THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

57 GEORGE III. 1817.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers ;

And fold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Bookfellevs, in Fleet-Street.

1817.

[Price j1. as. in Boards.]

A.

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all.

THE STATUTES,

Faffed in the FIFTH Seffion of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland•

57 GEORGE III

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1.	A N Ad to continue and extend the Provifions of an A£t of

the Forty-ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and alfo for regulating the Trade of the Lfland of Mauritius.	Page	I

2.	An AS. for railing the Sum of Twenty-four Millions, by Ex-

chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and feventeen. [See Cap, 132. § 12.poJl.~\	2

3.	An A& to empower His Majefty to fecure and detain fuch Per-

fons as His Majefty {hall fufpedt are confpiring againft His Per-fon and Government. [*SW Cap. 55. pojl.]	3

4.	An A£t to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the

Port of Gibraltar.	5

5.	An Adf for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penlions, Offices, and Perfonal Eftates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Perfons receiving Penfions and holding Offices ; for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen. [See Cap. 132. §12. pojl.']	Ibid.

6.	An Aft to make perpetual certain Parts of an A<ft of tbe Thir ty -

fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majefty's Perfon and Government againft Treafonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts ; and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Perfon of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent againft Treafonable Pra&ices and Attempts.	8

7.	An A& to revive and make perpetual Two A<Ss of the Thirty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for t!he better Prevention and Punilhment of Attempts to feduce Perfons ferving in His Majefty’s Forces by Sea or Land from

A 2.	their

Hosted by Google

iv	The	TITLES of the STATUTES,

their Duty and Allegiance to His Majefty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience.	Page 10

8.	An Adi to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty, an Adi of the Fifty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit. 11

9.	An Adi for veiling all Eftates and Property occupied for the

Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department ; and for granting certain Powers to the faid Comptroller.	Ibid.

10.	An Adi to regulate the Veffels carrying Paffengers from the

United Kingdom to certain of His Majefty’s Colonies in North America.	16

11.	An Adi to facilitate the Progrefs of Bufinefs in the Court of

King’s Bench in IVeJlminJler Hath	19

12.	An Adi forpunifhmg Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Cap. 35. poJl.~\ 2o

13.	An Adi for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine

Forces while on Shore.	30

14.	An Adi to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom

as have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for thofe Purpofes re-fpedlively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	31

15.	An Adi to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thou-

fand eight hundred and eighteen, an Adi of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufadlures of Great Britain<	Ibid.

16.	An Adi for railing the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen. \_See Cap. 132. §12. poJl.~]	32

17.	An Adi to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, fo much

of an Adi of the Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unlefs the Preemption thereof be offered to the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy.	Ibid.

18.	An Adi to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in

• Equity in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler.	33

19.	An Adi for the more effedlually preventing Seditious Meetings and Affemblies.	34

20.	An Adi for making further Regulations in refpedl to the Pay

of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cafes therein mentioned.	50

21.	An Adi to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence

until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, Two Adis made in the Forty-feventh and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for the preventing improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland.	58

22.	An Adi to amend Two Adis of tbe Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, to provide for the better

Execution

V

(.Public General) 57° GEO. III.

Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magiftrates and additional Conftables in Counties in certain cafes.	Page 59

23.	An A 61 to further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an A6f of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.	60

24.	An A6I to alter and enlarge the Powers of an A6f, palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

61

25* An A6I to explain and amend an A61, made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to exempt fuch Dwelling Houfes as may be employed for the foie Purpofe of Trade, or of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the faid A61.	67

26.	An A61 to amend and render more effe61ual Four feveral A6ts

palled in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth. Fifty fecond and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commif-fioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. ^	70

27.	An A6t for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Buck Wheat

imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof.	76

28.	An A6f to extend the Powers of Two A61s, for allowing

Britijh Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in Britijh Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign Veffels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into the faid I Hand in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.	77

29.	An Ato extend to Newfoundland the Provifions of an A6t

palled in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty^s Reign* for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majefty’s Illands in the Wefl Indies, to any other, of the faid Illands, and to and from any of the Britijh Colonies on the Continent of America, and the faid Illands and Colonies.	78.

30.	An A6t to regulate the Interefts and Periods of Payment of

Navy, Vidfualling and Tranfport Bills.	79

31.	An A61 for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be

railed by Lotteries. [See Cap. 132. {12. poJH\	Ibid.

32.	An A61 to repeal the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles, and

charge other Duties in lieu thereof.	Cap*	119. poJl.~\ 80

33.	An A6t to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco

for the Ufe of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Veffels making fhort Voyages.	.	83

34.	An A6t to authorize the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, and the

Advance of Money out of the Confolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Filheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned.	85

35.	An A 61 for punilhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the bet-

■t ter. Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	109

A 3	36. An

Hosted by Google

VI

The TITLES of (he STATUTES,

36.	An A& to regulate the Trade to and from the Places withffi the Limits of the Charter of the Eajl India Company, and certain Pofleffions of His Majefty in the Mediterranean. Page no

37.	An Adi to explain and amend an Adi of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty; relating to Tolls on Carriages ufed in Hufbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure, from Payment of Toll. 116

3§. An Adi to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, an A cl of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more efFedlual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

“7

39.	An Adi to extend certain Provifions of the A6fs of the Thirty

fixth and Fifty fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies.	Ibid,

40.	An Adi to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Cuftoms

for their Services in preventing illicit Diftillation in Scotland\ under an Adi patted in the laft Seffion of Parliament.	118

41.	An Adi to repeal Two Adis paffed in the Fifty fourth and

Fifty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the faid Office to the Offices of the Paymafter General and Secretary at War.	119

42.	An Adi to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Adi made in the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifiand of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama IJlands, in American Ships coming in Bal-laft.	122

43.	An Adi for granting, for Two Years from the Fifth Day of

July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwife than by Claying.	Ibid.

44.	An Adi to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry,

when affembled for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commiffions in fuch Corps, and to exempt Members in fuch Corps from fcrving the Office of Conftable.	123

45.	An Adi for the Continuation of all and every Perfon or Perfons

in any and every Office, Place or Employment, Civil or Military, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Ifies of Jet fey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sarke and Man, and alfo in all and every of His Majefty’s Foreign Poffeflions, Colonies or Plantations, which he or fhe lhall hold, poffefs or exercife during the Pleafure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demife of His prefent Majefty, until removed or difcharged therefrom by the fucceeding King or Queen of this Realm.	124

46.	An Adi to prevent the iifuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, ufually called Tokens.	125

47.	An Adi for fettling and fecuring Annuities on Lord Colchejler9

and on the next Perfon to whom the Title of Lord Colchejler (hall defcend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.	131

48.	A11 Adi to make further Provifion for the Adjuftment of the

Accounts

(Public General) 57° GEO. III.

Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occafional Deficiency which may arife in the faid Fund in Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively; and to diredl the Application of Monies by the Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt.	Page	135

49.	An Adi for altering and amending the Laws of Excife with

refpedl to Salt and Rock Sait.	141

50.	An Adi to continue an Adi made in the Fifty-fourth Year

of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to provide for the preferring and rejloring of Peace in fuch Parts of Ireland as may at any time le dijlurbed by feditious Perfons, or by Perfons entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies.	180

51.	An Adi to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland.	181

52.	An Adi to alter an Adi pafTed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effedlual fecuring the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants. Ibid.

53.	An Adi for the more effedlual Punifhment of Murders and

Manflaughters committed in Places not within His Majefty’s Dominions.	183

54.	An Adi to enable the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefls and Land Revenues to make and maintain a Road from Milbanh Row, Wejlminfter, to the Penitentiary.	184

55.	A.n Adi to continue an Adi to empower Hi9 Majefly to fe-

cure and detain fuch Perfons as His Majefly fhall fufpedl are Confpiring againfl	His	Perfon	and Government.	193

56.	An Adi to amend the Laws in refpedl to forfeited Recognizances

in Ireland.	195

57.	An Adi to empower His Majefly to fufpend Training, and to

regulate the Quotas of the Militia.	207

58.	An Adi to allow Britifh Goods to be exported diredl from

this Country to the United; States of America upon the fame Terms as when exported	to any	Foreign	Country.	209

59.	An Adi for letting to Farm the Poll Horfe Duties, and for better fecuring and facilitating the Recovery of the faid Duties.

60.	An Adi to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer

in England.	2	25

61.	An Adi to abolifh the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Juflices

and Juflices in Eyre, North and South of Trent.	226

62.	An Adi to abolifh certain Offices, and to regulate certain other

63.	An Adi to regulate the Offices of Clerks to the Signet and

Privy Seal.	231

64.	An Adi to abolifh certain Offices, and regulate others, in Scotland233

65.	An Adi to enable His Majefly to recompfenfe the Services of

Perfons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.	238

66.	An Adi to amend an Adi of the Twenty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefly, for fuppreffing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the Board of Trade ; and for enabling the Vice Prefident of the Board of Trade to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the t)uty of Poftage. 245

210

Offices, in Ireland.

227

A 4

67. An

Hosted by

Google

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

67.	An Ad to regulate certain Offices, and abolifh others, in His Majefty’s Mints in England and Scotland refpedively. Page 246

68.	An Ad to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.	248

69.	An Ad to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September

One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Ad paffed in Ireland\ in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries on the Coafts of Ireland.	250

70.	An Ad to relieve Perfons impugning the Dodrine of the

Holy Trinity from certain Penalties, in Ireland.	Ibid.

71.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent

Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the feveral Laws relating to Pri-fons in Ireland, and for reenading fuch of the Provifions thereof as have been found ufual with Amendments.	251

72.	An Ad to continue until the End of the next Seffion of Par-

liament Two Ads made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	254

73.	An Ad to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay Yarn

from Ireland by Licence obtained there.	Ibid.

74.	An Ad to extend feveral Ads for allowing the Importation

and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porta Maria in the Ifland of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Ifland of Barbadoes.	255

75.	An Ad to abolifh the Punifliment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders.	257

76.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty-fourth Year of His

prefent Majefty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfities in Scotland.	Ibid?

77.	An Ad for extending the Provifions of an Ad of the Fifty-fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money ; and for authorizing the Commiffioners of Chelfea Hofpital to fufpend the Penfions of fuch Perfons as fhall be guilty of Frauds in refped of Prize Money or Penfions.

258

78.	An Ad for fixing the Rates of Subfiltence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	260

79.	An Ad to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public

Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.	262

80.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Nine Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen. [See Cap* 132. §12. poJl.~]	269

81.	An Ad for raifing the Sum of Three Millions fix hundred

thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency, by Treafury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen. [See Cap* 132. § 12. poJl*~\	Ibid*

82.	An Ad to continue an Ad paffed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefent Majefty, refpeding certain Annuities, fo long as the faid Annuities {hall be payable.

271

83.	An Ad to amend an Ad, made in the laft Seffion of Par-

liament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland.	272

84.	An

Hosted by Google

{Public General) GEO. Ill;

84* An At to regulate the Offices of His Majelly’s Exchequer in* England and Ireland refpetively.	Page	273

85.	An A61 to permit, until the Fourteenth Day of November One

thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Importation of Coni and other Articles in any Ship and from any Country ; to permit fuch Articles which may have been warehoufed for Exportation only to be entered for Home Confumption ; and for indemnifying all Perfons who have given Directions for the Importation of Corn and other Articles, or the taking the fame out of Warehoufe free of Duty, and who have acted in obedience thereto.	275

86.	An Act to permit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and

Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as are chargeable in Great Britain.	276

87.	An At to. amend Two Ads palled in the Forty fifth Year

of His prefent Majefly, and in the lalt Seffion of Parliament, for the making more effe6lual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling.	278

88.	An At to permit Fuller’s Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to be carried Coallwife under certain Reflations. 290

89.	An At to. allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons from

the Azores and the Madeiras into the Britijh Colonies in North America.	Ibid.

9.0. An At for the Prevention of Perfons going armed by Night for the Dellrution of Game ; and for repealing an At, made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds.	291

91.	An At to enable Jullices of the Peace to fettle the Fees

to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the refpetive Counties and other Divifions of England and Wales.	293

92.	An A6t to regulate the Adminillration'of Oaths in certain cafes

to Officers in His Majelly’s Land and Sea Forces.	295

93.	An At to regulate the Colls of Diflrelfes levied for Payment of

Small Rents.	296

94.	An At to amend an At of the lall Seffion of Parliament,

for the more eafy alfeffing of	County Rates.	299

95.	An At to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the

Eajl India Company’s Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws.	3Q.1

9.6. An At for fufpending, until the Firll Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coallwife within the Principality of Walesy and granting other Duties in lieu	thereof.	303

97.	An At for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by

the Right Honourable Henry Hall Vifcount Gagey and the Com-miffioners of His Majelty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues ; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.	305

98.	An At for ratifying the Purchafe of the Impropriate Retory

of Saint Mary le bone in the County of Middlefex.	329

99.	An At to confolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms ; and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices ; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England. \_Bythis Ady § 1. the i^Eliz. c.2Q. as to certain Particulars therein mentionedy is

repealed ;

Hosted by Google

The TITLES of the STATUTES*

repealed ; but the whole of that At7, together with all Explanations, Additions and Alterations thereof was previoujly repealed h 43^*3‘ c*$4* $10.]	Page 343

too. An A 61 to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Inftitutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax. 373 101 • An A61 to continue an A6t, intituled An Aft further to extend and render more eJfeSual certain Provifions of an A3 pa fed in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majejly King George the Firjl, intituled ‘An A3 to prevent frivolous and, vexatious Arrefs ;* and oj an A3 pajfed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majejly King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more ejfe3ual the faid former A3; and of Two A3s, pajfed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, extending the Provifions of the faid former A3s.	385

102.	An A6t to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and con*

tingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon ; and for granting Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermafhers, Surgeons* Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hun* dred and eighteen.	Ibid.

103.	An A 61 for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June

One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	392

s©4* An A6fc to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilft difembodied. 394 105. An A6t to encourage the Eftabliffiment of Banks for Savings in Ireland.	395

£06. An A6t to provide for the Eftablifnment of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.	407

S07. Am A6t to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigation of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Irelandy and for accounting for Money raifed by fuch Prefentments.	409

E08. An A6t for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets and Ports in Ireland.	425

109. An A& to aboliffi the Subfidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufafiures, in Ireland; and to authorize the Payment out of the Confolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Intereft in the Office of Alnager.	426

no. An A6t to make further Regulations for the better collecting and fecuring the Duties upon Spirits diftilled in Ireland* 428 Hi. An A6t to fufpend, until the Tenth Day of 03ober One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweet6 or Made Wines.	437

riz. An A61 to amend an A6t of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for better regulating the Office of Treafurer of His Majefly’s Navy, as far as refpe&s the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department.

438

12	113. An

(Public General) 57° GEO. III.

$■ 13. An Ad to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens, iflued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public.	^age 439

114.	An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thou-

fand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Wejlminjler.	443

115.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad of the Twelfth Year

of His late Majefty King George the Firft, and an Ad of the Twenty fecond Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, againft Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to fe-cure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufadure of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery.	444

s 16. An Ad for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Pro-dudion of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehoufing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpofe of Exportation ; for altering the Hours for {hipping Goods in the Port of London ; and to empower Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame Port.	445

117.	An Ad to regulate the iffuing of Extents in Aid.	447

118.	An Ad for authorizing the Executors or Adminiftrators of

deceafed licenfed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to fuch deceafed Agents.	450

j 19. An Ad to exempt Britiflj and Irijh Stone Bottles, made and ufed for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blacking, from the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles granted by an Ad of this Seffion of Parliament.	452

120.	An Ad to authorize the Court of Diredors of the Eajl India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain cafes, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the faid Company.

453

121.	An Ad for regulating Payments to the Treafurer of the Navy

under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts.	456

122.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad of the Twelfth

Year of His late Majefty King George the Firft, and an Ad of the Twenty fecond Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, againft Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to fecure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and for extending the Provifions of the faid Ads to Scotland and Ireland.	457

123.	An Ad for impofing a Duty of Excife on the Excels of Spirits made from Corn in England above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh ; and for further fecuring the Duties on Wort or Wafh made for diftilling Spirits in England; and for authorizing the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Cafks containing Sixty Gallons. 459

124.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, for authorizing the IfTue of Exchequer Bills, and the

Advance

Hosted by Google

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xil

Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fifheries, and Employment of the Poor.	Pagd ^rjo

125.	An Adi to authorize the driving and keeping a Hackney Coach

or Chariot under the fame Licence.	476

126.	An A61 to repeal an A6t, palled in the Fifty fourth Year

of His prefent Majefty, for the Punifhment of Perfons deftroying Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in fuch Frames ; and to make, until the Fir ft Day of Augufl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, other Provifions in lieu thereof.	478

127.	An A61 to fettle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Ad-

miralty, and Bounty Money payable to Greenwich Hofpital, and for fecuring to the faid Hofpital all unclaimed Shares of VefTels found derelidl, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws.	479

128.	An A61 for extending the Exemptions from the Duties granted

by certain A6ls of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, m Dwelling Houles in Scotland ; and for altering the Manner of claiming and afeertaining the Exemptions to be granted. [The Exemptions of 43 G. 3. r. 161. are in § 12. of that Act. No Adt of the 45 G. 3. is mentioned in the Body of this Ad;T\	482

T29. An A61 for veiling in His Majefty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Wafte Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth in the Parilh of Saint Columh Major, in the County of Cornwall.	484

130.	An A61 to encourage the Eftablilhment of Banks for Savings

in England.	495

131.	An A61 for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provifions touching the Election of Members to ferve in Parliament for Places in Ireland507

132.	An A61 for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the

Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Selfion of Parliament.	518

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i.	AN A6t to extend the Limits of an A61, made in the laft

jljL Seliion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Ad-meafurement of Coals in certain Parilhes in the Counties of Middlefex and EJfex.	Page 53 2

ii.	An A61 for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleanfing

the Streets, Lanes and public Places within the Town and Borough of Tetburyy in the County of Gloucejler, and for preventing Nuifances therein.	534

iii.	An A61 for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two A6ts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His

prefent

Hosted by Google

(Local S' Personal) 57° GEO. III.

prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelnflone> and from Poyning’s Common to High Crofs, in the County of Suffex ; and for repealing fo much of the faid A&s as relates to certain Parts of the faid Roads.	Bage 534

iv.	An A61 for more effe6tually repairing the Roads from Coventry

to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick.	535

v.	An A61 for repairing the Road from the Crofs Hands, on the

Worcejler and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucejler, Warwick and Worcejler.	Ib'uf

vi.	An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral A6ts of His late and prefent Majelly, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewjbury to Bridgnorth, and feveral other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

Ibid.

vii.	An A6t for making better Provifion for the Support and Maintenance of the Re6lor of the Parifh of Saint Olave} in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Rectory or Parfonage Houfe for the faid Re6lor. Ibid.

viii.	An A61 for further continuing, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand ^ight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Powers given by an A6t of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiflioners a6ting in Execution of an Agreement made between the Eajl India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into

Effea.	Ibid.

ix.	An Aa for providing a convenient Houfe, with fuitable Ac-

commodations, for His Majefty’s Judges at the Afiizes for the County of Northampton.	Ibid.

x.	An Aa for more effeaually repairing and improving the Road from Weft Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, in the County of Lan-

cajler.	544

xi.	An Aa for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aa of His

prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcejler to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End\ in the Parifh of Har-dington, in the County	of Northampton.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aa for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parifh of Madeley, into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffnall to Shrewjbury, at or near a Place called Watling Street, in the Parifh of Wellington, all in the County of Salop. 5451

xiii.	An Aa for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from

the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper ; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the faid Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

xiv.	An Aa for lighting and watching Kentifh Town in the Parifh

of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlefex. •	Ibid.

xv.	An Aa to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Strat-

ford upon Avon Canal Navigation to raife Money to difcharge their Debts, and to complete the faid Canal,	Ibid.

xvi. An

Hosted by Google

XIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xvi.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts^

of the Seventeenth and Thirty feventh Years of His prefent Ma,-jefty, for repairing the Road from Halifax- to Sheffield, in the Weft Riding of the County of York., fo far as relate to the Road; from Penijlone to Sheffield.	Page	545;

xvii.	An A61 to continue and amend an Aft palled in the Thirty

fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylejbury and Wendover, through Prince's Rifborough, to Wejl Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham.	Ibid.

xviii.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts pafied for repairing and widening the Roads from the Eaft End of Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Wejlmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the faid County.

Ibid.

xix.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent

Majefty, for building a new Church and Workhoufe in the Parifh of Bathwick, in the County of	Somerfet.	546

xx.	An Aft for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr,

and for regulating Veftels reforting thereto.	Ibid•

xxi.	An A61 for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parifh of Sculcoates in the Eaft Riding of the County of York.

Ibid.

xxii.	An Aft for amending an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for rebuilding Newton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.

Ibid.

xxiii.	An Aft for better lighting the Streets-and Houfes of the Metropolis with Gas.	Ibid\

xxiv. An Aft to amend an Aft, of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for the better repairing the feveral Roads leading into and from the City of Worcejlcr.	566

xxv.	An Aft to continue and amend Two Aft-s of the Fifteenth

and Thirty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through Little Yarmouth, to Gorlejlon, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Aft for amending the Roads leading from Bafmgjlone,

near Bagfhot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton and New Aires ford, to Winch ejler, in the County of Southampton.	567

xxvii.	An Aft for more effeftually improving the Road from

Richmond, in the County of York, to Lancajler, in the County of Lancajler, and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Crofs, and from Gtlling to the Turnpike Road on Gather ley Moor, in the County of York.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His pre-

fent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

xxix.	An Aft for better paving, improving and regulating the

Streets of the Metropolis, and removing	and	preventing Nuifances

and Obftruftions therein.	Ibid.

xxx.	An Aft to regulate the loading of	Ships	with	Coals in the

Port of Ncwcajlle upon Tyne.	681

*xxi. An

Hosted by Google

[Local Sf Personal} 57° GEO. III.

xxxi.	An Aft for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for alii Goods, Wares and Merchandize landed on or (hipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cam-walli and on all Ships and VeiTels retorting to the faid Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.	Page 682

XXxii. An Aft for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours of Greenock 1 for eftablifhing and fupporting a Harbour Police, and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Pa-rifhes of Greenock*	“	Hid*

xxxiii.	An Aft for altering and amending an Aft of the Fifty fecond

Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Diftrifts, and for other Pur-poles relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An Aft for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackball,

in the County of Middlefex, a feparate and diftinft Parifh ; and for erefting a Parifh Church therein, and other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxxv.	An Aft for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of

Chrijl Church in the County of Surrey ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxxvi.	An Aft for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing addi-

tional Burying Ground, for the Parifh of Bradford, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

xxxvii.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Railing or Tram

Road from Bulls Head Lane, in the Parifh of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Bafin, in the Parifh of Pinxton, in the County of Her by.	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for incloftng Lands within the Parifhes of Norton

and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk ; and for draining certain Lands in the faid Parifh of Norton.	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Aft to amend an Aft, palled in the Forty feventh Year

of His prefent Majefty, for improving and rendering more commodious fuch Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are fituate on the South Side of the River Anna Lffey, and Weft of His Majefty’s Caftle of Dublin ; and for the Appointment of an Infpeftor of the Preferments and other Accounts of the County of the	City of Dublin.	Ibid.

xl. An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wefminfler; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea.	687

xli. An Aft for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glafgonv with Gas, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	692

xlii. An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the feveral Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent,	Ibid.

jdiii. An Aft to continue and amend an Aft, made in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Caufeway Heady near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen*s Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame.	Ibid-\

xliv. An

Hosted by Google

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xliv. An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral A6ls of His prefent Majefly, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro, and other Roads communicating therewith, in'the County of Cornwall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River there.	Page 692

xlv. An A61 for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of IVeJlmorland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parifh of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of Tork, with a Branch from or near Chapel Houfe to Egglejlon Bridge, in the fame Parifh. 693 xlvi. An A6t for continuing and amending an A6t of His prefent Majelly, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parifh of Greetham, in the County of Rutland.	Hid.

xlvii. A11 A6t for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Townfhip of Manchejler to Newton Chapel in the Townfhip of Newton, with a Branch to the River Med\ock in the Town-fhip of Droylfden, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	Ibid.

xlviii. An A 61 for (hutting up and difcontinuing a certain Way or Paffage called Old Paris Garden Lane, iituate in the Parifh of Chri/l Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and dif-pofing of the Ground and Soil thereof.	Ibid.

xlix. An A61 to continue an Adi, parted in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefly, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the feveral Laws theretofore made relating to the faid Road.	Ibid.

1.	An A6t to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an A61 of His prefent Majefly, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancajler, to the Town of Burnley, in the faid County, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

Ibid.

li. An A61 for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec, in the Parifh of Leeds, in the Wert: Riding of the County of Tork, to Homefeld Lane End, in the fame Parifh, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of fuch Road.	694

lii. An A6t for more effe6lually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven ; and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Bridges over the River North EJk ; and for making and repairing other Roads in the faid County. Ibid. liii. An A6t for fettling the Right of Patronage or Prefentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanjled Chapel, in the Parifh of Stoughton, in the County	of	Sujfex.	Ibid.

liv. An A6t for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Eye, in the	County	of	Northampton.	Ibid.

Iv. An A61 to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two A6ls of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Wrotham Heath to Foots Cray, and from Wrotham Heath to Maid-Jlone, in the County of Kent; and the Road from the faid Road into the Turnpike Road from Mereworth to Hadlow in the faid County.	Ibid.

Ivi. An

Hosted by Google

‘{Local Sy Personal) 57° GEO. III.

" Ivi. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and \Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling. Page 6$4 Ivin An Aft for giving further Powers to the Preiident and Affift-ants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfajl, in the County of Antrim, to fupply the faid Town with Water, and to improve their Eftates.	Ibid,

I Iviii. An Aft for building a Bridge acrofs the River Irwell, from.

Water Street, in the Townfhip of Salford, to Saint Mary's Gate, in the Townfhip of Manchejler, all in the County of Lancajier, and for making proper Avenues thereto.	Ibid•

lix. An Aft for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Bolton, in the County of Lancajier.	695

lx. An A<9: for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and increafing the Payments to be made by Brokers.	Ibid.

Ixi. An Aft to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, in the City of Wejlminjler, Engraver to The Queen’s Moft Excellent Majefty, to difpofe of his Colleftion of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with feveral Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Leafe of the Premifes called The Britifh Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.	698

Ixii. An Aft to amend Two Adis for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

Ixiii. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichejler Harbour, and from thence to Lang-Jhone and Portfmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunjlon Common to or near the City of Chichefer ; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langjlone and Channels of Lang-Jlone and Thorney.	710

Ixiv. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, and extending the fame to the 'town of Great Driffield, in the County of Tork,	711

ixv. An Aft for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerfet, and for improving the faid Town ; and for amending an Aft of His prefent Majefty relative thereto.	Ibid«

Ixvi. An A61 to amend and continue an Aft of the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for improving certain Roads in and through the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucejler, and feveral other Roads therein mentioned.*	Ibid.

Ixvii. An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town, of Taunton in the County of Somerfet.	Ibid.

Ixviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to the Old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

Ixix. An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for draining Lands in South Holland; and for continuing and amending another Aft of His prefent Majefty, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, 57 Geo. III.	a	from

xvii

Hosted by Google

xviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

from Spalding High Bridge to Brother Houfe, all in the County of Lincoln.	Page 711

lxx. An Adi for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.	712

lxxi., An Adt for amending and rendering more effedtual an Adt of His late Majefty King William the Third, for making the River Lark alias Burn navigable.	.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Adi for rebuilding the Church, and improving the Church Yard of the Parifh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

lxxiii. An Adt for railing Money, by Annuities or otherwife, for the Purpofe of eredling a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlefex.

Ibid.

lxxiv. An Adt for more effectually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny Diftridt near Rhyd y Blew Houfe, in the County of Monmouth.	Ibid.

lxxv. An Adi to continue and amend an Adi paffed in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for altering the Road from Macclesfeld to Congleton, in the County of Chejler.	Ibid.

lxxvi. An Adt to empower the Commiflioners of the Royal Naval Afylum to make ufe of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interefl of the Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the faid Commiflioners, for the Purpofes of the faid Afylum.	Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1.	A N Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Drayton, in the

County of Somerfet.	714

2.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Erifwelly in the

County-of Suffolk.	Ibid.

3.	An Adi for inclofing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the

County of Tork.	Ibid.

4.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cofton, otherwife

Coflon Hackett, in the	County of Worcejler.	Ibid.

5.	An Adi for repealing certain Parts of an Adi of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Afpatria, and in the ieveral Parifhes of Afpatria, Brumfield and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the faid Adt. Ibid.

6.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Orleton> in the County

of Hereford.	Ibid.

7.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Burton Salmon

in the Parifh of Monkfryfione, in the County of Tork.	715

8.	An

Hosted by Google

XIX

(Private, printed,) 57° GEO. III.

8.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Willey, in the

Parilh of Prejleign, in the County of Hereford.	Page*j\y

9.	An Aft for veiling Part of the Settled Eftates of Edward Gilbert

Efquire, otherwife Edward Scott Efquire, in Truftees, to be fold and for applying the Produce in or towards the Difcharge of the Incumbrances on the faid Eftates.	Ibid.

10.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parilh of Almondbury, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

Ibid.

11.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Townfhip or Liberty of Lit-

tlemore, in the Parifties of Saint Mary the Virgin and Teftley, other-wife Iffley, in the County of Oxford,	Ibid.

12.	An Aft for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parifh of Eajlon on the Hill, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

13.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Trawden, in the

Chapelry of Colne, and Parifh of Whalley, in the County of Lancajler.	Ibid.

14.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Manors, Townfhips or

Livifionsof Underbarrow and Bradleyfeld, in the Parifh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wejlmorland.	Ibid.

15.	An Aft for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will of John

Seacome, and now held in undivided Shares, in Truftees, to be fold, and for invefting the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of fuch of the Parties interefted as are Infants in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be conveyed to them according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts in lieu of fuch Shares.	Ibid.

16.	An Aft to enable the Truftees for the time being of the Charity Eftates of William Hickey, deceafed, fituate in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leafes thereof.

716

17.	An Aft for confirming and eftablifhing the Sales made by Ann

Fifh Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the Eftates devifed to them for Sale by the Will of John Fijh Efquire.	Ibid.

IB. An Aft for inclofing Ramfdown and Liddaton Down Commons, in the Parilh of Milton Abbott, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

19. An Aft for dividing and inclofing Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Townfhip of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of Tork ; and for extinguifhing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, fituate in the Suburbs or Precinfts of the City of Tork.	Ibid*

20.	An Aft for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the

• Parilhes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fornham Saint Genoveve,

otherwife Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

Ibid.

21.	An Aft for veiling in Truftees in Fee Simple, in Trufl for

Samuel Robert Gauffen Efquire, difcharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interefts, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Eftate of the Right Honourable John Lord OJfulJlon deceafed.	Ibid.

22.	An Aft for veiling the Settled Eftates of William Lifler Fenton

Scott Efquire in Truftees, in Truft to be fold, and for laying out the Purchafe Monies arifing from fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

a 2	23. An

Hosted by Google

XX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

23.	An Aft for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seftion in Scotland to fell fuch Parts of the Eftates of Seaforth and others* fituated in the County of Rofs, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceafed, as fhall be fufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provifions which afledl or may be made to affedl the laid Entailed Eftates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leafes and Feus of Parts of the faid Entailed Eftates. Page 717

24.	An Adi to authorize the Truftees of the deceafed James Schaw

to grant Building Leafes and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Prefton, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purpofes relating	thereto.	Ibid.

25.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the Townftiip of Hollington, in

the feveral Parifhes of Longford and Brailsford, in the County of Derby.	Ibid*

26.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Fulbrook, in the

County of Oxford.	Ibid.

27.	An Adi to enable James Rocheid Efquire, and the Heirs of

Entail fucceeding to him in the Eftate of Inverleith, to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.	Ibid*

28.	An A 61 for exchanging an Eftate in the County of Kent, belong-

ing to the Earl oiThanet, for an Eftate in the fame County, deviled by the Will of Thomas	Holmes.	Ibid*

An Adi for making a Partition of the Eftates of Loftock, An-derton, Heaton, Horwich, Rumworth and Adlington, in the County Palatine of Lane after, of the late Henry Blundell Efquire. Ibid*

30.	An Adi for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Gell

Efquire, of certain of the Settled Eftates of Philip Gell Efquire deceafed, in the County of Tork, for other Eftates in the County of Derby.	718

31.	An Adt for effedluating an Exchange between Richard Peter Whijh Clerk, Redtor of the Redlory and Parifh Church of

s Meefdeni otherwife Miffenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gauffen Efquire, of the Redlory Houfe and Part of the Glebe Lands of the faid Redlory, for a Houfe and Lands in the faid Parifh of Meefden, otherwife Miffenden, belonging to the faid Armytage Gauffen.	Ibid,

32.	An Adi for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorfet and Tork, in

Truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money thence arifing (after Payment of certain fpecific Incumbrances) in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufes.

Ibid*

33.	An Adi to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe of certain Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, fituate in the Parifh of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, in the faid City, Parcel of the faid Prebend, in manner therein mentioned ; and to enable the granting of Sub Leafes for repairing and otherwife improving the fame. Ibid*

34.	An A61 for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the

Townfhips of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parifhes of Stavely and Dronfteld, in the County of Derby.	Ibid*

35.	An Adi for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common

Wood,

Hosted by Google

(Private, not printed,) 57° GEO. III.

Wood, in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt9 otherwise Lyons, in the County of Denbigh*	Page	719

36.	An Adi for vefting a certain Eftate, late of Peter Walkden of

Chorley in the County of Cloejler, Yeoman, deceafed, fituate in Chorley aforefaid, in Truftees, in Truft to be fold for paying off Incumbrances thereon ; and for purchafing other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid,

37.	An Adt to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parifh

of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancafery to fell and convey in Fee Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.	Ibid,

38.	An Adi for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reverfion

Expedlant of certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick and Chejler, late of Sir Lifter Holte Baronet, deceafed, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Efquire ; and for vefting fuch Eftates and Property in Truftees, to convey and aflure the fame according to the faid Agreement.	Ibid*

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

39.	A N Adi for inclofing Lands within the Parifti of Harbridgc J7\. in the County of Southampton,

40.	An Adi for naturalizing Ulric Theodore Hemmingfon.

41.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Fulftow, in the County of Lincoln.

\_And for making Compenfation for Tithes.~\

42.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Portfea> in the County of Southampton.

\_Prowfo for Right to Tithes."]

43.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Studley, in the County of Warwick.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

44.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Worjbrough in the County of Fork.

45.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Emneth, in the County of Norfolk.

\_Any Allotment made to His Majefy may be fold before or after the Execution of the Award. Commijftoner to make an Extract of fo much of his Award as defcribes His Majefy’s Allotment, and tranfmit the fame to the Commijftoners of His Majefy’s Woods, &c.J

46.	An Adi to amend and render more effedlual an Adi made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing the Commonable Lands in the Parifh of Hanley Cafle9 in the County of Worcefer.

47.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Hempnall, in the County of Norfolk.

48.	An Adi for vefting certain Parts of the Barony of Pitfigo, in the County of Aberdeen, comprized in a Deed of Entail executed by Francis Garden of Troup Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to

be

Hosted by Google

xx ii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

be fold, and for applying the Purchafe Money in the Acquisition of other Efiates, to be fettled upon the fame Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the faid Deed of Entail.

49.	An Adi for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell fuch Parts of the Entailed Eflate of Tranent, and others, in the Conflabulary of Haddington and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, belonging to William Cadell Efquire, as fhall be fufficient for Payment of the Debts affe&ing the fame.

50.	An Adi for inclofmg Lands in the Manor of Salt and Enfon, in the Parifh of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Stafford.

[.And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

51.	An Adi for inclofmg and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Town (hip of Beadlam, i» the Parifh of Helmjley, in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

52.	An Adi to diffolve the Marriage of William Morris Bailey Efquire, Major in His Majefty’s Thirtieth Regiment of Foot, and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, and Companion of the Mofl Honourable Order of the Bath, with Henrietta Bailey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

53.	An Adi to diffolve the Marriage of Sir Edward William Campbell Rich Owen with Dame Elizabeth Owen his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

54.	An Adi to exonerate from Portions certain Hereditaments in Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, belonging to Richard Emery Efquire.

55.	An Adi to enable the Redlor of the Parifh and Parifh Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, to accept a Surrender of the exifling Leafe, and to grant more extenflve Leafes of Part of the Glebe belonging to the faid Redlory.

56.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Leek Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

[ Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. Proprietors not having an Interejl in the Lands to be inclofed fuffcient to commute for the Tithes, to pay the Value of the Deficiency for the Benefit of the Owners of Land taken to make up fuch Deficiency. Proprietors of certain old inclofed Lands may give up Part to difcharge Remainder thereof from Tithes. Enabling Commif-fioner, with Confent of Parties, to fix a Compenfation in Money for Corn Tithes of certain inclofed Lands.]

57.	An Adi to diffolve the Marriage of Richard Oliver Smith Efquire with Harriet his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

98. An Adt for naturalizing Matthew Sey%inger.

59.	An Adt for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion to fell the Entailed Eflate of Pitlochie, lying in the County of Fife, belonging to William Murray Efquire, of Touchadam and Pitlochie, and to apply the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of the Lands and Eflate of Cockfpow, in the County of Stirling, belonging to the faid William Murray, in Fee Simple, and lying contiguous to certain other Entailed Efiates belonging to the faid

William

Hosted by Google

(Private, not 'printed,) 57° GEO. III.

William Murray, to be entailed in lieu of the faid Eftate of

Pitlochie. .

60.	An A£t to amend an A6t made in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Strenjham, in the County of Worcefter.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes

61.	An A dt for fettling and fecuring certain Parts of the Lands and Eftate of Kinninmonth or Kinmount and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queenjherry, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queenjherry and Dover, deceafed, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the faid Deed ; and for veiling in lieu thereof certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Tinwall, Moufewald, and others, in the faid County, in the faid Charles Marquis of Queenjherry, and his Heirs and Affigns, in Fee Simple.

62.	An A£t to enable Edward Beevor the Elder, Efquire, and his IfTue, to take, ufe and bear the Surname and Arms of Lomle, pur-fuant to the Will of Sir John Lomle Baronet, deceafed.

63.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Llandi-lofawr and Talley, in the County of Carmarthen.

\_CommiJjioner to make an Extrad of Award for His Majejly. Any Allotments to His Majefy may he fold before or after Execution of Award, ]

64.	An Adt to explain and amend an A6t paffed in the lafl Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to dijfolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor otherwife Eleanor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Pur-pofes therein mentioned.

xxiii

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. BritanniarunxJlegis, Quinquagefimo Septimo.

4	\ T the Parliament begun and holden at Wejlminjler, the

4	Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in

4	the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

4 GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland', King, Defender of the 4 Faith ; And from thence continued, by feveral Prorogations, to the 4 Twenty eighth Day of January 1817, being the Fifth Seflion of 4 the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and IrelandI

CAP. I.

An A ft to continue and extend the Provifions of an A£l of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and alfo for regulating the Trade of the Ifland of Mauritius.	[24th February 1817.]

4 TT7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring,

4 V V and fit to be continued for a limited Period Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of thS Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Adi made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Act to authori%e His Majejly, during the prefent IVar9 to make Regulations refpeding the Trade and Commerce to and fronK The Cape of Good Hope ; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, by two Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, fkall be and the fame is hereby further continued for the Term hereinafter mentioned.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient, under the prefent Circum-4 ftances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from all Iflands, Co-4 lonies or Places, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, to 4 His Majefty belonging or in His PolTellion, in Africa or Afia to 4 the Eaftward of the Cape 'of Good Hope, excepting only the Pof-4 fefiions of the Eaf India Company, fhould alfo be regulated for a 4 certain time in Inch manner as (hall feem proper to His Majefty, 4 by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, notwithftanding 4 the fpecial Provifions of any Adi or Adis of Parliament that may 57 Geo. III.	B	4	be

49 G. 3. r. 17. continued.

Hosted by Google

2

C.l, 2.

57° GEO. III.

Trade to the Eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, to be regulated by Order in Council.

12 C- 2. c. 18.

; & 8 W. 3.

c. zz.

Goods imported or exported contrary to Order in Council forfeited , as alfo the Veflels.

Provifo for Eaft India Company.

Continuance of A it.

A.D. 1817.

c be conftrued to affedl the fame Be it therefore enadled, That from and after the pafling of this A6t, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be iffued from time to time, to give fuch Directions and make fuch Regulations touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the faid Illands, Colonies or Places, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, as to His Majefty in Council (hall appear moil expedient and falutary ; any Thing contained in an Adi paffed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for the encouraging and in-creafmg of Shipping and Navigation, or in an Adi paffed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majefty King William the Third, intituled An Adi for preventing Frauds and regulating Ahufes in the Plantation Trade, or any other Adi or A&s of Parliament now in force relating to His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations, or any other Aft or Adis of Parliament, Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enadled, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever fhall be imported into or exported from any of the faid Iflands, Colonies or Places, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, or (ball be exported from any Part of His Ma-jefty’s Dominions to any of the faid Iflands, Colonies or Places, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize fhall be fo imported or exported in any manner whatever contrary to any fuch Order or Orders of His Majefty in Council, the fame fhall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Veffel in which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize fhall refpedlively be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Furniture, Tackle and Apparel; and every fuch Forfeiture fhall and maybe filed for, profecuted and recovered by fuch and the like Way, Means and Methods as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law refpedting the Revenue of Cuftoms may be fued for, profecuted and recovered in Places where refpedlively the Offences fhall be committed ; and the Produce thereof fhall be difpofed of, paid and applied in like manner in the faid Places refpedlively ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall in any manner -be conftrued to infringe the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies as now by Law eftablifned.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi fhall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. II.

An Adi for raifing the Sum of Twenty four Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.	[24th	jFebruary 1817.]

€t TREASURY may raife 24,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in “ manner prefcribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.— $1. The Claufes, See. in u recited Adi extended to this Adi. §2. Treafury to apply the 4t Money raifed. $3. Exchequer Bills payable out of the Supplies (C for next Sefixon. $4. Intereft $\d. per Cent, per Diem. §5. Ex-

“ chequer

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

ST GEO. III.

C. 2,

3

C4 chequer Bills current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1818.— 44 $6. Bank of England may advance 15,000,000!. on Credit of A<ft? 44 notwithftanding the 5 8c 6 W. & M.—$7. A<ft altered, amended 44 or repealed this Seflion. §8.

CAP. III.

An A£t to empower His Majefty to fecure and detain fuch

Perfons as His Majefty {hall fufpedt are confpiring againft

His Perfon and Government.	[4th	March	1817.]

4	HERE	AS	a	traiterous	Confpiracy	has	been	formed	for	the

4 VV Purpofe of overthrowing by means of a general Infurrec-4 tion, the eftablifhed Government, Laws and Conftitution of this 4 Kingdom : And Whereas Defigns and Pradtices of a treafonable 4 and highly dangerous Nature are now carrying on in the Metro-4 polis, and in many other Parts of Great Britain J Therefore, for the better Prefervation of His Majefty's facred Perfon, and the fa-cred Perfon of His Royal Hignefs The Prince Regent, and for fe-curing the Peace and Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom, be it enadled by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all or any Perfon or Perfons that are or fhall be in Prifon within that Part of the United Kingdom, called Great Britain, at or upon the Day on which this Adt fhall receive His Majefty's Royal Afient, or after, by Warrant of His faid Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, figned by Six of the faid Privy Council, for High Treafon, Sufpicion of High Treafon, or Treafonable Pra&ices, or by Warrant figned by any of His Majefty’s Secretaries of State, for fuch Caufes as aforefaid, may be detained in fafe Cuftody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen ; and that no Judge or Juftice of the Peace (hall bail or try any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed, without Order from His faid Majefty's Privy Council, figned by Six of the faid Privy Council, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That the A 61 made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and one, intituled An Ad for preventing wrongous Imprifonmcnt, and againjl undue Delays in Trials, in fo far as the fame may be conftrued to relate to the cafes of Treafon and Sufpicion of Treafon, with refpedf to Perfons fo committed as aforefaid, be fufpended until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen ; and that until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen no Judge, Juftice of Peace or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, fhall liberate, try or admit to Bail any Perfon or Perfons that is, are or fhall be in Prifon within Scotland, under a Warrant or Warrants fo figned as aforefaid, for fuch Caufes as aforefaid, without Order from His faid Majefty's Privy Council, figned by Six of the faid Privy Council.

III.	Provided always, That from, and after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the faid Perfons fo

B 2	committed

Perfons impri-foned for High Treafon, &c. may be detained till July 1,1817, and fhall not be bailed or tried without an Order from the Privy Council.

Aft in Scotland of 1701, fo far as relates to Treafon, fufpended.

Perfons committed there not to be tried, &c. without fuch Order as aforefaid.

Provilu for Per-fons comm itteu

Hosted by Google

C.3.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

after Julyi,

1817.

Provifo for Privileges of Members of either Houfe of Parliament.

Provifo for Perfons againft. whom Indictments for High Treal'on already found.

Secretary of State may order Perfons committed for High Treafon, &c. to be removed to any other Gaol. Perfons fo removed not to be deprived of Right to be tried or difeharged.

Continuance of Act.

Act altered, ice this Seflion.

committed (hall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes in any way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this A61 fhall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprifonment or Detaining of any Member of either Houfe of Parliament during the Sitting of fuch Parliament until the Matter of which he ftands fufpe&ed be firft communicated to the- Houfe of which he is a Member, and the Con-fent of the faid Houfe obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That any Perfon or Perfons in Prifon at the time of paffing this A6t, againft whom any Bill or Bills of Indi&ment for High Treafon have been already found, fhall and may be tried on the faid Indictment as if this A£t had never palled.

‘ VL And Whereas divers Perfons are now'in Cuftody on Charges

*	of High Treafon and Sufpicion of High Treafon, under Warrants

*	from One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or from ( His Majefty’s Privy Council, and it may be highly important that

*	'fuch Perfons as have been or fhall be fecured and detained on fuch 6 Charges under and by virtue of fuch Warrant or Warrants fhould

*	be kept wholly feparate and apart from each other, fo as to prevent

*	all Communication between them and with other Perfons, except c fuch Communication as His Majefty may think fit to permit, and c under fuch Reftri&ions as may be advifable, and Doubts may arife c how far the Powers of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State

*	to change the Places of Confinement of Perfons fo committed ex-

*	tend j and it is expedient to provide that the fame fhall not be fo 4 exercifed as to deprive the Perfons fo committed of any Right to € be tried or difeharged which they might refpedtively have had if

*	their refpedtive Places of Confinement had not been changed P Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties in refpe& thereof, be it further ena&ed and declared, That it fhall be lawful for One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, as he fhall fee Occafion, to order any Perfon committed to any Gaol or other Prifon on any Charge of High Treafon, Sufpicion of High Treafon, or Treafon-able Practices, either before or after Indidftment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prifon, until difeharged by due Courfe of Law, and to iffue all Warrants necefiary for fuch Purpofes : Provided always neverthelefs, that no Perfon who fhall be removed by any fuch Warrant as aforefaid, fhall be by means of fuch Removal deprived of fuch Right to be tried or difeharged, as fuch Perfon would by Law have been entitled to if not fo removed ; and in every cafe in which any fuch Perfon would have been entitled to have been tried or difeharged if fuch Perfon had continued in the Gaol or Prifon to which fuch Perfon was before committed, it fhall be lawful for fuch Perfon to apply to be bailed or difeharged in the fame Maimer as fuch Perfon might have done if fuch Perfon had remained in the Gaol or Prifon to which fuch Perfon was before committed as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That this A<ft fhall continue in force until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That this A£t may be altered, varied or repealed by any A£t or A&8 to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.

Hosted by

Google

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.4, 5.

CAP. IV.

An Aft to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar.	[4th March 1817.]

*	TIT HE REAS it is expedient to extend to the Port of Gibraltar £ VV all the Privileges which were granted to the Trade of Malta € by an Aft palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-c fent Majefty, intituled An Aft to regulate the Trade between Malta £ and its Dependencies and His Majejly’s Colonies and Plantations in

*	America; and alfo between Malta and the United Kingdom ;y Be it therefore enafted'by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft the Trade between Gibraltar and His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and alfo between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom, lhall and may be carried on ' in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, and fubjeft to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the faid recited Aft with refpeft to Malta and His Majelly’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and alfo between Malta and the United Kingdom, as if the fame, were particularly and exprefsly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft ; any Thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. V.

An Aft for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain ; and on PenfionSj Offices and Perfonal Eftates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Perfons receiving Pen lions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.	[4th March 1817.]

[This AH is the fame as 56 G. 3. c, 3. except as to Dates, and as to the SeDions that are here retained.~\ e * XXXVIII. And Whereas His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent has been gracioully pleafed to direft certain Sums to be contributed and paid, from the Civil Lift Revenue, in aid of the Public Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen : And Whereas many Perfons holding Offices and Places in

*	His Majefty’s Service, and others having'or holding Penfions or c other Emoluments derived from the Public, are defirous of contri-‘ buting Proportions of their refpeftive Official Incomes, Salaries,

£ Penfions or other Emoluments, for the fame Purpofe Be it therefore enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or for the Lord High Trea-furer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to give fuch Direftions, for One Year, commencing the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, to the Officers of the Exchequer, and of the feveral Departments of the Civil Lift of Great Britain refpeftively, as may be neceffary for

B 3	giving

55 G.3. c.29.

The Trade of Gibraltar to be carried on as the Trade of Malta under recited A<ft.

Empowering the Tords of the Treafury to effect His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent's and other Perfons’ Intentions, towards the Public Service.

Hosted by Google

6

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

C. 5.

giving Effect to the moft Gracious Intention of His Royal High-nefs in fuch Contribution, and for executing the Intentions of fuch other Perfons as aforefaid ; and no Deduction lhall be made, or Fee, Emolument, or Allowance taken, by any Perfon retaining, receiving, or paying any fuch Contributions as aforefaid.

4 XL. And Whereas by the faid Adi palled in the Thirty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled An Aft for 4 making perpetual, fubjeft to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner 4 therein Jlated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged in Great 4 Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear from the Twenty fifth Lay of 4 March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, it was enabled,

4 that the feveral Duties impofed on Sugar by Three Adis of the 4 Twenty feventh, Thirty fourth, and Thirty feventh Years of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majelly, on Malt, by an Adi made in the 4 Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, and the 4 Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Adi made in the 4 Twenty ninth year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, fhould 4 continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-4 fand feven hundred and ninety-nine and no longer, but fhould from 4 thenceforth ceafe and determine, unlefs the fame fhould be fpe-4 cially continued by Parliament ; which faid feveral Duties were by 4 an Adi made and paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of

*	His prefent Majelly, intituled An Aft for continuing and granting 4 to His Majefiy a Duty on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal Efiates,

*	in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and 4 certain Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobacco and Snuffy for the Service 4 of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, further con-4 tinued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight 4 hundred ; and which, by feveral fubfequent Adis, were further

*	continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand 4 eight hundred and eleven : And Whereas by an Adi paffed in the 4 Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled 4 An Aft for repealing the feveral Duties of Cufioms chargeable in 4 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and 4 by one other Adi made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 4 His prefent Majelly, intituled An Aft to repeal the Duties of Cuf-4 toms payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great 4 Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter 4 granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to 4 the Ealt Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to 4 efiablijh further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on 4 Goods fo imported ; and to alter the Periods for making up andpre-4 fenting certain Accounts of the faid Company to Parliament; to con-4 tinue in force until theTenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred 4 and nineteen ; the faid feveral Duties on Sugar imported from the 4 Eafi Indies were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar fo 4 imported in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Adi, palled in 4 the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled 4 An Aft to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and 4 to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the faid Duties on 4 Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and 4 certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted 4 in lieu thereof: And Whereas the faid Duties on Sugar, and the 4 faid Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with the faid

f 6	4	Duties

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.5.

7

c Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were further continued c until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred c and feventeen Be it further enabled, That the faid feveral Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the faid A6Is granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, fhall be and the fame are hereby feverally and refpeclively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforefaid until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and all the Monies arifing thereby, which fhall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, fhall be entered feparate and diftin61 from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majefty.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That there fhall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that fhall be paid into the Exchequer at Wejlminjler for the faid Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and alfo the Rates and Affeffments hereby granted on Perfonal Eftates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pen-lions, Annuities and Stipends, and all Sums contributed and paid from His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenue, and all voluntary Contributions hereinbefore mentioned, fhall be entered and regiftered apart and diftimft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majefty.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this A61, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, fhall be and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Affeffments granted by this A61 ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time to diredt to be iffued to the faid Paymafters by way of Impreft, and upon Account, fuch Sums of Money, and at fuch Periods as the faid Commiffioners fhall think neceffary, for or towards paying off and difcharging the Exchequer Bills which fhall have been made forth by virtue of this A61, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Intereft to become due on the faid Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills or any of them.

LI. And be it further ena6led, That the Surplus of the Monies arifing from the Rates, Duties and Affeffments granted and impofed by this A6f, and all Sums contributed and paid from His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenue, and all voluntary Contributions, after paying off and fatisfying all the Exchequer Bills iffued by virtue of this A6f, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, fhall, as the Surplus of any fuch Monies refpedfively fhall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wejlminjler, be carried to and made Part of the Con-folidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

The Duties on Sugar, Malt and Tobacco,further continued.

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this A'di to be entered feparate from other Payments.

Exchequer Bills to be charged upon the Rates and Duties granted by this Ail.

Surplus Monies to be carried to Conlolidated Fund.

B 4

CAP.

Hosted by Google

C. 6.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

36 G.

$x.

3- c.7.

,0

S-

^r"<

//V2^t/2

^•!'e laid Pro-l0ns made ierPetual.

CAP. VI.

An A£l to make perpetual certain Parts of an Add of the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majefty’s Perfon and Government againft Treafonable and Seditious Pradbices and Attempts; and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Perfon of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent againft Treafonable Pradbices and Attempts.	[17th	March 1817.]

<	TTTHEREAS by an Adi paffed in the Thirty fixth Year of

<	VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majejly’s Perfon and Government againft Treafonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts, it was amongft other Things enadled, that if any Perfon or Perfons

5 whatfoever, after the Day of the palling of that Adt, during the

5	natural Life of His Majefty, and until the End of the next Sefiion

6	of Parliament after the Demife of the Crown, fhould, within the c Realm or without, compafs, imagine, invent, devife or intend 1 Death or Deftrudlion, or any bodily Harm tending to Death or c Deftrudlion, Maim or Wounding, Imprifonment or Reftraint of 6 the Perfon of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or to deprive c or depofe Him or them from the Stile, Honour or Kingly Name c of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, or of any other of His Ma-c jelly’s Dominions or Countries, or to levy War againft His e Majefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, within this Realm, in order by £ Force or Conftraint to compel Him or them to change His or their 4 Meafures or Counfels, or in order to put any Force or Conftraint c upon or to intimidate or overawe both Houfes or either Houfe of c Parliament, or to move or ftir any Foreigner or Stranger with

*	Force to invade this Realm or any other His Majefty’s Dominions

*	or Countries under the Obeifance of His Majefty, His Heirs and c Succeffors, and fuch Compaffings, Imaginations, Inventions, De-c vices or Intentions, or any of them, Ihould exprefs, utter or declare,

*	by publilhing any Printing or Writing, or by any overt Adi or € Deed, being legally convidled thereof upon the Oaths of Two c lawful and credible Witneffes upon Trial, or otherwife convidled 1 or attainted by due Courfe of Law, then every fuch Perfon, and c Perfons fo as aforefaid offending Ihould be deemed, declared and

*	adjudged to be a Traitor and Traitors, and Ihould fuffer Pains of c Death, and alfo lofe and forfeit as in cafes of High Treafon :

*	And Whereas it is neceffary and expedient that fuch of the Pro-c vifions of the faid Adi as would expire at the End of the next c Seflion of Parliament after the Demife of the Crown Ihould be € further continued and made perpetualBe it therefore enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the hereinbefore recited Provifions which relate to the Heirs and Succeffors of His Majefty, the Sovereigns of thefe Realms, fhali be and the fame are hereby made perpetual.

f II. And Whereas, in confequence of the daring Outrages offered £ to the Perfon of His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent of the

‘ United

Hosted by

Google

57° GEO. III.

9

C. 6.

4 United Kingdom of Great Britain andIreland, in the Exercife and

*	Adminiftration of the Royal Power and Authority to the Crown

*	of thefe Realms belonging, in His Paffage to and from the Parlia-c ment, at the Opening of this prefent Seflion, it is expedient, for 6 the Security and Prefervation of the Perfon of the fame His Royal 4 Highnefs The Prince Regent, to extend certain of the Provifions

6 of the faid A61Be it therefore enadled, That if any Perfon or Compafling, kc,

Perfons whatfoever, after the Day of palling this Adi, during the the Death, Bo-

Period in which His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent fhall re- dily^Harm, &c.

main in the Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority, fhall, within	^ncTex-

the Realm or without, compafs, imagine, invent, devife or intend preffing’theiame

Death or Deftrudlion, or any bodily Harm tending to Death or by Printing, &c,

Deftrudlion, Maim or Wounding, Imprifonment or Reftraint, of the

Perfon of the fame His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, and

fuch Compafiings, Imaginations, Inventions, Devifes or Intentions,

or any of them, fhall exprefs, utter or declare, by publifhing any

Printing or Writing, or by any overt Adi or Deed, being legally

convidled thereof upon the Oaths of Tivo lawful and credible Wit-

neffes upon Trial, or otherwife convidled or attainted by due

Courfe of Law, then every fuch Perfon and Perfons fo as aforefaid

offending fhall be deemed, declared and adjudged to be a Traitor and

Traitors, and fhall fuffer Pains of Death, and alfo lofe and forfeit as

in cafes of High Treafon.	High Treafon,

1 III. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provifions of a 6 certain Adi paffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for regulating c Trials for High Treafon and Mifprifion of Treafon in certain c cafes Be it therefore enadled, That from and after the palling Extending Pro of this Adt, all and every the Claufes, Provifions and Regulations vifions of 39 & in the faid Adi contained fhall extend and be deemed, taken and con- 4°2-* ^c* llrued to extend, to all and every cafe of High Treafon in -com- Hi‘hnefs°The palfing or imagining the Death of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Pnhce Resent, Regent, and Mifprifion of fuch Treafon, where the overt A cl or overt Adis which fhall be alleged in the Indidfment for fuch Offence fhall be Alfalfmation or Killing of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, or any diredl Attempt againll his Life, or any diredl Attempt againll His Perfon whereby His Life may be endangered or His Perfon may fuffer bodily Harm.

IV.	Provided, and be it further enadled, That all and every Per- perfons nccufcd fon and Perfons that fhall at any Time be accufed, or indidled or pro- ot High Treafon fecuted for any Offence made or declared to be High Treafon by this entitled 10 the Adi, fhall be entitled to the Benefit of the Adi made in the Seventh Benefit of Year of His late Majefty King William the Third, intituled An ^ 7 Ann /al A8 for regulating of Trials in Cafes of Treafon and Mifprifion of except in cafes, Treafon; and alfo to the Provifions made by another Adi, paffed in herein men-the Seventh Year of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 tioned. for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms ; fave and except in cafes of High Treafon in compafiing or imagining the Death of any Heir or Succeffor of His Majefty, or the Death of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, and of Mifprifion of fuch Treafon, where the overt Adi or overt Adis of fuch Treafon which lhall be alleged in the Indidtment for fuch Offence lhall be Affafiination or Killing of any Heir or Succeffor of His Majefty, or Affafiination or Killing of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, or any diredl

Attempt

Hosted by Google

Provifo for Pro-fecutions to which Perfons would be liable if this Act had not palTed.

54 G. 3. c. 146.

as to Judgments extended to this Adt.

37 G.3.C.70. G. B. and 37 O. 3.1.

revived and made perpetual.

C.o, 7-	57°	GEO.	Ill,	A.D.1817.

Attempt agamft the Life of any Heir or SuccefTor of His Majefly, or any fuch Attempt againll the Life of the Prince Regent, or any direct Attempt againft the Perfon of any Heir or SuccefTor of His Majefly, or againll the Perfon of The Prince Regent, whereby the Life of fuch Heir or SuccefTor, or the Life of The Prince Regent, may be endangered, or the Perfon of fuch Heir or SuccefTor, or of The Prince Regent, may fuffer bodily Harm.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adt contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent or affedt any Profecution, by Information or Indidtment, to which any Perfon or Perfons would have been or would be liable if this Adt had not been enadted, for any Offence within the Provifions of this Adt, unlefs the Party fhall have been fir ft profecuted under this Adt,

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That the Statute of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to alter the Punifhment in certain cafes of High Treafon> fhall have the fame Effedt as to Sentences and Judgments to be pronounced and awarded under this Adt, as if this Adt had been made and paffed before the faid Adt of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign.

CAP. VII.

An Adi to revive and make perpetual Two Adts of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefly, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punifhment of Attempts to feduce Perfons ferving in His Majefty’s Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majefly, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience.

[ 17 th March 18 17.]

( WHEREAS Two Adts were paffed in the Thirty feventh

<	VV Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the one in the Par-

<	liament of Great Britain, the other in the Parliament of Ireland,

<	each of them being intituled An Ad for the better Prevention and

<	Punifhment of Attempts to feduce Perfons ferving in His Majefly’s * Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His c Majefly, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience : And Whereas c the faid Adts were afterwards continued, but are now expired ; and ( it is expedient and neceffary that the fame fhould be revived and « made perpetual ;’ Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adt, the faid hereinbefore mentioned Adts of the Thirty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Punifhments and Provifions therein contained, fave the Claufes or Provifions therein refpedtively contained limiting the Continuance of the faid Adts refpedtively, fhall be and the fame arc hereby revived and made perpetual*

CAP.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. Ill,

C. 8,9,

11

CAP. VIII.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit.	[i7th March 1817.]

* Y T7HEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of 52,	.3.	c.	149.

6 VV His prefent Majefty intituled An Aft to regulate the Sepa-6 ration of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend 1 out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight 4 without Permit, until the End of Two Tears from the paffing of 4 this Aft : And Whereas the faid Aft was by an Aft made in the 6 Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty continued in force until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 feventeen: And Whereas it is expedient that the faid firft men-4 tioned Aft fliould be further continued : ’ Be it therefore enafted further con-by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and tinued. Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That the faid firft mentioned Aft lhall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. IX.

An Aft for veiling all Eflates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department *, and for granting certain Powers to the faid Comptroller.	[17th	March 1817.]

4	Y Y7 HEREAS an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year of the 45 G. 3. c. 69. c VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for vefing 6 in the Barrack Mafler General for the Time being Eflates held or 4 occupied for the Barrack Service, and authorising him to fell the 4 fame, with the Confent of the Lords Commiff oners of His Majefy’s 4 Treafury : And Whereas another Aft paffed in the forty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for 48 G 3. c. 122. 6 vefling all Eflates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in 4 the Commiff oners for the Affairs of Barracks, and for granting 4 certain Powers to the faid Commiff oners : And Whereas another 4 Aft paffed in the faid Forty eighth Year aforefaid, intituled * An Aft to enable the Commiff oners for auditing Public Accounts > 48G. 3. c.90.

4 and the Commiff oners for the Affairs of Barracks refpeftively, to 4 fend and receive Letters and Packets on the Bufinefs of their Offices^

4	free of P of age : And Whereas the Affairs of the Barrack De-€ partment are now under the Management of a Comptroller of 4 the Barrack Department, appointed for that purpofe by His

4 Majefty, and it is therefore neceffary that all Meffuages, Lands,

5	Tenements and Hereditaments which were by the faid Aft or have 4 fince become vefted in the faid Commiflioners, and all other Mef-4 fuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in any manner ufed

6	and occupied for the Service of the Barrack Department, ftiould

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

12

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Premifes vetted in Com mi (li oners for the Affairs of Barracks, under* recited A6t, and all Mettuages, &c. fiuce purchafed, or which may be purchaled for the Barrack Department, fhall be vetted in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department ;

hut on the fame Terms as they are now held in Truft for His Majefty.

Comptroller, with Confent of the Treafury, may fell Premifes,

C.9.

* be veiled in the faid Comptroller, and that the faid Comptroller

* fhould be enabled to maintain and defend A&ions and Suits in

*	relation to all Contra&s made for the Service of the Barrack < Department, or in any manner relating thereto ; ’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately from and after the palling of this A£t all Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which were by the faid A£l veiled in the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the time being, and alfo all Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which have fince been purchafed or taken or are in any manner now held by any Perfon or Perfons whatever in Trull for or for the Ufe of His Majetly, His Heirs and Succelfors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Lives, or any Term of Years of any other or lelfer Interell, and all Eredlions and Buildings which now are or which fhall be hereafter eredled and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Eafements and Appurtenances to the fame refpedively belonging, (other than and except fuch Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure,) and from and after the Purchafe and Conveyance, Grant or Demife thereof, all other Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which lhall at any time or times hereafter be purchafed by the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, or by any other Perfon or Perfons by his Order, for the Service of the Barrack Department, and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which lhall hereafter be eredled and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Eafements and Appurtenances to the fame refpe&ively belonging, lhall be and become, and remain and continue veiled in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, and his Suc-celfor in the faid Office, according to the Nature and Quality and Ellate and Interell of and in the fame Hereditaments and Premifes refpedtively ; and that upon the Death, Refignation or Removal of the prefent Comptroller, or of any future Comptroller or Comptrollers, all fuch Melfuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments re-fpedlively (other than and except as aforefaid) lhall become veiled in. and be held by the fucceeding Comptroller, and fo in perpetual Succeffion according to the Nature and Quality and Ellate and Interell of and in the fame refpe&ively, in Trull for His Majelly, His Heirs and Succelfors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, or for fuch other Public Service or Services as His^Majelly, His Heirs and Succelfors, lhall from time to time be pleafecj. to di-re6l : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall be con-flrued to veil the faid Premifes upon other terms, with refpedl to former Proprietors, than thofe on which the fame are now veiled in the Perfon or Perfons holding the fame in Trull for His Majelly*

II. And be it further enacted, That it {hall be lawful for the faid Comptroller for the time being, with the Confent and Approbation of the Commiffioners of His Majelly’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or mote of them, (fuch Confent and Approbation to be certified by One of the Secretaries to the faid Commiffioners by Writing under his Hand,)-to fell, or in any manner to difpofe of, or let or demife any of the

Met

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C.9.

13

MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which fhall be veiled in the faid Comptroller for the time being, with their re-fpe&ive Appurtenances, either by public Auilion or private Contrail ; and in due form of law, to convey, aflign and make over the fame to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be, willing to purchafe or take the fame refpeilively ; and alfo to do any other Ail, Matter or Thing, in relation to any fuch MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which fhall be deemed beneficial by the faid Comptroller and the faid Commilfioners to the Public Service,, in relation thereto or for the better Management thereof, which might be done by any Perfon having a like Interefl in MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and no Contrails, Afiignments and Conveyances, in Law or Equity, heretofore made by the faid Com-miflioners for Affairs of Barracks, fhall be deemed invalid, or be in any manner impeached by reafon of no Offer having been firft made to any Perfon having adjoining Lands, or of whom the fame were firft purchafed ; any thing in the faid recited Ails to the contrary notwithflanding.

III.	And be it further enailed, That the Monies to arife and be produced by the Sale of any of the faid MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which fhall be fold under the Provifions of this prefent Ail, fhall be paid by the refpeilive Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof into the Bank of England, and fhall be there placed to the Account of .the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the^ time “being, or to fuch other Account in the Bank of England as the faid Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, fhall direil; and the Receipt of any One of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England for fuch Monies fhall effeilually difcharge the Purchafer or Purchafers by whom or on whofe Account the fame fhall be fo paid into the Bank of England.

IV.	And be it further enailed, That it fhall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to bring, profecute, maintain or defend any Ailion or Suit in refpeit of or in relation to any MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by this Ail veiled in him as aforefaid, or of any Trefpafs committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto, and alfo in refpeil of or in relation to any Furniture, Stores or other Articles, Matters or Things, or any Goods or Chattels whatever belonging to the Barrack Department, or in the Cuflody or Charge of or ufed by any Officer of the Barrack Department or Perfon employed therein, and alfo for the Breach or Non Performance of any Contrail or Agreement, or of any Covenant therein, or for any Matter or Thing in refpeil of or in relation’to any Contrail or Agreement made by any Perfon or Perfons whatever for the Service of the Barrack Department, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Affairs under the Management or Control of the faid Comptroller ; and in every fuch Ailion or Suit the faid Comptroller for the time being fhall be called “ The Comptroller of the Barrack Department,” without naming him ; and no fuch Suit or Proceeding commenced before the paffing of this Ail by the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Barracks fhall abate, but fhall and may after the paffing thereof be car-

• ried on and proceeded in by or in the Name of the faid Comptroller,

as

and to do any other Ad in relation to the Premifes that fhall be deemed beneficial for the Public Service,

Purchafe Money to be paid into the Bank.

Receipt of Cafhier to be a Difcharge.

Comptroller may bring and defend Actions.

How Comptroller to be ftyled in fuch Ad ion.

Hosted by Google

Comptroller may adminifter Oaths.

On Comptroller quitting Office, Money Handing in his Name to be veiled in new Comptroller.

Letters and Packets to Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or lent by him or Deputy, to be free of Portage.

Sending any thing under Cover not relating to the Duties of the Office, Penalty iccl.

Bodies Politic, Sec. may agree for Enfranchife-

c. 9.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817.

as he may deem lit; and no Sait or Proceeding hereafter commenced fhall abate by the Death, Refignation or Removal of fuch Comptroller, any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary n'otwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enadled, That wherever any Accounts, or other Matters or Things relating to any Bufinefs or other Subjedls or Tranfadlions under the Management of the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, fhall be to be verified by any Oath or Affidavit of any Perfon or Perfons, it fhall be lawful for the faid Comptroller of the Barrack Department, the Deputy Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or any Affiftant Infpedlor General of Barracks, or for any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, to adminifter an Oath and take an Affidavit in that Behalf.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That all Monies which (hall at any time hereafter ftand or remain at the time of the Death or Refignation or quitting of Office of any Comptroller of the Barrack Department, in the Bank of England, in the Name of fuch Comptroller, fhall forthwith veil in the Comptroller for the time being ; and from and after the Appointment of another Comptroller, all fuch Money fhall forthwith veil in fuch Comptroller; and fo from time to time in Succeffion.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That all Letters and Packets addreffed to the Comptroller of the Barrack Department refpedlively for the time being, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs relating to the Duties of the Office of the faid Comptroller, fhall be free from the Duty of Poftage; and alfo that all Letters and Packets lent by the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or the Deputy Comptroller for the time being refpedlively, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs relating to any of the Duties of the Barrack Department refpedlively, in manner and form hereinafter diredled, fhall be fent free from the faid Duty of Poftage ; and all fuch Letters and Packets refpedlively fhall be under Cover, with the Words “ Purfuant to Adi of Parliament,'” and “ Barrack Office,” printed upon the fame ; and the Comptroller or his Deputy, or fome Perfon to be nominated from time to time for that purpofe by fuch Comptroller, and vvhofe Appointment for that purpofe fhall be tranfmitted to the Poll Office, fhall write his Name under the fame ; and they and each of them are and is hereby ftridlly prohibited from enclofing or fending under fuch Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting fuch as relate to the Duties of the faid Office.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any fuch Comptroller or Deputy or Clerk as aforefaid refpedlively fhall prefume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforefaid any Writing, Paper or Parcel other than thofe relating to the Duties of the Department, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Coils of Suit by any Perfon or Per-fons by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majeily’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmtnJler, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Protedlion, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed ; one Moiety of which Penalty fhall go to the Perfon who fhall fue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Ufe of His Majefly.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, and all Feoffees

or

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

G 9.

15

or Truftees for charitable or other public Purpofes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees, Curators or Attornies, or fuch of the Owners or Proprietors of or Perfons interefted in any Lands or Hereditaments which have been taken or are now or which may hereafter be held by His Majefty, or by any Perfon in Truft for His Majefty, or in Truft for the Public Service, as (hall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Perfons beyond the Seas, or otherwife incapable of acting for themfelves, to contract and agree with fuch Comptroller or other Perfon or Perfons authorized by him, either for the abfolute Sale of any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Enfranchifement of any Copyhold, or Sale of any Re-verfton after any Eftate or Eftates for Lives, or for the Grant of any Leafe, either for any Term of Years certain therein, or for fuch Period as the Exigency of the Public Service fhall require, and to convey, furrender, demife or grant the fame accordingly ; and all fuch Contra&s, Sales, Conveyances, Enfranchifements, Surrenders, Leafes and Agreements fhall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enabled, That in every fuch cafe of Pur-chafe of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any fuch Reverfion as aforefaid, or of the Enfranchifement of any Copyhold, or Purchafe of any other Intereft belonging to any fuch Body or other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, or not having the abfolute Intereft therein, the fame fhall be paid into the Hands or into the Name of the Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of His Ma-jefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejltninjler, Edinburgh, or Dublin refpedtively, for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of fuch Lands and Hereditaments, who is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Difcharge for the fame, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to fign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the faid Courts of Exchequer refpedtively under his Hand, purporting and fignifying that fuch Money or other Confideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in purfuance of this Adi, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Owners or Proprietors who fhall be named and defcribed in fuch Certificate ; and the faid Certificate fhall be filed or depofited in the faid Court of Exchequer at Wejltninjler, Edinburgh or Dublin refpedlively ; and a true Copy thereof, figned by the Deputy Remembrancer of fuch Court, fhall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; and the faid Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required, upon Receipt of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money as aforefaid, to pay the fame into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Ireland, as the cafe may require ; and immediately upon the filing or depoiiting of fuch Certificate the faid Lands or Hereditaments fhall be and become veiled in the faid Comptroller or other Perfon for the Public Service, to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That the Barons or Judges of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler, Edinburgh or Dublin, of the Degree of the Coif, for the time being refpedlively, or any one or more of them, fhall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered in a fummary way, upon Motion or by Petition for and

on

ment and for Sale of Lands,

Such Contrails, See. valid.

Purchafe Money to be paid to Deputy Remembrancer of Exchequer, for Owners of Lands, See. and to be certined to the Exchequer;

Copy of Certificate figned by Deputy Remembrancer Evidence,

One of the Barons of the Exchequer may give Dire6tious as to the Appli. cation of the Money on Petition or Motion.

Hosted by Google

16

C> 9,10.

57'5 GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

On Death, or Removal of Deputy Remembrancer, Money Scc. to veft in Succeflor.

The Powers of Deputy Remembrancer to veft in the King’s Remembrancer executing the Office in Per Ion.

43	3-

on behalf of any Perfon or Perfons interefted in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money fo paid to and received by the Deputy Remembrancer, or the Intereil or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate diredled to be figned by the faid Deputy Remembrancer concerning the fame as aforefaid, and receiving fuch further Satisfaction as they fhall think neceffary, to make and pronounce fuch Orders and Directions for paying the faid Money or any Part of the fame, or for placing out fuch Part thereof as fhall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Intereil thereof, or any Part thereof, to the refpeCtive Perfons entitled to receive the fame, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon the fame Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes as the faid Lands and Hereditaments fo taken flood fettled at the time of the Payment of fuch Money as aforefaid, as near as the fame can be done, or other-wife concerning the difpofing of the faid Money or any Part thereof, and the Intereil of the fame or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Perfon and Perfons entitled to and interefted in the fame re-fpedlively, or for appointing any Perfon or Perfons to be Truftee or Truftees for all or any of fuch Purpofes, as the faid Court fhall think juft and reafonable.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That upon the Death or Removal of any fuch Deputy Remembrancer, all Stocks and Securities veiled in him by virtue of this Adi fhall veft in the fucceeding Deputy Remembrancer, for the Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, without any Aftignment or Transfer ; and all Monies paid into .the faid Banks refpedlively in purfuance of this Adi, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not veiled in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforefaid,r fhall be paid over to the fucceeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

XIII.	And be it further enadled and declared, That if in any cafe the King’s Remembrancer fhall execute the faid Office in Perfon, then and in fuch cafe the feveral Trufts, Powers and Authorities by this Adi veiled in the faid Deputy Remembrancer and his Suc-ceffors, fhall, during fuch time as no Deputy Remembrancer fhall be • appointed, be vefted in and be executed by the faid King’s Remembrancer for the time being,

CAP. X.

An Adi to regulate the VefTels carrying Paflengers from the

United Kingdom to certain of His Majefly’s Colonies in

North America.	[17th March 1817.]

« IIJ HE REAS by an Adi palled in the Forty third Year of 4 W His prefent Majefty, intituled An A6t for regulating the 4 Veffels carrying Pajfengers from the United Kingdom to His Ma-4 jefy’s Plantations and Settlements abroad or to Foreign Parts, with 4 refped to the Number of fuch Pajfengers, certain Regulations were 4 made with refpedl to the Number of Paflengers to be conveyed on 4 board Britiflo and Foreign Veffels, from the United Kingdom to.

4 Elis Majefty’s Colonies abroad, and to Foreign Countries; And 4 Whereas it is expedient to make fpecial Regulations with refpedl

* to

Hosted by Google

A.D.mT.

57° GEO, III.

C. 10.

17

* to the Conveyance of PafTengers to certain of His Majefty’s Co-€ lonies in North Americaf Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and Not’to appjy t0 after the palling of this A6f nothing in the aforefaid A£f of the Ericiih Veirels Eorty third Year of His prefent Majefty lhall be deemed or taken to carrying Paf-apply to any Britifh Ship or Velfel carrying PafTengers to the Pro- fenSers to vinces of Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunfwicky ana a* ^c* Cape Breton or Prince Edward’s IJland; anything in the faid A61 to the contrary notwithftanding.

IT. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of No Veflel (hall this Adf no Ship or Velfel lhall fail with PafTengers from any Port fail to Canada, or Place in the United Kingdom to any Port or Place in Upper or &c- unlefs the Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunfwicky Cape Bretony or ^o^Bond^th^t Prince Edward’s IJland, unlefs the Mather or other Perfon having t^ere not or taking the Charge or Command of every fuch Ship or Velfel, be taken on and the Owner or Owners thereof, lhall, before the failing of fuch board more Paf-Ship or Velfel from any Port or Place as aforefaid, enter into Se- fengers than by curity by Bond to His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, in the [0^e^ ^c" Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there lhall not be taken on board any fuch Ship or Veflel any more fuch Paf-fengers than are hereinafter permitted and allowed, and that every Paflenger, if alive, lhall be landed at the Port or Place to which fuch Paflenger lhall have contracted to be conveyed ; which Bond lhall be taken by and depolited with the ColleCtor and Comptroller or other Principal Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftomsat the Port from which fuch Ships or Veflels lhall fail; and the Mailer or other Perfon Lift of Paflen-having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veflel, gers to be de-previous to his leaving the faid Port, lhall and is hereby required bvered in man-to deliver to the faid Collector and Comptroller or other Principal ner kere"* Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms at the faid Port, a Lift contain- mentl01ie ing the Number of the faid Palfengers, with their Names, Ages and Defcriptions, and the Places to which they are to be refpedt-ively conveyed, for the Purpofe of being regiftered at fuch Port, together with a Copy of the fame, which Copy lhall be certified by the faid Officers as being correCl and true, and delivered to the And a Copy Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of thereof to be fuch Ship or Veflel, to be by him kept on board the faid Veflel, and certified by Of-fubjeCt to the InfpeCtion of any of His Majefty’s Ships of War or and^delive^ed^o* Veflels in the Service of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife during tbe Mafter, to his Voyage to the aforefaid Colonies ; and upon the Arrival of fuch be kept by him Ship or Veflel at either of the aforefaid Colonies the faid Mafter for the Infpec-or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch tion of Ships of Ship or Veflel lhall deliver the aforefaid Copy of the Lift to the ar* C* Governor of fuch Place or other Perfon adling for him, or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Arrival, or to the neareft Juftice of the Peace, who lhall be required to examine the Palfengers within Twenty four Hours after their Arrival ; and no fuch Paflenger as aforefaid lhall be allowed to land until fuch Lift is compared with the Palfengers by the Governor or other Per-fon ailing for him, or fome Perfon authorized by either of them for that Purpofe.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if the Mafter or other Per- Taking more 57 Geo. III.	C	fon	IknTengm than

Hosted by Google

C. 10.

37° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Palfengersto be apportioned according to the Tonnage of the VelTeL

How Tonnage of Veflels to be taken.

Number allowed, fon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veflel Pena ty 50 . {hall take or have on board his Ship or Veflel, or if the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Veflel (hall engage to take on board, more Perfons than the Number allowed, they fhall refpedtively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Perfon fo taken or engaged to be taken on board,

IV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this A61 it fhall not be lawful for any Ship or Veflel from any Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from Guernfey and Jerjey, to carry to any Port or Place in Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunfwick, Cape Breton or Prince Edwards IJland, a greater Number of Paflengers than in the Proportion of One adult Perfon or of Three Children under Fourteen Years of Age for every One Ton and a Half of the Burthen of fuch Ship or Veflel; and every fuch Ship and Veflel fhall be taken to be of fuch Tonnage or Burthen as is defcribed and fet forth in the refpedlive Certificate of the Regiftry of each and every fuch Ship or Veflel granted in purfuance of the feveral A6ts in force in Great Britain and Ireland refpe£tively relating to fuch Certificates; and if any fuch Ship or Veflel fhall be partly laden with Goods, Wares or Merchandize, then it fhall not be lawful for the Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veflel to receive or take on board a greater Number of Perfons than in the Proportion of One adult Perfon or of Three Children under Fourteen Years of Age for every One Ton and a Half of that Part of fuch Ship or Veflel remaining unladen.

V.	And be it further enabled, That every fuch Ship or Veflel fhall be furnifhed at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage with at leafl Twelve Weeks’ Supply of good and whole-fome Water, fo as to furnifh a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every fuch Paflenger exclufive of the Crew ; and the faid Supply of Water fhall be flowed below the Deck ; and every fuch Ship or Veflel {hall alfo be furnifhed with fuch a Supply of Provi-fions as will afford an Allowance for every fuch Paflenger, exclufive of the Crew, during the faid Period of Twelve Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Bifcuit and One Pound of Beef or Three Quarters of a Pound of Porker Day, and alfo Two Pounds of Flour, Three Pounds of Oatmeal, or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half a Pound of Butter Weekly ; the Weekly Allowance to commence on the Day the Veflel puts to Sea.

VI.	And be it further ena6ted, That the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel failing to give out the Allowance of Provifions and Water hereinbefore fpecified fliall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money for each and every fuch Negle6t and Omifiion.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That an Abftradt of this A61, ftating the Number of Paflengers allowed to be taken, and the Daily and Weekly Allowance of Water and Provifions, fhall be expofed in fome confpicuous Part of the Ship or Veflel to which the faid Paf-fengers have Recourfe; in failure of which the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or

Penalty 10L Veflel fhall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Penalties how to VIII. And be it further enadled. That all Penalties and Forfei-be recovered tures to be incurred under this A6t fliall and may be recovered in

and applied,	12	a	fum-

Water and Provifions how to be apportioned.

Not giving out Allowance of Provifions, Penalty 10I.

Abflrafl of Aft to be expofed in tile Veffel.

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.10,11.

19

a fummary Way on the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witnefles before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftice ur Juflices of the Peace of any County, County of a City, Riding1, Shire or Place in the United Kingdom, where fuch Ship or Veffel fhall depart from or come to in or during fuch Voyage, or in a fummary Way in any Court or Courts of Seffion having Jurifdidlion in the Port or Place at which fuch Ship or Veffel fhall arrive ; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this A61 fhall go and be applied to the Ufe of His Majefly, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall firfl fue for the fame.

IX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A61 fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to repeal, alter or affedf any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom now in force in the United Kingdom or within Great Britain or Ireland refpedfively, for the Reflridlion or Regulation of Artificers and others from or irt going or palling from any Part of the United Kingdom to Parts beyond Sea, or to regulate the Ships or Veffels carrying or conveying fuch Artificers, or the Mailers or Commanders or Perfons having Charge of fuch Ships or Veffels ; but that all fuch Laws, Ufages and Cufloms fhall remain in full Force and Effe£t to all Intents and Purpofes as if this A6t had not been made.

Provifo for Laws for the Regulation of Arti-ficers,&c.leaving the Kingdom.

CAP. XI.

An Acl to facilitate the Progrefs of Bufinefs in the Court of King’s Bench in WeJlminJler Hall. [17th March 1817.]

‘ TT7 HE REAS the Court of King’s Bench at WeJlminJler, by ‘ VV reafon of the great Increafe of Bufinefs therein, has of late ‘ been much occupied during Term in the adding and juflifying of

*	Special Bail, whereby other Bufinefs of great public Concern has

*	been much obflrudled and delayed ; and the fame Inconvenience is ‘ likely ilill to continue unlefs fome Remedy is provided for the

*	fame : And Whereas it would tend materially to remedy this In-c convenience if One of the Judges of the fame Court fhould be en-

*	abled to fit and proceed, when Occafion fhould fo require, upon c the laid Bufinefs of adding and juflifying Bail in fome Place in or

*	near to WeJlminJler Hall other than the ufual Place of Sitting for

*	the whole Court, whilfl others of the Judges of the fame Court i fhould proceed in the Difpatch of the other Bufinefs of the fame

*	Court in their ordinary Place of Sitting in WeJlminJler Hall J Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spirit-ual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for any One of One of the the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench at WeJlminJler, when Oc- Judges of K. B. cafion fhall fo require, to fit apart from the other Judges of the fame maY ^ aPart *°.r Court, in fome Place in or near to WeJlminJler Hally for the Bufinefs ^in| ‘‘ of adding and juflifying Special Bail in Caufes depending in the fame Bail whilfl others Court, whilfl others of the Judges of the fame Court are at the fame of the Judges time proceeding in the Difpatch of the other Bufinefs of the fame *re fitting. Court in Bank, in its ufual Place of Sitting for that purpofe in Wejl-

minjler Hall; and that the Proceedings fo had by and before fuch One of the Judges fo fitting apart for thofe Purpofes fhall be as good

C 2	and

•9<>	C.	11,12.	57° GEO. III.	-A.D.I817-

and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were had before the Court affembled and fitting as ufual in its ordinary Place of Sitting in Weftminijler HalL

C A P. XII.

An Adt for punifhing Mutiny and Defertioir; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[2 I ft March 1817.]

Sentence of Tra importation in India, &c. to be notified by the Officer commanding in Chief to forne Judge of one of the Supreme Courts, who lhall make Order lor fuch Tr a importation.

Officers and Sol-

[Th is Aft is the fame as 56 G. 3. c. 10. except as to Dates, Numbers of Forces, lAc, and the Seftions that are here retained, and except alfo as to Schedule ( N).J

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That whenever any Sentence of Tranfportation paffed by any Court Martial holden in the Eajl Indies, or in Saint Helena, or in His Majefty’s Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by His Majefty’s Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried into execution, or Mercy (hall be extended to any Offender liable to the Punifhment of Death by the Sentence of any fuch Court Martial, upon Condition of Tranfportation, the fame fhall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majefty’s Forces in India, or in Saint Helenay or at the Cape of Good Hopey or in the Ifland of Ceylon, or at any other Foreign Settlement, Ifland, Territory or Country belonging to His Majeffy, within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in the Abfence of the Officer commanding in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to fome Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or the Chief Juftice or other Judge at the Ifland of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any fuch other Settlement, Ifland, Territory or Country refpedtively as aforefaid; and thereupon fuch Judge lhall make an Order for the Tranfportation of fuch Offender upon the Terms and for the time which fhall be fpecified in fuch Notification ; and fhall alfo make fuch other Order or Orders, and do all fuch other Adts confequent upon the fame, as any fuch Judge is authorized to make or do with refpedf to Offenders ordered to be tranf-ported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India; and the Governor and Council of fuch Prefidency, or Governor of fuch Settlement, Ifland, Territory or Country refpe&ively, fhall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Tranfportation of all fuch Offenders accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enadled, That no Officer, Non CommiL

diers imprifoned floned Officer or Soldier, who fhall be arrefted and committed to upon a Charge Prifon upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, (hall receive any Part oVenc^ffiall	^rom	t^ie	Day	Commitment	till	the Day of his

forfeit Right to Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which Pay during their he fhall belong, or which he fhall be ordered to join ; provided that Confinement, if he fhall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed?

he fhall upon his Return to his Corps be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the time of hfs'Con-finement; but if he fhall be convidted he fhall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of his

Con-

Hosted by Google

AD. 1817.

57° GEO. in.

C. 12.

Confinement as well under the original Commitment a9 under any Commitment confequent upon fuch Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which he {hall belong, or which he fhall be ordered to join : Provided always, that it {hall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the Iffue and Payment to any fuch Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during any fuch Commitment or Imprifonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any fuch Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of fuch Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during fuch Commitment or Imprifonment, or after the Difcharge of fuch Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, after ConviChion, or otherwife, as {hall appear to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to fuch Chief or Under Secretary as aforefaid, to be proper; and the Order of the Secretary at War, or fuch Chief or Under Secretary in Ireland, as the cafe may require, for the Payment of fuch Pay or Arrears, {hall be a fufficient Difcharge for fuch Payment.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for any fuch General Courts Martial, by their Sentence or Judgment, to inflift Imprifonment, folitary or otherwife, or Corporal Puniihment, not extending to Life or Limb, as fuch Court fhall think fit, on any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier for Immoralities, Mifbehaviour or Negledl of Duty, or to adjudge a Forfeiture of all Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay, or as to Penfion which might otherwife have accrued to fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service: Provided always, that it {hall not be lawful for any General Regimental Court Martial to award fuch Forfeiture of Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay or as to Penfion as aforefaid, except in cafes of Defertion as before provided for.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this A6t, every Member affilling at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, {hall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame) ; that is to fay,

‘ \/~OU fhall well and truly try and determine, according to your

*	Evidence in the Matter now before you.

‘ So help you GOD.’

*	1	do	fwear, That I will duly adminiller Juflice,

*	according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government 6 of His Majelly’s Forces, and according to an A£l of Parliament 4 now in force for the Puniffiment of Mutiny and Defertion, and 4 other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or 6 Affe&ion ; and if any Doubts fhall arife, which is not explained c by the faid Articles, or A& of Parliament, according to my Con-

*	fcience, the beft of my Underflanding, and the Cullom of War in

*	the like Cafes: And I further fv/ear, That I will not divulge the 6 Sentence of the Court until it {hall be approved by His Majefly,

*	or by fome Perfon duly authorized by Him ; neither will I, 4 upon any account, at any time whatfoever, difclofe or difcover s the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Mar-

C 3	4	tial3

Provifo for liberty to Secretary at War, to iflue Pay during Imprifon-ment or after Difcharge.

General Courts Martial may inflict Corporal Punifhment or Imprifonment, See. for Immoralities, &c.

Officers to be fworn..

Oaths to be taken by all Members of a General Court Martial.

Hosted by Google

■22

C, 12.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Judge Advocate to be fworn.

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers fhall concur, &c.

Hours of Trial.

Witnefles attending Courts Martial to be privileged from Arreft.

Witnefles not attending liable to be attached.

6 tial, unlefs required to give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a < Court of Juftice or a Court Martial, in a due Couri'e of Law.

‘ So help me GOD.’

And fo foon as the faid Oath fliall have been adminiftered to the refpedlive Members, the Prefident of the Court is hereby authorized and required to adminifter to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, an Oath in the following Words :

‘ ^	do	fwear, That I will not upon any account,

‘ at any time whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the Vote or ‘ Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs ‘ required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of ‘ Juftice or a Court Martial, in a due Courfe of Law.

6 So help me GOD/

And no Sentence of Death fhall be given againft any Offender in fuch cafe by any General Court Martial, unlefs Nine Officers prefent fhall concur therein ; (except fuch General Court Martial ffiall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas, out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of -any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in Africa, or in Ne<w South Wales as aforefaid;) and in all cafes where a Court Martial fhall confift of more Officers than Thirteen, and alfo in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in Africa and in New South Wales as aforefaid, when the fame fhall confift of a leffer Number of Officers, then fuch Judgment fhall pafs by the Concurrence of Two thirds at the leaft of the Officers prefent ; and no Proceeding or Trial ffiall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate Example : Provided alfo, that all Witnefles duly fummoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, ffiall, during their neceffary Attendance in fuch Courts, and in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witnefles attending any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law are privileged ; and that if any fuch Witnefs ffiall be unduly arrefted, he ffiall be difeharged from fuch Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued by which fuch Witnefs was arrefted ; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotland\ or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, according as the cafe fliall require, upon its being made appear to fuch Court or Judge, by affidavit in a fummary Way, that fuch Witnefs was arrefted in going to or returning from, or attending upon fuch Court Martial ; and that all Witnefles fo duly fummoned as aforefaid, who ffiall not attend on fuch Courts, ffiall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Seffion or Sheriff’s Depute or Steward’s Depute, or their refpe&ive Subftitutes, within their feveral Shires and Ste war tries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies re-fpedlively, upon Complaint made to the faid Courts of King’s Bench, or Court of Seffion in Scotland, or Courts of I^aw in the Wejl Indies, in like manner as if fuch Witnefs had negledted to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXIX. Pro-

Hosted by Google

a.d. isrr-

57° GEO. III.

e. 12.

23

Licences may be granted for keeping Canteens, by two Juftices, kc.

Perfonswho may apply for fuch

XXXIX. Povided always, and be it further enabled, That if Offenders beany Officer or Soldier, or any other Perfon fubjeft to the Provifions y°nd SeaJ *c* of this Aft fhall in any of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, ^ried or elfewhere be)'-ond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which ’ he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue of this Aft* and fhall after the Commiffion of any fuch Offence go or be fent to any other Station or Part of His Majefty’s Dominions in the Courfe of Service abroad, or come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jer/ey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Iflands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court Martial for fuch Offence, fuch Officer or Soldier or other Perfon fhall be tried and punifhed for the fame at fuch other Station or Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, or within the Realm, or any fuch Ifland as aforefaid, as if the Offence had been committed where fuch Trial fhall take place.

LII. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace, or any Two Magiffrates, within their re-fpeftive Jurifdiftions, to grant or transfer any Licence for felling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or confumed in any Houfe or Houfes or Premifes where more Houfes or Premifes than one fhall be held together by the fame Perfon or Perfons as a Canteen, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame, who fhall hold any Canteen under any Leafe thereof, or any Agree- _ . ment or other Authority from any Two of the principal Officers of Llcences* the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the late Commiffioners for the Affairs of Barracks, or from the Comptroller or other proper Officer of the Barrack Department, without regard to the time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates fpecified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any fuch Licences, any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and it fhall alfo be lawful for His Majefty’s Commiffioners of Excife in jEngland, Ireland and Scotland refpeftively, or any Perfon appointed or employed by the faid Commiffioners in England or Ireland refpeftively in that Behalf, or for any Colleftors or Supervifors of Excife within their refpeftive Diftrifts, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for felling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed in the Houfes or Premifes occupied as a Canteen of the Perfon or Perfons applying for fuch Licence, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors by Retail, to any fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall hold any fuch Canteen under any fuch Licence or Transfer of any fuch Licence of any Juftice or Magiftrate as aforefaid ; and it fhall alfo be lawful What Articles for any Perfon or Perfons holding any fuch Canteen under any fuch Perfons keeping Leafe, Agreement or Authority as aforefaid, and having fuch C^meeas Licences as aforefaid, to keep fuch Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premifes thereto belonging, and not elfewhere,

Viftuals and all fuch excifeable Liquors as he and they fhall be licenfed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permiffion of any fuch Excife Licence as aforefaid, without being fubjeft to any Penalty or Forfeiture; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXI. And be it further enafted, That for the better and more For the provid-regular Provifion of Carriages for His Majefty’s Forces in their ^ Force ^ ^ Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements in jEngland, Marching6in Ireland and Wales> and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all England and

C 4>	Juftices	Ireland,

24

C. 12.

Warrants to fpe-cify the Places to and lrom which the Carriages (hall travel, and the Number of Miles,&c»

Sums for Hire to be paid in Hand at the fame time.

No Penalty or Detention on account of Weight.

57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817*

Juftices of the Peace, within their feveral Counties, Ridings, Divi-fions, Shires, Liberties, and Precindts, being duly required thereunto by an. Order from His Majefty, or the General of His Forces, or the Matter General or Lieutenant General of His Majefty’s Ordnance, if in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majefty’s Forces in Ireland, or other Perfon duly authorized in that Behalf, fhall, as often as fuch Order is brought and (hewn unto One or more of fuch Juftices by the Quartermafter, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company fo ordered to march, iflue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of, or to any Conftable or Conftables adling or having Authority to adt in the Divifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precindt, from, through, near or to which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company (hall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make fuch Provifion of Carriages, and Horfes or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the faid Warrant, allowing them fufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and fpecifying in fuch Warrants the Place or Places from and to which the faid Carriages (hall, by virtue of fuch Orders as aforefaid, be required to travel, alfo fpecifying the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number of Miles only fo fpecified Conftables or Petty Couftables are authorized to demand Payment, which (hall not exceed the Day’s March of the Troops, as prefcribed in the Order produced to the Magiftrate, unlefs in cafe of preffing Emergency or Neceffity, and fhall in no cafe whatever exceed Twenty-five Miles from the Place at which the March (hall commence ; and in cafe fufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any fuch Liberty, Divifion or Pre-cindl, then the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Divifion (hall, upon fuch Order as aforefaid being brought or fhewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforefaid, iffue his or their Warrant to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of fuch next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion or Precinft, as (hall be moft convenient for the Purpofes aforefaid, according to their refpedlive Jurifdidlions, to make up fuch Deficiency ; and the aforefaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforefaid Warrant from the Juftices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Conftable or Petty Conftable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in Hand to the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable, for the Ufe of the Perfon who (hall provide fuch Carriages and Men, the Sums hereinafter mentioned refpedlively, for which refpedlive Sums fo received the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be (lamped) to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame ; and fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable fhall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons having Carriages within their refpedtive Liberties, as they fhall think proper, to provide and furnifh fuch Carriages and Horfes, and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and furniffi the fame accordingly; and no Perfon owning or driving or caufing to be driven any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage ihall be fubjedt to any Penalty or Forfeiture,

uor

Hosted by Google

AJX1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.12.

25

nor fhall'any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be Hopped or detained by reafon of any Weight in any fuch Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen ; but it {hall be lawful for any Owner of any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to thofe prefcribed or paid for under this A<ft ; any thing in any Adf or A6ts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithftanding ; and if any Military Officer or Officers, Officers forcing for the Ufe of whofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company Waggons to the Carriage was provided, fhall force and conftrain any Waggon, travel more than Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel beyond the Diftance fpecified in Warrant^ eci-the Magiftrate’s Warrant, or fhall not difcharge the fame in due time ges or nof differ their return Home on the fame Day, if it be practicable, or fhall charging in due fuffer any Soldier or Servant (except fuch as are lick), or any Wo- time, or forcing man to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforefaid ; or Conftables, fhall force any Conftable or Petty Conftable, by threatening or me-	Horfes

nacing Words, to provide Saddle Horfes for themfelves or Servants, or fhall force Horfes from the Owners, by themfelves, Servants or Soldiers, every fuch Officer for every fuch Offence fhall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Penalty 51,

Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary of War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the MilitaryDepartment, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforefaid Juftices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, and for deducting the fame out of fuch Officer’s Pay.

i LXXV. And Whereas it may fometimes become neceftary, in in cafes of Emer-4 cafes of Emergency, to provide proper and fpeedy Means for the gency Juftices

*	Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accou- ma7 be required 4 trements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to t0 War~

4 His Majefty’s Forces in their Marches, but alfo of the Officers, [^Saddle ^ *

4 Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Perfons of and be- Horfes and Four 4 longing to fuch Forces : And Whereas it is expedient that Provi- wheeled Car-

*	fions fhould be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to fuch Or- riageslet to

*	ders as His Majefty or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go- y^]*11^ a^°

4 vernor in Ireland may in fuch cafes think fit to ilTue, in purfuance

4 of the Powers by Law vefted in him for the Advancement of the 4 general Good and public Welfare of the Realm Be it therefore further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, or fuch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors in Inland, by His or their Order, diftin&ly ftating that fuch cafe of Emergency doth exift, fignified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence by the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majefty’s Forces in any Diftrift or Place, or to the Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provifions at Home, or Perfon a£ting in that Capacity, to authorize fuch General or Field Officers or Agent as aforefaid or Perfon aforefaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting fuch Order of His faid Majefty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforefaid, to require all Juftices of the Peace within their feveral Counties, Ridings, Divifions, Cities, Liberties

and

Hosted by Google

Officers demanding them, to pay in hand for their Hire fuch Sums as the Juftices fhall dire£l.

ConHable to give a Receipt svith-

and Precin&s in England, Ireland, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; and fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall, when and as often as fuch Requifition in Writing as laft mentioned fhall be brought and fhewn unto any One or more of fuch Juftices, by the Quarter Mafter, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company fo ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Commiffariat Department, to iflue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of the County, Divifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company fhall be fo ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make fuch Provillon, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts and Cars kept by or belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, and for any Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, but alfo of Saddle Horfes, Coaches, Chaifes, and other Four wheeled Carriages ufually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpofe ; and alfo of Boats, Barges, and other Veffels ufed for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatfoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horfes to drive, navigate and draw the fame, as fhall be mentioned in the faid Warrant or Warrants therein fpecifying the Place or Diftance to which fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men fhall go and be conveyed, and allowing fuch Conftables fufficient time to make fuch Provifion, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and in cafe fuch fufficient Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men cannot be provided within any fuch County, Riding, Divifion, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precinct, then the next Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or PrecinCt fhall, upon fuch Requifition in Writing as laft aforefaid being brought or fhewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforefaid, iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of fuch next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Divifion, Hundred or PrecinCt, for the Purpofes laft aforefaid, to make up fuch Deficiency ; and the aforefaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforefaid Warrant or Warrants from the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horfes,. Boats, Barges or other Veffels therein mentioned, of the Conftable or Petty Conftable to whom the faid Warrant or Warrants fhall be directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand to the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable, for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall provide fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, fuch reafonable Sum and Sums of Money as the faid Juftice or Juftices fhall in and by his or their faid Warrant or Warrants order and direCt, not exceeding the ufual Rate and Hite of fuch and the like Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular cafe, but making no Allowance for Poft Horfe Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in fuch and the like cafes, for any fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, whilft employed in fuch Service, or returning therefrom) ; for which faid refpe&ive Sum and Sums fo received, the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable is hereby required to give a Receipt in

Writing

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C. 12.

Writing (but without any Stamp) to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame, and fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable fhall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons having fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, within their refpe&ive Liberties, as they fhall think proper, to provide and furnifh fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifh the fame accordingly ; and it fhali and may be lawful in fuch cafes, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Ufe of whom, or of whofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veflels fhall be provided, in fuch cafes to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame refpedlively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents, and other Equipage of fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but alfo the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Perfons of and belonging to the fame, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding ; but if any fuch Officer or Officers fhall force and conftrain any Horfe, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Veffel to travel or proceed beyond the Diftance or Place to be allowed and fpecified in fuch Warrant or Warrants, without the fpecial Licence or Order of One or more other fuch Juftice or Juf-tices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of fuch Juflices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reafonable Difcretion, every fuch Officer for every fuch Offence fhall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace of the fame County, or Riding, Divilion, City, Liberty or Precinft, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforefaid Juflices of the Peace of the fame County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Precindl, and for deducting the fame out of fucli Officer’s Pay.

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That the Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland, fhall be irom time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Proportion to the Eflablifhment of fuch Troop or Company; and the Sums ordered to be advanced as aforefaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers refpedlively, fhall be to them repaid by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majeily’s Treafury for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before one of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of fuch Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforefaid, and an Account of the fame being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account fhall have been certified by the Quarter Mailer General to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations prefcribed by this A61.

* CXIX. And Whereas Soldiers abfent from their Regiments \ on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers are

6 fometimes

27

out Stamp, 2nd to order the Horfes, See. to be provided.

Military Officers may convey on them Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Equip.-age, and alfo th« Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Perfons.

Officers forcing Horfes, &c. to travel beyond the Diftance fpecified in Warrant without Licence.

Penalty 5I.

Number of Carriages for each Troop in Ireland to be regulated by the Lord Lieutenant.

Hosted by Google

C. 12.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181 f.

Certain Officers and Juftices may grant an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame, on account of Sicknefs, &c. on Certificate.

Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier whofe Furlough fhall have been extended, fhall not be liable to be apprehended as a Deferter, &c.

Provifo as to Length of Extenfion.

Provifo as to Subfiftence of Men on Furlough.

Soldiers while confined forDebt not entitled to Pay.

* fometimes prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cafualty 4 from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time 4 limited by fuch Furlough, and Doubtsffiave arifen whether in fuch < cafes the Extenfion of a Soldier’s Furlough by a Juftice of the 4 Peace be fan£tioned by legal Authority and effe&ual for prevent-4 ing fuch Soldier from being apprehended upon Sufpicion of his 4 having deferted his RegimentBe it further enacted, That any Infpe&ing Field Officer ftationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of fuperior Rank, or any Adjutant of the Regular Militia, ftationed within the Diftricft, or in cafe there be no fuch Officer as aforefaid within a convenient Diftance, any Juftice of the Peace may, and is hereby authorized to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame on account of Sicknefs or other Cafualty, which fhall on due Enquiry appear to render fuch Extenfion neceffary ; and that every fuch Officer or Juftice of the Peace, who (hall grant to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier an Extenfion of Furlough as aforefaid, fhall immediately certify the fame, with the Caufe of its being fo granted to the Officer commanding the Corps, Depot or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the Proportion of Pay, to which the Man (hall be entitled, may be remitted to him according to the Rules?-eftablifhed in that refpeft.

CXX. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough fhall' have been fo extended as aforefaid, fhall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwife molefted on the ground of his having deferted the Regiment to which he fhall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally abfenting himfelf from the fame : Provided always*, that nothing in this A£t contained fhall be conftrued to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, whofe Furlough fhall. have been fo extended as aforefaid, from being proceeded againfb and punifhed according to the Provifions of this A<5t, fhould it thereafter appear that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extenfion of his Furlough by falfe Reprefentation made to fuch Officer or Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline: Provided alfo, that no fuch Furlough fhall be extended by any fuch Officer or Juffice of the Peace as aforefaid for any longer Period than One Month, unlefs with the Approbation of the General or other Officer commanding in the Diftridt where fuch Soldier fhall be, or of the Officer commanding the Corps, Depot or Detachment to which the Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier fhall belong.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this A6t the Subfiftence of Men on Furlough fhall be iffued according to the Rules which have been or fhall be prefcribed by His Majefty’s Regulations.

CXXIV. And be it further enabled, That from the palling of this A£l no Soldier being arrefted or confined for Debt in any Prifon, Gaol or other Place, fhall be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day of fuch Arreft or Confinement until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which he fhall belong, or fhall be ordered to join.

SCHE-

Hosted by Google

Aq p0}SOH

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of	committed	to	Confinement at	on	the

Day of	as	a	Deferter	from	the	Battalion of the	Regiment	of

o

o



n

>

y

Age.	Size.		Complexion.	Colour of		Marks.	Probable Date of Inliftment, and in what Diftrift.	Probable Date of Defertion, and from whence.	Name, Occupation and Addrefs of Perfon by whom ap prehended.	-  Reafons for fuf-pebting the Pri-loner to be a Deferter.
	Feet.	Inches.		Hair.	Eyes.					
										

I do hereby certify that the Prifoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circumftances herein ftated, and has declared in my Prefence that he	a	Deferter	from the

before-mentioned Corps*

-----------—	■	■	■ Signature and Addrefs

of Magiftrate.

-	  Signature	of	Prifoner.

——--------------- Signature	of	Informant-

Enquiry* having been made as to the Pn-foner’s Health, it has been reported to me that he in a fit ftate to be removed.

-------------- Signature	of	Magiftrate.

* If any Military Medical Officer be at or near • the Place, he will infpedl the Deferter, and report as to his Fitnefs for Military Service.

14)

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	c.	12.

C. 12.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

oU

After March 25, 1817, every Marine Officer, Non Commillion ed Officer and Private Man,

who (hall mutiny or defert,

&c.

or lift in any ether Regiment, Sr C.

or ffiall be found keeping on or

fhall defert his ?oft, &c.

CAP. XIII.

An Aft for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[21ft March 1817.]

c WT HEREAS it may be neceffary, for the Safety of the United

*	VV Kingdom, and the Defence of the Pofieffions of the Crown € of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine ‘ Forces fhould be employed in His Majefty’s Fleet and Naval Ser-c vice, under the Direftion of the Lord High Admiral or Commif-‘ fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the 6 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas 1 the faid Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on 6 Shore, or fent to do Duty on board Tranfport Ships or Merchant ‘ Ships or Veffels, or Ships or VefTels of His Majefty not being in c Commiffion, where they will not be fubjeft to the Laws relating to

*	the Government of His Majefty’s Forces by Sea ; yet neverthelefs

*	it being requifite, for the retaining of fuch Forces in their Duty, ( that an exact difeipline be obferved; and that Marines who ffiall c mutiny or ftir up Sedition, or ffiall defert His Majefty’s Service, c be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy Puniffiment than the 6 Law will allow Be it enafted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majeity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, if any Perfon being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or ffiall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Com-miffioned Officer or Private Man in any Divifion of Royal Marines in His Majefty’s Service, and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, ffiall remain in fuch Service, or during the Continuance of this Aft ffiall be voluntarily entered and in pay as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Ma-jefty’s Service, and being ordered or employed in fuch Service at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, on Shore in any Place within the faid Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or 011 board any Tranfport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vefiel, ffiall begin, excite, caufe or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or ffiall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majefty’s Service ; or fhall not ufe his utmoft Endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any fuch Mutiny or intended Mutiny, ffiall not, without Delay, give information thereof to His Commanding Officer ; or ffiall defert His Majefty’s Service ; or being aftually entered as a Marine in any Company, ffiall lift himfelf in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Majefty’s Service, without firfl having a Difcharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he laft ferved as a Marine, in which cafe he ffiall be reputed a Deferter; or ffiall be found keeping upon his Poll:; or ffiall leave it before relieved ; or ffiall hold Correfpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majefty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatfoever; or ffiall treat with fuch Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Ma-

jefty’s

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. IS, 14, 15.

Si

jelly’s Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being ; or ffiall ftrike or ufe any violence againft his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office ; or ffiall difobey any lawful command of his Superior Officer ; all and every Perfon and Perfons fo offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Ma-jefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Tranfport Ship or Merchant Ship or Veffel, ffiall fuffer Death, or fuch other P.uniffiment as by a Court Martial ffiall be inflicted.

[This Aft is the fame as 56 G, 3. c. II. except as to Dates, &c. and the Seftion that is retained.]

CAP, XIV.

An A<fl to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for thofe purpofes refpedtively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-nies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	[21ft	March 1817.]

[This Aft is the fame as 56 G. 3.^. 33. except as to Dates* ]

CAP. XV.

An A£t to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, an A£t of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majeftv, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[21ft March 1817.]

6 \ Y7 HE REAS it is expedient that an ACt made in the Forty

*	VV fixth Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Aft

*	for granting, during the Continuance of the prefent War and until c Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, ‘ an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silh Manufaftures

*	of Great Britain; which was continued by an A£t of the laft Sef-4 fton of Parliament until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight

*	hundred and feventeen, ffiould be further continued ;9 Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid A& of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign ffiall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen,

II. And be it further enabled, That this A61 may be altered, amended or repealed by any A 61 or to be parted in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.

or (hall ftrike or difobey hi$ Superior Officer ; to fuffer Death, or fuch Puniih-ment as a Court Martial fhall inffift.

46 G.3. c, no. continued.

Aft may be altered, Sec, this Seffion.

Hosted by Google

32

C. 16, 17-

57° GEO. 111.

A.D.1817-

9 G- J-c.35' §3*

So much of recited A6t as relates to Pre~

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raifing the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.	[29th	March 1817.]

TREASURY may raife 18,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in 4< manner prefcribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.— § 1. The Claufes, &c. in 44 recited A£t extended to this A 61. § 2. Treafury to apply the 44 Money railed. $ 3. Exchequer Bills payable out of Supplies 44 for next Seflion. $4, Intereft not exceeding 31 d. per Cent, per 44 Diem. § 5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after 44 Aprilj, 1818.— §6. Bank of England may advance 12,000,oool. 44 on Credit of A 61, notwithftanding 5 &6W. & M. c. 20. — A6t 44 may be altered, amended or repealed this Seflion. § 8.

CAP. XVII.

An A£t to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, fo much of an A 61 of the Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unlefs the Preemption thereof be offered to the Com-miflioners of His Majefty’s Navy. [29th March 1817.] 4 IT 7 HE RE AS by an A 61 pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign 4 VV of his prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for difcontinuing, 4 upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Draw-4 back of fuch Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties 4 payable upon Iron imported in Britifh Ships ; to prohibit the Expor-4 tation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unlefs the 4 Preemption thereof be offered to the Commifftoners of the Navy ; to * repeal fo much of an Ad made in the Sixth Tear of His prefent Ma~ 4 jejly’s Reign, as difeontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough 4 Hemp exported; for providing a Compenfation to the Clerks in the 4 Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages fuch 4 Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Ad, made in the 4 Fourth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for preventing 4 Frauds and Abufes in relation to the fending and receiving Letters 4 and Packets free from the Duty of Pojlage ; and to explain and amend 4 the faid Ad ; it is amongft other Things enabled, that the Pre-4 emption or Refufal of all Pig and Bar Iron, Mafts, Yards, Bow-4 fprits, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, rough and undrefled Flax, 4 and Tow, fhall be offered and tendered to the Commiflioners of 4 His Majefty’s Navy ; and that fuch Goods fhall not be exported, 4 or entered or laden on board for Exportation, before fuch Tender, 4 or before a Certificate of fuch Tender and Refufal, fhall be pro-4 duced and delivered to the Officer of the Cuftoms, under the Penal-4 ties and Forfeitures therein mentioned : And Whereas it appears 4 no longer neceflary to provide, in time of Peace, a Supply of Naval 4 Stores for the public Ufe by fuch Reftraint on Exportation Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this A6fc, and during the Continuance of Peace, fo much of the faid A& as

relates

Hosted by Google

C. 17, 18.

S3

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

relates to fuch Tender and Refufal of Preemption (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XVIII.

An A£1 to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejiminfler.

[29th March 1817.]

‘ \TTHEREAS the Proceedings on the Common Law Side of ‘ VV the Court of Exchequer have of late Years greatly increaf-4 ed, by reafon whereof a fufficient Proportion of time cannot be 4 allotted for hearing and determining Suits in Equity in the faid 4 Court: And Whereas the Bufmefs of that Court might be more * eafily difpatched if the Lord Chief Baron, or One other of the 4 Barons of the Degree of the Coif, were duly authorized to hear 4 and determine Suits and Proceedings on the Equity Side thereof,

4 as is hereinafter enabledBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Afl the Lord Chief Baron of the faid Court for the time being {hall have Power to hear and determine all Caufes, Matters and Things which lhall be at any time depending in the faid Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity; and that if the faid Lord Chief Baron fhall by Sicknefs, or other unavoidable Caufe, be prevented from fitting for the Purpofes aforefaid, then it lhall and may be lawful for His Majefty and His Succeflors to nominate and appoint from time to time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, revocable at Pleafure, any one other of the Barons of the Degree of the Coif of the faid Court for the time being to hear and determine fuch Caufes, Matters and Things.

II.	And be it further enadled by the Authority aforefaid. That the faid Lord Chief Baron, or the Baron fo to be appointed lhall fit at fuch times as the Lord Chief Baron and fuch Baron lhall refpec-tively, with regard to Matters to be heard before them refpe&ively, appoint, and whether the reft of the Barons of the faid Court lhall be fitting or not; and that all Decrees, Orders, and A6ts of the faid Lord Chief Baron, or of fuch Baron fo appointed as aforefaid, lhall be deemed and taken to be refpeftively, as the Nature of the Cafe lhall require, Decrees, Orders and Atfts of the faid Court of Exchequer, and lhall have Force and Validity and be executed accordingly ; fubjeft only to be reverfed, difcharged or altered by the Houfe of Lords, upon Appeal thereto, and as hereinafter mentioned.

III.	Provided that it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Lord Chief Baron, upon Petition by any of the Parties concerned, to rehear any Caufe or Matter before decided, ordered, adjudged or decreed by fuch Lord Chief Baron, or by any other Baron appointed as aforefaid ; and alfo for any Baron appointed as aforefaid, upon fuch Petition as aforefaid, to rehear any Caufe or Matter before decided, ordered, adjudged or decreed by him the fame Baron, and refpe&ively thereupon to make fuch Order as may be juft.

57 Geo. III.	D

C A P,

eruption, repealed.

The Lord Chief Baron empowered to determine Suits in Equity. If hindered, the King may appoint one other of the Barons.

To fit as the Lord Chief Baron, &c. (hall appoint.

Decrees to have full Force; fubject to Appeal to Houfe of Lords.

Lord Chief Baron or Baron may on Petition rehear Caufes, &c.

Hosted by Google

34

c. 1?.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Meetings of more than Fifty Perfons, (except County Meetings, See. as herein mentioned,)

nut to he holden uithout Notice Heine. given in Tome Nev/tpaper figried by Seven Houfekeepers at the leaft.

C A p. XIX.

An A £1 for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Affemblies.	[31ft March 1817.]

*	TT7 HE RE AS Aflemblies of divers Perfons, colle£led for the 4 VV Purpofe or under the Pretext of deliberating on public c Grievances, and of agreeing on Petitions, Complaints, Remon-

*	{trances, Declarations or other Addreffes to His Royal Highness 4 The Prince Regent, or to both Houfes or either Houfe of Par-4 liament, have of late been made ufe of to ferve the Ends of fac-4 tious and feditious Perfons, to the great Danger and Difturbance 4 of the Fublic Peace, have produced A&s of Riot, Tumult and 4 Diforder, and may beepme the Means of producing Confufion and 4 Calamities in the Nation Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Meeting of any Defcription of Perfons exceeding the Number of Fifty Perfons, (other than and except any Meeting of any County, Riding or Divifion, called by the Lord Lieutenant, Cuftos Rotulorum, or Sheriff of fuch County, or a Meeting called by the Convener of any County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlandU or any Meeting called by Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the County or Place where fuch Meeting {hall be holden, or any Meeting of any County having different Ridings or Divifions, called by any Two Juftices of any One or more of fuch Ridings or Divifions, or any Meeting called by the major Part of the Grand Jury of the County, or of the Divifion of the County where fuch Meeting (hall be holden, at their General Afiizes or General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or any Meeting of any City or Borough or Town Corporate, called by the Mayor or other Head Officer of fuch City or Borough or Town Corporate, or any Meeting of any Ward or Divifion of any City, called by the Alderman or other Head Officer of fuch Ward or Divifion, or any Meeting of any Corporate Body), fhall be holden for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of confidering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remon-ftrance or Declaration, or other Addrefs to The King, or to His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, or to both Houfes or either Houfe of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters eftablifhed in Church or State, or for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Grievance in Church or State, unlefs Notice of the Intention to hold fuch Meeting, and of the time and Place when and where the fame fhall be propofed to be holden, and of the Purpofe for which the fame fhall be propofed to be holden, fhall be given, in the Names of Seven Perfons^at the leaft, being Houfeholders refident within the County, City or Place where fuch Meeting fhall be propofed to be holden, whofe Places of Abode and Defcriptions fhall be inferted in fuch Notice, and which Notice fhall be given by public Advertife-ment in fome public Nevvfpaper ufually circulated in the County and Divifion where fuch Meeting fhall be holden, Five Days at the leaft before fuch Meeting fhall be holden, or fhall be delivered in manner hereinafter mentioned; and that fuch Notice fhall not be inferted in any fuch Newfpaper unlefs the Authority to infert fuch Notice

fhall

Hosted by Google

A.D, 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

85

(hall be figned by Seven Perfons at the leaft, being Houfeholders refident within the County, City or Place where fuch Meeting fhall be propofed to be holden, and named in fuch Notice, and unlefs fuch Authority fo figned fhall be written at the Foot of a true Copy of fucli Notice, and fhall be delivered to the Perfon required to infert the fame in any fuch Newfpaper as aforefaid, which Perfon fhall caufe fuch Notice and Authority to be carefully preferved, and fhall alfo at any time after fuch Notice fhall have been inferted in fuch Paper, and within Fourteen Days after the Day on which fuch Meeting fhall be had, produce fuch Notice and Authority, and caufe a true Copy thereof (if required) to be delivered to any Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where fuch Perfon fhall refide, or where fuch Newfpaper fhall be printed, and who fhall require the fame ; and in cafe any Perfon fhall infert any fuch Notice in any Newfpaper without fuch Authority as aforefaid, or in cafe any Perfon to whom any fuch Notice and Authority fhall have been delivered for the Purpofe of inferting fuch Notice in any fuch Newspaper as aforefaid fhall refufe to produce fuch Notice and Authority, or to deliver a true Copy thereof, being thereunto required as aforefaid, within Three Days after fuch Production and Copy or either of them fhall have been fo required, every fuch Perfon, for every fuch Offence, fhall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

II.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further ena£ted, That it fhall be lawful to deliver any fuch Notice as aforefaid, figned by the Seven Perfons in whofe Names fuch Notice fhall be given, with their Places of Abode and Defcription, Five Days at the leaft before the Day on which fuch Meeting fhall be holden, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Divifion, within which fuch Meeting fhall be propofed to be holden ; and fuch Notice fo given by fuch Means as aforefaid fhall be as effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been given by Public Advertifement inferted in any fuch Newfpaper as aforefaid ; and fuch Clerk of the Peace fhall forthwith and without Delay, fend a true Copy of fuch Notice, with fuch Signatures and Additions as aforefaid, to Three Juftices of the Peace at the leaft, of fuch County, Riding, or Divifion, or in cafe the Juftices of the Peace of the City, Borough or Town where fuch Meeting fhall be propofed to be holden, fhall have exclufive Jurifdidlion, then to Three of fuch Juftices, if fo many fhall then be refident within fuch JurifdiCtion, and if not, then to fo many of fuch Juftices as fhall be refident within fuch exclufive JurifdiCHon.

III.	And be it further enadfed, That all Meetings of any Defcription of Perfons, exceeding the Number of Fifty Perfons, other than and except as aforefaid, which fhall be holden without fuch previous Notice as aforefaid, for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of conlidering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonftrance, Declaration or other Addrefs to The King, or Prince Regent, or both Houfes or either Houfe of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters eftablifhed in Church or State, or for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, fhall be, deemed and taken to be unlawful Affemblies.

IV. And be it further enadted, That it fhall not be lawful to adjourn any Meeting that fhall be holden under and by virtue of fuch previous Notice, to any time after the Day fpecified in fuch

D 2	Notice,

Such Avithomy figned to be written st the Foot of a true Copy of Notice, &c.

Inferting fuch Notice without Authority, Sec.

Penalty 50I.

Notice may be given to Clerk of the Peace, who fhall fend a Copy toThree J uftices at the leaft.

Meetings without Notice to be deemed unlawful Aftemblies.

Reipe£Vmg Ad journmems of Meetings, ire.

Hosted by Google

3'S

C. 19.

57° GEO; I IK

AvTemblinc contrary to A A not dilperuilg within one Hour after being required fo to do by Proclamation to the Number of T-welve or more,

Death.

1'orm of Proclamation.

Klee tings held in jmrfuance of Notice, where Notice exprelTcS certain Particulars herein mentioned, to be dif-pe-rlu-d by Proclamation.

A.D, 13i:

Notice, for holding fuch Meeting,, or to any other Place than that at which fuch Meeting (hall firft be holden in purfuance of fuch previous Notice ; and that any Meeting of any Defcription of Per-fons, exceeding the Number of Fifty Perfons (except as aforefaid), which {hall be holden by way of or under Pretence of being, an Adjourned Meeting, for the Purpofe of or on the Pretext of confi-dering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonftrance, Declaration or other Addrefs to The King, or Prince Regent, or both Houfes or either Houfe of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters eftablifhed in Church or State, or for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, (hall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful Aflembly.

V.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfons exceeding the Number of Fifty fhallbe affembled contrary to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, it (ball and may be lawful for any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or the Sheriff of the County in which fuch Aflembly fhall be, or his Under Sheriff, or the Mayor or other Head Officer or Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate where fuch Aflembly fhall be, by Proclamation to be made in The King’s Name, in the Form hereinafter directed, and he and they are hereby required to make or caufe to be made Proclamation in the King’s Name, to command all Perfons there affembled to difperfe themfelves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Bufinefs ; and if any fuch Perfons fhall, to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithftanding fuch Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of One Hour after fuch Proclamation made, that then fuch continuing together to the Number of Twelve or more fhall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fufler Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further etia&ed, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation to be made as aforefaid, fhall be as hereafter fob lovveth ; (that is to fay,) the Juftice of the Peace, or other. Perfon, or One of the Juftices of Peace, or One of the other Perfons authorized by this A& to make the faid Proclamation, fhall, among the faid Perfons affembled,- or as near to them as he can fafely come, with a loud Voice, command or caufe to be commanded Silence to be while Proclamation is making ; and after that fhall openly and with loud Voice make or caufe to be made Proclamation in thefe Words, or like in Effect:

“ Our Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth “ all Perfons here affembled immediately to difperfe them-a felves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or “ to their lawful Bufinefs, upon Pain of Death.

“ GOD SAVE THE KING I”

VII.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any Meeting fhall he holden in purfuance of any fuch Notice as aforefaid, and fuch Notice, or any Matter which fhall be in fuch Notice propofed to be propounded or deliberated upon at fuch Meeting fhall exprefs or purport that any matter or thing by law eftablifhed may be altered, othervvife than by the Authority of The King, Lords and Commons, in Parliament affembled, or fuch Notice, or any matter therein contained, fhall tend to incite or ftir up the People to Hatred or

Contempt

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

57

Contempt of the Perfon of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or of the Government and Conftitution of this Realm as by Law efta-bliffied, it fliall be lawful for One or more Juftice or Juftices of <he Peace, or the Sheriff of the County where fuch Meeting {hall be, or his Under Sheriff, or for the Mayor or other Head Officer, or any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate where any fuch Meeting ffiall be, by Proclamation in The King’s Name, in the manner and Form hereinbefore fet forth, to command the Perfons there affembled to difperfe themfelves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Bufinefs ; and if any Perfons, to the Number of Twelve or more, being fo Perfons to the commanded by Proclamation made, to difperfe themfelves and Number of peaceably to depart to their Habitations or to their lawful Bufinefs, d^GeiVn ^ ffiall, to the Number of Twelye or more, notwithftanding fuch Pro- within one Hom-clamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of One after Proclama-Hour after fuch Proclamation made, that then fuch continuing tion made, together, to the Number of Twelve or more, ffiall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein ffiall be adjudged Felons, and ffiall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony, with- Death, out Benefit of Clergy.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any one or more Juftice Obftru£fing Juf-

or Juftices of the Peace, or the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the	jers^'

County, prefent at any Meeting therein requiring fuch Notice as j^0 Cuftody, aforefaid, or the Mayor or other Head Officer, or Juftice of the

Peace or Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, prefent at any Meeting therein requiring fuch Notice as aforefaid, ffiall fee Cairfe to order, and ffiall order any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall at fuch Meeting proceed to propound or maintain any Propofttion for altering any thing by Law eftabliffied, otherwife than by the Authority ot The King, Lords and Commons, in Parliament affembled, or ffiall wilfully and advifedly make any Propofttion, or hold any Difcourfe for the Purpofe of inciting and ftirring up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Perfon of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or the Government and Conftitution of this Realm as by Law eftabliffied, to be taken into Cuftody to be dealt with according to Law ; then and in cafe the faid Juftice or Juftices, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer or Magiftrate prefent at fuch Meetings refpediively, or any of them refpedlively, or any Peace Officer adling under their or any of their Orders, ffiall be obftrudled in taking into Cuftody any Perfon or Perfons fo ordered to be taken into Cuftody, it ffiall be lawful for any fuch Juftiee or Juftices, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Plead Officer or Magiftrate refpe&ively, thereupon to make or caufe to be made fuch Proclamation as aforefaid in manner and Form aforefaid ; and if any Perfons to the Number of and Proc}ama-Twelve or more, being commanded by fuch Proclamation to difperfe ^l^ereu^on themfelves and peaceably to depart as aforefaid, ffiall to the Number made, and Per-of Twelve or more, notwithftanding fuch Proclamation made, remain tons to the Num-or continue together by the Space of One Hour after Proclamation ber of Twelve or made, that then fuch continuing together to the Numbermf Twelve ^0Jre re^ldll‘b1§ or more ffiall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the j^err 1 a° ne Offenders therein ffiall be adjudged Felons, and ffiall fuffer Death as Death, ia cafe of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That every Juftice and Juftices of Power to Juf-tke Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor and other Head Officer tices to refort to

D 3	and	Alferoblies, and

Hosted by Google

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

require AfHIl-auce of Civil Power.

Perfons not dif-j»erfing within O ue Hour to be apprehended and proceeded againft.

Jullices, &c. indemnified in cafe of killing or maiming.

and Magiftrate aforefaid, is and are hereby refpedlively authorized and empowered, on Notice or Knowledge of any fuch Meeting or Affembly as is hereinbefore mentioned, to refort to the Place where fuch Meeting or Affembly (hall be, or fhall be intended to be holden> or to any Part thereof, and there to do or order, or caufe to be done, all fuch A6ts, matters and things as the cafe may require, which they are hereby enabled to do or order to be done, or which they are otherwife by Law enabled to do or order to be done ; and it fhall be lawful for all and every Jullices of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer and Magiftrate refpe&ively as aforefaid, to take and require the Affiftance of any Number of Conftables or other Officers of the Peace within their refpedlive Diftri&s, or within the Diftrift or Place wherein every fuch Meeting as hereinbefore mentioned fhall be holden, which Conftables and other Officers of the Peace are hereby required to attend accordingly, and to give fuch Affiftance as fhall be neceffary for the due Execution of this A&.

X. And be it further enacted. That if fuch Perfons fo affembled as aforefaid, or Twelve or more of them, after Proclamation made in manner and Form aforefaid, fhall continue together and not difperfe themfelves within One Hour, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for every Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County where fuch Affembly fhall be, and alfo to and for every High or Petty Conftable, and other Peace Officer within fuch County, and alfo to and for every Mayor, Juftice of the Peace, Head Officer, Magiftrate, High or Petty Conftable, and other Peace Officer, of any City or Town Corporate where fuch Affembly fhall be, and to and for fuch other Perfon and Perfons as fhall be commanded to be affifting unto any fuch Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer and Magiftrate refpedfively as aforefaid, who are hereby authorized and empowered to command all His Majefty’s Subjects, of Age and Ability, to be affifting to them therein, to feize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to feize and apprehend fuch Perfons fo affembled and continuing together after Proclamation made as aforefaid, and forthwith to carry the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehended before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the County or Place where fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be fo apprehended, in order to his, her or their being proceeded againft for fuch Offences according to Law ; and that if the Perfons fo affembled, or any of them, fhall happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the difperfmg, feizing or appre. hending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize or apprehend them, by reafon of their refilling the Perfons fo difperfing, feizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize or apprehend them, that every fuch Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer, Magiftrate, High or Petty Conftable or other Peace Officer, and all and lingular Perfons being aiding and affifting to them or any of them, fhall be free, difeharged and indemnified, as well againft The King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, as againft all and every other Perfon and Perfons, of, for or concerning the killing, maiming or hurting of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo continuing together as aforefaid that fhall happen to be fo killed, maimed or hurt as aforefaid.

XI. Pro.

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

39

XI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons do or fhall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly oppofe, obftrudl, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Juftice of the Peace, or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, who fhall attend any fucli Meeting as afore-faid, or who fhall be going to attend any fuch Meeting, or any Perfon or Perfons who fhall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to any Proclamation hereby diredled to be made, whereby fuch Proclamation fhall not be made, that then every fuch oppofing, obftrudling, letting, hindering or hurting any fuch Juftice or other Perfons fo authorized as aforefaid, and fo attending or going to attend any fuch Meeting, or any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo beginning or going to make any fuch Proclamation as aforefaid, fhall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; and the Offenders therein fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fuffer Death as in cafe of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that alfo every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo being affembled as aforefaid, to the Number of Fifty-or more as aforefaid, to whom any fuch Proclamation as aforefaid fhould or oiight to have been made, if the fame had not been hindered as aforefaid, fhall likewife, in cafe they -or any of them, to the Number of Twelve or more, fhall continue together and not difperfe themfelves within One Hour after fuch Let or Hindrance fo made, having Knowledge of fuch Let or Hindrance fo made, fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fuffer Death as in cafe of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; and that alfo if any Perfon or Perfons fo being at any fuch Affembly as aforefaid, fhall with Fofce and Arms wilfully and knowingly oppofe, obftrudl, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Juftice of the Peace or other Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in apprehending or taking into Cuftody, in Execution of any of the Provifions of this Adi hereinbefore contained, any Perfon or Perfons, or endeavouring fo to do, that then every fuch oppofing, obftru&ing, letting, hindering or hurting, fhall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and the Offenders therein fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fuffer Death as in cafe of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Subftitutes, Stewards Depute and their Subftitutes, Juftices of the Peace, Magiftrates of Royal Boroughs and all other inferior Judges and Magiftrates, and alfo all High and Petty Conftables or other Peace Officers of any County, Stewartry, City or Town, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall have fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this prefent Adi in Execution within Scotland, as the Juftices of the Peace and other Magiftrates and Conftables aforefaid refpedlively have by virtue of this Adi, within and for the other Parts of his Kingdom ; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall at any time be convidled of any of the Felonies aforementioned, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall for every fuch Offence incur and fuffer the Pains of Death and Confifcation of Moveables.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted and declared, That nothing herein contained fhall be deemed or conftrued to render lawful any Notice, or the Adi of giving or publifhing any Notice, according to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, which Notice Or

D 4	Adi

Perfonsobfl ruling Juftice**, t'r.

Death.

Perfons fo affembled, to whom Proclamation, if not ob-ftru&ed, would have been made, knowingly remaining, Death.

Such Perfons obftru&ing Juf-ticec, &c.

Death.

Sheriffs Depute in Scotland to have the fame Powers as Magiftrates in England.

Notices contrary to Law not hereby rendered lawful.

Hosted by Google

40

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Places for Lectures or Debates, receiving Money, &c. uni els previoufly licenfed, deemed to be diforderly Places.

Opening fuch Places, Penalty tool.

Conducing the Proceedings, &c. at fuch Places, Uc.

Penalty a cl.

What Perl'ons deemed to have opened, ice. fuch Places.

Magiftrates may demand Admif-fion to fufpe£fed Places.

A61 would have been contrary to Law if this Ad! had not been made.

( XIV. And Whereas divers Places have of late been ufed for de-c livering Ledlures or Difcourfes, and holding Debates, which c Ledlures, Difcourfes or Debates have in many Inflances been of a ‘ feditious and immoral Nature Be it further enadled, Thai every Houfe, Room, Field or other Place, at or in which any Ledlure or Difcourfe {hall be publicly delivered, or any public Debate (hall be had, on any Subject whatever, for the Purpofe of raifing or collecting Money or any other valuable thing, from the Perfons admitted, or to which any Perfon (hall be admitted by Payment of Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any Kind delivered in confideration of Money, or any other valuable thing, or in confequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, any Money or other valuable thing, or where any Money or other valuable thing fhall be received from any Perfon admitted, either under Pretence of paying for any Refrefhment or other thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Caufe, or by means of any Device or Contrivance whatever, fhall be deemed a diforderly Houfe or Place, unlefs the fame fhall have been previoufly licenfed in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and the Perfon by whom fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place fhall be opened or ufed, for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds for every Day or Time that fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place fhall be opened or ufed as aforefaid, to fuch Perfon as will fue for the fame, and be otherwife punifhed as the Law diredls in cafes of diforderly Houfes; and every Perfon managing or condudling the Proceedings, or adting as Moderator, Prefident, or Chairman at fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place, fo opened or ufed as aforefaid, or therein debating, or delivering any Difcourfe or Ledlure, and alfo every Perfon who fhall pay, give, colled! or receive, or agree to pay, give, colled! or receive, any Money or any Thing for or in refpedl of the Admiflion of any Perfon into any fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place, or {hall deliver out, diftribute, or receive any fuch Ticket or Tickets, or Token or Tokens as aforefaid, knowing fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place to be opened or ufed for any fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That any Perfon who fhall at any time hereafter appear, ad! or behave him or herfelf as Mailer or Miftrefs, or as the Perfon having the Command, Government or Management of any fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be a Perfon by whom the fame is opened or ufed as aforefaid, and fhall be liable to be fued or pro-fecuted and punifhed as fuch, notwithftanding he or lhe be not in fad! the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enad!ed. That it fhall be lawful for any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, who fhall, by Information upon Oath, have reafon to fufped! that any Houfe, Room, Field or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is opened or ufed for the Purpofe of delivering Led!ures or Difcourfes, or for public Debate, contrary to the Provifions of this Ad!, to go to fuch Houfe, Room, Field or

Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in

ii

cafe fuch Juflice

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

41

Juftice or Juftices fhall be refufed Admittance to fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place, or any Part thereof, the fame fhall be deemed a diforderly Houfe or Place within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and all and every the Provifions hereinbefore contained refpefting any Houfe, Room, Field or Place, hereinbefore declared to be a diforderly Houfe or Place, fhall be applied to fuch Houfe, Room, Field or Place, where fuch Admittance fhall have been refufed as aforefaid, and every Perfon refufing fuch Admittance, fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any Houfe, Room or other Building fhall be intended to be opened for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their General Quarter or General Sefiions of the Peace, or at any Special Seflion to be held for the particular Purpofe, to grant a Licence to any Perfon or Perfons defiring the fame, to open fuch Houfe, Room or other Building, for the Purpofe of delivering for Money any fuch Leftures or Difcourfes as aforefaid, or for the Purpofe of holding Debates on any Subjefts, the fame being clearly expreffed in fuch Licence, for which Licence a Fee of One Shilling and no more fhall be paid ; and the fame fhall be in Force for the Space of One Year and no longer, or for any lefs Space of time therein to be fpecified ; and which Licence it fhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace of the fame County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, at any General Quarter or General Seftions of the Peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in force, by any Order of fuch Juftices ; a Copy whereof fhall be delivered to or ferved upon the Perfon to whom the faid Licence fo revoked fhall have been granted, or fhall be left at the Houfe, Room or Building for which fuch Licence fhall have been granted ; and thereupon fuch Licence fhall ceafe and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no Effeft.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That it fhall be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any fuch Houfe, Room or other Building fhall be licenfed as herein provided, to go to fuch Houfe, Room or Building fo licenfed, at the time of delivering any fuch Lefture or Difcourfe, or of holding any Debate therein, as aforefaid, or at the time appointed for delivering any fuch Lefture or Difcourfe, or of holding any Debate, and demand to be admitted therein; and in cafe fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall be refufed Admittance to fuch Houfe, Room or Building, the fame fhall be deemed, notwithftanding any fuch Licence as aforefaid, a diforderly Houfe or Place within the meaning of this Aft ; and all and every the Provifions hereinbefore contained refpefting any Houfe, Room, Field or Place hereinbefore declared to be a diforderly Houfe or Place, fhall be applied to fuch Houfe, Room or Building, fo licenfed as aforefaid, where fuch Admittance fhall have been refufed as aforefaid ; and every Perfon refufing fuch Admittance fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to any Perfon who ^hall fue for the fame.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That it fhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace, afting for any County, Stewartry,

Refufing Admittance, deemed a diforderly Place, and Penalty sol.

Two J uftices may licenfe Places for Lectures, &c.

Fee for Licence.

Licences may be revoked.

Copy of Order revoking to be ferved.

Juftices may in-fpect licenfed Places.

Refufing Admittance, deemed a diforderly Place, and

Penalty 2ol.

In cafe of fedi-tious or immoral Leftures, Two

C. 19.

570 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Juftices may declare Licence forfeited.

Provifo for Lectures at the Universities, Inns of Court, Grefham College, &c.

and for Payments to School-matters for Ledlures.

Limitation <?f Prosecutions.

Commencement and Duration of A6t as to all the foregoing Claules.

Regulating the Place of Public Meetings in Weftminfter.

artry, Riding, Divifion, City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any Houfe, Room or Place, fo licenfed and opened as aforefaid, is commonly ufed for the Purpofe of delivering there Ledures or Difcourfes of a feditious or immoral Tendency, to adjudge and declare the Licence for opening the fame to have been forfeited, and fuch Licence fhall thereupon ceafe and determine, and fhall thenceforth be utterly void and of no Effed.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend or be conflrned to extend to any Ledure or Difcourfes to be delivered in any of the Univerfities of thefe Kingdoms by any Member thereof, or any Perfon authorized by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of fuch Univerfities refpedively; or to any Ledure or Difcourfe to be delivered in the Public Hall of any of the Inns of Court of Chancery, by any Perfon authorized by the Benchers of the Inns of Court, or by the ProfefTors in Grejham College, or to the ProfefTors in the College eftablifhed for the Education of the Civil Servants of the Ecijl India Company, or the Seminaries eftablifhed for the Education of their Military Service, or to any Society or Body of Men incorporated or eftablifhed by Royal Charter, or by Authority of Parliament; and that no Payment made to any Schoolmafter or other Perfon by Law allowed to teach and inftrud Youth, in re-fped of any Ledures or Difcourfes delivered by fuch Schoolmafter or other Perfon for the Inftrudion only of fuch Youth as fhall be committed to his Inftrudion, fhall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admiffion to fuch Ledures or Difcourfes within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

XXI.	Provided always, That no Perfon fhall be profecuted by virtue of this Ad for any thing done or committed contrary to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, unlefs fuch Profecution fhall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

XXII.	Provided always, That all the Claufes and Provifions hereinbefore contained fhall commence and have effed within the City of London, and within Twenty Miles thereof, from the Day next after the Day of paffing this Ad ; and fhall commence and have effed, within all other Parts of the Kingdom, from the Expiration of Seven Days next after the Day of paffing this Ad ; and fhall be and continue in force until the Twenty-fourth day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

* XXIII. And Whereas it is highly inexpedient that Public e Meetings or Affemblies fhould be held near the Houfes of Par-

*	liament, or near His Majefty’s Courts of Juftice in Wejlmlnjler

*	Hall, on fuch Days as are hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enaded, and it is hereby enaded, That it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to convene or call together, or to give any Notice for convening or calling together, any Meeting of Perfons confifting of more than Fifty Perfons, or for any Number of Perfons exceeding Fifty to meet in any Street, Square, or open Place in the City or Liberties of Wejlmlnjler, or County of Middlefex, within the Diftance of One Mile from the Gate of Wejlmlnjler Hally fave and except fuch Parts of the Parifh of Saint Pauls Covent Garden as are within the faid Diftance, for the Purpofe or on the Pretext of confidering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonftrance,

'	Declaration,

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

€.19.

43

Declaration, or other Addrefs to The King, or to His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, or to both Houfes or either Houfe of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters in Church or State, on any Day on which the Two Houfes or either Houfe of Parliament fhall meet and fit, or fhall' be fummoned or adjourned or prorogued to meet or fit, nor on any Day on which His Majefty’s Courts of Chancery, King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or any of them, or any Judge of any of them, fhall fit in Wejlminjler Hal/, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding; and that if any Meeting or AfTembly, for the Purpofes or on the Pretexts aforefaid, of any Perfons, fhall be affembled or hoiden on any fuch Day, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Enadlment, fuch Meeting or AfTembly fhall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful AfTembly, by whomfoever or in confequence of what Notice foever fuch Meeting or AfTembly fhall have been hoiden : Provided that nothing in this Enadlment contained fhall by any Conftrudlion whatever be deemed or taken to apply to or affedl any Meeting convened, called or. hoiden for the Eledlion of Members of Parliament, or any Perfons attending fuch Meeting, or to any Perfons attending upon the Bufinefs of either Houfe of Parliament or any of the faid Courts.

‘ XXIV. And Whereas divers Societies or Clubs have been in-4 ftituted, in the Metropolis and in various Parts of this Kingdom,

‘ of a dangerous Nature and Tendency, inconfiflent with the Pub-4 lie Tranquillity, and the Exiftence of the eftablifhed Government,

4	Laws and Conflitution of the Kingdom ; and the Members of 4 many of fuch Societies or Clubs have taken unlawful Oaths and

4	Engagements of Fidelity and Secrecy, and have taken or fub-

5	feribed, or afTented to, illegal Tells and Declarations; and many 4 of the faid Societies or Clubs eledl, appoint or employ Com-c mittees, Delegates, Reprefentatives or Miffionaries of fuch So-* cieties or Clubs, to meet, confer, communicate or correfpond with 4 other Societies or Clubs, or with Delegates, Reprefentatives or 4 Miffionaries of fuch other Societies or Clubs, "and to induce and

6	perfuade other Perfons to become Members thereof, and by fuch 6 means maintain an Influence over large Bodies of Men, and de-4 lode many ignorant and unwary Perfons into the Commiffion of c Adis highly criminal: And Whereas certain Societies or Clubs 4 calling themfelves Spenceans or Spencean Philanthropies, hold and 4 profefs for their Objedt the Confifcation and Divifion of the Land,

4	and the Extindlion of the Funded Property of the Kingdom :

4	And Whereas it is expedient and neceflary that all fuch Societies 6 and Clubs as aforefaid fhould be utterly fupprefied and prohi-4 bited as unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, highly dan-4 gerous to the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, and to the 4 Conflitution of the Government thereof, as by Law eftablifhed y Be it ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this Adi, all Societies or Clubs calling themfelves Spenceans or Spencean Philanthro-ptjlsy and all other Societies or Clubs, by whatever Name or Defcription the fame are called or known, who hold and profefs, or who fhall hold and profefs, the fame Objedls and Dodlrines, fhall be and the fame are hereby utterly fuppreffed and prohibited, as being unlawful Combinations and Confederacies againfl the Government of

our

Provifo for Meetings con -vened for Election of Members of Parliament.

Spencean Societies or Clubs* &c. fupprelTed and prohibited, ■

4i

Societies taking unlawful Oaths, &c. within

37G.3. c. 123.

3* G. 3. c. 104.

or requiring, &c. Tefts or Declarations not required by Daw, or •electing Committees, Delegates, See. deemed guilty of unlawful Combination within 39 G. 3. c. 79.

Perfons becoming Members fuch Societies, &c.

deemed guilty of unlawful Combinations within 39 G. 3 c. 79. and proceeded

C. 19.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817.

our Sovereign Lord the King, and againft the Peace and Security of His Majefty’s liege Subjeds.

XXV. And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all and every the faid Societies or Clubs, and alfo all and every other Society or Club now eftablifhed or hereafter to be eftablifhed, the Members whereof lhall be required or admitted to take any Oath or Engagement which fhall be an unlawful Engagement within the Meaning of an Ad palled in the Thirty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for more effectually preventing the adminijlering and taking of unlawful Oaths, or within the Meaning of an Ad palfed in the Fifty fecond Year of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB to render more effectual an Ady paffed in the Thirty feventh Tear of His prefent Majejly, for preventing the adminiflering and taking of unlawful Oaths, or to take any Oath not required or authorized by Law ; and every Society or Club, the Members whereof or any of them lhall take or in any manner bind themfelves by any fuch Oath or Engagement, on becoming, or in order to become, or in confequence of being a Member or Members of fuch Society or Club ; and every Society or Club, the Members or any Member whereof lhall be required or admitted to take, fubferibe or aftent to, or lhall take, fubferibe or aflent to any Teft or Declaration not required or authorized by Law, in whatever manner or Form fuch taking or affenting lhall be performed, whether by Words, Signs, or otherwife; either on becoming or in order to become, or in confequence of being a Member or Members of any fuch Society or Club ; and every Society or Club that lhall eled, appoint, nominate or employ any Committee, Delegate or Delegates, Reprefentative or Reprefenta-tives, Miflionary or Miflionaries, to meet, confer or communicate with any other Society or Club, or with any Committee, Delegate or Delegates, Reprefentative or Reprefentatives, Millionary or Miflionaries, of fuch other Society or Club, or to induce or per-fuade any Perfon or Perfons to become Members thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, within the Meaning of an Ad pafled in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the more effeBual Suppreffon of Societies ejlablijhed for feditious and treafonable Purpofes ; and for better preventing treafonable and feditious Practices, and lhall and may be profecuted, proceeded againft and punilhed, according to the Provilions of the faid Ad ; and every Perfon who, from and after the palling of this Ad, lhall become a Member of any fuch Society or Club, or who, after the palling of this Ad, lhall ad as a Member thereof, and every Perfon who, from and after the palling of this Ad, lhall diredly or indi-redly maintain Correfpondence or Intercourfe with any fuch Society or Club, or with any Committee or Delegate, Reprefentative or Miflionary, or with any Officer or Member thereof, as fuch, or who lhall, by Contribution of Money or otherwife, aid, abet or fupport fuch Society or Club, or any Members or Officers thereof, as fuch, lhall be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the faid Ad pafled in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the more effeBual Suppreffon of Societies ejlablijhed for feditiousand trea-

fonable

Hosted by Google

AJD. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

45

fonable Purpofes ; and for better preventing treasonable and /editions PraBicss ; and (hall and may be proceeded againft, profecuted and punifhed, according to the Provifions of the faid Adi, with regard to the Profecution and Punifhment of unlawful Combinations and Confederacies.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained {hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any Society or Societies holden under the Denomination of Lodges of Freemafons, in conformity to the Rules prevailing in fuch Societies of Freemafons, provided fuch Lodges fhall comply with the Rules and Regulations contained in the faid A61 of the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, relating to fuch Lodges of Freemafons; nor to any Declaration to be taken, fubfcribed or affented to by the , Members of any Society, the Form of which Declaration fhall have been firft approved and fubfcribed by two or more Juftices of the Peace, and confirmed by the major Part of the Juftices prefent at a General Seftion, or at a General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, purfuant to the Rules and Regulations contained in the faid Adi of the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty ; nor fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Meeting or Society of the People commonly called Quakers ; or to any Meeting or Society formed or aftembled for Purpofes of a Religious or Charitable Nature only, and in which no other Matter or Buiinefs whatfoever fhall be treated of or difcufled.

‘ XXVII. And Whereas in the faid Adi of the Thirty ninth 6 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it is amongft other

*	Things enadled, ‘ That every Society which fhall be compofed of

*	different Diviftons or Branches, or of different Parts adling in

*	any manner feparately or diftindl from each other, or of which any

*	Part fhall have any feparate or diftindl Prefident, Secretary,

*	Treafurer, Delegate or other Officer eledled or appointed by or

*	for fuch Part, or to adl as an Officer for fuch Part, fhall be 6 deemed and taken to be unlawful Combinations and Confedera-

*	cies Be it enadled, That the faid Enactment fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to any Meeting or Society of the People commonly called Quakers• or to any Meeting or Society formed or aftembled for Purpofes of a Religious or Charitable Nature only, and in which no other Matter or Buftnefs whatfoever fhall be treated of or difcufled.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon fhall knowingly permit any Meeting of any Society or Club hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination or Confederacy, or of any Divifion, Branch or Committee of fuch Society or Club, to be held in any Houfe or Apartment, Building or other Place, to him or her belonging, or in his or her Pofleffion or Occupation, fuch Perfon fhall, for the Firft Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and fhall, for any fuch Offence committed after the Date of his or her Conviction for fuch Firft Offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, in Breach of this Adi.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for any two or more Juftices of the Peace, adting for any County, Stewarty, Riding, Divifion, City, Town or Place, upon evidence on Oath that any Meeting of any Society or ,Club hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, or any Meeting

for

againft accordingly.

Provifofor Freemafons* Lodges, and for Declaration approved by Two Juftices, purfuant to 39 G. 3. c. 79. and for Meetings or Societies of Quakers or for Charitable Purpofes.

39 G. 3-c. 79*

§ 2. not to extend to Quakers’ Meetings, &c.

Perfon permitting unlawful AfTemblies in his Houfe, &c.

Firft Offence, Penalty 5I. Further Offence,

Combination.

Licences of Public Houiec > where unlawful Clubs are held, to be forfeited,

Hosted by Google

46

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

and Penalty.

Penalties exceeding aol. how to be recovered.

57 G. 3. c. 19.

Penalties not exceeding 20I. how to be recovered.

Diflref;*.

Limitation of Profecu-tion for Penalty,

Application of Penalties.

for any feditious Purpofe, hath been held^ after the palling of this Aft, at any Houfe, Room or Place, licenfed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, with the Knowledge and Confent of the Perfon keeping fuch Houfe, Room or Place, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences for felling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, granted to the Perfon or Perfons keeping fuch Houfe, Room or Place, to be forfeited ; and the Perfon or Perfons fo keeping fuch Houfe, Room or place, fhall, from and after the Day of the Date of fuch Adjudication and Declaration, and Notice thereof given to him, her or them, be fub-jeft and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Aft done after that Day, which fuch Perfon or Perfons would be fubjeft and liable to, if fuch Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwife determined on that Day.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That all or any of the Pecuniary Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, incurred under this Aft, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, may be recovered by Aftion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler> and in Scotland in the Court of Seflion there; and it fliall be fufficient to declare in England or conclude in Scotland, that the Defendant or Defender is indebted to the Plaintiff or Purfuer in the Sum of

(being the Sum demanded by the faid Aftion) being forfeited by an Aft made in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Adi for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and AJfemblies ; and the Plaintiff or Purfuer, if he fhall recover in fuch Aftion, fhall have his full Cofts or Expences ; and any pecuniary Penalty impofed by this Aft not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Recovery whereof no Provifion is hereinbefore contained, fhall and may be recovered before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Stew-artry, Riding, Divifion, City, Town or Place, in which the fame {hall be incurred, or the Perfon having incurred the fame {hall happen to be, in a fummary Way; and in cafe fuch laft mentioned Penalty fhall not be forthwith paid, fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and direfted to any Conftable or other Peace Officer, caufe the fame to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Dif-trefs and Sale ; and in cafe no fufficient Diftrefs can be had or made, fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for fuch County, Stewartry, Riding, Divifion, City, Borough, Town or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor lefs than Three Calendar Months : Provided always, that no Perfon {hall be profecuted or fued for any pecuniary Penalty impofed by this Aft, unlefs fuch Profecution fhall be commenced, or fuch Aftion fhall be brought within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Penalty fhall have been incurred.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft fhall, when recovered, either by Aftion in any Court, or in a fummary Way before any Juftice, be applied and difpofed of in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, One Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff in any fuch Aftion, or

to

Hosted by Google

47

. A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO. III.	C.	19.

to the Informer before any Juftice, and the other Moiety thereof to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That any Adlion and Suit which ffiali be brought or commenced againft any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, Conftable, Peace Officer or other Perfon or Perfons, in EnglandWales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any thing done or adled in purfuance of this Adi, ffiali be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards ; and the Venue in every fuch Action or Suit ffiali be laid in the proper County where the Fadl was committed, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adlion or Suit may plead the General IfTue, and give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if fuch Adlion or Suit ffiali be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the fame, or the Venue ffiali be laid in any other Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury ffiali find a Verdidl for the Defendant or Defendants ; and in fuch Cafe, or if the Jury ffiali find a Verdidl for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ffiali become Nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her or their Adlion after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment ffiali be given againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants ffiali have Double Cofts ; which he or they ffiali and may recover in fuch and the fame manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cafes.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled, That every Adlion and Suit which ffiali be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons in Scotland, for any thing done or adled in purfuance of this Adi, ffiali in like manner be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and ffiali be brought in the Court of Sefiion in Scotland; and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in purfuance of this Adi, and may give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if fuch Adlion or Suit ffiali be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the fame, then the fame ffiali be difmiffed ; and in fuch cafe, or if the Defender or Defenders ffiali be affoilzied, or the Purfuer or Purfuers ffiali fuffer the Adlion or Suit to fall afleep, or a Decifion ffiali be pronounced againft the Purfuer or Purfuers upon the Relevancy, the Defender or Defenders ffiali have Treble Cofts or Expences ; which he or they ffiali and may recover in fuch and the fame manner as any Defender can by Law recover Cofts or Expences in other cafes.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That Convidlions by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for Offences againft this Adi, and Adjudications of Forfeitures of Licences to be made in purfuance of this Adi, ffiali or may be in the feveral Forms fet forth for fuch Purpofes refpedtively in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, or in Words to that Effedl.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained ffiali be deemed to take away or abridge any Provifion already made by the Law of this Realm, or of any Part thereof, for the Suppreffion or Punifhment of any Offence what-foever defcribed in this Adi.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That no Perfon ffiali be profecuted under this Adi, for having been, before the palling of

this

Limitation of Anions.

General Iflue may be pleaded.

Double Cofts.

Limitation of A&ions, Scc. in Scotland,

Plea.

Treble Coft:,

Form of Con * vi&ion.

Aff not to affect other Prorifiom made by Lav?.

Provifo for Perfons having been Members of any

Hosted by Google

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Club previous to the palling of tliis A£t, Sec.

No Double Profecntion.

Perfons already in Cuftody, &cc. not dilchareed.

Power of the Attorney General and Lord Advocate and Secretary of State to ftay Proceedings.

How Damage done by riotous or tumultuous Aflemblies to be recovered.

i G. i. c. 5.

this Ad, a Member of any Society or Club declared hereby to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, if fuch Perfon fhall not in any manner have aded as a Member of fuch Society or Club after the palling of this A61; but that nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend to prevent any Profecution, by Indidment or otherwife, for any thing which fhall be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and which might have been fo profecuted if this Ad had not been made : Provided always, that no Perfon who fhall be profecuted and convided or acquitted of any Offence againfl this Ad fhall be fubjed or liable to be again profecuted for the fame Offence : Provided always, that nothing herein contained {hall extend to difcharge any Perfon in Cuftody at the time of pafiing this Ad, or who having been in Cuftody fhall have been difcharged on Bail or Recognizance, from any Profecution which might have been had againft fuch Perfon if this Ad had not been made.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe any Proceeding or Profecution fhall be inftituted, commenced or profecuted for any Offence committed againft the faid Ad of the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, or againft this Ad, either by Adion, or by Information before any Juftice or Juftices, or other-wife, it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General for the time being, as to any fuch Adion, Information or other Proceeding in England, or for the Lord Advocate of Scotland as to any fuch Adion, Information or other Proceeding in Scotland, to order any fuch Adion, Information or other Proceeding to be flayed ; and in cafe of any Judgment or Convidion upon any fuch Adion, Information or Proceeding, it fhall and may be lawful for any One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by any Order made for that Purpofe under his Hand, to flay the Execution of fuch Judgment or Convidion, or to mitigate or remit any Fine or Forfeiture, or any Part thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe where any Houfe, Shop or other Building whatever, or any Part thereof, fhall be deftroyed, or fhall be in any manner damaged or injured, or where any Fixtures thereto attached, or any Furniture, Goods or Commodities whatever which fhall be therein, fhall be deftroyed, taken away, or damaged by the Ad or Ads of any riotous or tumultuous Aflembly of Perfons, or by the Ad or Ads of any Perfon or Perfons engaged in or making Part of fuch riotous or tumultuous Affembly, the Inhabitants of the City or Town in which fuch Houfe, Shop or Building fhall be fituate, if fuch City or Town be a County of itfelf, or is not within any Hundred, or otherwife the Inhabitants of the Hundred in which fuch Damage fhall be done, fhall be liable to yield full Compenfation in Damages to the Perfon or Perfons injured and damnified by fuch Deftrudion, taking away, or Damage ; and fuch Damages fhall and may be demanded, fued for, and recovered by the fame Means and under the fame Provifions as are provided in and by an Ad palled in the Firft Year of King George the Firft, intituled An Aft for preventing Tumults and riotous AJfemblies, and for the more fpeedy and effeftually punifbing the Rioters, with refped to Perfons injured and damnified by the demolifhing or pulling down of any Dwelling Houfe by Perfons unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly affembled.

XXXIX. And

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 19.

49

XXXIX. And be it farther ena&ed, That nothing in this A6t contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be repealed in the Whole, or in any Part thereof, or in any manner altered or amended, during the prcfent Seffion of Parliament.

Aft not to extend to Ireland.

Aft may be repealed, &c. ibis Seffion.

The SCHEDULE to which the Bill refers.

I. FORM of Convidlion of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy.

4	?	T^E	it remembered, That on this	Day	of

4 to Wit. J	jn	the	Year	of	the	Reign	of

4	A. B. of	is	duly	convidled	before	me

4 [or, us]	of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for

4 in purfuance of an Adi of the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, [fet forth the Title of the AB~\ for that 6 the faid A. B. after the palling of the faid Adi, to wit, on the 4	Day of	at did, contrary	to

4 the faid Adi, become a Member of [or, as the cafe may he] adl as 4 a Member of, or maintain a Correfpondence or Intercourfe with,

4 or by Contribution of Money or otherwife abet or fupport a So-4 ciety \_defcribing the Society~\, which Society is an unlawful Com-4 bination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the 4 faid Adl; Wherefore I [or, we] the faid	do

4 adjudge, That he the faid A. B. do pay	[or, be

4 imprifoned] as a Penalty for his Offence in purfuance of the faid 4 Adl, Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals]

4 this	Day of	in the Year of our Lord	,

4 and in the	Year	of	the	Reign	of	His	Majefty	King

t	y

II. FORM of Adjudication of Forfeiture of Licence to fell

Ale, &c.

4 M. 1 T\E it remembered, That on this	Day	of

4 to Wit. j-	jn tpe	Year	of the Reign of His

4 prefent Majefty, A, B. of	being a Perfon licenfed to fell

4 [as the cafe may be~\ is duly convidled before us, Two of His Ma-4 jelly's Juftices of the Peace for the County of	in

4 purfuance of an Adl of the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of 4 King George the Third [fet forth the Title of the A& J for that he 4 the faid A. B. on	at	did permit

4 a Meeting of a Society [defcribe the Society] which is an unlawful 4 Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of 4 the faid Adl, to be held at	being the Houfe [as the

4 cafe may be~\ oF the faid A. B. wherein he the faid A. B. is licenfed 4 to fell [as the cafe may be~\ : Wherefore we the faid 4 do adjudge and declare, that the Licence [or, Licences, as the cafe • may be~\ is [or, are] for fuch Offence forfeited. Given under our 4 Hands and Seals, this	Day	of	in	the	Year

4 of our Lord	, and in the	Year	of	the	Reign

4 of Hi3 Majefty King

57 Geo. III.	E

Hosted by Google

'50

35 G. 3* c.a8.

35 G. 3. c. 94.

regulations as to Captains, &c. entitled to Full Pay-drawing upon Commiffior.ers of the Navy for their Pay, as eftabliflied by Order of Council, 25 th Nov, 18x6.

And as to Flag Officers, &c. drawing for Pay.

C. 19, 20.	57° GEO. III.	A.	D. 1817.

III. FORM of Convidlion for Offences fubjedt to Pecuniary

Penalties.

:be it remembered, That on this	Day	of

*	in the	Year of the Reign of

*	A* B. of	is duly convicted before me [or, us]

<	of	His	Majefty's	Juftices	of	the	Peace for

c inpurfuance of an A dl of the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third \_fet forth the Title of the A3~] for that ‘ the faid A, B> after the palling of the faid Adi, on ‘ at	did,	contrary to the faid Adt \_here ffecify any

‘ Offence againjl the A3, as the cafe may be] : Wherefore I [or, we]

1 the faid	do	adjudge	that the faid A. B. do

‘ pay the Sum of	as	a	Penalty	for	this	Offence in

1. purfuance of the faid Adi.'

CAP. XX.

An A£l for making further Regulations in refpedl to the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cafes therein mentioned.	[31ft	March 1817.]

‘ TTFHEREAS it is expedient to amend and extend the Provi-‘ VV fions of an Adi palled in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign i of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to enable Petty Officers in

*	the Navy, and Seamen, Non CommiJJioned Officers of Marines and 6 Marines ferving in His Majejly’s Navy, to allot Part of their Pay

*	for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families ; and of another

*	A61 pa fled in the fame Year, intituled An A3 for ejlallijhing a c more eafy and expeditious Method for the punSual andfrequent Pay-c rnent of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His 1 Majefly's NavyBe it therefore enadled by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it fhall and may be lawful to and for every Captain, Commander, Lieutenant commanding the VefTel in which he fhall ferve, Surgeon and Afliftant Surgeon (in Ships and. VefTels in which there fhall be no Surgeons) in the Naval Service of His Majefty, being entitled to Full Pay, at the End and Expiration of every Three Months, Six Months, Nine Months or Twelve Months (as fuch Officer may think proper), but not for a lefs Period than Three Months, (except as hereinafter mentioned,) to draw a Bill or Bills upon the Commiffioners of His Majefty's Navy for the net Amount of Three Fourths only of the Pay (fubjedt to fuch De-dudlions as hereinafter mentioned) of fuch Captain, Commander, Lieutenant commanding, or Surgeon refpedlively, as eftablifhed by an Order of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent in Council, bearing Date the Twenty fifth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or as fhall hereafter be eftablifhed by any Order in Council of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors ; and that it fhall alfo be lawful for any Flag Officer, Lieutenant not commanding the Ship or VefTel in which he fhall be ferving, Phyfician of the Fleet, ivjafter, Second Mafter, Chaplain, Admiral's Secretary and Afliftant Surgeon, entitled to Full Pay, and having no Accounts

to

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 20.

51

to pafs, in like manner at the End of every Three Months, or fuch longer Period as above mentioned, but not for a lefs Period than Three Months, (except as hereinafter mentioned,) to draw upon the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Navy for the whole net Amount (fubjedl as aforefaid) of his Pay as fo eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed as aforefaid ; and alfo for every paffed Mate, paffed Midfhipman, And as to Secretary’s Clerk, Captain’s Clerk and Schoolmafter entitled to Full Mates, See.

Pay, in like manner to draw upon the faid Commiflioners at the End Rawing for thtir of every Six Lunar Months or Twelve Months for the whole net Amount (fubjedl as aforefaid) of his Pay as fo eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed as aforefaid ; the firfl Payment of the faid Pay fo to be drawn for by the faid feveral Officers to be computed from the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen : Pro- Officers to tranf-vided always, that not any of the faid Officers whofe Duty it fliall Ij0Ss> &c-be to tranfmit Logs, Journals, Returns or other Documents, either he^°retuh-eyHeif to the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad-miral, or to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or to the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Navy, fliall be entitled to receive any Half Pay which may be in courfe of Payment, until he (hall have duly transmitted fuch Logs, Journals, Returns or other Documents, unlefs he fhall have obtained or fhall obtain from the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral an Order difpenflng with the Production thereof.

IL And be it further enadled, That every fuch Bill drawn by Bills drawn by any Lieutenant not commanding the Ship or Veflel in which he may Lieutenants,/fee. be ferving. Mailer, Chaplain, Surgeon, Affillant Surgeon, Second be certi ed by Mailer, Mate, Midfhipman, Clerk or Schoolmafter, under the Au« proved b^Cap*-thority of this Adi, fhall be certified by the Purfer, and approved tain, &c. by the Captain of the Ship to which he fhall belong ; and fuch Purfer Purfer certify--fhall by fo certifying be held refponfible that fuch Bill is not for a ln£> refponfible greater Sum than the Officer drawing it had a Right to draw for, *hat Bl11 ,s,not after any Debt for Slops, Dead Men’s Clothes, or other Charges fJem°Te * Handing in the Ship’s Books, hath been abated from the Amount of his Pay for the Period for which the Bill is drawn ; and the Captain of fuch Ship fhall by fo approving be held refponfible that Officer drawing has been borne for Pay during the faid Period, and is entitled by this Adi to draw, and that the Purfer hath previoufly certified his Right to draw for the Sum in the Bill mentioned ; and Form of Bill, fuch Bill, Certificate and Approval, and alfo the Affignment thereof Certificate, /fee. for Payment by the Treafurer of the Navy, fhall be in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this Adi marked (A.), or to the like Effedl.

III. And be it further enadled, That every fuch Bill drawn Bills drawn by by any Phyfician as aforefaid under the Authority of this Adi Phyfician, Se-ffiall be approved by the Commander in Chief for the time being cretary, becre-of the Fleet or Squadron of which the Perlon fo drawing fhall be	t'/be’aji

Phyfician ; and that every fuch Bill drawn by any fuch Secretary proved.

' fliall be approved by the Flag Officer to whom he fliall be adting as Secretary; and that every fuch Bill drawn by any Secretary’s Clerk fliall be approved by fuch Secretary ; and the faid Commander in Chief, Flag Officer and Secretary refpedlively, fhall by fo approving be held refponfible that the Phyfician, Secretary or Secretary’s Clerk refpedlively fo drawing hath been borne for Pay

E 2	during

'52

€.20.

57° GEO. 111.

A.D. 1817.

Mates and Mid-lhipmen not entitled to draw till Certificates produced of having patTed Examination, &c.

Provifo for cafe in which Captain may approve Bill although Mate, &c. have not paffed Examination.

So much of

35 g-3- c-94* as authorizes certain Officers fent to Sick Quarters to draw at the End of Six Weeks, repealed ; and fuch other Regulations in refpedfc of Officers drawing for the Pay due on the Day of Discharge to Sick Quarters.

Second Mailers, Mates, &c. re-ftricted from allotting Pay as heretofore,&c. Former Ena<5l-ments relating

daring the Period for which the Bill is drawn, and is entitled by this A61 to draw for his Pay.

IV. And be it further enabled, That no fuch Mate or Midfhipman (hall be entitled to draw for his Pay until he (hall have palled the preferibed Examinations touching his Qualifications to ferve as Lieutenant at the Royal Naval College, and before Three Captains, .or fuch other Examinations as fhall be from time to time duly preferibed and required in that Behalf, and fhall have produced to the Captain of the Ship to which fuch Mate or Midfhipman belongs Certificates of his having pafled both fuch Examinations, for which Purpofe Duplicates of fuch Certificates fhall be given him at the time of palling: Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch Mate or Midfhipman fo to draw, and for fuch Captain to approve the Bill drawn by fuch Mate or Midfhipman, although he fhall not have palled at the faid Royal Naval College, or produced a Certificate of his having pafled the fame, if his Certificate of his having pafled his Examination before Three Captains, to be dated prior to the Firft Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Sixteen, or to the Day on which the faid Order of the Commifiioners of the Admiralty eflablifhing the faid Regulations was received on any Foreign Station where fuch Mate or Midfhipman was then ferving.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the faid recited A£l, intituled An Aft for eftablifhing a more eafy and expeditions Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majejly’s Navy, as authorizes any Captain, Commander, Lieutenant, Mailer or Surgeon who fhall be fent to Sick Quarters, and remain there for a longer time than Six Weeks, to draw or caufe to be drawn at the End of fuch Six Weeks a Bill or Set of Bills upon the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Navy, for the Net Perfonal Wages or Pay due to him to the Day of the Expiration of Six Weeks from and after his having been fo fent to Sick Quarters, fhall from and after the palling of this A£t be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for every fuch Captain, Commander, Lieutenant, Mailer and Surgeon who fhall be fo fent to Sick Quarters, to draw a Bill upon the faid Commifiioners of the Navy, for the Pay or Proportion of Pay (as by this A 61 allowed) that may be due to him on the Day of his being difeharged to Sick Quarters ; fuch Bill (as to a Lieutenant, Maker, or Surgeon) being certified and approved in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with refpedl to other Bills drawn under the Authority of this Adi, and being indorfed upon or accompanied with a Certificate, under the Hand of the Phyfician or Surgeon having Superintendence of the Hofpital or Sick Quarters to which fuch Officer fhall have been fo difeharged, of the Day on which he fhall have been received into fuch Hofpital or Sick Quarters.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That Second Makers, pafled Mates and pafled Midfhipmen, Clerks and Schoolmaflers, permitted by this A& to draw for the Whole or any Part of their Pay, fhall be and they are reftridled and prohibited from allotting any Portion of their Pay as heretofore ; and that all the Enadlments, Provifions and Regulations, with refpedt to the drawing of Bills or Allotment

of

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

c:m

53

of Pay, contained in either of the faid recited Afts refpeftiveiy, or in any other Aft or Afts, fhall from and after the palling of this Aft be deemed and taken to be applicable to the Bills to be drawn and Allotments allowed by or under this Aft, in the fame manner to all Intents and Purpofcs as if the fame were fully and particularly repeated and reenafted herein, except fo far as the fame are hereinbefore repealed or altered ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

4 VII. And Whereas by the faid Aft palled in the Thirty fifth 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Att for ejlablijhing a 4 more eafy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Pay-4 ment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to Pits * Majejiy's Navy, it is provided, that every Commiffioned Officer, 4 Mailer and Surgeon of His MajeHy’s Navy on Half Pay, when 4 appointed to a Ship, may, if no Imprelt Hands againll him, receive 4 the Arrears of Half Pay due to him by an Order on the Treafurer 4 of the Navy :	And	Whereas it would tend much to the Conveni-

4 ence of fuch Officers, Mailers and Surgeons if they were enabled 4 to draw and negotiate a Bill or Bills for fuch Arrears of their Half 4 Pay as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall and may be lawful for every Commiffioned^Officer, Mailer and Surgeon in the Naval Service of His Majelly, to whom any Arrears of Half Pay may be due, and who fhall be appointed to command or ferve on board any Ship or Velfel of His Majelly, which may be fitting at any Port of Great Britaitiy after receiving his Commiffion or Warrant of Appointment, if he fhall be defirous of drawing a Bill or Bills for his Arrears of Half Pay, to apply for that Purpofe by Letter direfted to the Commiffioners of His MajeHy’s Navy, tranfmitting the ufual Affidavit and Certificate of the Day when he commenced Full Pay, and that thereupon the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them, having afcertained that no Imprell is Handing againH him, or that the Im-preH againH him (if any) is cleared, fhall caufe the Amount of Half Pay due to fuch Officer, Mafler or Surgeon to be afcertained and duly atteHed, and tranfmit to fuch Officer, Matter or Surgeon, a Certificate or Statement thereof, together with the Form of a Bill as in the Schedule to this Aft marked (B.), or to the like Effeft, to be drawn by fuch Officer, Mafier or Surgeon ; who, upon Receipt thereof, may and is hereby authorized to draw and negotiate fuch Bill for the Amount fo certified to be due, and which faid Bill fhall be affigned for Payment on, and paid by the Treafurer of the Navy, and be a fufficient Voucher and Difcharge to him for fuch Payment in his Annual Account.

4 VIII. And Whereas by the faid laH recited Aft it is provided,

4 that Commiffioned Officers in the Navy appointed to Ships from 4 Half Pay, having no Imprefi Handing againH them, may obtain 4 Three Months’ Pay in \dvance, by an Order upon the Treafurer 4 of the Navy : And Whereas it would be a Convenience to fuch 4 Officers, as well as to Chaplains, MaHers, Surgeons and AffiHant 4 Surgeons, who may be appointed in like manner, if they were 4 enabled to obtain fuch Advance by Means of a Bill to be drawn 4 and negotiated and paid as is hereinbefore provided for the Pay-4 ment of Arrears of Half Pay f Be it therefore enafted, That from

E 3	and

thereto, applicable to this Aft.

35 G. 3, c.94.

§1.

Commiffioned Officer, See. on Half Par may draw a Bill for his Arrears on being appointed to a Ship.

Certificate and Form of Bill ro be tranfmitted to fuch Officer.

35 G-3- c.94^

On Appointment to Ships, Commiffioned Officers, Chaplains, Sec. may draw for Three Months’ Pay in Advance.

51

C. 20.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Certificate and Form of Bill to be tranfmitted to fuch Officer*

Officers authorized to draw for Pay, having parted their Accounts, and received General Certificates fpe-cifying the Amount of Pay due, may make fuch Certificates negotiable by Indorfement.

Forging Certificates, Bills, &c.

and after the pafling of this Adi, every Commifiioned Officer, Chaplain, Mailer, Surgeon and Affiflant Surgeon in the Naval Service of His Majelly, who fhall be appointed as aforefaid, and fhall have been previoufly Three Calendar Months on. Half Pay, and fhall not have any Impreft Handing againfi him uncleared, may apply for fuch Three Months’ Pay in Advance by Letter directed to the Commiffioners of His Majefiy’s Navy, transmitting a Certificate of the Day when he commenced Full Pay ; whereupon the faid Com-mifiioners, or any Three of them, having afcertained that fuch Officer hath been previoufly Three Months on Half Pay, and that no Imprell is Handing againH him, or that the ImpreH (if any) againfi him is cleared, fhall tranfmit to fuch Officer a Certificate, and the Form of a Bill as in the Schedule to this Adt marked (C.) or to the like Effedl, to be drawn by him, and fuch Officer upon the Receipt thereof is hereby authorized to draw and negotiate fuch Bill accordingly ; and which faid Bill fhall be afligned for Payment on and paid by the Treafurer of the Navy, and be a fufficient Voucher or Difcharge to him for fuch Payment in his annual Account*

c IX. And Whereas by the faid lafi recited Adt it is provided,

*	that if Commifiioned Officers, Mafiers, Surgeons in the Navy, and

*	every other Defcription of Officers by this Aft authorized to

*	draw for Pay, have palled their Accounts for every Ship in which c they may have ferved, Three Commiffioners of the Navy fhall c make out Certificates, diflinguifhed by the Name of General Cer-1 tificates, fpecifying the net Amount of the Pay which fhall appear c to be due to fuch Officers, and fhall diredt the Amount to be car-

*	ried to the Credit of fuch Officer’s Account Current: but no 6 Mode being provided therein for the Payment of the Balance of c fuch Pay due and not drawn for;’ Be it therefore enabled, That every fuch Commifiioned Officer, Mafier, Surgeon or other Officer who fhall have palled his Accounts and obtained fuch General Certificate as in the faid recited Aft is mentioned, the Amount of which the faid Commiffioners fhall have diredted to be carried to the Credit of fuch Officer’s Account under the faid recited Adi, the faid Officer is hereby authorized (upon the Back of fuch General Certificate as fhall be delivered or tranfmitted to him, or to his Agent in purfuance of the Diredtion contained in the faid recited Adt) to make the faid General Certificate negotiable in the Nature of a Bill of Exchange by an Indorfement thereon, making the Contents thereof payable to his Order ; which Indorfement, and any fubfe-quent one that may be made upon the faid Certificate, fhall be fufficient Authority to the Treafurer of the Navy to pay the Amount of the faid General Certificate to the Officer therein named, or to the Indorfee thereof, as the cafe may require; and fhall be a fufficient Voucher and Difcharge to the faid Treafurer for fuch Payment in his annual Account.

X. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall falfely make, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged or counterfeited, or fhall willingly adt or affifi in the falfe making, forging or counterfeiting of any fuch Authority, Certificate, Bill, Approval or Affignment as is hereinbefore mentioned, or fhall utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, or counterfeited Authority, Certificate, Bill, Approval or Affignment, knowing the

fame

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. lit

e. 20.

55

fame to be falfe, forged' or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, every fuch Perlon fo offending {hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed, fhall fuffer Death as a Felon without Death.

Benefit of Clergy.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That no Bill which fhall be drawn Bills not liable to under or by virtue of this A& fhall be fubjeft or liable to or be Stamp Duty, charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

4	XII. And Whereas Sick Tickets,. Unferviceable Tickets, Fo-4 reign Remove Tickets and Difcharge Tickets, made out to Inferior 4 and Petty Officers, Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines 4 and Marines, in purfuance of the feveral A&s of Parliament paffed 4 in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, King 3I g. 2. c. 10.

4 George the Second, intituled An A3 for the Encouragement of Sea-4 men employed in the Royal Navy, and for ejlablifhing a regular Me-4 ihod for the punftual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages;

4 and for enabling them more eafly and readily to remit the fame for 4 the Support of their Wives and Families ; and for preventing Frauds 4 and Abufes attending fuch Payments ; and of another Aft paffed in 4 the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty?a Reign, intituled 32 G. 3. c. 33.

4 An A3 for explaining and amending an A3 paffed in the Thirty firjl 4 Tear of the Reign of His late Majejly King George the Second,

4 intituled An A3 for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the 4 Royal Navy, and for ejlablifhing a regular Method for the pun3ual,

4 frequent and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them 4 more eajily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their 4 Wives and Families ; and for preventing Frauds and Abufes at-4 tending fuch Payments ; and for further extending the Benefits 4 thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of 4 Marines and Marines, ferving or who may have ferved on board 4 any of His Majefiyys Ships ; are not faleable or transferrable, but 4 are payable only to the Perfons therein named : A.nd Whereas it is 4 expedient that fimilar Tickets made out to the Commiffion and 4 Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy ffiould be fubjefl to, the like 4 Regulations Be it therefore enafted,. That from and after the Sick Tickets,&c. paffing of this Aft no Sick Ticket, Unferviceable Ticket, Foreign not transferrable. Remove Ticket or Difcharge Ticket, to be made out to any Commiffion or Warrant Officer in the Royal Navy, fhall be faleable or transferrable ; but every fuch Ticket fhall be paid only to the Party in whofe Favour the fame fhall be made out ; and that all Sales, Alignments or Transfers of any fuch Ticket fhall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

E 4?

SCHE-

Hosted by Google

5 G

C.20.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

SCHEDULES to which this Arefers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Firft Rate (Britannia), Lieutenant Thomas Bowling, entered I ft January 1817.	£	j.	</,

Full Pay from ift January to 25th March 1817

£ s.	d.

Amount of Deduction for Slops, &c.

Ditto -	-	for	Dead	Men’s Clothes

Nett Pay £

Certified by

A. B. Purfer.

Gentlemen,

TEN Days after Sight (my Second and Third Bill of this Tenor and Date not being paid) pleafe to pay to John Bull, or Order, the Sum of	being	the

nett Pay due to me as Firft Lieutenant of His Majefty’s Ship (Britannia), between 1 ft January and 25th March 1817, for Value received.

Thomas Bowling.

Approved by C. D, Captain of His Majefty’s Ship (Britannia).

To the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy, London.

ASSIGNMENT.

No. I.	Navy	Office,	3d April 1817.

To be paid by the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy out of Monies received under the Head of Wages to Pay Officers.

E. F.l

G. H. > Commiffioners of the Navy.

/. K.S

N. B. The forging of this Bill, or the Purfer’s Certificate, Captain’s Approval, or the Affignment thereof for Payment, or procuring any other Perfon to forge or utter the fame with an Intention to defraud any Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy by the Ad of 57 Geo. 3. Cap.

SCHE-

Hosted by Google

X

o

CD

Q.

CT

b

o



a>

O

tc

M

SCHEDULE (B.)

Navy Office. — Order for Arrears of Half Pay.

Officers	Quality.	From what	Half Pay.		To what Ship	Impreft.	Front	No. of Days, j	Per Diem.	3d- per	Full.	Nett.
Name.		Ship.	Commencing.	Ending.	appointed.		Charge.					
												

P. E. O.

Gentlemen,

AT Three Days’ Sight pay to due to me for Arrears of Half Pay as above dated.

To the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Navy, London.

THE Sum of	to	be	paid	by	the	Treafurer	of	His

the Head of Half Pay<

G. D.

or Order, the Sum of

Thomas Bowling* Majefty’s Navy, out of Money received under

E. F* 1 G. H. [ LK. )

Commiffioners of the Navy.

To the Treafurer of His MajeftyV. Navy, London.

A. D. 1817-	57° GEO. III. C.	20.

5S

C. 20, 21.

57° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.)

A.D.1817.

Rate.	Ship’s Name. J	Officer’s Name.	Quality.	When entitled to Full Pay.
				

THESE are to certify there is no Impreft againft Dated the	Day	of	18

G. B.

Pay for Three Months’ Advance £

P. E. 0.

At	the	Day	of	18

Gentlemen,

AT Three Days’ Sight, pleafe to pay to or Order, the Sum of	being	for	Three	Months’

Advance of Pay to me, between the	Day	of

and the	Day	of

To the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy, London.

Navy Office, the	Day	of	18. .

No.

THE Sum of	to be paid by the Treafurer

of His Majefty’s Navy, out of Monies received under the Head of Wages to pay Officers, being for Three Months’ nett Pay in advance, to the	Day	of	18	.

E. F. 1

G. H. > Commiffioners of the Navy.

L K. 3

CAP. XXL

An A61 to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, Two Adis made in the Forty feventh and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for the preventing improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland.	[29th April	1817.]

47 G. 3- SeE 2. * TTTHEREAS an A61 was made in the Forty feventh Year c. 54-	*	VV of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to

prevent improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from the palling thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament : And Whereas by an A 61 made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent 50 G. 3 0,109. Majefty’s Reign the faid recited A6t was continued for Two ‘ Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion * of Parliament, and amended: And Whereas by an A6t made in

< the

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C*21, 22.

59

4 the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign both the faid 4 recited A6ls were further continued for Two Years, and from 4 thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament; and 4 it is expedient that the faid recited A6ls of the Forty feventh and 4 Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign fliould be revived and 4 further continued Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited A61 of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, as the faid Adt is amended by the faid recited A6t made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, and alfo the faid recited Adi of the faid Fiftieth Year, (hall be and the faid Two Adis are hereby revived and further continued, and (hall be, remain and continue in force for Two Years, from and after the palling of this Adi, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An Adi to amend Two Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, to provide for the better * Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magiftrates and additional Conftables in Counties in certain cafes.	[29th	April 1817.]

WHEREAS an Adi was palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign to provide for the better Execution 6 of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magiftrates * and additional Conftables in Counties in certain cafes ; which Adi 4 was amended by an Adi pafled for that Furpofe in the Fifty fifth 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign : And Whereas, by and under the 4 Provifions of the faid firft recited Adi, Power is given to the Lord 4 Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for 4 the Aid and Support of any Chief Magillrate, duly appointed as 4 therein mentioned, refpedtively to appoint a Chief Conftable, and 4 any Number of Sub Conftables not exceeding Fifty ; and by the 4 Provifions of the faid laft recited Adi, in cafe the Office of fuch 4 Chief Magiftrate fliall extend into Two Counties, a fimilar Power 4 is given to place a fimilar Eftablifhment, if neceflary, under his 4 Orders, in each of fuch Counties : And Whereas it may be fuffi-4 cient in certain cafes to appoint One Chief Magiftrate only for 4 more Baronies than One, or for a more extended Diftridl in the 4 fame County, provided that fuch Chief Magiftrate lhall have the 4 Aid and Support of an increafed Number of Chief and Sub Con-4 ftablesBe it therefore enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, for the Aid and Support of any fuch Chief Magiftrate, fuch and fo many Chief and Sub Conftables as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors fliall think proper: Provided always, that there fliall not in any cafe be more than One fuch Chief Conftable, nor more

than

revived and further continued.

54 G.3.C.13T,

55G.3.c.t.;.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Chief and Sub Conftables to afllft the Magiftrates.

The Number.

Hosted by Google

60

C.22,23.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18i7*

Recited Afts to extend to fuch Condables.

Lord Lieutenant may diredt Two Thirds of the Salaries, Expen ces, &c. of executing recited A6fs to be paid out of Conloli-dated Fund, and the Refidue only to be borne by Prefentment.

Accounts of Proclamations, and Appointments and Expences, to be laid before Parliament.

7 G. 2. c. i3.

than Fifty ftich Sub Conflables, for any One Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City, or County of a Town, or Diflridt of lefs Extent than any Barony or Half Barony of fuch County in which fuch Diflridl is fituate.

II. And be it further enadled, That all and every the Claufes and Provifions in the faid Adis refpedlively contained fhall apply to all and every the Chief Conftable and Chief Conflables, Sub Conftable and Sub Conflables fo to be appointed, in the fame manner in all re-fpedls as if they had been appointed under the faid Adis refpedlively.

‘III. And Whereas, under the Provifions of the faid recited Adis, 4 all and every the Salaries, Allowances, Cofls, Charges and Ex-4 pences therein mentioned refpedlively are directed to be borne and 4 defrayed by Prefentment in manner therein provided refpedlively ;

4 and it may happen that the whole of fuch Expence may in certain 4 cafes be found too burtbenfome upon the County, Barony, Half 4 Barony or other Diftridl or Part of a County by which the faid 4 Salaries, Allowances, Cofls, Charges and Expences are by the faid 4 Adis required to be borne and defrayed by Prefentment as afore-4 faid Be it therefore enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to order and diredl that any Part or Portion not exceeding Two Thirds of all and every Salaries, Allowances, Rents, Taxes, Cofls, Charges and Expences, which fhall at any time after the paffing of this Adi be incurred or become payable under the Provifions of the faid recited Adis or either of them, or of this Adi, fhall abfolutely and finally be payable and paid by and out of the Confolidated Fund, and that the Refidue only fhall be borne and defrayed by Prefentment, in manner in the faid Adis provided refpedlively.

IV. And be it further enadled, That the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, fhall from time to time caufe Accounts to be prepared of all Proclamations iffued under or by virtue of the faid recited Adis, fpecifying the Counties, Baronies and Diflridls by fuch Proclamations refpedlively declared to be in a State of Difturb-ance ; and alfo of the Names of all Chief Magiflrates and other Officers appointed for the Execution of the faid recited Adis in fuch Counties, Baronies and Diflridls refpedlively; and alfo of the Amount of all Salaries, Allowances, Rents, Taxes, Cofls, Charges and Expences incurred in confequence of any fuch Proclamations ; and that fuch Chief Secretary fhall caufe fuch Accounts to be from time to time laid before both Houfes of Parliament within One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of each Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An Adi to further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Adi of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. [29th April 1817.]

4 WHEREAS an Adi was made in the Seventh Year of the 4 VV Reign of His late Majefly King George the Second, 4 intituled An All for the Revival of an All ?nade in the Thirteenth

4 Tear

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 23, 24.

G1

4	of	the Reign of His late Majejly King George the Firjl,

4 intituled An Aft for the free Importation of Cochineal during the 4 Time therein limited, and alfo for the free Importation of Indigo,

4	which was to continue in force, from the Twenty fourth Day of 4 June One thonfand feven hundred and thirty four, for the Term 4 of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next 4 Seffion of Parliament; and which by feveral fubfequent Adis was 4 further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen :

4 And Whereas by an Adi palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His 4 prefent Majelly the faid Adt was revived from the faid Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen,

4 and continued in force until Nine Months after the Conclufion of 4 the then prefent War : And Whereas by an Adi palfed in the lafh 5^ G. 3. c. 2.

4 Seflion of Parliament the faid Adi was again revived and further

4 continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

4 eight, hundred and feventeen : And Whereas it is expedient that

4 the faid Adi Ihould be further continued Be it therefore enadled

by The King’s Molt Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That the faid Adi fhall continue in force from the faid Twenty 7 G. 2. c. iS.

fifth day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen until [unrth^r con“

the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and

twenty.

II.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi may be altered, Aft may be amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be palfed in the prefent	*	*

Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Adi to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Adi, palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majelly, intituled An

AEl for the further Improvement of the La?id Revenue of the Crown>	[23d	May	1817*]

4 \%J HEREAS by an Adi palfed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 G. 3. c 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled An Aft for making § I-4 a more convenient Communication from Mary le Bone Park and the 4 Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Par fie of Saint Mary le 4 Bone, to Charing Crofs within the Liberty of Wellminller, and 4 for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame> it was enadled,

4 that the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majelty’s Woods,

4 Forefts and Land Revenues Ihould be and they were thereby ap-4 pointed Commiffioners for carrying the Purpofes of the faid Adt 4 into Execution, and they were thereby empowered to borrow and 4 take up at Interefi: from time to time fuch Sum or Sums of 4 Money to enable them to carry the feveral Purpofes of the faid 4 Adi into Execution, as they Ihould judge necelfary, not exceed-4 ing the Two feveral Sums of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, and 4 One hundred thoufand Pounds : And Whereas by an Adi palfed 54 G.3.

4 in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, § 28.

4 intituled An Aft for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue 4 of the Crown, it was amonglt other things enadled, that it Ihould 4 and might be lawful to and for the Commiffioners for executing

4 the

Hosted by Google

f^-

Certain Capital Monies or Corporate Funds may be advanced on the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

C. 24.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	181?.

*	the faid recited A£f patted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign

*	of His prefent Majefty, by and with the Approbation of the < Lord High Treafurer or the Commiffioners for executing the 4 Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three ‘ or more of them, and notwithftanding any Provision, Reftri6tion c or Claufe contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to 4 His Majefty’s Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Intereft 4 fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they the faid Commiffioners for 4 executing the faid recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforefaid, 4 with fuch Approbation as aforefaid, fhould judge neceffary for the 4 Purpofes of the faid A£t, not exceeding what fhould then remain 4 to be raifed of the faid Two Sums of Five hundred thoufand 4 Pounds and One hundred thoufand Pounds, by any Loan or c Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown ; 4 and it was thereby further declared and enafted, that it fhould 4 and might be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies 4 Politic or Corporate, or Companies, (other than except the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Governor 4 and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South 4 Seas and other Parts of America, and the United Company of 4 Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies,) to advance or 4 lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the 4 Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to fuch Perfon 4 or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, not ex-4 ceeding what fhould then remain to be raifed of the faid Two 4 Sums of Five hundred thoufand Pounds and One hundred thou-4 fand Pounds, to the faid Commiffioners for executing the faid 4 laft mentioned A£t, upon the Credit of the faid Land Revenues 4 of the Crown, fo as that all fuch Loans fhould be made by and c with the Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer or the 4 Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer 4 for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who was 4 or were thereby authorized to iffue his or their Warrant or War-4 rants for that Purpofe: And Whereas the faid Commiffioners 4 for carrying the faid recited A& of the Fifty third Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty into Execution, have, fince the 4 paffing of the faid laft recited A61, borrowed of the Corporation 4 of the Royal Exchange AJfurance the Sum of Three hundred 4 thoufand Pounds in Part or the faid feveral Sums of Five hundred 4 thoufand Pounds and One hundred thoufand Pounds, upon the 4 Credit of the faid Land Revenues: And Whereas it would tend 4 to facilitate the raifing the Remainder of the faid Sums of Five 4 hundred thoufand Pounds and One hundred thoufand Pounds, if 4 the Powers of the faid recited A£t of the Fifty fourth Year of 4 His prefent Majefty’s Reign were extended in manner herein after 4 mentioned May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enatfted; and be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it ffiall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatfoever, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic

or

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.24.

63

or Corporate, or Companies, not exceeding in Amount what now remains to be raifed of the faid Two Sums of Five hundred thoufand Pounds and One hundred thoufand Pounds, to the Commiflioners for the time being for executing the faid recited Adi of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty-, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, fubjedl and without Prejudice to the Sum fo already advanced by the faid Royal Exchange AJfurance Company, and to the Provifions made by the faid recited Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Intereft thereof, (fo as that all fuch Loans be made by and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who is or are hereby authorized to iflue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpofe,) not with Handing any thing contained to the contrary in an Adi of Parliament made and pafled in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Aft for granting to their MajeJlies feveral Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for fe-curing certain Recompences and Advantages in the faid Aft mentioned to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the War againjl France ; or in an Adi of Parliament made and pafled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to amend and continue, until One Month after the Condition of the prefent War, the Provifions contained in an Aft pajfed in the Sejfion of Parliament of the Thirty fixth and Thirty feventh Tears of His prefent MajeJly, Cap. 91. (videlicet), on the Twenty fecond of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, for the Rejlriftion on Payments of Cafh by the Bank ; or in any other Adt or Adis of Parliament for further continuing the faid laft mentioned Adi of Parliament, or the Provifions thereof, or the faid Reftridlion on Payments of Cafh by the Bank ; and notwithftanding any thing contained in any other Adi or Adis of Parliament, or Statute, or Charter, Bye Law, or Ordinance; and that every fueh Loan fo to be made fhall be deemed to be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, a Loan upon a Parliamentary Security; and the faid Land Revenues of the Crown fhall be deemed and taken to be, and are hereby declared to be, a Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenues of His Majefty, upon which a Credit of Loan to the Extent of the refpedlive Sums fo to be advanced or raifed under the Provifions of this Adi is granted by Parliament, and upon which any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatfoever, may be advanced within the true Intent and Meaning of any Adi or Adis of Parliament, Charter, Bye Law, Statute or Ordinance whereby any Monies are authorized or permitted to be advanced upon Parliamentary Security, or any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenue of His Majefty upon which a Credit of Loan is granted by Parliament; and every fuch Loan fhall be good, valid and effedlual; any Exception contained in the faid recited Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of his faid

Majefty,

Such Loan to be made with the Approbation of the Treafury,

notwithftanding

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 2.0.

38G.3.C.1.

or any other Adt of Parliament.

Every fuch Loan deemed a Loan on Parliamentary Security.

Hosted by Google

64

C.24.

57n GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Provifo for Loan by Royal Exchange AfiTur-ance Company.

Perfons advancing Money to have Certificate thereof figned by the Commif-fioners.

Form of the Certificate.

Majefty, or any Proviflon contained in the Statutes of Mortmain, or in any other Statute, Charter, Bye Law or Ordinance, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding; but fubje£t and without prejudice to the faid Loan fo advanced by the faid Royal Exchange AJfurance Company, and the Provifions fo made for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interefl thereof as aforefaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatfoever, who fhall agree to lend any Money upon the Credit of the faid Land Revenues, fhall receive a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commiflioners for executing the faid recited A61 of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, in the Form or to the Effe6l following :

4 IN Pur^uance a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lord 4 High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and * Ireland, [or, from the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as the cafe 1 Jhall be~] bearing Date the	Day	of	,

4 we, A. and B., Two of the Commiflioners for executing an A 61 4 pafled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 4 intituled An Ad: for making a more convenient Communication from 4 Mary le Bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in 4 the Parijh of Saint Mary le Bone, to Charing Crofs within the Li-4 herty of Weftminfter, and for making a more convenient Sewage for 4 the fame ; in exercife of the Powers vefted in us by the faid A 61, 4 and by another A 61 pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign 4 of His faid Majefty, intituled An Ad for the further Improvement 4 of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and of another A 61 pafled in 4 the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled 4 An Ad \_here infert the Title of this Ad~] do hereby certify, that 4 C. Z). \infert the Name, Title or Defeription of the Perfon or Per-4 foils, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, by whom or 4 on whofe Behalf the Loan is to be advanced] hath [or, have] con-4 tradled and agreed to advance and lend to the faid Commiflioners 4 for executing the faid A6ts, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues 4 of the Crown, the Sum of	to	be applied by them

4 for and towards the carrying the feveral Purpofes of the faid A6ls c into Execution ; which Sum is to be paid by the faid C. D. to 4 One of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, and to be carried to 4 the Account of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4 and Land Revenues, being 4 The New Street Account ;’ and 4 from and immediately after the Payment of the fame in manner 4 aforefaid, the faid Sum of	fhall, by virtue of the

4 faid A6ls, become and be a Loan charged upon the Whole of the 4 Land Revenues of the Crown, (but fubje6t and without prejudice 4 to the Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds advanced by the 4 Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and to the Provi-4 fion made by the faid ASt of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s 4 Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the 4 Interefl: thereof) ; and fuch Revenues fhall, fubje£t as aforefaid, 4 from thenceforth be charged with and liable to the Repayment of £ the faid Capital Sums fo to be advanced by the Inftalments, in 4 the Proportions, and at or upon the Days or times hereinafter 15	4	mentioned,

Hosted by

Google

A.D. 3 817*

57° GEO, III.

C. 24.

65

1 mentioned, that is to fay, \_here infert the Terms agreed upon for the 4 Repayment,] and to the Payment of Intereft for the faid Principal 4 Sum, or fo much thereof as fhall from time to time remain un-4 paid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, [or 4 lejfer Rate as the cafe may he,J fuch Intereft to be computed from 4 the time the faid Principal Sum fhall be fo advanced, and to be paid 4 Half Yearly, until the Whole of the faid Principal Sum, and Inte-4 reft thereon, fhall be fully paid and difcharged. Given under our 4 Hands and Seals, this	Day of

4 One thoufand eight hundred and

And every fuch Certificate fhall be witnefled by One of the Secretaries or Clerks for the time being to the faid Commiffioners for carrying the faid recited A£ts into Execution ; and upon the Production of fuch Certificate or Certificates, the Cafhiers of the Bank, or one of them, fhall and are or is hereby required to accept and receive the Sum or Sums therein fpecified, and at the Foot or Back of fuch Certificate to acknowledge the Receipt of the faid Monies, without Fee or' Reward ; and the Receipt to be given by fuch Cafhier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of fuch Certificate as aforefaid, fhall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be ; (that is to fay,)

4 RECEIVED the	Day	of	One

4 thoufand eight hundred and	of	and from A. B.

4 the Sum of	of	lawful	Money	of Great Britain,

4 being the Sum to be paid into the Bank of England purfuant to the 4 above Certificate, and which Sum is placed to the Account of the 4 Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Re-4 venues, being 4 The New Street Account.’

4 Witnefs my Hand 4 For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

(Signed)	Cafhier.’

Which faid Certificate and Receipt fhall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for the County of Middlefex, on Payment of the ufual Fees for fuch Enrolment, and a Minute or Extra£l thereof fhall be entered and preferved in the Office of the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts, and Land Revenues, and alfo in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners for executing the faid recited A<ft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty ; and every fuch Certificate and Receipt, when fo given, granted, and enrolled, fhall be and they are hereby declared to be conclufive Evidence of the Advance of every fuch Loan, and of the Day or time of making fuch Advance.

III. And be it further ena&ed, That when any fuch Certificate and Receipt fhall be fo figned, enrolled and entered as aforefaid, every fuch Loan or Loans, the Receipt whereof {hall be fo acknowledged as aforefaid, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby charged upon the whole of the faid Land Revenues of the Crown, (fubjedf and without Prejudice to the Loan fo advanced by the faid Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and the Provifions made by the faid recited A 61 of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Intereft 57 Geo. III.	F	thereof

Certificate to be witne/Ted by One of the Secretaries or Clerks to the Commii'-fioners.

Receipt by Cafhier oi the Bank.

Form of Receipt.

Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled in Office of Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for Midddcx.

Loans charged on Land Revenues.

Provifo for Loan by Royal Exchange AfTur-ance Company.

Hosted by Google

66

C.24.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Treasury to make Payments accordingly.

In cafe any Part of the Principal Loan, or of the lntereft thereof, be unpaid for Three Months, the fame to be advanced by Treafury.

Monies advanced to be replaced out of the firft Monies to a rife from the Laud Revenue. Provifo for Royal Exchange Aflurance.

Loans andDeeds exempted from Stamp Duties.

thereof as aforefaid,) and fuch Revenues (hall from thenceforth be lubjedl and liable to fuch new Loan or Loans, and the Repayment thereof and the lntereft thereof, at fuch Rate, in fuch manner and by fuch Proportions, and at fuch time or times, as fhall be ftipulated and agreed upon by and between the faid Commifiioners for the time being for executing the faid recited Adi of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, making fuch Advance, and as fhall be mentioned, fpeciiied or exprefled in the faid Certificate, and the Lord High Treafurer or the Commifiioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, is and are hereby-authorized, empowered and required to make fuch Payments accordingly, when and as the fame fhall become due and payable out of the faid Land Revenues of the Crown, after Payment of the necefiary Charges of the Management thereof, prior to any other Application of fuch Land Revenues (fave and except fo far as fuch Revenues are or ought to be applied in the Repayment of the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds fo advanced by the faid Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and in the Payment of the lntereft thereof in the mean time as aforefaid).

IV.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe it fhall happen that any Payment of Interell accruing upon any Loan or Loans to be made in purfuance of this Adi fhall not be fatisfied out of the faid Land Revenues within the fpace of Three Calendar Months after the fame fhall have become due, or in cafe any Portion or Part of the Principal of any fuch Loan or Loans fhall not be paid or difcharged out of the faid Land Revenues within the like Space of Three Calendar Months after the fame fhall have become due, that then the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, upon the Demand or Requifition of the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, who fhall have made fuch Loan or Loans, or be entitled to fuch In-tereft or fucji Portion of Principal as fhall be fo in Arrear, due or unpaid, to niake Payment of fuch lntereft or Principal (as the cafe may be) which fhall be fo in Arrear, due or unpaid, out of any Monies at his or their Difpofal, granted by Parliament for the Supplies of the then current Year.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in cafe any fuch Payment fhall be advanced or made from or out of fuch Supplies for the Purpofes aforefaid in purfuance of this Adi, that then the Amount thereof fhall be made good and replaced to the Credit of fuch Supplies out of the firit Monies which fhall arife from the Receipt of the Land Revenues of the Crown, after Payment of the ne-cefiary Charges of Management thereof, and of any Sum or Sums which fhall be then due or payable for or in refpedl of the Loan fo advanced by the faid Corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, and in preference to any Charge whatfoever upon the fame.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That no Loan which fhall be advanced, nor any Certificate or Receipt which fhall be made or given for the fame, by virtue of this Adi, nor any Agreement, Deed or Inftrument in relation thereto, fhall be fubjedt or liable to any ad

13	valorem

Hosted by Googl

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 24, 25.

valorem Duty, or other Stamp Duty whatfoever impofed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be impofed by any future Aft or Afts of Parliament, unlefs fuch Loan or Certificate, Receipt, Agreement, Deed, or Inftrument, fhall be fpecially fubjefted and fpecifically charged in and by fuch future A cl or Afts of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of AflefTed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to exempt fuch Dwelling Houfes as may be employed for the foie Purpofe of Trade, or of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the faid Aft.

[23d May 1817.]

c TT7HEREAS by an Aft pafied in the Forty eighth Year of VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AElfor i repealing the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and granting new Duties In 6 lieu thereof, and certain Additional Duties to he confolidated there-‘ with ; and alfo for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, c and granting new Duties In lieu thereof\ to he placed under the Ma-

*	nagement of the CommiJJioners for the Affairs of Taxes, certain Duties « were granted to His Majefty upon Houfes, Windows and Lights,

6 as fet forth in the Schedule to the faid Aft annexed, marked (A.)

*	and upon inhabited Houfes, as fet forth in the Schedule to the

*	faid Aft annexed, marked (B.) : And Whereas it is become ufual c in Cities and large Towns, and other Places, for One and the fame 4 Perfon, or for each Perfon where two or more Perfons are in Part-

*	nerfhip, to occupy a Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes for their c Refiftence, and at the fame time One or more feparate and diftinft

*	Tenements or Buildings, or Parts of Tenements or Buildings, for c the Purpofes of Trade, or as Warehoufes for Lodging Goods,

6 Wares or Merchandize therein, or as Shops or Counting Houfes, 4 and to abide therein in the Day time only for the Purpofes of fuch

*	Trades refpeftively, which have been charged with the faid recited ‘ Duties, although no Perfon fhall inhabit or dwell therein in the

*	Night time; and it is expedient in fuch cafes to exempt from the 6 faid Duties fuch Tenements or Buildings, or Parts of Tenements 6 or Buildings, as are or fhall be foiely employed for the Purpofes 4 herein mentioned ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, on due Proof made in the manner herein direfted, to the Satisfaction of the refpeftive Commifiioners afting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft, that any Perfon or any Number of Perfons in Partner-Chip together refpeftively occupy a Tenement or Building, or Part of a Tenement or Building, which fhall have previoufly been occupied for the purpofe of Refidence wholly, as a Houfe for the Purpofes of Trade only, or as a Warehoufe for the foie purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting

F 2	Houfe,

67

48 G,3. c.55.

Tenements which have been occupied as Dwelling Houles fhall not be charged to Duties under recited Aft when employed l'olely for the Purpofes of Trade, or as Warehoufes, Shops, v;c.

Hosted by Google

6S

C.25.

57» GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

But fuch Tenements may be brought into Afleflment. Perfons claiming Relief to give Notice to Af-feflor, &c.

Tenements to be infpe£ted by AfTeffitf, &c.

If fuch Tenement ufed for any other Pur-pole, then Com-miAloners to af-fefs accordingly.

A ffe Amc-nts made on fuch Premifes for the Years ending 5th April 1816 and 5 th April 1817

Houfe, no Perfon inhabiting, dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only, for the Purpofe of fuch Trade, fuch Perfon or each of fuch Perfons in Partnerfhip refpeftively refiding in a fepa-rate and diftinft Dwelling Houfe, or Part of a Dwelling Houfe, charged to the Duties under the faid Adi, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, according to the Provifions of this Aft, to dif-charge the Affeffment made for that Year in refpeft of fuch Tenement or Building which fhall be fo ufed for the Purpofes of Trade, or fo employed as a Warehoufe for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe ; any thing in the faid Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all fuch

Tenements or Buildings, whether employed wholly for the Purpofes of Trade or as Warehoufes for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe, may be brought into AfTeffment as Dwelling Houfes in the manner direfted by the faid Aft ; and every Perfon intending to be relieved from the AfTeffment made in refpeft of his or her Tenement or Building ufed for the Purpofes of Trade, or as a Warehoufe for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe, by virtue of this Aft, fhall in fuch cafe give Notice thereof to the Affeffor or Surveyor of or for the Parifh or Place where fuch laft mentioned Tenement or Building fhall be fituate, and at the fame time deliver a Declaration in Writing, flating the Parifh or Place where the Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes, or Part of a Dwelling Houfe ufed as the Reft-dence of him, her or them, or his, her or their Family or Families, are refpeftively fituate ; and every Affeffor or Surveyor to whom fuch Notice and Declaration fhall be delivered, and every Surveyor of the Diftrift afting for fuch Parifh or Place, whether he fhall have received fuch Notice and Declaration or not, who fhall have Information of fuch Claim being made or to he made, fhall upon Requeft, from time to time and at all times in the Day time, be admitted to infpeft and furvey the Tenement or Building deferibed to be fo employed, as well internally as externally, and fhall inquire and examine into the Ufes and Purpofes to which the fame is or has been employed ; and if after any fuch Claim made, or before or after Allowance thereof, it fhall he difeovered that the fame Tenement or Building hath been employed for any other Ufe than for the Purpofes of Trade, or as a Warehoufe for lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe, or that any Perfon doth inhabit or dwell therein, except as aforefaid, then on due Proof thereof before the faid Commifiioners, they fhall and are hereby required to affefs and charge the faid Tenement or Building as a Dwelling Houfe to the Duties granted by the faid Aft, notwithftanding fuch Claim or any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary :	Provided	always, that nothing hereinbefore contained fhall

be conftrued to impeach or affeft any Exemption from the faid Duties exprefsly contained in the faid recited Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful

for the Commifiioners afting in the Execution of the faid recited AC' , - • ■ s Aft to difeharge any Affeffments which fhall have 1 - r. ".vsto r the Years ending the Fifth Day of April One thou-f	eight hundred and fixteen, and the Fifth Day of April One

thou fan d

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.25.

69

thoufand eight hundred and feventeen refpe&ively, on the Owner or Occupant, upon Houfes, Tenements or Buildings, which under the Provifions of this ACt would have been exempted from the Payment of Duties in cafe the faid A Cl had related to fuchlaft mentioned Affeffments ; and in all cafes where Affeffments fo difcharged fhali have been previoufly paid by the Parties, it fhali be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to certify fuch Difcharge or Difcharges, with the Caufe or Caufes thereof, to the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and in that cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direCt the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Divifion, who fhali have received the Sums fo paid under fuch difcharged Affeffments, to repay the fame to the Party ; which Order fhali be an Authority to fuch Receiver General to repay the fame, and fuch Repayment fhali be allowed in his Accounts: Provided always, that no fuch Affeffment fhali be difcharged except upon a Notice and Declaration being delivered by the Party making the Claim to the Affeffor or Surveyor of the Parifh or Place, in the fame manner as is required with refpeCt to the Exemption allowed by this ACL

IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Occupier of any Mill or Place of Manufacture or Warehoufe, not being Part or Parcel of any Dwelling Houfe, nor attached or adjoining to any Dwelling Houfe, nor having any internal Communication therewith, may by the Licenfe in Writing of the Commiffioners of the DiftriCt, figned by them, or any Three or more of them affembled at any Meeting, after due Notice given by the Occupier of fuch Mill or Place of Manufacture, appoint any One of his or her Servants named in fuch Licenfe' to watch and guard the faid Mill, or Place of Manufacture or Warehoufe, in the Night time, and that the abiding of fuch licenfed Servant therein, for the purpofe of watching and guarding the fame, fhali not render the Occupier thereof liable to any of the Duties granted by the faid recited ACL ‘ V. And Whereas by the faid recited A 61 certain Windows or

*	Lights in the Room of any Dwelling Houfe, ufed as a Dairy or

*	Cheefe Room, are exempted from the faid Dudes, provided that 6 the faid Window's or Lights fhali be made with Splines or Wooden 6 Laths, or Iron Bars or Wires, and wholly without Glafs : And c Whereas it is expedient to exempt from the faid Duties on Win-4 dows or Lights One Window or Light in any Dwelling Houfe 6 being a Farm Houfe, occupied by a Tenant, and bonaJide ufed for 6 the purpofes of Hufbandry only, in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, One Window or Light in any Dairy or Cheefe Room, or Room ufed as a Dairy and Cheefe Room in any Farm Houfe before defcribed, which fhali be ufed by the Tenant of fuch Farm Houfe for the purpofe of keeping Butter or Cheefe, or both, being the a&ual Produce of fuch Farm, for Sale or private Ufe, although the faid Window or Light be made with Glafs, fhali be exempted from the faid Duty under the fame Terms and Conditions as Windows or Lights made with Splines or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars or Wires, and without Glafs, are by the faid A Cl exempted from the faid Duty ; provided that the Regulations of this A Cl refpe&ing Warehoufes and other Places ufed for the purpofes of Trade, in order to obtain the

F 3	Exemp-

to be difcharged, and Money paid under fuch Af-felfments to be repaid by the Receiver General.

But no AflefT-raent difcharged but upon Notice, &c.

Mills or Places of Manufaflure, 8cc. not attached to a Dwelling Houfe not liable to Duty, though a Servant licenfed to guard the fame abide therein.

Provifo for One glazed Window in a Dairy in a Farm Houfe.

Regulations of this A& refpe£l-ing Warehoufes applied to fuch Windows.

Hosted by Google

70

C. 25, 26.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817'

48 G. 3. c. 14a.

49 G. 3. c. 64.

52 G. 3. C..129.

36 G.3.C.53.

Extending the granting of Annuities to Per-fons 21 Years old, and under

35-

Commiffioners may receive 4I. or 5I. per Cent. Stock for Pur-chafe of Life Annuities.

Average Prices of fuch Stock to

Exemptions granted by this Aft, and the Powers veiled in the Surveyors of entering, viewing and examining the fame, fhall be duly ob-ferved, praftifed and applied in regard to Windows or Lights in Dairies and Cheefe Rooms, as fully and effectually as if the fame Regulations and Powers were refpeftively repeated and exprefsly applied to the faid laft mentioned Windows or Lights.

CAP. XXVI.

An Adi to amend and render more effectual Four feveral Afts pafTed in the Forty eighth. Forty ninth, Fifty fecond, and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.	[23d	May 1817.3

4 XI7HEREAS an Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for enabling 4 tloc Commiffioners for the Redu3ion of the National Debt to grant 4 Life Jlnnuities : And Whereas another Aft paffed in the Forty 4 ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend an 4 A3 paffed in the lajl Seffion of Parliament, for enabling the Com-4 miffioners for the Redu3ion of the National Debt to grant Life An-4 nuities : And Whereas another Aft paffed in the Fifty fecond Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for amend-4 ing Two A3s paffed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of 4 His prefent Majefly,for enabling the Commiffioners for the Redu3ion 1 of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities : And Whereas ano-4 thcr Aft paffed in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend and render more ejfe3ual Three 4 federal A3s paffed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth and Fifty 4 fecond Tears of His prefent Majefy, for enabling the Commiffioners 4 for the Redu3ion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities : 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Afts fhould be amend-4 ed, and further Provifions made for rendering the fame more effec-4 tualBe it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, to extend the granting of Annuities to and for the Life of any fingle Nominee, or to and for the joint Lives of any Two Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver, who fhall be of the Age of Twenty one Years, and under Thirty five, according to the Provifions, Limitations, and Reftriftions of the faid recited Afts, except fo far as the fame fhall be altered and varied by this Aft ; and in order to facilitate the Purchafe of Life Annuities, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to accept and receive either Four Pounds per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities; and for the Purpofe of afcertaining the Price of fuch Stock or Annuities, the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England fhall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any of the faid Annuities fhall have been bought at the Bank of England, to caufe an Account to be made out of the Average Price thereof, according to the Regulations prefcribed by

Hosted by Google

C. 26.

71

the faid recited A&s in the cafe of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; which Account {hall be tranfmitted to the Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiffion-ers, for enabling him to afcertain the refpe&ive Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchafed under the Provifions of this A6t.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any Four Pounds per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities {hall be transferred for the Purchafe of Life Annuities, that fuch Four Pounds or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities {hall be firfb converted by the Computation of the faid Officer into Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchafer) according to the Average Price of thofe Stocks, to be afcertained as directed by the faid recited A6ls, and the Life Annuities to be granted thereon {hall be calculated and afcertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, including Fractions (if any) produced by fuch Converfion.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept and receive Money in lieu of any Bank Annuities recited in this A£l, or in lieu of Bank or Long Annuities in any of the faid recited A6fs, as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities; provided that the Annuity to be granted in fuch Cafes ffiall be afcertained and computed upon the Amount of Stock including Fractions (if any) which would have been produced if fuch Money had been previoufly invefted in either Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchafer) according to the Average Price thereof, to be afcertained as hereinbefore dire&ed ; and a Charge of Two Shillings and Sixpence fhall be made upon the faid Purchafer or Purchafers for every entire One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Stock produced as aforefaid, to be placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, to grant a deferred Annuity _or Annuities upon the Life of any fingle Nominee, of the Age of Twenty one Years or upwards at the time of Contract, to commence at any future Period to be fixed by the Purchafer, or to grant an Annuity or Annuities upon the Contingency of One Life, of Twenty one Years or upwards at the time of fuch Purchafe, fur-viving another affigned Life, not being under the Age of Twenty one Years as aforefaid ; the firft Half Yearly Payment of which latter Annuity ffiall commence on the Second Quarterly Day of Payment immediately following the Death of fuch affigned Nominee ; but previous to the Payment of the faid laft mentioned Annuity, a Copy of the Burial Regifter of the faid Nominee (or fome other fatisfadlory Proof) ffiall be produced to the faid Officer, accompanied by fuch and the like Affidavits as are required to be made and taken on the purchafmg of Life Annuities by the faid recited A As ; and upon the Produ&ion of fuch Proof the faid Officer is hereby required to certify the fame to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; Provided always, that it ffiall not be lawful to contra£t for or to grant any deferred or contingent Life Annuity as aforefaid, unlefs an Annuity amounting to Five Pounds or upwards ffiall have been previoufly purchafed, under the Provifions of

F 4?	this

he made out and tranfmitted ro Officer.

5I. and 4I. per Cent. Scook to be converted by Calculation into 3I. per Cent. Stock.

Money may be accepted in lieu of Bank Annuities for the Purchafe of Life Annuities.

Authorizing the Grant of deferred Annuities.

Copy of Burial Regifter of Nominee produced to Officer with Affidavits.

Hosted by Google

72

Regulations re-fpedting Com-miffioners graining further Annuities to Per-fors who have purchafed Life or deferred Annuities.

Commiflioners may receive Stock or Money from time to time for the Purchafe of Life Annuities dr deferred Annuities.

In cafe of Death of Parties before the Completion

C.26.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817.

this or the before recited Adis, upon the Life of the Perfon to be fo nominated.

V.	And be it further enadled, That for the purpofe of enabling further Purchafes to be made by any Perfon or Perfons on whofe behalf any Life Annuity, or deferred or contingent Annuity, (hall have been already granted, under the Provifions of this Adt or of either of the before recited Adis, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept the Transfer of any of the aforefaid Three Pounds, Four Pounds or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities to their Account in the Books of the Bank of England, the Amount of which (hall not be lefs than Twenty Pounds, or to accept and receive in Money an Equivalent thereto, in lieu of the faid Three Pounds, Four Pounds, or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be computed and afcertained according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Con-fcdidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as hereinbefore diredled, as the Confideration for an additional Annuity, to be valued and afcertained according to the Age of the Party nominated at the time of purchaflng fuch additional Annuity, in purfuance of the Provifions of this or the faid recited Acts.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That for the Purpofe of extending the Facilities for purchaflng Life Annuities, it lliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept and receive at all times the Transfer of any of the aforefaid Three Pounds, Four Pounds, or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities to their Account in the Books of the Bank of England, the Amount of which fhall not be lefs than Ten Pounds, or to accept and receive in Money an Equivalent thereto, in lieu of the faid Three Pounds, Four Pounds or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be computed and afcertained according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as hereinbefore diredled, as the Confideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities to be purchafed under the Provifions of this or the before recited Adis; which faid Sums of Money the faid Commiflioners fhall from time to time caufe to be laid out in the Purchafe of Bank Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be placed to their Account ; and the Interefl arifing from the Inveftment thereof, and alfo the Interefl of all fuch Sums of Stock transferred as aforefaid, fhall in like manner from time to time, as the fame fhall arife and become due, be laid out and invefled in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and fhall continue to accumulate for any Period to be fixed by the Purchafer or Purchafers, or by fome Perfon on his, her or their behalf; provided, that at the time of making the firfl Payment in Money or Transfer of Stock as aforefaid, the Purchafer or Purchafers, or fome Perfons on his, her or their behalf, fhall agree to convert the whole of the Stock which may be then accumulated (except as herein excepted) into an Annuity upon the Life of the Perfon to be nominated at the Expiration of the time fo fixed and agreed upon, fuch'Nominee being then Twenty one Years or upwards, or into a deferred or contingent Annuity upon the Life of fuch Nominee as aforefaid, under the Provifions of this or the before recited Acts.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That in the event of the Death of the Perfon or Perfons fo contracting before the Completion of

the

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.2 G.

73

the time agreed upon for converting the whole of the Stock which {hall have fo accumulated into a Life Annuity as fpecified in fuch ContraCt, the Probate of the Will of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Letters of Adminiftration, (hall be produced at the Office of the Commirtioner for the Reduction of the National Debt, and alfo an Affidavit of Identity, ilating the Day on which fuch Perfon or Perfons fo contracting fhall have died, to be made by his, her or their Executors, Adminiflrators or Afligns, (as the cafe may be) to enable the faid Officer of the faid Commiffioners to certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Amount of Stock to be transferred from the Account of the faid Commiffioners (all Dividends from time to time due thereon being previoufly inverted) to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank, being alfo the Agents of the faid Com-miffioners, are hereby required to transfer from the Account of the faid Commiffioners to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, the whole Amount of Stock which (hall have aCtually accumulated on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons fo contracting, up to the Day of his, her or their Deceafe, as fpecified in fuch Certificate.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in all cafes wherein Money fhall be the Confideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities to be granted under the Provifions of this ACt, fuch Money {hall be paid by the Purchafer or Purchafers, or by fome Perfon on his, her or their behalf, into the Bank, under a Certificate of the faid Officer of the faid Commiffioners, and upon the Production of fuch Certificate to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the.Bank of England, the faid Caihier or Cafhiers fhall and they are hereby required to receive all fuch Monies, and to place the fame to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, in any cafe in which any Sums of Money, or any of the aforefaid Three, Four or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, or deferred or Contingent Annuities, fhall be accepted and taken as the Confideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities, to ufe for the purpofe of carrying this ACt into Execution the Form of Declaration and Certificates in the Schedules to either of the faid recited ACts annexed, with fuch Alterations and Variations as it may be neceflary to adapt to the Nature of the cafe ; and from time to time to fettle and fix the Rates for pur-chafing Life Annuities in all the aforefaid cafes in which the fame fhall not be otherwife made and provided, according to fuch Tables of the Probability or Duration of Lives as fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners moft applicable ; any Thing in the faid recited ACts to the contrary notwithftanding.

i X. And Whereas it is expedient that the Schedules marked 6 (A.) and (B.) to. this ACt annexed, fliould be adopted in lieu of 6 the Schedule marked (F.) to the faid firft recited ACt, and in lieu i of the Schedule to the faid recited ACt of the Forty ninth Year c of His prefent Majefty’s Reign ;* Be it therefore enaCted, That from and after the parting of this ACt, the faid Two laft mentioned Schedules fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and the Schedules to this ACt annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), fhall be fubfti-tuted for and in lieu thereof; and fhall be ufed and applied for all the Purpofes to which the faid Schedules were ufed or applicable.

‘ XI. And

of Purchafe of Annuities, Stock to be transferred to Executors,

When Money is to be paid for Purchafe of Annuities, the fame to be paid into the Bank of England.

Commifliouers to ufe Forms of Declaration and Certificates, and fi x Rates of Purchafe of Annuities according to former A£ts.

Schedules (A.) and (B.) to be adopted in lieu of Schedule (F.) in 49 G. 3. c. 64.

Hosted by Google

74

C .26.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.lSi;.

Acceptnnce oF Annuities by One of the Pur-chalers, where Two or more are named, or by feme Perfon on his behalf, to be lufficient.

Officer of Com-millioners to ad-niiniiter Oaths,

free of Expence.

Perjury.

Certain Regif-ters of Death of Quakers or Dif-fenters to be taken in Evidence.

6 XI. And Whereas in and by the above recited Aft of the c Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty it is c enafted, that every Life Annuity purchafed as therein mentioned c fhould be accepted at the Bank of England by the Perfon or Per-

*	fons purchafing the fame, or by fome other Perfon or Perfons

*	duly authorized on his, her or their behalf, before he, {he or they i fhould be entitled to receive the fame : And Whereas in cafes ‘ where Life Annuities are purchafed in the Names of Two or more

<	Perfons it is found inconvenient to require the Acceptance thereof c by all the Purchafers ;* Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, in all cafes where any Life Annuity already has been or hereafter fhall be purchafed under the faid recited Afts or any of them, or of this Aft, in the Names of Two or more Perfons, the Acceptance thereof by One of the Perfons by whom or in whofe Names the fame may have been or fhall be purchafed, or by any Perfon or Perfons duly authorized on his or her behalf, fhall be fufficient to entitle the Purchafers to receive Payment of fuch Annuity from time to time as the fame {hall accrue and become due, in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Annuity had been accepted by all the Perfons in whofe Names the fame had been or fhall be purchafed ; any thing in the faid recited Afts or of this Aft to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That in order to facilitate the purchafing or receiving any Life Annuity or Annuities in purfuance of this or the faid recited Afts, it fhall be lawful in all cafes in which any Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, is or are required to be made and taken by this or the faid recited Afts, for the faid Officer of the faid Commiffioners to adminifler fuch Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations ; and he is hereby empowered and required to adminifler the fame in all fuch cafes (free of Expence to the Parties) ; any thing in this or the faid recited Afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon, in any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken before the faid Officer under the Provifions of this or the faid recited Afts, fhall wilfully or corruptly fwear or affirm any matter or thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties, as by any Laws now in force any Perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

‘ XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that Burial Regifters of c any Nominee or Nominees, extrafted from the Records of the 6 Society of Friends, commonly called Quakers, or from the Re-

<	cords of diftenting or other Chapels (not being Parochial), fhould c be admitted by the faid Officer of the faid Commiffioners for the

<	Purpofes of this and the faid recited Afts Be it therefore enafted, That the faid Officer fhall and he is hereby empowered to admit fuch Burial Regifters as evidence of the Death or Burial of any Nominee or Nominees, the fame being duly certified under the Hands of the Regiftrar thereof; provided that in all fuch cafes the faid Burial Regifter fhall be accompanied by an Affidavit of Identity, to be made and taken by and before fuch and the like Perfon or Perfons, or before the faid Officer, as is required on the Death of

any

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.26.	75

any Nominee or Nominees by the faid recited Afts or this Aft ; any thing in the faid recited Afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

No.

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England•

4 J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank 4	of England,	in purfuance of the Provifions of an Aft pafled in

4 the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 intituled An Ad; [here infert the Title of this Ad~\ That A. B.

4 the Nominee [or, in cafe of Two Nominees, One of the Two No-

*	minees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] defcribed in the

*	Certificate numbered” as above, and dated the	Day

4 of	granted for the Purpofe of enabling

4 the Transfer of

*	per Centum Bank [or, Long] Annuities, or Payment of

4	in	Money for the Purchafe of a Life

4 Annuity on the Life of the faid Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the 4 faid Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] was 4 living on the	Day	of

4 on which Day a Half Yearly Payment of the faid Annuity be-4 came due. Witnefs my Hand, this	Day	of

No	SCHEDULE	(B.)

FORM of Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England, upon the perfonal Appearance of the Nominee.

4 J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank 4 of England, in purfuance of the Provifions of an Aft pafled in 4 the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefiy, in-4 tituled An Ad \here infert the Title of this Ad~\ That A. B. the 4 Nominee [or, in cafe of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nomi-4 nees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] defcribed in the 4 Certificate numbered as above, and dated the 4 Day of	granted for the Purpofe of enabling the

4 Transfer of	per	Centum	Bank

4 [or, Long Annuities, or Payment of

4 in Money, for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life of the 4 faid Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the faid Nominees and the Life 4 of the longer Liver of them] appeared perfonally before me on * this	Day	of	.	Witnefs	my	Hand,

c the Day and Date above written.’

CAP.

Hosted by Google

C .21.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

7 c

Duties on Buck Wheat imported repealed, and in-ftead thereof a Duty of ios. per Quarter fhall be paid.

New Duty.

Buck Wheat may be ware-houfed under the Regulations of 43 G.3. c. 132.

The faidDuty to be paid on Buck Wheat on being taken out of Warehoufes for Home Con-fumption.

Duty how to be levied and recovered.

CAP. XXVIL

An A£t for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Buck Wheat

imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties,

until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight

hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof. [23d May 1817.]

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms 4 VV payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of Buck 4 Wheat fhould be repealed, and that other Duties of Cuftoms fhould * be impofed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upon BuckWheat imported into this Kingdom do ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen ; and that from and after the faid Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in lieu and inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, a Duty of Cuftoms of Ten Shillings for every Quarter containing Eight Bufhels of Buck Wheat: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of Buck Wheat to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof in cafe fuch Importers, Proprietors or Confignees fhall lodge and fecure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, under the Regulations required by an A61 paHed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for permitting certain Goods imported Into Great Britain to be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Duties and no other fhall be charged and payable on any of the faid Buck. Wheat which, having been warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority of the aforefaid A6t of Parliament without Payment of Duty, fhall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame fhall have been lodged or fecured, for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in this Kingdom, after the faid Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, notwithftanding the fame may have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the faid Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

III.	And be it further ena6ted, That the Duty of Cuftoms granted by this A6t fhall and may be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colledled, anfwered, paid and recovered, in fuch and the like manner as the Duties on Buck Wheat hereby repealed were or might be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid and recovered ; and the Goods fhall be fubjedt and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Seizures and Forfeitures^

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C.27,28.

77

feitures, as fuch Goods were fubjeft and liable to by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the faid Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all Monies arifing from the PLUY t0 Duties impofed by this Aft, the neceffary Charges of railing and *”t0 th® Ea*“d accounting for the fame excepted, fhall from time to time be paid app]jecj a’s the into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler, and former Duty, fhall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties

of Cuftoms impofed on the like Goods under the Head of Permanent Duties were direfted to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, jt^r^a^pCtj.-s

amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent g ^	*	’ Ali>

Seflion of Parliament.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall continue in Continuance of Force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hun-

dred and twenty one.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Aft: to extend the Powers of Two Afts for allowing BritiJJj Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in Britijh Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign VefTels; and to permit Articles, the Produce of Americay to be imported into the faid Ifland in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.	[23d	May 1817.]

*	TTTHEREAS an Aft: was paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of c VV His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Aft to allow

Britifh Plantation Sugar and Coffee imported into Bermuda in Britifh

5	Ships to he exported to the Territories of the United States of Ame-

*	rica in Foreign Ships or Fffels ; and to permit Articles, the Pro-4 duEtion of the faid United States, to he imported into the faid Ifland c in Foreign Ships or Veffels: And Whereas an Aft was paffed in c the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An

6	Aft for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain c Articles at the Ifland of Bermuda: And Whereas it is expedient 6 that the faid Afts fhould be extended fo far as regards the Articles c to be allowed to be imported and exported p Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in Addition to the Articles enumerated in the faid Afts it fhall be lawful to import from the United States into the Ports mentioned in the Afts above recited, in Veffels of the Defcription therein ftated, and under the like Authority, Reftriftions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, provided in the faid recited Afts, the Articles of Fruit and Vegetables being the Produce of the faid States; and in Addition to the Articles permitted to be exported by the faid above recited Afts, to export from the faid Ifland of Bermuda to the faid United States, in fuch Veffels and under fuch Regulations as aforefaid, Rum and Melafles the Produce of any Brit'fh Colony or Plantation in the Wefl Indiesy which lhall have been legally imported into the Ifland of Bermuda in any Britijh Ship or Veffel.

C A P.

5*G-3. c. 79.

53 G.3.C.50.

In addition to the Articles enumerated in recited Afls, Fruit and Vegetables may be imported, and Rum and Me-lades may be exported, &c„

Hosted by Google

52 G. 3- c. ioo.

45 G. 3. c. 57.

European Goods, Stc. may be exported from Newfoundland to the Weft Indies, &c. and from the Weft; Indies, &c. to Newfoundland.

C. 29.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

CAP. XXIX.

An A& to extend to Newfoundland the Provilions of an ACl pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize, from any of His Majefty’s Iflands in the Wef Indies to any other of the faid Iflands, and to and from any of the Britijh Colonies on the Continent of America, and the faid Iflands and Colonies.	[23d	May 1817.]

4 TTTHEREAS by an ACt pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of 4 VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to per-4 mit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any 4 of His Majefy*s Ifands in the Weft Indies to any other of the faid 4 Iflands, and to and from any of the Britifh Colonies on the Continent 4 of America, and the faid Ifands and Colonies ; it is enaCted, that 4 it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty’s SubjeCts 4 to export in any Britifh-built Ship or Veflel, owned and navigated 4 according to Law, from any one of the Iflands in the Wef Indies 4 belonging to His Majefty, to any other of the faid Iflands, or to 4 any of the Britifh Colonies on the Continent of America, and 4 from any one of the faid Britifh Colonies in America to any of the * Iflands in the Wef Indies belonging to His Majefty, or to any 4 other Britijh Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America,

4 any Goods or Commodities whatfoever of the Manufacture of Eu-4 rope, and alfo any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, dr Prize Goods,

4 which (hall have been legally imported into any of the faid Iflands 4 or Colonies, under the Rules, Regulations and ReftriCtions con-4 tained in an A 61 pafled in the Forty fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s 4 Reign, intituled An Aft to confolidate and extend the federal Laws 4 now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of cer-4 tain Goods and Merchandize into andfrom certain Ports in the Weft 4 Indies: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provifions of 4 the faid firft recited A61 to the Ifland of Newfoundland Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A61, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s to export in any Britifo built Ship or Veflel, owned and navigated according to Law, from the faid Ifland of Newfoundland to any of the Iflands in the Wef Indies belonging to His Majefty, or to any of the Britifh Colonies on the Continent of America, and from any one of the faid Iflands in the Wef Indies belonging to His Majefty, or from any one of the faid Britijh Colonies on the Continent of America, into the faid Ifland of Newfoundland, any Goods or Commodities whatfoever of the Manufacture of Europe, and alfo any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or Prize Goods, which fhall have been legally imported into any of the faid Iflands and Colonies, under the Rules, Regulations and ReftriCtions contained in the faid laft recited ACt of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

C.30, 81.

79

57° GEO. III.

CAP. XXX.

An Adi to regulate the Interefts and Periods of Payment of Navy, Vidlualling and Tranfport Bills. [23d May 1817.]

4	7"	HEREA.S	an	Adi	palled in the Thirty feventh Year of the

4 V V	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to provide

4 for the more fpeedy Payment of all Navy, ViBu ailing and Tranfport 4 Bills that Jhall be ijfued in future : And Whereas another Adi 4 palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An AB to amend an AB made in the Thirty 4 feventh Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled An AB 4 to provide for the more fpeedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling and 4 Tranfport Bills that fhall be ijfued in future: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of 4 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Ihould be em-4 powered to regulate the Interelt and Period of Payment of Navy,

4 Victualling and Tranfport Bills ilfued after palling of this Adi May it therefore pleafe Your Majelly that it may be enadied ; and be it enadied by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it fhall be lawful for the faid Commillioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, from time to time to order and diredl whether any and what Intereft fhall be payable upon Navy, Vidlualling and Tranfport Bills refpedlively, and alfo the Periods within which the fame fhall refpedlively be made payable : Provided always, that no fuch Bills fhall carry an Intereft exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny^/- Centum per Diem, to commence from the Date of the fame refpedlively, and to be paid at the time when fuch Bill (hall become payable or be made payable, at any longer Periods than Ninety Days from the Date thereof refpedlively ; any thing in the faid recited Adis, or any former Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadied, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commillioners of the Treafury for the time being to diredl any Alteration to be made either in the Rate of Intereft or in the Period of Payment of any Navy, Vidlualling or Tranfport Bill ilfued or to be ilfued in Payment or Part Payment, or in purfuance and performance of any Contradl fubfifting and in force at the time of the palling of this Adi ; but all fuch Bills lhall be made payable at the fame Periods, and fhall bear the fame Rate of Intereft, as if this Adi had not been paifed.

CAP. XXXI.

An Adi for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifecl by Lotteries.	[23d May 1817.]

[60,000 Tickets. ]

C A P.

37 G.3. c.26.

43 G. 3. c. 7.

Treafury may regulate the Intereft and Period of Payment of Navy Bills, &c.

But not to ex-ceedThree pence Halfpenny per Cent, per Diem.

Provifo for Bills ilfued or to be ilfued in purl'u-ance of any fubfifting Contradl.

Hosted by Google

so

C.32.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

52 G. 3- c. 139. $*•

§ 25-

Duties and Drawback on Stone Bottles granted by recited A& repealed, and in lieu thereof the following

Duties.

CAP. XXXII.

An Aft to repeal the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles, and

charge other Duties in lieu thereof.	[16th	June 1817.]

‘ TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty fecond Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for granting 4 to His Majejly certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported 4 into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excife of Two Shil-

*	lings and Sixpence is impofed for every Hundred Weight of 4 Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure, made in‘Ire* 4 landy and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the ‘ faid Aft an Excife Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence is im-

*	pofed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding

*	Two Quarts Meafure, imported from any other Place beyond the 4 Seas; and by the faid Aft a Duty of Two Shillings and Six-4 pence is impofed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, 4 not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure, made in Great Britain; 4 and by the faid Aft a Drawback of Two Shillings and Sixpence 4 is granted and allowed for every Hundred Weight of any fuch 4 Stone Bottles as aforefaid, upon the Exportation thereof to any 4 Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Iflands of Faro and 4 Ferro ; And Whereas, for the Proteftion of the Glafs Manu~ 4 faftures of the United Kingdom, it is expedient to repeal the 4 faid Duties and Drawback, and to impofe other Duties and grant 4 another Drawback in lieu thereofBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, all and fmgular the aforefaid Duties and Drawback fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in lieu and inftead of the Duties by this Aft repealed, there fhall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succef-fors, the feveral Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excife of Five Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure, imported from any other Place beyond the Seas, an Excife Duty of Five Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity.

And for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure, made in Great Britain, an Excife Duty

of

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

81

A.D.1817.

C. 32.

of Five Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity :

And that, in lieu and inftead of the Drawback by this Adi repealed, there fhall be paid, upon the Exportation of any Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, for and in refpedl whereof the Duties by this Adi impofed fhall have been paid, and which (hall be ftamped in fome vifible Part thereof in the making thereof with a Mark, to be directed by the Commiffioners of Excife, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Ifland of Faro and Ferro, an Excife Drawback of Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of fuch Stone Bottles.

4 III. And Whereas by the faid recited Adi every Bottle made of 4 Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay, the Mouth or Orifice 4 of which fhall not exceed in Diameter the Diameter of the Neck 4 thereof by more than One Quarter of an Inch, and which fhall not 4 exceed Two Quarts in Meafure, and no other, fhall be deemed 4 and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of the faid Adt: 4 And Whereas the above recited Defcription of the Stone Bottles 4 intended by the faid Adi has by Experience been found to be infuf* 4 ficient Be it therefore further enadled, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen fo much of the faid Adt as is laflly above recited fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, every Bottle or other Veffel which may be ufed as or for a Bottle, made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials, which fhall not exceed Two Quarts in Meafure, or the Month or Neck of which fhall not exceed in Diameter, in the narrowefl Part of the Infide thereof, Three Inches, and no other, fhall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of this Adi.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That fuch of the Duties by this Adi impofed as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in England for the time being, and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enadled, That the faid Duties and Drawback hereby impofed and granted fhall be refpedlively raifed, levied, colledled, recovered and paid in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawback of Excife re-fpedlively hereby repealed were or might be raifed, levied, colledled, recovered and paid ; and the faid Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities fo by this Adi refpedlively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the faid Duties irppofed, or entitled to the faid Drawback refpedlively impofed and granted by this Adi, fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubjedl and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reflridlions and Forfeitures to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or fpecially fubjedt and liable by any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force on and immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, refpedling the

57 Geo. III.	G	Duties

Drawl ack.

52 G. 3. c.139. § 24-

repealed.

What deemed to be a Stone Bottle.

Duties under Commiffioners of Excife.

Duties and Dravvback how to be levied and paid.

Hosted by Google

C.32.

57° GEO. III.

Application of Duties.

Bottles not to be made of lefs Size or Content than Three Ounces in Meafure of dialled Water.

Penalty 50!.

Amount of Duties to be added to the

A.D. 181

H'

/•

Duties of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Excife refpeftively, were or might be fubjeft and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, for fecuring the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Excife refpeftively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers, and Direftions therein contained, fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in Execution for and in refpeft of the faid feveral Duties of Excife and Drawback refpeftively hereby impofed and granted, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if all and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties by this Aft impofed (the neceflary Charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler, and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no Maker or Makers of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Bottles or other Veflels made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials, fhall make of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials whatfoever, any Bottle or Bottles, or other Veflel or Veflels which may be ufed as or for a Bottle or Bottles, fmaller or of lefs Size or Content than Three Ounces in Meafure of diflilled Water ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers fhall make of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials whatfoever, any Bottle or Bottles, or any Veflel or Veflels which may be ufed as or for a Bottle or Bottles, fmaller or of lefs Size or Content than Three Ounces in Meafure of diflilled Water, fuch Maker or Makers fo offending fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint ‘or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh refpeftively ; and that one Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

‘ VIII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been ‘ made before the palling of this Aft by Dealers in Stone Bottles, « upon which Duties are by this Aft impofed for fuch Stone Bottles, 4 to be delivered after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight ‘ hundred and feventeen Be it therefore enafted, That fuch Dealers delivering fuch Stone Bottles made after the Fifth Day of

July

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 32, 33.

83

A.D.18I7.

July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in purfuance of Prices fixed by fuch Contra&s or Agreements, fhall be allowed to add lb much Contrcfts. Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this A6t impofed for or in refpebt of fuch Stone Bottles to the Price thereof, and fhall be entitled by virtue of this A£t to be paid for the fame accordingly.

IX. And be it further enabled, That this vifions thereof may be altered, varied or re made in this Seffion of Parliament.

A6t or any of the Pro- Aft may be

pealed by any A6t to be ;il'erecf	dus

r	J	Seffion.

CAP. XXXIII.	.

An A£fc to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco for the Ufe of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Veffels making fhort Voyages.	[ 16th June 1817.]

* \X7^EREAS, by the Laws now in force, Ships or VelTels 4 V\ found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any 4.of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within certain Diftances of the 4 Coafts thereof, or which fliall be difeovered to have been within the 4 faid Limits or Difiances, and not proceeding on their Voyages,

4 Wind and Weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable Ne-4 ceffity and Diftrefs of Weather, of which Neceflity and Diftrefs the 4 Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command 4 of fuch Ship or VefTel fliall give Notice and make Proof before the 4 Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of any Port within 4 the Limits of which fuch Ship or VefTel fhall be found, immedi*

4 ately after the arrival of fuch Ship or VefTel within the Limits of 4 fuch Port, having on board any Brandy or other Spirituous 4 Liquors in any VefTel or Calk which fhall not contain Sixty Gal-4 Ions at the leaft, (except only for the Ufe of the Seamen then be-4 longing to and on board fuch Ship or VefTel, not exceeding Two 4 Gallons for each Seaman,) or having on board Six Pounds Weight 4 of Tea, or having on board any Tobacco in any Cafk or Package 4 whatever containing lefs than Four hundred and fifty Pounds 4 Weight, (except loofe Tobacco for the Ufe of the Seamen on 4 board fuch Ship or VefTel, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight for 4 each Seaman,) then not only all fuch Goods, but alfo the Ship or 4 VefTel on board which they fliall be found as aforefaid, with all 4 her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel are for-4 feited : And Whereas it has been found that great Quantities of 4 Spirits, Tea and Tobacco have been run into that Part of the 4 United Kingdom called Great Britain, without Payment of Du-4 ties, from Ships and Veflels making fhort Voyages, under Pre-4 text that the fame is for the Ufe of the Seamen on board the faid 4 Ships and Veffels ; for Remedy whereof it is expedient that the 4 Quantities allowed for the Ufe of the Seamen in fuch cafes ffiould 4 be reduced Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Veffels (not the paffing of this A6t, if any Ship or VefTel (not being fquare being lquare rigged) coming from any Place between Brejl 011 the Coaft of France j.JSSed) coming and the Helder Point on the Coaft of Holland, including the Texel bTtween Breft^ JJle and all Places on the Zuyder Zcey and all Iflands on the Coaft of and the Helder, France, the Netherlands and Holland, between Brejl and the Texel, &c. found hover-

G 2	fhall	ine,	&c.	having

Hosted by Google

84

C. 33.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.J817.

on board for the Ufe of the Seamen more than the Quantity herein fpecified of Spirits, Tea or Tobacco, fuch Goods and Vef-fels forfeited.

Such Vefiels coming from any place between Breft and Cape Finifterre, &c. having on beard a larger Quantity of Spirits, &c. than herein mentioned, Goods and Vefiels forfeited in lilce manner.

fhall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or fhall be found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Four Leagues of that Part of the Coaft thereof which is between the North Foreland on the Coaft of Kent and Beachy Head on the Coaft of Sujfex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Part of the Coaft of that Pan of the United Kingdom called Gnat Britain, or (hall have been difeovered to have been within the faid Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable Necefiity and Diftrefs of Weather, of which Necefiity and Diftrefs the Mailer or other Per-fon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Vefiel fhall give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cuftom3 of any Port within the Limits of which fuch Ship or Vefiel fhall be found, immediately after the Arrival of fuch Ship or Vefiel within the Limits of fuch Port, having on board, for the Ufe of the Seamen then belonging to and on board fuch Ship or Vefiel any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Half of a Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Two Pounds Weight in the Whole, or having on board any Tobacco, except loofe Tobacco, not exceeding One Pound Weight for each Seaman ; then not only all fuch Goods, but alfo the Ship or Vefiel on board which they fhall. be found as afore-faid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excifc.

II. And be it further enabled, That if any Ship or Vefiel (not being fquare rigged) coming from any Place between Brejl on the Coaft of France, and Cape Finijlerre on the Coaft of Spain, including all Iflands on the Coafts of France and Spain between thofe Places, or coming from any Place between the Helder Point on the Coaft of Holland and North Bergen on the Coaft of Norway, or from ■any Place as far up the Cattegat as Goftenbsrgh9 including all Iflands on the Coafts between thofe Places, fhall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or fhall be found at Anchor or hovering, or fhall have been difeovered to have been within the faid Limits or Diftances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable Necefiity and Diftrefs of Weather, of which Necefiity and Diftrefs the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Vefiel fhall give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of any Port within the Limits of which fuch Ship or Vefiel fhall be found, immediately after the Arrival of fuch Ship or Vefiel within the Limits of fuch Port; having on board, for the Ufe of the Seamen then belonging to and on board fuch Ship or Vefiel, any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the whole, or having on board any Tobacco, excepting loofe Tobacco not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman; then not only all fuch Goods, but alfo the Ship or Vefiel on board which they fhall be found as afore -faid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer

Hosted by Google

85

A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO.	III.	C.3S, 34.

or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures impofed by this A61 fhall be fued for, levied and recovered by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, or by A6tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

CAP. XXXIV.

An to authorize the Iffiie of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Confolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fifheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of thje Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned.

[i6th June 1817.3,

* TTTHEREAS great Advantage may arife, under prefent Cir-4 VV cumftances, in affording Employment for the labouring 4 Claffes of the Community, by the Advance of Exchequer Bills 4 and Money out of the Confolidated Fund, to an Amount in the 4 whole not exceeding the Sum of One million feven hundred and 4 fifty thoufand Pounds, to be lent by Commiffioners in Great 4 Britain and Ireland refpe6tively, under certain Regulations and 4 Reftriftions, for the carrying on of Works of a public Nature,

4 commenced or which may hereafter be commenced under Autho-4 rity of Parliament; or for the Encouragement of the Fifheries,.. 4 or the Support of Collieries or Mines in the United Kingdom ; or 4 for the Employment of the Poor in the Parifhes in Great Britain ;

4 upon due Security being given, in all fuch cafes, for the Repay-4 ment of the Sums fo advanced within a time to be limited May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena6ledand be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful for The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commiffioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to caufe or dire6l any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Pounds, in the fame or like manner. Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dire6lions (except where other Dire£tions for making out the fame are contained and particularly expreffed in this A61), as in and by an A61 made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign cl His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for regulating the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Billsy are ena6ted and prefcribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties,. Forfeitures and

G 3	Difabilities

Forfeitures how to be recovered.

His Majefty may authorize Treafury toifiue-Exchequer Bills not exceeding

ljJOO,ocol.

48 G 3. c. 1.

Powers of recited A<5t to extend to Exihe-

Hosted by Google

C.34.

b l

GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

quer Bills made out under this Aft.

Bills to bear an Jntereft of Twopence Halfpenny per Cent, per Diem.

Times when payable.

Such Bills not to be exchanged by Receiver for Money before the Day appoint -ed for their Pay merits, &c.

Bills received at the Exchequer locked up as Cafli.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may older the Advance of t25o,oool. out of the Produce of the Confolidatcd Fund there, for the Purpofes of this Aft.

Difabilities contained in the faid recited Aft of. the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, fhali be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in purfuance of this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid feveral Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Aft fliall and may bear an Interefl not exceeding the Rate of Two pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in refpeft of the whole of the Monies refpeftively contained therein, and fliall be made payable at fuch Periods as fhali be fixed by the faid Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Lord High Treafurer for the time being ; but neverthelefs fo as that all fuch Bills as fhali be advanced for the carrying on of any Public Works, fhali be made payable within Three Years from the iffuing thereof ; and all fuch Bills as fhali be advanced for the Aflifiance of any Parifhes in Great Britain fliall be made payable within Two Years after Eajler One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that the principal Sum contained in every fuch Bill, together with fuch Interefl as aforefaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof until the time appointed foe Payment thereof, fliall be paid off and difeharged upon the Days and times refpeftively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Aft, or fo many of them as fhali from time to time remain undifeharged and uncancelled after the refpeftive Days on which they fhali become due and payable, fhali and may after that time pafs and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colleftors in Great Britain of the Cufloms, Excife or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatfoever due or payable to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, and alfo at the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain from the faid Receivers or Colleftors ; but no fuch Receiver or Colleftor fliall exchange, at any time before the faid Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of fuch Revenues, Aid, Taxes or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which fliall have been iffued as aforefaid by virtue of this Aft ; nor (hall any Aftion be maintained again 11 fuch Receiver or Colleftor for neglefting or refufing to exchange any fuch Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the faid Day of Payment thereof ; any Thing in this Aft to the contrary contained in anywife notwith-flanding ; and that fuch of the fame Bills as fhali be received at the faid Receipt of Exchequer fhali and may be locked up and fecured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the faid Exchequer fettled and eflabliflied by Law for locking up and fecuring Monies received in Specie there.

V.	And be it further enafted, That at any time after the palling of this Aft, by or out of fuch Monies as fhali at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ariling in Ireland (after paying or referving fufheient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been direfted by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the faid Confolidated Fund), there fliall and may be iffued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-

7	land

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO, IIL

C. 34.

s7

land for the time being, from time to time, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, to be applied to the Purpofes of this Adi, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That the Right Honourable Ro- Names of Com-bert Seymour commonly called Lord Robert Seymour, the Honourable miffioners for William Lambe, Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, Sir Charles Ed- Great Britain. monjlotie Baronet, Sir James Sha<we Baronet, Sir John Perring Baronet, Thomas Sherlock Gooch Efquire, Edward John Hit t let on

Efquire, Charles Grant fenior, Efquire, John Chrijlian Curwen Efquire, Thomas Grimjlon EJlcourt Efquire, John Smith Efquire,

Henry Swann Efquire, Robert Matthew Cajberd Efquire, Thomas Reid Efquire, Benjamin Harrifon Efquire, John Thornton Efquire,

John Delafield Phelps Efquire, John Angerjlein Efquire, Jofeph Berens Eiquire, and Charles Bofanquet Efquire, fhall be and. are hereby conllituted Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain; and that it fhall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, may appoint by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and ap- Commiffioners point fo many and fuch Perfons as he or they fhall think fit, not ex- orheland, ceeding Fifteen in Number, to be Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland, and the faid Perfons fo to be nominated fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland; and all the faid Commiffioners are hereby refpedlively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Adi, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Gratuity whatever.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That any Two of the faid Com- Two Commif-

miffioners in this Adi named, before they fhall enter upon the fioners to take Execution of this Adi in Great Britain, fhall take an Oath before the following the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Mailer of the Rolls for the	^cr~

time being, in Great Britain ; and any Two of the Commiffioners d.

to be appointed for the Purpofes of this Adi by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, fhall, before they enter on the Execution of this Adi in Ireland, take an Oath before any One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland; which Oath the faid Chancellor, Mailer of the Rolls and Barons, or any or either of them, are and is hereby refpedlively authorized and required to adminifler ; the Tenor whereof fhall be as foliovveth ; that is to fay,

4 J A.B. do fwear, That according to the bell of my Judgment, I 4 will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral Powers and 4 Trulls veiled in me by an Adt, intituled An A& \_here fet forth 4 the Title of this AllJ, according to the Tenor and Purport of the 4 faid Adi/

And every other of fuch Commiffioners refpedlively fhall likewife and the others take the fame Oath before fuch Two Commiffioners, who are hereby	l,he	9at^

authorized and required to adminifler the faid Oath, after they fhall Two6 * themfelves have taken the famfe as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiffioners for Commiffioners the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain and Ireland refpedlively, n™y meet, ap-fliall have Power to meet and fit from time to time in fuch Place or po\nt? •c *rs>

3!lu eld ID 1111 it.CT

G 4	Places	oaths,&c.

Hosted by Google

88

C. 34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

and to allow 'Salaries, &c.

Officers in the Exchequer and in the Office of Vice Trea-furer in Ireland not to receive Eees unduly.

Commiffioners may examine upon Oath Per-fons willing to be examined, and receive De-pofitions made before Magi-ftrates.

Places as they (hall refpe&ively find mod convenient, with or without Adjournment; and they or any Three or more of them refpe&ively may appoint and employ a Secretary and fo many Clerks and Mef-fengcrs as they fhall refpe&ively think meet; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Execution of thi3 A£t in Great Britain, with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Writing under their Hands, and for the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61 in Ireland, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to allow to fuch Secretary, Clerks and Meflengers refpedtively fuch reafonable Salaries as to the faid refpe£live Commiffioners for the Execution of this A6t fhall feem meet; and alfo to employ a Solicitor, and any Civil Engineer or Engineers, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, and to allow to fuch Solicitor, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officer or Officers, fuch Salaries, Rewards or Emoluments as the faid Commiffioners refpecftively fhall think reafonable for their Care and Labour ; and to give and ad-minifter to fuch Secretary, Clerk, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers refpe&ively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trufts re-pofed in them by the faid Commiffioners refpedlively, and in all other things touching the Premifes ; and from time to time, at their Difcretion, to difmifs and difcharge fuch Secretary, Clerks, Mefien-gers, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors or other Officers, or any or. either of them, and to appoint others in their Place ; and the faid Secretary, Clerks, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the faid Trufts in them feverally and refpe&ively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch Service, other than fuch Salaries or Rewards as the faid Commiffioners fhall diredl, appoint and allow in manner by this A61 directed.

IX* And be it further ena&ed, That no Officer or other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever employed in and about the Execution of this A 61 in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Office of the Vice Treafurer for Ireland, fhall demand, take or accept any Fee or Gratuity whatfoever for their Care and Labour, other than fuch Salaries, Allowances, Rewards or Emoluments as fhall or may be granted to or be allowed to be taken by them refpecftively under the Authority of the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, in Great Britain, or under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being in Ireland.

X. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61, or any Three or more of them refpe6tively, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized to adminifter) all Perfons who fhall be willing to be examined touching all fuch Matters and Things as fhall be neceflary for the Execution of the Powers veiled in the faid Commiffioners by this A61, and alfo to receive any Affidavits or Depofitions in Writing, upon

Oath

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

a 34.

89

Oath or Affirmation, touching fuch Matters or things as aforefaid,

which {hall be made before any Juftice of the Peace of any County,

or any Magiftrate of any City, Borough or Town Corporate in Great

Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the Perfon making fuch

Affidavit or Depofition fhall refide, and certified and tranfmitted to

the faid Commiffioners refpedively under the Hand and Seal of fuch

Juftice or Magiftrate ; which Oath or Affirmation every fuch Juftice

or Magiftrate fhall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to

adminifter ; provided that in every fuch Affidavit or Depofition there Addition of

fhall be expreffed the Addition of the Party making fuch Affidavit Pany> &c* to be

or Depofition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.	Affidavit11

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons, perfons giving upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the faid Com- falfe Evidence miffioners for the Execution of this Ad refpedively, or if any Per- guilty of Perjury, fon or Perfons making any fuch Affidavit or Depofition as before mentioned, fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or fhall

in fuch Affidavit or Depofition wilfully and corruptly fwear, affirm or allege any matter or thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, fhall be and is and are hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain or Ireland refpedively Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjed and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful Treafury to ifiue for the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Money for de^ Three or more of them, or the faid Lord High Treafurer for the Q^es the time being, in Great Britain, and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Execution of this Chief Governor or Governors for the time being in Ireland, and Aft, of which an they are hereby refpedively authorized and required, to ifTue and Account is to be advance or caufe to be iffued and advanced all fuch Sums of Money before Par-to fuch Perfon or Perfons, in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as 1,ament< the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad in Great Britain or Ireland, or any Three or more of them refpedively, fhall by Writing under their Hands from time to time defire, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejl-minjler or Dublin refpedively, to be replaced in the manner in this Ad mentioned ; which Sums fo to be iffued and advanced fhall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other neceffary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Ad, without other Account than before the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury ; and which Money fo to be iffued fhall not be fubjed to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Affeffment whatfoever impofed by Authority of Parliament ; but that an Account of the faid Charges and Expences fhall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Two Months after the Expiration of the faid Com-miffions refpedively, if Parliament fhall be then fitting j but if Parliament fhall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That on the Day next after this Ad fhall have received the Royal Affent, or as foon after as the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad in Great Britain and in Ireland refpedively, or any Three or more of them who fhall have taken the faid Oath, can refpedively affemble, the faid Commiffioners fhall refpedively proceed to receive, or fhall appoint a proper Per-

Comrniffioners to meet to receive or appoint a Perfon to receive Applications in Writing for the Loan of Exchequer Bills,

Hosted by

Google

C.34.

57* GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

and to afcertain the Amount immediately wanted.

Having Regard to the Security offered, and other matters herein mentioned.

Commiflioners to caule Applications to be clafTed, and to eftablifK Regulations for apportioning the Sums to be advanced.

Such Regulations to be entered, and thereupon to confider Applications and make Inquiries, and determine accordingly.

fon for receiving, all fuch Applications in Writing as fhall be made to them refpeftively from any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies of Proprietors, or Perfon or Perfons engaged in or defirous of carrying on or interefted in any Works of a public Nature, carried on or which may hereafter be carried on under the Authority of Parliament, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any Applications for the Encouragement of Fifheries, or the Support of any Collieries or Mines, or from any Parifhes in Great Britain, for the Loan and Advance of Money, by Exchequer Bills or otherwife, according to this Aft; and the faid Commiflioners fhall alfo then fix and appoint fubfequent Days for taking into their Confideration all fuch Applications, and fhall meet together for that Purpofe, and fhall proceed with all convenient Difpatch to afcertain the Amount of the Sums which in their Judgment it will be expedient to advance under this A6t, in purfuance of Applications made for fuch Afliftance ; having Regard, in confidering all fuch Applications as fhall be made for the carrying on of fuch Public Works, Fifheries, Collieries or Mines, to the Benefit which may arife in affording Employment for the labouring Claffes of the People, and the Numbers to be employed, and to the ultimate Security which may be afforded by the Rates and Tolls of fuch Public Works for the Repayment of the Money advanced ; and in confidering all fuch Applications from Parifhes in Great Britain, to the fpecial Difficulties experienced in the Parifhes requiring Afliftance, and to the Sufficiency of the Securities which may be propofed, whether on the Parifh Rates or otherwife.

XIV. And be it further enafted, That the feveral Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft fhall and they are hereby refpeftively required, before any Appointment fhall be made of any Exchequer-Bills, or Money to be advanced under this Aft, to caufe all the Applications delivered to fuch Commiflioners refpeftively to be claffed according to the Amount of the Sums refpeftively applied for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and the Circumftances, as far as the fame fhall appear upon the faid Applications, and thereupon to draw up and eftablifh fuch general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in the apportioning and diftributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills or Money under this Aft, to the feveral Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Perfons, or Parifhes applying for the fame, as they in their Difcretion fhall deem equitable and juft ; all which Rules and Regulations fhall within a convenient time be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by fuch Commiflioners refpeftively for that Purpofe ; and the faid feveral Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft, according to the true Purport and Meaning of fuch general Rules and Regulations as aforefaid, fhall proceed to take into their Confideration all fuch Applications which fhall fpecify the Amount of the Sums required to be advanced a9 aforefaid, and which fhall tender any Security which the faid Commiflioners are authorized by this Aft to take for the Payment of the Sums to be advanced, and which fhall alfo fpecify the Nature thereof; and from time to time, on Inquiry into the fame refpeftively, fhall determine what Bodies Politic and Corporate, Companies, Perfons and Parifhes, fhall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills or Money to be advanced or lent under this Aft, and to what Amount, and fhall afcertain

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 34.

91

When Commif-fioners have determined on the

ifliie Bills in G. B. agreeably to i'uch Certificates*

Provifo.

iffne Warrants for Advances agreeably to Certificate of Commiffioners

certain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them for the fame refpedively.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That when and as foon as the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad in Great Britain ffiall have refpedively determined upon any Amount of fuch Bills to be advanced under the Provifions of this Ad, the faid Commiffioners Amouiit^Mo-ffiall forthwith refpedively certify fuch Amount to the Auditor of v£mced andcer-the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler for the time tified the fame, being, who on fuch Certificate or Certificates being depofited in his Auditor of the Office (hall caufe and dired to be delivered to the Bearer or Bearers Exchequer 10 thereof, in the manner and under the Regulations fpecified in this Ad, Exchequer Bills payable at fuch Periods and to fuch Amount as the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad ffiall dired, provided that the total Amount to be iffued by virtue of fuch Certificates (hall not at any one time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills direded to be iffued under this Ad ; and every fuch Exchequer Bill ffiall bear Date on the Day on which the faid Certificates

ffiall appoint and dired, and ffiall and may be figned by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Perfon duly authorized by the faid Auditor to fign the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That when and as foon as the In the like cafe faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad in Ireland ffiall have in Ireland Lord determined upon any Amount of fuch Money to be advanced under ^eu\e^anta^ the Provifions of this Ad, the faid Commiffioners ffiall forthwith certify fuch Amount to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by one or more Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other there, as by Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being ffiall,

on Receipt of any fuch Certificate, dired his Warrant to the Vice Treafufer of Ireland for the iffuing fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be fpecified in fuch Certificate, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, in manner direded by Two Ads, the one made in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled 54 G. 3. c. 83. An Aft for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and IJfues of His Majefy’s TreaJ'ury, and for fecuring the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants in Ireland ; and the other made in the lalt Seffion of Parliament, intituled An 56 G. 3. c. 98, Aft to unite and confolidate into One Fund all the public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland ; and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom ; and every fuch Certifi- Certificate to be cate ol the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad in Ire- preiented at Of-land, ffiall be prefented at the Office of the faid Vice Treafurer for ficeofVice Ireland, together with fuch Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or	'

other Chief Governor or Governors ; and every fuch Certificate ffiall Auditor of the be depofited and ffiall remain in the Office of the Auditor General Exchequer, of the Exchequer in Ireland ; provided, that the whole Amount of Money to be iffued by virtue of fuch Certificates of the faid Com-miffioners, (hall not at any one time exceed the Sum of two hundred and fifty thoul'and Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral Com- Commiffioners miffioners for the Execution of this Ad, or any Three or more of may appoint them refpedively, (hall fix and appoint other proper and convenient	^

Days for taking into Confideration fuch further Applications as ffiall ther Appfica^"

from tions from time

Hosted by Google

C. 34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

to time, foe. and certify to Trea-fury, who may direct further Bills to be ifiTued, &c.

I/ilhs of Exchequer Bills made out to be delivered to the Commiflioners.

Lift of Warrants from Lord Lieutenant to be delivered to Commiflioners.

Perfonsto whom Bills Hull be advanced to enter into Security as Commiflioners fhall deem neceflary.

Security to be by Writing obligatory to the ICing.

from time to time be made to them, and fhall afeertain the Amount of fuch Exchequer Bills or Money as fhall be required to be from time to time iffued for the Purpofes of this Aft, and fhall by like Certificate or Certificates as aforefaid certify the fame to the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or the faid Lord High Treafurer for the time being in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Irelandwho (hall refpeftively, on Receipt of any fuch Certificate, direft further Exchequer Bills or Money to be iffued to fuch Amount from time to time, until the whole of the Bills to be made out, and of the Money to be advanced in purfuance of this Aft, fhall have been iffued for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and the faid feveral Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft fhall from time to time proceed refpeftively to determine to what Amount fuch Exchequer Bills or Money fhall be advanced under this Aft, and fhall grant Certificates thereof, in fuch Form and under the like Rules and Regulations as are hereinbefore mentioned concerning the Exchequer Bills or Money to be firft iffued or advanced as aforefaid ; and the proper Officers fhall from time to time deliver fuch Exchequer Bills or ifliie fuch Money in the Form and manner before direfted.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That fuch Officers by whom fuch Exchequer Bills fhall be delivered fhall from time to time, upon Requifition of the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft in Great Britain, deliver to them at their Office complete Lifts of all the Exchequer Bills made out by them, fpecifying therein the refpeftive Dates and Sums expreiTed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the fame, and diftinguifhing therein the Perfons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the fame were iffued refpeftively.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the Auditor General of the Exchequer in Ireland fhall without Fee or Reward from time to time, upon Requifition of the Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft in Ireland, deliver to them complete Lifts of all Sums iffued by Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and counterfigned according to Law by the faid Vice Treafurer, fpecifying the refpeftive Dates and Sums exprefled therein, and diftinguifhing the Perfons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates in confe-quence whereof the faid Warrants were iffued refpeftively.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Exchequer Bills or fuch Sum or Sums of Money refpeftively fhall be advanced or lent, for the Ufe of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, in the United Kingdom, or Parifh or Parifhes in Great Britain, or for any fuch other Purpofe as aforefaid, under the Provifions of this Aft, fhall previoufly enter into fuch Security in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the cafe may require, and as the feveral Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft, or any Three or more of them, fhall refpeftively deem neceflary ; which Securities the faid Commiflioners refpeftively, or any Three or more of them, fhall by their Difcretion have full Power and Authority to caufe to be taken ; and every Security to be taken in purfuance of this Aft fhall be by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord The King, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be direfted by fuch Commiflioners refpeftively, or any Three or more of them, by virtue of this Aft, to be paid to our

faid

Hosted by

Google

57* GEO. III.

C.34.

93

faid Lord The King, by fuch Form of Words as Obligations to The King’s Majefly have been ufed to be made, and with fuch Conditions to be thereunder written as by fuch Commifiioners refpeftively fhall be deemed proper ; and that all fuch Obligations to be fo made fliall be good and effeftual in the Law, and (hall be of the fame Quality, Force and Effeft to all Intents and Purpofes as any Obliga* tion made to our Sovereign Lord the now King or his Predeceffors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged^ received or taken to be; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided, that no Perfon who fhall enter Perrons lo giving into any fuch Security for any Money to be advanced for carrying Security not on of any Public Work, or for the Encouragement of any Fifhery, k°bnd or Support of any Colliery or Mine, fhall be liable in refpeft of any feription! ” fuch Security for any larger Amount than the Sum for which any fuch Perfon fhall refpeftively become perfonally bound by his individual Subfcription.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be Depofit of Stock lawful for the faid Commifiioners refpeftively, in every cafe under may be received this A61, to accept and take any Depofit or Transfer of any Public mtteadof per-Funds, Stock or Securities, or to accept a Charge upon the Poor’s fonal security. Rate of any Parifh in Great Britain, as hereinafter mentioned, in lieu

and inftead of perfonal Security.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes of Afiiftance Commifiioners afforded by the Loan or Advance of any Bills or Money under the to require Mort-Provifions of this A61, for the carrying on of any fuch public Works, SaS*8 ^^olls of Collieries or Mines, the feveral Commifiioners for the Execution of aUC0(]Caterai S ^ this Aft fhall, in Addition to the Security required to be taken Security, from the Perfons applying for fuch Afiiflance, require and take Mortgages, Aflignments or other competent Security, upon the

Rates, Tolls and Receipts accruing or which may at any time thereafter accrue, arife or be taken, collefted or received by or for the Ufe of the Body Corporate or Politic, or Company of Proprietors,

.or Perfons interefted in the public Work in refpeft or in aid of which the Advance of Bills or Money under this Aft fhall have been made, for the fecuring the Repayment of the full Amount of the Bills or Money advanced, together with all the Interefi which may arife and become due upon fuch Amount ; and it fhall be lawful for Proprietors o* any fuch Body Corporate or Politic, or for the Company of Pro- fuch Works em-! prietors to whom any fuch public Work fhall belong, or for the re- P(nveredt0. fpe6live Truftees, Commifiioners, Committees of Management, or priority over all other Perfons, by whatever Name or Names called, under whofe Securities, ex-Care, Management or Control, any fuch public Work fhall be, to cept thofe of mortgage, afllgn and fecure fuch Rates, Tolls or Receipts to the Se- b?na fide Cre-cretary of the faid Commifiioners refpeftively, in fuch manner as ditors entitled to fhall be required by the faid Commifiioners refpeftively, and alfo to tht?rRrircipal any Perfon or Perfons who fliall have become Security for any Ad- a£ Well as vances made under the Provifions of this Aft, as a collateral Secu- Intereft. rity to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have entered into any fuch Security for the due and full Payment of the full Amount of all Bills or Money fo advanced, together with Interefi thereon, according to the Provifions of this Aft ; and all fuch Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, Aflignments and other Securities, fliall have Priority over and fhall precede all other Securities, and all Dividends and Divi-fion of Profit or Interefi upon any Sums advanced Or contributed,

or

Hosted by Google

94

C. 34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

It' Four Fifths of Creditors con--fent, Mortgage of Tolls to Com-mififioners, or to X^erfons giving Perfonal Security, to have Priority over Claims of all Creditors of like Defcription.

or which may thereafter be advanced or contributed for the carrying on or completing of any fuch public Work, fave and except fuch Sums as (hall have been advanced by way of Loan, before the Advance of fuch Bdls or Money, by any Perfons as bond Jlde Creditors, and entitled as fuch to the Repayment of the principal Money advanced by them, as well as Intereft thereon ; any thing contained in any AT or ATs of- Parliament relating to any fuch public Work, in aid or in refpeT of which any fuch Bills or Money fhall have been advanced under the Provifions of this AT, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaTed, That in every cafe in which Four Fifth Parts in Amount in Value of the Creditors who have Securities of a like Nature upon the Rates, Tolls or Receipts arifing out of any public Work in aid or in refpeT of which any Application {hall be made for the Advance of Bills or Money under the Provifions of this AT, fhall agree and lignify their Confent in Writing that a Priority over their Claims as fuch Creditors fhall be given to the Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this AT, or to any Perfons who have applied for fuch Alliftance in refpeT of ,fuch Advance, then and in fuch cafe the Mortgage, Alignment, or other Security given by the Body Politic or Corporate, or Company of Proprietors, or Perfons interefted in any fuch public Work, to the Secretary of fuch Commiflioners refpeTively, and to the Perfon or Perfons upon whofe Perfonal Security fuch Advance of Bills under this AT fhall have been made, fhall have Priority over the Claims of all the Creditors of a like Defcription, as well as fuch Creditors as have not agreed or affented to fuch Priority, as to thofe who have fo agreed as aforefaid ; any thing contained in any AT or ATs of Parliament relating to any fuch public Work as aforefaid, or any thing contained in any Mortgage, Alignment or other Security upon fuch Rates, Tolls or Receipts given to any fuch Creditors, to the con-

trary notwithftanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enaTed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners for the Execution of this AT in Ireland, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to make any Advance of Money under this AT in aid of any public Work in Management of Ireland carried on under the Management and DireTion of Com-Commjflioners millioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or under the Management and DireTion of the Corporation of any City or Town, or of any other Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits which are or fhall be levied, paid and applied under the Authority or Control of any fuch Commiflioners or Perfons fo appointed ; and that in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this AT in Ireland, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direT fuch Advance to be made upon Mortgage or Affignment of fuch Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only, without requiring any Perfon or Perfons to enter into any Perfonal Security by Writing obligatory to His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in manner herein before mentioned ; any thing in this AT contained to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that on all Money

fo

Money may be advanced for public Works in Ireland on Mortgage of Rates under the

appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, or under the Management of Corporations, &c. without perfonal Security.

Intereft at 61. per Cent, per Annum, and Principal Money repaid by a Sinking Fund as herein mentioned.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.34.

95

fo advanced there be paid an Intereft after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that the Principal Money fo advanced fhall be repaid by Means of a Sinking Fund of not lefs than Six Pounds per Centum, within fuch time as the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A6I, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, fhall diredl and appoint, and as (hall be fpecified in the Mortgage or Alignment to be made for fuch Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, purfuant to the Directions of this A61.

XXV. Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That it {hall be lawful Money may be for the Commiffioners for the Execution of this ACt in Great ac^.ncTl *°,r . Britain, to make any Advance of Money under this A6f in aid of Great Brita in 'in any public Work, upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or certain cafes, on Profits arifing from any public Work which fhall be in part com- Mortgage of pleted, and the Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits of which fhall pro- Rates of Works duce a clear adtual Surplus, after Payment of all Expences of Ma- comPleted> nagement, of not lefs than double the Amount of the Sum neceffary to pay the Intereft of the Sum required to be advanced ; and alfo upon the Credit of the Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits of any public Work which fhall be in part completed, but which fhall not have produced any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, or the Rates, Rents,

Tolls or Profits of which fhall be lefs than fuch double Amount as aforefaid, or which fhall not be commenced ; provided that in each Provifo as to of fuch laft mentioned cafes the faid Commiffioners fhall be fatisfied Amount of Mo-of the Pra&icability and Utility of the Work, and of the Rates, expended onfuch Rents, Tolls and Profits being, when the Work fhall be completed, Works, an adequate Security ; and provided that the Corporation, Company or Perl'on or Perfons carrying the fame into Execution, fhall expend or depofit, in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall diredl, before any Advance fhall be made under the Provifions of this A61, a Sum equal to not lefs than One Half Part of the eftimated Cofts for the Completion of the whole Work : Provided always, that in In the Eftimate the Eftimate of the Sum to be fo expended or depofited, the faid °ftde Sum t0 be Commiffioners may, if they fhall fee fit, take into Confideration Mo- th^Commif0* nies already expended upon fuch Work, but fo as that in no cafe the fioners may *on_ further Expenditure or Depofit required as aforefaid fhall be lefs than fijer the Monies One Third of the eftimated Cofts for the Completion of the whole already expend-Work; and in every fuch cafe fuch Advance may be made upon ed*

Mortgage or Affignment of fuch Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits

only, without requiring any Perfon or Perfons to enter into any

Perfonal Security by Writing obligatory to His Majefty, His Heirs

and Succeffors, in manner herein before mentioned ; any thing in this

A61 contained to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, Intereft at 5].

that on all Money fo advanced there be paid an Intereft after the Per ^ent* Per

Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and that the Prin-

cipal Money fo advanced fhall be repaid by means of a Sinking Fund an(j Principal*

of not lefs than Five Pounds per Centum, within fuch time as the Monies repaid

Commiffioners for the Execution of this A6t fhall direct and appoint, by a Sinking

and as fhall be fpecified in the Mortgage or Affignment to be made ^Lmd-

for fuch Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, purfuant to the Diredtions

of this Adt, unlefs Provifion fhall be otherwife made to the Satis-

fadbion of the Commiffioners for the Repayment of fuch Principal

within Ten Years at the fur theft : Provided alfo, that in every cafe Parties applying

the Parties making Application for any fuch Advance fhall under- for Money to

take

Hosted by Google

D6

C.34.

57* GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

undeitake and to complete the Work.

Money may be advanced for building, enlarg ing or repairing Churches.

Security on the Pews, &c.

Truftees of Roads to whom Advances are made under this A&mayincreafe Tolls for Repayment.

Separate Account of fuch additional Tolls to be kept.

Commiflioners for Drainage for which Advances (hall be made,

take to complete any Work fo approved by the faid Commifiioners, and on which any fuch Advance may have been made, at their own proper Cods and Charges, in cafe the Expence of completing the fame fhall exceed the eftimated Amount as aforefaid.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners refpe&ively to advance any Money under this A6t for the building, enlarging or repairing of any Church or Parochial Chapel in the United Kingdom, upon having a Sum equal to One Half Part of the eftimated Expence of fuch Building, Enlargement or Repair fubfcribed for or depofited or veiled in any public Fund, without requiring any fuch Perfonal Security as aforefaid ; and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the Churchwardens of the Parifh to which fuch Church (hall belong, or the Truftees of the faid Church or Chapel, and they are hereby authorized and required to make Rates, and fhall give the Pews in Security for the Repayment of the Intereft of the Monies advanced under the Provifions of this Ad, and for providing annually a Fund of not lefs than the Amount of the Intereft upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Truftees of any Road for which any Advance fhall be made under the Provifions of this Ad, or the major Part of the Truftees, not being lefs than Two Thirds of the Number of Truftees prefent at any Meeting called together by Notice given in the ufual manner in which Notices are given for aflembling fuch Truftees Six Days at the leaft before the Day appointed for the Meeting, and in which Notice the Purpofe for which the Meeting is afiembled fhall be ftated, to make an Order for laying on of fuch additional Tolls, not exceeding in any cafe One Half of the Amount of the Tolls which may be legally taken by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament then in force in relation to fuch Road, as may be neceflary, in the Judgment of the faid Truftees, for raifing a fufficient Fund for the Repayment of any fuch Advance, and with all Intereft thereon, within the Period ftipulated under the Provifions of this Ad for fuch Repayment ; and from and after the Period fpecified in any fuch Order, all fuch additional Tolls may be demanded, taken, colleded and recovered by the fame Perfon, and by and under all fuch and the like Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provifions and Remedies, as Tolls are taken in relation to fuch Road under the Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament, in like manner in any refped as if fuch additional Tolls were inferted in and made Part of the Tolls allowed to be taken and colleded under the faid Ad or Ads; any thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to any fuch Road to the contrary thereof notwithftanding : Provided always, that in every fuch cafe a feparate and diftind Account fhall be kept of the Produce of fuch increafed and additional Tolls, and the Amount collected and arifing from fuch increafed and additional Tolls fhall in every fuch cafe be applied folely in the Repayment of fuch Advance, with Intereft thereon, under the Provifions of this Ad; and when and fo foon as fuch Repayment fhall be completed, all fuch additional Tolls fhall ceafe and determine.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted. That it fhall be lawful for the Commifiioners or Truftees of any Drainage for which any Advance fhall be made under the Provifions of this Ad; or the major

Part

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 34.

97

Part of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, not being lefs than Two Thirds of the Number "prefent at any Meeting called together by Notice given in the ufual manner in which Notices are given for aftembling fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, Six Days at the lead before the Day appointed for the Meeting, and in which Notice the Purpofe for which the Meeting is aftembled ftiall be ftated, to make an Order for laying on of fuch additional Rates or Afteft-ments, not exceeding in any cafe One Half of the Amount of the Rates or Afleftments which inay be legally taken by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament then in force in relation to fuch Drainage, as may be neceftary in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees for railing a fufficient Fund for the Repayment of any fuch Advance, and with all Intereft thereon, within the Period ftipulated under the Provifions of this Aft for fuch Repayment ; and from and after the period fpecified in any fuch Order, all fuch additional Rates or Afleftments may be rated and affeffed, and demanded, taken, collefted, levied and recovered, by the fame Perfons, and by and under all'fuch and the like Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provifions and Remedies, as Rates and Afleftments are rated, aflefled, demanded, taken, collefted, levied and recovered in relation to fuch Drainage under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in like manner in any refpeft as if fuch additional Rates and Afleftments were inferted in and allowed to be aflefled, taken andcollefled under the faid Aft or Aftsj any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to any fuch Drainage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding:	Provided	always, that in

every fuch cafe a feparate and diftinft Account fhall be kept of the Produce of fuch increafed and additional Rates and Afleftments, and the Amount collefted and arifing from fuch increafed and additional Rates and Afleftments fhall in every fuch cafe be applied folely in the Repayment of fuch Advance with Intereft thereon, under the Provi-ftons of this Aft, and when and fo foon as fuch Repayment fhall be completed, all fuch additional Rates and Afleftments fhall ceafe and determine.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no fuch Exchequer Bills fhall be advanced in Aid of any Parifh in Great Britain, unlefs the Application for fuch Advance fhall be made with the Confent of not lefs than the Majority in Number, and of Three Fourth Parts in Value, fuch Value to be calculated and af-certained from the laft Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in fuch Parifh, of the Perfons aflefled to and paying fuch Rates ; or where the Poor Rates of any Parifh fhall be under the Care and Management of any Seledt Veftry or Commiffioners, Governors of the Poor, Truftees or other feledt Body, then with the Confent of not lefs than Four Fifths of fuch feledt Body, by whatever Name the fame may be called ; fuch Confent to be certified by fome Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate adting as fuch in each Parifh, and one or more of the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place in refpedl of which the Application fhall be made.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That no fuch Application (hall be made for any Advance to any Parifh, unlefs with the San&ion of Two or more Juftices of the Peace, or Magiftrate adting as fuch within or for the Parifh, or within or for the Divifion or City, Town or Place within which the Parifh fhall be

57 Gjeo. III.	H	fituate	;

may increafe Rates for Repayment.

Separate Account of fuch additional Rates to be kept.

Advance for Parifhes to be made with Confent of Majority-in Number and Three Fourths in Value of Per-fons paying Poor Rates; or with Confent of Four Fifths of Seledl Veftry, &c.

Such Applications from Parifhes to have the Sanction of 'Two Juftices.

Hosted by Google

98

C. 34,

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

Advance to any Parifh not to exceed the Amount of 1 aft Half Year’s Poor Rate; Overfeers to pay Inftalmenl out of Poor Rates, and make Rates if necef-fary for the Purpofe.

Where Four Fifths of Proprietors of .Lands,&c. apply, Rate for Repayment made.

No Advance to any Parifhunlefs Money expended for the Poor fhall or fhall not be of a certain Excefs.

Advance to Pa-rifhes, when to be repaid.

iituate ; and the Application of all Sums fo advanced fhall be fub-je£l to the Infpe&ion, Control and Dire&ion, and the Accounts of fuch Expenditure fhall be fubjeft to the Audit and Allowance, of Two or more JuRices of the Peace or MagiRrates as aforefaid.

XXXI. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no larger Advance fhall be made to any Parifh in Great Britain, of fuch Bills, than fhall be equal in Amount to One Half of the Sum affeffed in the Parifh for the Poor Rates of the Parifh for the laid Year ending Eafter One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and ending at the ufual Quarter Day immediately preceding Eafter One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, according to the Period up to which the Poor Rates fhall be made in the Parifh ; and the Amount advanced, with Intereih thereon, fhall be deemed and taken to be and be a Charge upon the Poor Rates of the Parifh, until fuch Amount of Bills, together with all IntereR thereon, fhall have been duly difeharged and fatished ; and the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh fhall in every fuch cafe, upon Notice in Writing given to them for that Purpofe by any Perfon or Perfons upon whofe Perfonal Security any fuch Bills fhall have been advanced, Three Months before any InRalment fhall become payable, pay every fuch Inflalment from time to time as the fame fhall become due, out of any Money in their Hands ariiing from the Rates levied and collected in the Parifh for the Relief of the Poor, or if no fuch Money fhall remain in their Hands of fuch Rates, fuch Overfeers fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to make and collect new and additional Rates for the Purpofe of making from time to time fuch Payments, or of repaying to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall have made any fuch Payments, as the cafe may be, until the Whole of the Amount of the Bills advanced, with all Interefl due thereon, fhall be fully paid off and fatished.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That in any cafe in w’hich Four Fifths in Value of the Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in any Parifh of Great Britain, fhall apply for any Advance to any Parifh under the Provihons of this A61, it fhall be lawful to make, aflefs, levy, and colle6t Rates for the Repayment thereof, upon the Proprietors as well as upon the Occupiers of fuch Parifh or Place.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no Advance fhall be made under the Provihons of this Act for the Ufe of any Parifh, Townfhip or Place in which the Amount of the Money actually expended for the Relief of the Poor in the Year ending at Eafter One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, or ending at the ufual Quarter Day immediately preceding Eafter One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, fhall exceed by Three Fourths the Average Annual Amount of the Money expended for the Relief of the Poor for the Three Years preceding Eafter One Thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or fhall have not exceeded by One Half the Amount fo expended for the Year ending Eafter One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That the whole Amount of all the Bills advanced to Parifhes in Great Britain, with Interefl thereon, fhall be paid of!' and difeharged within Two Years from Eafter One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, by fuch In-Raiments, and in fuch Proportions, and at fuch Periods as fhall be fued and fettled by the Commiffioners in that Behalf.

XXXV. And

Hosted by Google

7° GEO. III.

C.34.

09

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the principal Sums Principal Sums

contained in the Exchequer Bills which fhall be advanced or lent by of Exchequer the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61 in Great Bri-	fn"er

tain under the Authority of tin's A61, (hall be repaid, without De- Cent, per An-du&ion or Abatement, together with Intereft for the fame, by num to be repaid Inftalments, (that is to fay) the principal Sum in each and every by Inftalments. Exchequer Bill fhall be repaid to the Cafhier or Cafliiers of the

Bank of England at their Office, together with Intereft for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Space of Fifteen Days at lead before the time when each fuch Exchequer Bill fhall become payable according to the Provilions of this A6t, fuch Intereft to be computed on the faid Principal Sum from the Date of fuch Exchequer Bill to the time of the Payment thereof.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena£ted, That the Principal Sums Sums advanced which fhall be advanced or lent in Ireland out of the Confolidated in Ir-eja^ *° Fund, under and in purfuance of the Certificates of the Com- inftalments1 as miffioners for the Execution of this A61 in Ireland, the Payment (hall be directed whereof (hall not be otherwife provided for purfuant to this A61, by Commiffion-fhall be paid without Dedu6Iion or Abatement, together with In- ers,with Content tereft for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One of Lord L'eu“ hundred Pounds by the Year, into the Receipt of the Exchequer

in Ireland, by fuch Inftalments and in . fuch Proportions and at fuch Periods and times as the faid Commiffioners fhall, by?- and with the Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, dire6t and appoint, and as fhall be fpecified accordingly in the Securities to be taken by the faid Commiffioners for the Repayment of fuch Money in manner herein before directed by this A61.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena6ted, That it Commiffioners fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A6t refpe61ively to extend any Periods of Repayment of any Money paymem. advanced under the Provifions of this A 61, in any cafe in which an

adequate Fund, not lefs in annual Amount than the Amount of Intereft payable upon the Money originally advanced, fhall be eftablifhed and fecured to the faid Commiffioners for fuch Repayment.

‘ XXXVIII. And Whereas the Parties to whom Exchequer Bills Bills iflued and 6 may be iflued in Great Britain by virtue of this A 61 may not have 1101 u^ed t0 < Occafion to make Ufe of all their BillsBe it further ena6ted, Exchequer0and That fuch Exchequer Bills as may be tendered in Payment or Part cancelled, of Payment, of any of the Sums advanced by virtue of this A£t, Certificate to fhall be returned to the Office at the Exchequer in Great Britain Ferfon return-from which they were iflued, and forthwith cancelled by the pro- inS* per Officer or Officers by whom the faid Bills were iflued, he or they giving a Certificate to the Perfon returning fuch Exchequer Bills for the Information of the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A6t in Great Britain.

XXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further ena6Ied, That it Commiffioners fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A6t for Great Britain in Great Britain, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any ^e^anl-ofEn Three or more of them, to authorize the Cafhier or Cafliiers of the ]and to employ2" Bank of England to employ any Monies which fhall be paid as Monies paid in aforefaid, in the Purchafe of any Exchequer Bilh which fhall be Purchafeof

H 2

payable Exchequer Bills.

Hosted

100

0, 31.

57" GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

After due Payment of Sums advanced with Intereft, Obligations to be delivered up to be cancelled.

Upon Default of Payment P10-cets may iffue.

Cods.

Sums recovered paid to the Bank of England or Exchequer in Ireland. Commiflioners may direft againft which of the Obligors Proceedings are to be had.

Proceedings not quaftied without Authority of Commiflioners.

payable at the Period then next enfuing, and fhall write thereon, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they fo purchafed fiich Bills, to which refpeftive Days the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers (hall be allowed the Intereft, upon his or their paying the fame into the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain as aforefaid ; provided that no Intereft fhall run or be paid upon or for any fuch Bills during the time they fhall remain in the Hands of fuch Cafhier or Cafhiers, but for fuch time the Intereft on every fuch Bill fhall ceafe.

XL. And be it further enabled, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Intereft as aforefaid, at the times and in the manner herein fpecified, every Obligation entered into in pur-fance of this Aft, being fully fatisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, fhall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled ; and in cafe any fuch Obligation fhall have been profe-cuted according to the Directions of this Aft, the Commiflioners for the Execution of this A (ft, or any Two or more of them refpe<ftively, fhall by their Warrant or Warrants direct the proper Officer or Officers of the Courts of Exchequer in England, Ireland or Scotland refpeftively, to enter up Satisfa<ftion in fuch Obligation or Obligations fo being fatisfied as aforefaid upon the Record, or otherwife to deliver up the fame to be cancelled, as the cafe may require.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any Default fhall be made by any Perfon or Perfons in the Payment of any Sum or Sums advanced under the Proviiions of this A<ft, it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners for the Execution of this A<ft, or any Three or more of them, to iflue their Warrant or Warrants from time to time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Di-reftion or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majefty in Great Britain and Ireland refpeftively, requiring fuch Officer or Officers prefently to proceed againft all or any of the Perfons who fliall have entered into any Security for the Sum advanced, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, for the Recovery of fuch Parts of the Sums advanced on fuch Securities as fhall be then due, together with Intereft as aforefaid, and fuch Cofts and Charges attending fuch Proceeding as fhall be by Law payable for the fame ; the Amount of which Principal Sums fo to be levied the faid Commiflioners refpe<ftively fhall caufe from time to time to be teftified by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of them refpeftively, to fuch Officer or Officers, and which Sum fhall be inferted in the Writ of Procefs; and the like Procefs fhall and may from time to time iffue as aforefaid, as Occafion fhall require; and the Sums fo recovered (the Cofts and Charges aforefaid excepted) fhall be paid to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or into the Receipt oF the Exchequer in Ireland, as the cafe fhall require, without Abatement, Deduftion or Delay, in Satisfaftion of fuch Demands ; and it fhall be in the Difcretion of the faid Commiflioners refpeftively to direft againft which of the Obligors in fuch Security fuch Proceedings fhall be from time to time commenced or profecuted ; and the faid Commiflioners refpeftively fhall have the Control and Superintendence of fuch Profecutions ; and the fame fhall not be difeontinued, quafhed or abated upon any Pretence whatever, without the Authority of the

Hosted by Google

57o GEO. III.

C.34.

101

faid Commiffioners, teftified under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them refpedlively, and exhibited to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at IVeJhninJler or Dublin, or to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the cafe may require.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further cna6led, That where any Proceedings fhall be directed by the faid Commiffioners under this A61 as aforefaid againll any of the Obligors, or any Obligor named in any fuch Obligation, no Writ or Writs of Scire Facias fhall be required to be iffued, but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the faid Commiffioners refpeclively as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the faid refpeClive Courts of Exchequer, an Extent may iffue in the fir ft Procefs upon the Fiat of fuch Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Caufe of fuch Proceeding than fuch Warrant or Warrants as aforefaid.

XLIII. And be it further enaCted, That every Obligation, or other Security entered into or given from and after the palling of this A61, by any Perfon or Perfons who fhall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the feveral Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and againll whom a Commiffion of Bankrupt fhall be awarded and iffued out in England or Ireland, fhall by reafon and force of fuch Bankruptcy, and from the time of fuch Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited* and due and payable as againll fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts ; and that all the Ellate and Effedls of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to fatisfy the Demands of the Creditors feeking Relief under fuch Commiffion of Bankrupt, fhall be liable and fubjedl to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interefb due upon fuch Obligation or other Security, and all Colts attending the Recovery of the fame ; and that the refpe6tive Claims of the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61 lhall be firll paid and fatisfied out of the Eflate and Effe6fs of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a fummary Way to the proper Courts in England and Ireland, having Jurifdi6tion of the Matters of fuch Commiffion of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which fuch Courts refpedtively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XLIV. And be it further ena6ted, That every Obligation, or other Security entered into or given from and after the palling of this A61, by any Perfon or Perfons who fhall afterwards become Bankrupt, and againll whofe Ellate Sequeftration fhall be awarded in Scotland, fhall by reafon and force of fuch Bankruptcy, and from the time of the Date of the Firll Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Seffion for awarding the Sequeftration, become and be due and payable as againll fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts ; and that all the Ellate and Effe6ts, Real and Perfonal, of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to fatisfy the Demands of the Creditors feeking Relief under fuch Sequeftration, fhall be liable and fubje6l and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Intereft due upon fuch Obligation or other Security, and all Colls attending the Recovery of the fame ; and that the

H 3	Claims

In Proceedings againft Obligors no Writ of Scire Facias requifite.

Securities of Perfons becoming Bankrupts in England or Ireland to be forfeited, and the Claims of Com-miffioners to be firll paid, &c.

Commiflioners under this Ait may apply to the Courts by Petition.

And alfo in Scotland.

Hosted by Google

102

C.34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.lSi;.

Commiffioners may accept Security for Sums due "from Bankrupts.

How far fuch Security to operate as a Releafe for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt.

Commiffioners may apply for Commiffions of Bankruptcy or Sequeftration.

Commiffioners of Bankrupt to admit Proof of Debt upon the Oath of Perfons appointed by the Com million ers under this A61 ; and permit fuch Perfon to vote in the Choice of Afficnees, See.

Claims of the faid Commiffioners (hall be paid and fatisfied out of the Eftate and Effects of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in reference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, neverthelefs without Prejudice to References duly obtained according to the Law of Scotland upon the Real Edates of Perfons who {hall become Bankrupts ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, in the Name of the Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a fummary Way to the proper Courts in Scotland, having Jurif-didlion of the Matters of fuch Bankruptcy, for making effectual the Payment of the Claims of the faid Commiffioners accordingly, and the faid Courts are hereby authorized and required to make the fame effectual accordingly.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the feveral Commiffioners for the Execution of this A 61 to accept from the Affignees under any Commiffion of Bankrupt iffued, or from the Factor or Factors, Truftee or Truftees, under any Sequeflration awarded againll any Debtor or Debtors in any fuch Loan under this A61, fuch Security for the Payment of the Sum due from fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Eftate or Effects, as the faid Commiffioners fhall refpc6lively approve ; and that the Acceptance of fuch Security by the faid Commiffioners fhall operate as a Releafe of the Eftate of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the faid Commiffion of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or Sequeftra-tion in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the faid Commiffioners, other than and except fuch Part of the faid Eftate as fhall be fpeciiied in Writing between the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61, and the faid Affignees under the faid Commiffion of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or between the faid Com-rniffioners for the Execution of this A61, and the Fa6lor or Factors, Truftee or Truftees under the faid Sequeflration in Scotland, to be referved by the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61, for fuch Security as aforefaid, in cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall require fuch Security.

XLYI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition or otherwife to the proper Courts in England or Ireland and Scotland re-fpe6lively, for any Commiffion of Bankruptcy or Sequeflration againil the Eftate or Effe6ls of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to fue and otherwife purfue the fame refpedlively, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England, Ireland and Scotland refpedlively,

XLVII. And be it further ena6led, That the Commiffioners named in any Commiffion of Bankruptcy, which fhall at any time hereafter be awarded and iflued out in England or Ireland, and the Court of Seffion, or Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the time, and every Officer or other Perfon concerned in the Management of the fequeflered Eftate of any Bankrupt ill Scotland, fhall admit the Proof of any Debt, or Grounds of Debt, under this A61, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of any Perfon appointed by the feveral Commiffioners for the Execution of this A61; which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit refpe6lively fhall be taken and adminiftered before any One of the proper Officers having

Authority

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 34.

103

Authority by Law to adminifter Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in cafes of Bankruptcy, and (hall permit fuch Perfon fo authorized by the feveral Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi, to vote in the Choice of an Affignee or Affignees, Fadlor or Factors, Truftee or Truftees, as the cafe may require, of the Eftate and Effedls of fuch Bankrupts, and to do and execute every other Adi, Matter or Thing relating to fuch Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if fuch Perfon fo authorized were the bond Jide Creditor of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commiffion of Bankruptcy by the Commiffioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in England and Ireland refpeCtively, or on the proceeding to or under Sequeftration in Scotland, provided that every Affignment of the Eftate or Effedls of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under the faid Commiffion in England and Ireland, and every Adi of Sequeftration of the Eftate or Effedls of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, fhall be fubjedl to the Claims of the feveral Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi, and until the fame fhall be fully paid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Provifion in this Adt, made with Application to any Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankruptcy, fhall be deemed and conftrued to extend to any Sequeftration awarded or to be awarded againft the Eftate or Effedls of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully and effectually as if fuch Provifion had been exprefsly applied thereto by this Adi.

L. And be it further enadled, That all Adis, Matters and Things which the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, fhall and may be done and executed by any Seven or more of fuch Commiffioners in Great Britain, and by the Majority of fuch Commiffioners in Ireland, un-lefs in cafes where it is otherwife fpecially provided by this Adi.

LI. And be it further enadled, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England fhall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain, under the Title of “ Commiffioners for the Iffue of certain Exchequer Bills,’’ and fhall carry to the Credit of fuch Account the feveral Monies by this A<ft diredted to be paid to the Cafhiers of the faid Bank ; and whensoever the faid Commiffioners fhall have advanced or lent any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Adi to any Perfon or Perfons, the faid Commiffioners fhall, at fome time before the Sums contained therein fhall be to be repaid, deliver to fuch Perfon or Perfons, at his or their Requeft, one or more Certificate or Certificates under their Hands, Specifying the Value of every fuch Exchequer Bill, the refpedlive Dates thereof, and the times when they will refpedlively become payable by virtue of this Adi; and the faid Cafhiers of the Bank, or one of them, fhall, upon the Produdlion of fuch laft mentioned Certificate or Certificates, by the Space of Fifteen Days or more after fuch Exchequer Bills fhall become payable, accept and receive from the Perfon or Perfons producing the fame the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, together with fuch Intereft, to be computed from

H 4	the

Adi not to delay the Execution of Commiffions of Bankruptcy or Proceedings under Sequeftration,

Provifions for Bankruptcy to extend toSe-queftrations ill Scotland.

Seven Commiffioners may adl.

Bank of England to open an Account with the Commiffioners.

Commiffioners to give Certificate of Particulars of Exchequer Bills advanced before Monies repaid. The Bank on Produdl ion thereof to receive the Amount with Intereft.

Hosted by Google

104

C.34.

57° GEO. III.

Like Certificate to Office;s on Commiffioners dire£ting Monies due to be raifed by Sale of Goods, &c.

No Fee on Receipts of Monies levied.

Commiffioners to atteft fuch Receipts.

Money paid into the Bank to be from time to time paid into the Exchequer, and kept apart from other Monies, and to be fubje£l to the Ufes herein fpecified.

A.D.1817-

the Date thereof to the time of Payment as aforefaid, and at the Foot of fuch lad mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the laid Monies ; and that whenfoever the faid Commiffioners fhall by their Warrant or Order have directed fuch Monies to be raifed or levied by Sale of any Wares or Merchandize depo-fited by virtue of this A6t, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue thereof in Default of fuch Payment as aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners fhall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame refpedlively a like Certificate as aforefaid, and further fpe-cifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be raifed or levied, and the Subfiance of fuch Warrant or Order to raife or levy the fame ; and the faid Cafhiers of the Bank, or any One of them* fhall, upon the Production of fuch lail mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from fuch Officer or Officers the Monies fo raifed and levied in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default fhall be made as aforefaid, and at the Foot of fuch Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the faid Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every fuch Receipt fhall be afterwards brought to the Office of the faid Commiffioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpofe; and the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them fhall atteft the fame under their Hands, and return the fame to the Perfon or Perfons producing the fame at the faid Office ; and every fuch Receipt fo attefled, and every fuch Entry in any of the faid Books, fhall re-fpeCtively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Difcharge for the Sums expreffed therein to have been received as againfl the faid Commiffioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Adminiftrators, as well to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Receipts fhall be given, as to all and every the Perfons who fhall have entered into any Security in refpeCt of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in fuch Certificate to which fuch Receipt fhall be fubferibed, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators reflectively.

LII. And be it further enadled, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which fhall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this A 61, fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler diflin&ly and apart from all other Monies ; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the faid Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the faid Receipt by virtue of this ACt fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other Monies paid into the faid Receipt upon any other Account whatever ; and that all the Monies fo paid into the faid Receipt by virtue of this A & fhall be fubjeCt and liable to the Ufes and Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) in the firfl Place for paying off and difeharging all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this A61, with fuch Interefl as fhall be payable thereon, at the refpedlive Days and times, and in the Order and Courfe in which the fame are hereby directed to be difeharged; and all fuch Exchequer Bills, and Interefl thereon as aforefaid, fhall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be repaid and borne by and out of the firfl Monies that fhall arife in the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer accordingly ; and after paying off and difeharging the fame, in the next place to pay off all the

Charges

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.34.

105

Charges and Expences which fhall be incurred by the Commifiioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, and to make good all fuch Sums as have been iffued to the faid Commifiioners out of the public Monies towards the faid Charges and Expences, in pur-fuance of the Orders of the faid Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treafury, or any Three of them, or the faid Lord High Treafurer for the time being, according to the Diredtions of this A 61; and alfo to pay and fatisfy all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out fuch Exchequer Bills ; and if any Surplus fhall remain of the Monies paid into the faid Receipt by virtue of this Adi, after fatisfying the feveral Sums hereby charged thereon as aforefaid, fuch Surplus fhall be referved for the Difpofition of Parliament.

LIII. And be it further enadled, That on the feveral Days and times on which fuch Exchequer Bills are diredled to be difcharged, or within Ten Days after fuch Days refpedlively, the faid Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treafury, or Three or more of them, or the faid Lord High Treafurer for the time being, fhall caufe a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attefled by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills, to be made out in purfuance of this Adi, which fhall become payable on the refpedlive Days and times before fpecified, and of the Monies which fhall then be in the Receipt of the faid Exchequer applicable to the paying off and difcharging the fame ; and if the Money which fhall have arifen in the faid Exchequer, for or on account of the Payments to be made by the Bank of England by virtue of this Adi on the refpedlive Periods before mentioned, fhall not be fufficient to difcharge the whole Principal and Interefl due as aforefaid on the feveral Exchequer Bills to be iffued in purfuance of this Adi, then fuch Deficiency fhall and may be fupplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which fhall be granted for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and in cafe the Monies arifing from fuch Aids or Supplies fhall not at the time be fufficient for that Purpofe, then all the faid Exchequer Bills remaining undif-charged, with the Interefl and Charges incident to or attending the fame, fhall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch Monies as, at any time or times after any fuch Deficiencies fhall happen, fhall be or remain in the Receipt of the faid Exchequer of the Fund called the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Bri-tain and Ireland, except fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes by any A61 or A6ls of Parliament in that Behalf; and fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund fhall and may be iffued and applied from time to time, as foon as the fame can be regularly flated and afcertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and difcharging fuch remaining Exchequer Bills, Interefl and Charges, until the whole of them fhali be paid off, cancelled and difcharged, or Money fufficient for that Purpofe be kept and referved in the Exchquer, to be payable on Demand to the refpedtive Proprietors thereof.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That whatever Monies fhall be fo iffued out of the Confolidated Fund fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the Firft Supplies to be thereafter granted in Parliament, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided alfo, that whatever Monies fhall be

afterwards

Treafury to caufe Accounts to he taken of Exchequer Bills when payable, and of the Money in the Ex-chequer to difcharge them. Proceedings when Money not fufficient to difcharge the Principal and Interefl: due on Exchequer Bills,

Monies iffued out of the Confolidated Fund to be replaced out of the firft Supplies.

Hosted by Google

C. 34.

5?° GEO. III.

A.D. 1.817.

afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the faid Receipt in pur-fuance of this Adt, fhall be applied towards replacing the Monies before illued of the faid Aids or Supplies, or out of the faid Confolidated Fund, as the cafe may be ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithrtanding.

Bank may advance 1,5 00,cool, on the Credit of this Aft, not-withstanding 5 & 6 W. Sc M. c. 20.

Commiffioners to lay an Account of their Proceedings before Parliament.

LV. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majelly, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills iifued under this Adi, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Pounds ; any thing in an Adi made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Ail for granting to Their Majejlies federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vefj'elsy and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for fecuring certain Recom-pences and Advantages in the faid Ail mentioned, to fuch Perfons as jhall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the War againfi France, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithrtanding.

LVI. And be it further enadled, that the feveral Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adi, from time to time, at their Difcre-tion, and as foon as poflible after the Determination of all Proceedings under this Adi, and the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland, whenever they fhall be thereto required by the Lord

If Commiflioners die, <Scc. major Part of the remaining Com-miflioners in Great Britain may fill up Vacancies.

Perfons fo appointed to take the aforefaid Oath.

Lord Lieutenant may revoke Appointments, and fill Vacancies in Ireland.

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, fhall refpedlively lay an Account or Accounts of their Proceedings in Writing before both Houfes of Parliament.

LVI I. And be it further enadled, That if any of the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain fhall decline to adl in the Execution of the Powers and Trulls thereof, or having begun to adl fhall decline to adl further therein, or fhall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Adl, it fhall be lawful for the remaining Commiffioners, or the major Part of them adling as aforefaid, by any Writing under their Elands and Seals, to con-flitute and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiffioner or Commiffioners for the Purpofe aforefaid, in the Place of the Commiffioner or Commiffioners fo refilling to adl. or declining further to adl, fo dying as aforefaid, as the faid adling Commiffioners or the major Part of them fhall think fit; and fo often as fuch cafe fhall happen, and the Perfon or Perfons fo conflituted and appointed by the faid Commiffioners, having firft qualified to adl by taking and fubfcribing the Oath hereinbefore provided and diredled, fhall be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Adl unto the faid Commiffioners or Commiffioner con-rtituted by this Adl refpedlively.

LV1II. Provided always, and be it enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to revoke the Appointment of any Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiffioner or Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adl in Ireland, and from time to time to nominate and appoint fuch other Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiffioner or Commiffioners, as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being fhall think fit; and alfo to appoint from time to time any Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiffioner

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. Ill

as 4.

107

miflioner or Commiflioners to fupply any Vacancy which may be oc-cafioned by the Death or Refignation of any Commiflioner or Commiflioners who may be appointed by virtue of this Adi.

LIX. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for all Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be iflued by virtue of this Adi, by way of Loan, to any Perfons who may be willing to accept fuch Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which fhall be exprefled therein refpedl-ively, together with fuch Intereft. as may have accrued thereon at the time of advancing fuch Loan, to charge and receive Intereft for fuch Loan at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding..

LX. And be it further enadled, That the feveral Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adt fhall and may receive and fend all their Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage ; provided that fuch Letters and Packets as fhall be fent to the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adt in Great Britain, be diredted to “ The Commiflioners for the Iflue of Exchequer Bills at their Office and that fuch Letters and Packets as fhall be fent to the faid Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Acl in Ireland, fhall be diredled to “ The Commiflioners for the I flue of Money out of the Confolidated Fund at their Office and that all fuch Letters and Packets as fhall be fent by the faid Commiflioners fhall be dated from their faid Office, and fhall be ligned on the Outfide of fuch Letters and Packets by fuch Perfon as the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adi in Great Britain fhall appoint, with the Confent of the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, and as the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adi in Ireland fhall appoint, with the Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-land, and under fuch Reftridlions and Regulations as the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors refpedlively, fhall think proper and diredl.

LXI. And be it further enadled, That no Obligation to His Majefly nor any Heritable Securities, nor any Affignment of any Heritable Securities, nor any Mortgage or Affignment of any Tolls, Rates or Duties taken by the faid Commiflioners, nor any Promiflory Note under this Adi, as a Security for the Loan of Money in fuch Exchequer Bills as aforefaid, nor any Affidavit, Depofltion, or Receipt to be refpedlively taken or made under and by virtue of this Adi, fhall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Adi or Adis in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

LXII. And be it further enadled, That no Adlion or Suit fhall be commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done by virtue of or in purfuance of this Adt, until Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof in Writing fhall have been given to the Secretary for the time being of the faid Commiflioners, nor after a fuflicient Satis-fadlion, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed; and fuch Adlion fhall be brought in the faid Courts of Exchequer in England, Ireland or Scotland, and fhall be laid in the County of Middlefex, or City of Dublin, or Edinburgh refpedlively.

Perfons advancing Exchequer Bills by Loan may take 5I. per Cent, intereft.

Commiffioners may receive and fend Letters free of Poftage.

Provifo.

Obligations, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Addons for executing Adt not to be brought but upon Notice, nor after Satis-fadtion or Tender, nor after Six Months.

Where to be laid.

Hosted by Google

C.34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I8I7.

108

General l(Tue.

Treble Cofts.

Counterfeiting, &c. Certificates, Sec. or delivering fuch to any Officer, or uttering the fame,

Death.

Affirmations may be admi-niftered.

A& may be altered, Sec. this Seffion.

and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adlion or Suit fhali and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Adi and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Adi ; and if the fame fhali appear to be fo done, or if fuch Action or Suit fhali be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or fhali be brought without Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof, or fhali be brought in any other County or Place, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, that then the Jury fhali find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhali become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinu-ance of his, her or their Adlion or Actions, or if a VerdiCt fhali pafs againfl the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhali have Treble Colls, and fhali have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in any other cafes by Law*

LXIII. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhali forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, Counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully aft or aflifl in the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adi, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England in purfuance of this Adi, or fhali wilfully deliver any fuch forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Receipt to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer in Great Britain, or to the Vice Treafurer of Ireland for the time be ing, or to any Officer appointed by them or either of them, or to the Commiflioners for the Execution of this Adi or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them or any of them in the Execution of the Powers of this Adt, or fhali utter any fuch forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majefly, His Heirs or Sueceffors, or auy Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon whomloever, then and in every fuch cafe all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offend-ding, and being thereof lawfully convidted, fhali be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhali fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

LXIV. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where an Oath may be adminiflered by this Adi, it fhali be lawful to admi-nifler an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the cafe may require.

LXV. And be it further enadled, That this Adi, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be paffed in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

[Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may appoint fpecial CornmiJJioners for receiving Applications for Relief from the 250,0001. advanced in Ireland by Seftion 5. of this Aft. See Cap. 124. § I. poJK\

CAP.

Hosted by Google

57c GEO. III.

C. 35.

109

C A P. XXXV.

An A61 for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th June 1817.]

‘ 'll! 7 HERE AS the raifing or keeping a Standing Army within

* VV the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in a

* time of Peace, unlefs it be with the Confent of Parliament, k ‘ againftLaw : And Whereas it is judged neceffary by His Majefty,

4 and this prefent Parliament, that a Body of Forces fhould be 4 continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of 6 the Poffeffions of His Majefty’s Crown and the Prefervation of the ‘ Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of fuch

4 Forces fhould confift of One hundred and twenty one thoufand Number of

* and thirty five effe&ive Officers and Men, including the Forces Forces,iai,o35*

4 ftationed in France, and alfo Fifteen thoufand five hundred and

4 eighty five Officers and Men propofed to be difbanded, and One 4 thoufand eight hundred and fixty three Officers and Men propofed 4 to be transferred to the Indian Eftablifhment, but exclufive of 4 the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments now employed 4 in the Territorial Poffeffions of the Eajl India Company, or or-

*	dered from thence to Great Britain : And Whereas no Man can 4 be forejudged of Life or Limb, or fubjefted in time of Peace to 4 any Kind of Punifhment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in 4 any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and accord-4 ing to the known and eftabliflied Laws of this Realm ; yet never-4 thelefs, it being requifite, for the retaining all the before mentioned 4 Forces in their Duty, that an exa& Difcipline be obferved, and

*	that Soldiers who fhall mutiny or ftir up Sedition, or {hall defert 4 His Majefty’s Service, be brought to a more exemplary and 4 fpeedy Punifhment than the ufual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by

the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon who is or fhall be Officers, See. commiffioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or fhall be lifted or mutinying or in Pay as a Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, fhall at any time, deiertlI’S* ^ during the Continuance of this A61, begin, excite, caufe or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majefty’s Land or Marine Forces, or fhall not ule his utnioft Endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, fhall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or fhall mifbehave himfelf before the Enemy ; or fhall fhamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs, Poft or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he fhall be commanded to defend ; or fhall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or Poft, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame ; or fhall fpeak Words, or ufe any other Means to induce fuch Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to mifbehave before the Enemy, or fhamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs, Poft or Guard committed to their refpedtive Charge, or which he or they fhall be commanded to defend ; or fhall leave his or found deeping Poft before relieved ; or fhall be found fleeping on his Poft ; or fhall upon ordeterting

hold his Poft, &c.

Hosted by Google

1 10

or (hiking or dif-obeying his Superior Officer,

Death, or fuch a Punifhment as Court Martial may infli£l.

Continuance of this Aft.

.53 G.3. c j$s' 6.

C. 35, 36*.	57°	GEO. III.	. A.D. 1817*

hold Correfpondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Elis Majefty, either by Letters, Meffages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or (hall treat or enter into any Terms with fuch Rebel or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander ; or {hall ftrike or ufe any Violence againft his fuperior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office ; or fliall difobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer ; or fliall defert His Majefty’s Service ; all and every Perfon and Perfons fo offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether fuch Offence ffiall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, ffiall fuffer Death, or fuch other Puniffiment as by a Court Martial ffiall be awarded.

[This Ad> with the exception of Section 156. is the fame, and all the Schedules are alfo the fame as Cap. 12 .'ante : which Ad was made to continue in force in Great Britain until the zyth June 1817.] CLVI. And be it further enadfed, That this Adt ffiall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of Our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and ffiall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark and Ifle of Man> and the Iilands thereto belonging, from the Firft Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and fliall be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal from the Twenty Fifth Day of Augufl in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until the Twenty Fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and ffiall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be ferving, and in the Weft Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty Fifth Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, to the Twenty Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and ffiall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty Fifth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty Fifth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Ad to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eafl India Company, and certain Poffeffions of His Majefty in the Mediterranean.

[20th June 1817.]

‘ 'ITT HE REAS an ACt was paffed in the Fifty third Year of < VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for con-

*	tinuing in the Eaft India Company, for a further Term> the Poffef

*• fion of the	Territories	in	India,	together with certain exclufive

6 Privileges ; for ejlablijloing further Regulations for the Government « of the faid Territories, and the better Adminijlration of Jujlice 6 within the fame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the

* PI acts within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter: And

< Whereas

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

570 GEO. Ill

C. 36,

Ill

c Whereas by the faid recited Adt it was enacted, that it Ihould be ( lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subjedls, in common with the ‘ faid United Company, to export in Ships navigated according to c Law, from any ^Port or Ports within the United Kingdom of c Great Britain and Ireland> to all Ports and Places within the 6 Limits referred to, fave and except the Dominions of the Emperor 4 of China, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize which could then, c or might at any time or times thereafter, be legally exported ; and ‘ alfo in common with the faid Company to import in Ships navi-6 gated as aforefaid, from any Port or Ports within the Limits 6 aforefaid, fave and except as aforefaid, into the faid United King-c dom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manu-‘ fadlure of any of the Countries within the faid Limits, which ( could or might at any time or times thereafter be legally imported ;

*	fubjedt neverthelefs to the feveral Reftridlions, Conditions and ‘ Limitations in the faid Adi contained : And Whereas it was alfo 6 -enadled by the faid Adi, that nothing therein contained fhould ex-‘ tend or be conflrued to extend to prevent the making, during the c further Term thereby granted to the faid Company, fuch further 6 Provifions by Authority of Parliament, as might from time to ( time be deemed neceflary for enabling His Majefty's Subjedls to

*	carry on Trade and Traffic, diredlly or circuitoufly, as well be-‘ tween all Ports and Places fituate without the Limits of the faid

*	Company's Charter, and all Ports and Places (except the Do-

*	minions of the Emperor of China) fituate within thofe Limits, as € between the faid United Kingdom and all the lafl mentioned Ports 6 and Places, except as aforefaid : And Whereas by an Adi c paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign,

*	intituled An Aft for the further Regulation of the Trade to and

*	from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eafl India ‘ Company, Provilion was made for enabling the faid Company, and 1 all other His Majefty's Subjedls to carry on a circuitous Trade to,

‘ from and between the Places within fuch Limits : And Whereas it

*	is expedient to make Provilion for the enabling the faid Company c and all other His Majefty's Subjedls to carry on Trade within the

*	Limits of the Charter of the faid Company, and certain Pofteffions 6 ot His Majefty in the Mediterranean Be it therefore enadled by The King's Moll Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it fhall be lawful for the faid Company, and alfo for any other of His Majefty's Subjedls to carry on Trade and Traffic, in Ships navigated according to Law, diredlly and circuitoufly between the Illand of Malta and its Dependencies, or the Port of Gibraltar, and all Ports and Places within the Limits of the faid Company's Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China ; any thing contained in any Charter of the faid Company, or in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that in carrying on fuch Trade it {hall not be lawful to trade to or at any Port or Place without the Limits of the faid Company's Charter, other than thofe with which Trade is permitted by theTaid Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize any of His Ma-

f6	jelly's

54 G-3’ c-34*

§1.

Trade may be carried on diredL ly and circuitously between Malta and its Dependencies, or Gibraltar, and all Ports and Places within the Limits of the Company’s Charter, except to China.

No Perfons other than the Company to trade in Tea.

* Hosted by Google

112

C. 36*.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

fidered within i'uch Limits.

Trade not to be carried on in Ships under the Burden pre-fcribed by 53G.3.C. 155. § 13*

53 G.3.C.155. § IX.

jelly’s Subjects, other than the faid Company, or Perfons properly licenfed by them, to export or import from or to any fuch Countries, Ports and Places, within or without fuch Limits, or to import into the United Kingdom, any Tea, or in any manner to trade or traffic in Tea, between any fuch Ports or Places as aforefaid.

Cape of Good II. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That His Ma-Hope to be con-jelly’s Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope (hall, as to all Trade /. i 1 .... allowed, by this Adt to be carried on, be deemed, conllrued and taken to be within the Limits of the Eajl India Company’s Charter : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained, as to the faid Settlement being deemed as to fuch Trade as aforefaid to be within fuch Limits, lhall extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent, or in any manner to limit or affedt, any other Trade which now may or which may hereafter be allowed to be carried on between the faid Settlement and any other Countries, Ports or Places whatever.

III. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That it lhall not be lawful for any Velfel carrying on Trade under the Provifions of this A£l, to clear out from or be admitted to Entry at any Port in the United Kingdom, tire regiftered Meafurement of which Velfel lhall be under the Burden prefcribed by the faid A£l of the Fifty- third Year of His prefent Majefly, or which may be prefcribed by any Adi hereafter to be palled for Velfels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the Eajl India Company’s Charter.

c IV. And Whereas by the faid Adi of the Fifty third year of 6 His prefent Majelly’s Reign it is enadled, that no Ship or Velfel c engaged in private Trade under the Authority of that Adi, lhall c proceed to any Place fituate on the Continent of Afia, from the river c Indus to the Town of Malacca inclufive, or in any Uland under the i Government of the faid Company lying to the North of the 6 Equator, or to the faid Company’s Fadlory of Bencoolen or its 6 Dependencies, or to any other Place or Places fituate more to the c northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between

*	the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft

*	Longitude from London, without a Licence from the Court of Di-

*	redlors of the faid Company, or from the Board of Commillioners ‘ for the Affairs of India, (as the cafe may be) ;’ Be it further enadled, That the Governors and Lieutenant Governors of the faid

verno« of Malta Jlland of Malta and Port of Gibraltar refpedtively, lhall be and they T-	} ™ 1*1 t*° are hereby authorized to grant Licences to Ships or Velfels fo pro-

-;>ian icences, cee(^ng as aforefaid from the faid Uland of Malta or Port of Gib-raltar, in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations and Provifions, in regard to the Grant and Form thereof, as are under the faid recited Adi applicable to Licences granted by the faid Court of Diredlors and Board of Commillioners refpedlively : Provided always, that the faid Governors and Lieutenant Governors lhall not be empowered to grant any Licence fpecially authorizing any Ship or Velfel to proceed to any Place or Places upon the Continent of Afia from the River Indus to the faid Town of Malacca inclufive, except the faid Company’s principal Settlements ; and that in regard for fuch Licences as are under the Provifions of the faid recited Adi to be granted by the faid Board of Commillioners, the faid Governors and Lieutenant Governors lhall conform themfelves, as far as the cafe may admit, to fuch Rules and Regulations in that

Behalf,

Governors and Lieutenant Go-

but to conform to Rules of the Commiflioners for India,

Hosted by Google

113

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.30.

Behalf, as may from time to time be framed and publifhed by the faid Commiffioners.

V.	And be it further enacted, That each fuch Governor or Lieutenant Governor fhall tranfmit to One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State annual Lifts of all fuch Licences as (hall have been granted by him as aforefaid, and of all Licences (if any) which fuch Governor or Lieutenant Governor may, in confequence of any Inftru&ions which he may have received in regard to fuch Licences, have refufed to grant, together with his Reafons for fuch Refufal.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That no Ship or Veflel, other than the Ships of the faid Company engaged in Trade under the Authority of this Acft, fhall be permitted to clear out from the faid Ifland or Port for any Place or Places under the Government of His Majefty or of the faid Company fituate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft Longitude from London, until the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or VefTel (hall have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Cuftoms, or other Perfon thereto authorized by fuch Governor or Lieutenant Governor as aforefaid, at the Port of Clearance, upon Oath (which Oath fuch Officer or other Perfon is hereby authorized to adminifter), a true and perfetft Lift, in fuch Form as {hall from time to time be fettled by the faid Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the faid Board of Commiffioners, fpecifying and fetting forth the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Perfons embarked or intended to be embarked on board fuch Ship or Veflel, and all Arms on board or intended to be put on board the fame ; nor ffiall any fuch Veflel be admitted to Entry at the faid Ifland or Port until the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or Veflel fhall in the like manner have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Cuftoms, or other Perfon thereunto duly authorized, upon Oath (which Oath fuch Officer or other Perfon is hereby authorized to adminifter), a true and perfedt Lift, in Form to be fettled as aforefaid, fpecifying the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Perfons on board or who {hall have been on board fuch Ship or Veflel, from the time of the Sailing thereof to the time of Arrival, and of all Arms on board or which fhall during that time have been on board fuch Ship or Veflel, and the feveral Times and Places at which fuch of the faid Perfons as may have died or left the faid Ship or Veflel, {hall have fo died or left fuch Ship or Veflel, or fuch of the faid Arms as may have been difpofed of, have been fo difpofed of.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That fuch Governors or Lieutenant Governors fhall and they are hereby required to caufe every fuch Lift, which fhall be fo received at the faid Ifland or Port, to be tranfmitted with all reafonable Difpatch to the Court of Directors of the faid United Company ; and all fuch Ships or Veflels trading under the Authority of this A£l fhall, on their Arrival at any Port or Place under the Government of the faid Company in India, be fubjedl to all the Regulations, Reftridlions and Provifions prefcribed by the faid A£ts of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign ; and that all Trade with all Ports and Places upon the Continent of Jfia, from the River Indus to the

57 Geo. III.	‘l	Town

and tranfmit Lifts of Licences granted or refufed.

Ships not to fail without Lifts of the Perfons and Arms on board being delivered upon Oath.

Such VefTel not admitted to JEn-try till Lift delivered upon O3th of Perform, Arms, See, a* herein mentioned.

Governors, &c. to tranfmit fuch Lilts to the Court of Directors.

Ships trading under this AC! fubjedt to Regulations of 53 G.3.C.I55*

Hosted by Google

114

0.36e

5?« GEO. III.

A.D.181?,

Town of Malacca inclulive, or any Ifland under the Government of the faid Company lying to the North of the Equator, or the faid Company’s Fadory at Bencoolen and its Dependencies, (hall remain and continue fubjed to all fuch Regulations, Provifions and Reftridions as fhall from time to time be in force in relation to Trade, at any fuch Ports and Places under the Authority of any of the Governments of the faid Company at their feveral Prefidencies in India.

Cargoes may be VIII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for diicharged at^ the faid Company, and for any other of His Majefly’s Subjeds, to raltar*1 fubie<fl to tra<^e {ln Ships navigated according to Law, and proceeding upon Regulations of any Voyage between any Ports or Places within the Limits of the 53G. 3. c. 155- faid Company’s Charter and the United Kingdom) to and at the and	faid Ifland of Malta and Port of Gibraltar, and for that Purpofe to

54G.3. c, 34* difcharge the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any fuch Ship or Veffel at fuch Ifland or Port, and in the Profecution of fuch circuitous Voyage to take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which can be legally carried from fuch Ports or Places within the Limits aforefaid, to fuch Ifland or Port ; and in like manner to trade in any fuch Ship or Veffel, in any Voyage from the United Kingdom to any Ports or Places within the Limits aforefaid, to and at the faid Ifland of Malta and Port of Gibraltar .* Provided always, that all fuch Ships and Veffels fhall be fubjed to all the Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions to which Ships and Veffels carrying on Trade circuitoufly, between the United Kingdom and the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, are by the faid Ads of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His Majefty’s Reign made liable.

Goods may be IX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Commodities re-exported from j-Q iniported into the Ifland of Malta or its Dependencies, or into the tarto^heUnited	of	Gibraltar,	from any Ports or Places within the Limits of

the faid Company’s Charter, may be re-exported from the faid Ifland of Malta or its Dependencies, or the Port of Gibraltar, to the United Kingdom, and imported at any of the Ports where fuch Goods and Commodities may lawfully be imported, in like manner, and fubjed to all fuch Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions, as if fuch Goods and Commodities were imported diredly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufadure; and in Veffels of fuch Tonnage as is prefcribed by the faid Ad made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or as may be prefcribed by any Ad hereafter to be palled, for Veffels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the Eajl India Company’s Charter ; any thing in an Ad pafl*ed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King 11 Car. 2. c. 18. Charles the [Second, intituled An AH for the encouraging and in-creafing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

Malta, Sec,	X.	And be it further enaded, That for the Purpofes of this

deemed to be in Ad, and for all other Purpofes whatever, the Ifland of Malta and Europe.	its Dependencies fhall be deemed and taken to be in Europe.

Provifo for the XI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That nothing Introduction of in this or in any other Ad {ball extend or be conftrued to extend to Goods into Mai- preVent the Introduction (under the Provifions of this Ad) into whicif moVnovv * t^e	Malta and its Dependencies, or into the Port of Gib-

y	13	raltar,

Kingdom, fub-je£t to Regulations, and in Veffels of fuch Tonnage as prefcribed by 53 G.3. c.155.

Hosted by Google

A.D.181JT.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.36.

raltar, of any Articles being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Countries between which and the faid Ifland and Port Trade is allowed to be carried on by this Adi, which may now or may hereafter be imported into the United Kingdom.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That it fliall not be lawful for any Ship or Veffel engaged in any Voyage under the Authority of this Adi, from any Port or Place in the Eajl Indies to the faid Ifland of Malta or Port of Gibraltar, and not defcincd to any Port in the United Kingdom, to take or have on board any Lafcars or other Afiatic Seamen : Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for any of the Governments of the Eajl India Company in India, or for any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Colony, Territory or Ifland belonging to His Majefly within the Limits of the faid Charter, and they and he are hereby required, on Application made by the Owner or Commander of any Ship or Veffel, and after having afcertained by due Inquiry that a fufficient Number of Britijh Seamen cannot be procured for the Crew of any Ship or Veffel failing from India within Ten Days from fuch Application, to certify the fame, and licenfe fuch Ship or Veffel to fail with fuch Proportion of Lafcars or Afiatic Seamen as may be fpecified in fuch Certificate and Licence ; and the Governor General in Council at Fort William is hereby authorized and required to make Rules and Regulations, that all fuch Afiatic Sailors, Lafcars or Natives as .'aforefaid, fhall be duly fupplied with Provifions and Clothing, and other neceffary Accommodation, while employed and while ab-fent from the Countries or Places to which they refpedtively belong, and until they fhall be carried back to India or any other Country or Place to which they refpedtively belong, and until they fhall be carried back to India or any other Country or Place from whence they were refpedtively brought, and for the Conveyance back of fuch Afiatic Sailors, Lafcars and Natives aforefaid, within a reafonable time, to be fpecified in fuch Bond, or afcertained by fuch Rules and Regulations.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That no Ship or Veffel fo licenfed to take on board Lafcars or Afiatic Seamen fhall be permitted to clear out from any Port or Place within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter unlefs and until the Owner or Captain or Mailer of fuch Ship fhall have firft given Security by Bond, in manner diredled by an Adi paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majefty, and fubjedl to all the Provifions of that Adi, for the Maintenance and Conveyance back to India, or for the Conveyance to England and Maintenance while in England, and Return to Indiay of fuch Lafcars or Afiatic Seamen which may be received on board of fuch Ship.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be paffed in this Seflion of Parliament.

[This Ad not ajfeded by Cap< 9poJl» See Section 3. of that Ad-~\

I 2

CAP,

115

be Imported into the United Kingdom.

No Lafcars, frc. to be taken on board without Licence, and then under certain Regulations as herein mentioned.

Matters of Ships taking Lafcars on board to enter into Securities. 54 G.3. c. 1.54* §

Aft may he altered, &c. this Seflion.

Hosted by Google

116

C. 37.

576 GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Si G.J. c. 8 § 2-

Rec ited Aft, or any other A6t, not to exempt the aforel'aid Carriages, &c. from Tolls.

Provifo for the recited A&, See. as to Turnpike Roads or Tolls colle&ed within a certain Dif-tance from the Royal Exchange.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Aft: to explain and amend an Aft of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, relating to Tolls on Carriages ufed in Hufbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure from Payment of Toll.	[20th	June	1817.]

4 TIT HEREAS by a Claufe in an Aft of Parliament made in 4 YV the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

* intituled An A El to amend an A El made in the Fifty fecond Tear of 4 His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An AEt to explain the Exempt 4 tion from Toll in federal AEls of Parliament for Carriages employed 4 in Hufbandry, and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Car-4 riagesy and on Horfes in certain other cafes therein fpecijiedy and for 4 other Purpofes relating thereto, it is enafted, that from and after 4 the palling of the faid Aft the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, 4 Cart or other Carriage laden with Manure for Land, palling 4 through any Turnpike, or otherwife palling on or acrofs any Turn-4 pike Road, (hould not be liable to pay any Toll, nor fhould any 4 Toll be demanded for fuch Carriage fo laden, or the Cattle drawing 4 the fame, by reafon only of any empty Balket or Balkets, empty 4 Sack or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel 4 or Fork, necelfary for loading or unloading fuch Manure, being in 4 or upon any fuch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in addition to 4 fuch Manure, if the Loading thereof is fubftantially Manure for 4 Land as aforefaid ; any thing in any Aft contained to the contrary 4 thereof notwithftanding : And Whereas Doubts have arifen whe-4 ther the faid Claufe does not extend to give a general Exemp-4 tion from Toll to all Carriages laden with Manure for Land, 4 although the fame were made exprefsly liable to Toll by the refpeft 4 ive Local Afts by which Tolls are impofed and levied for the 4 Maintenance of any Turnpike Roads : And Whereas fuch Con-1 ftruftion would operate very injurioufly both to the Funds required 4 for the keeping up fuch refpeftive Roads, and to the Security of 4 the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the' Credit of the 4 fame For Remedy thereof be it declared and enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That nothing in the faid Claufe, or in any other Claufe of the fame, or of any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to exempt any fuch Carriages as aforefaid, or the Horfes or other Cattle drawing the fame, from any Tolls or Duties impofed by virtue of any Local Aft or Afts under which any fuch Tolls or Duties have been or (hall be impofed for the Maintenance and Repair of fuch refpeftive Roads upon which fuch Carriages (hall go or travel.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared. That nothing in this Aft contained (hall be conftrued to repeal, vary or alter any Claufe or Provision in the faid Aft paffed in the faid Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, nor any other Aft or A6ts of Parliament, fo far asrefpefts any Turnpike Road or Roads, or the Tolls to be collefted at any Gate or Gates erefted or to be

erefted

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1317-

57° GEO. III.

C. 87,38,89.

nj

credted thereon, within the Cities of London or Wefminfer, or within the Diftance of Fifteen Miles from the Royal Exchange.

III.	And be it further enadled, That this Adt (hall be deemed Public Ait, and taken to be a Public Adi, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An. Adi to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, an Adi of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effedlual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Adi was paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of 52 G. 3. c.17. His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the 4 more effectual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties 4 of Watching and Warding, until the Firjl Day of March One 4 thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Dijlurbances 4 prevail or are apprehended; which faid Adi was revived and con-‘ tinued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hun-4 dred and feventeen by an Adi of the lafb Seffion of Parliament:

• And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Adi fhould be fur-4 ther continued ;’ Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the continued, faid Adi fhall, from and after the faid Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. XXXIX.

Am Adi to extend certain Provifions of the Adis of the Thirty fixth and Fifty fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies.

[20th June 1817.]

4 TI7 HE REAS it is expedient to extend the Relief, Remedies, i \\ Proviftons, Protedlions and Indemnities made, given and 36 G. 3,0.9©,

4 provided by the AS for the Relief of Perfons equitably and bene-4 f dally entitled to or interejled in the feveral Stocks and Annuities 4 transferrable at the Bank of England ; and by the Adt, intituled 4 An Aft to extend the Provifions of an AS, paffed in the Thirty 520.3.0.158.

4 fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefy, for the Relief of 4 Perfons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at 4 the Bank of England ; and of an Aft, paffed in this prefent Sefjion,

4 for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annul*

4 ties, to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds, to certain cafes,

4 herein fpecified, and not provided for by the faid Two Adis, or by 4 either of them:’ Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Extended to Pe~

I 3	and	titions to the

Hosted by Google

ns

C. 39,40.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

and after the pafling of this Ad. the faid Ads of Parliament, and all the Relief and Remedies, Provifions, Protedions and Indemnities thereby provided, fhall extend and be deemed and taken to extend, and the fame are hereby declared and enaded to extend, to all cafes of Petitions on which the Court of Chancery, or the Lord High Chancellor or Commiflioners of the Great Seal for the time being, or the Mailer of the Rolls, or the Vice Chancellor of England for the time being, or the Court of Exchequer, are by Law authorized and empowered to grant Relief and make fummary Orders without Suit, either in Matters of Charity, or relative to or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof; or in Matters relative to any Benefit or Friendly Societies, or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof.

C A P. XL.

An A61 to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Cuftoms for their Services in preventing illicit Diftillation in Scotland9 under an A61 paffied in the laft Seffion of Parliament.

[zoth June 1817.3

56 G.3. c,xc6. 4 "TTTHEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of 4 VV the Reign of His Majelly, intituled An Ad to repeal 4 the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wajh and Spirits and DifliU 4 lers’ Licences, to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, and to ejlablifh 4 further Regulations for the Dijlillation of Spirits from Corn for 4 Home Confumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November 4 One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, Provifion is made for 4 rewarding Officers of Excife for Service performed by them in 4 preventing illicit or fraudulent Diftillation : And Whereas it is 4 expedient that Provifion fhould alfo be made for rewarding Officers 4 of the Cuftoms for the like Services Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the Treafury may fame, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s empower Com- Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for mi ({loners of the the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Inftrudion figned by bH Tq33 m Sc^any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Com-OHicers^f the rniflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being to give Cuftonu,	and grant, by any Order or Warrant figned by any Three or more

of the faid Commiflioners of Cuftoms, fuch Rewards to Officers of the Cuftoms, to be paid out,of any Duties under their Management for Services performed by fuch Officers fince the Commencement of the faid Ad, or which fhall be performed during the Continuance thereof, in preventing illicit or fraudulent Diftillation, as the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury fhall deem proper and authorize and allow in that Behalf; fubjed neverthelefs to fuch Rules, Diredions, Conditions and Limitations as the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury fhall in any fuch Order or Warrant from time to time made in relation to any fuch Reivards preferibe in that Behalf.

C A P.

Court of Chancery in cafes of Chanty and Fiicndly bo-cietie;.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.41.

119

CAP. XLI.

An A61 to repeal Two A£ls pafled in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the faid Office to the Offices of the Paymafter General and Secretary at War.	[2oth June 1817.]

4 WHEREAS an A6t was pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of 54G. 3. c. 151.

* VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to repeal 6 an Aft pajfed in the Fifty fecond Tear of His prefent Majefly, for 4 better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local c Militia, and for the more effeftually regulating the faid Office, and to 4 make further Provifions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent 4 General: And Whereas another A<ft pafled in the Fifty fifth Year 55 G.3. c- i7°*

4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to amend an 4 Aft pajfed in the lafl SeJJion of Parliament, for better regulating the 4 Officevf Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for 4 the more effeftually regulating the fame : And Whereas it has been 4 deemed expedient that the Duties of the faid Office fhould be 4 transferred to the Offices of the Paymafter General and Secretary 4 at War ; and it is therefore expedient that the faid A£ls fhould be 4 repealed:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling repealed, of this Adi, the faid recited Adis of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty fliall be and the fame are hereby* repealed.	[See § 5»pof.^\

II.	And be it further enadled, That from and after the Twenty Office of Agent fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the General for Vo-faid Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia fliall Locaf Mffida be and the fame is hereby declared to be abolifhed ; and from and abounded and after the time the faid Office fhall ceafe, the Duties of the faid Duties trans-Office fhall be transferred to and performed in the Offices of the ferred to Pay-Paymafter General and Secretary at War refpedlively, under the ma^er General, Regulations and Provifions in this Adi, and according to fuch other &c'

Rules and Regulations as fhall from time to time be made by the Secretary at War and Paymafter General in that Behalf.

III.	And be it further enadled, That on the Twenty fourth Day Agent General of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, it fhall and may t0 transfer hls be lawful for the Agent General to caufe the Balance of Cafh which g^nk to the*Fa fliall at that time remain at the Credit of his Accounts with the mafter General Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be transferred &c.

and paid over to the Account of the Paymafter General of His and difcharged

Majefty’s Land Forces at the Bank of England, and by fo doing for r° much.

the faid Agent General fhall be and is hereby fully difcharged for

the Amount of the Sum which fhall be fo transferred or paid

over by him as aforefaid ; and all fuch Sum or Sums of Money

fo transferred and paid over to fuch Account of the Paymafter

General, fliall be applied in the fame manner as if the fame had been

iffued from the Exchequer to fuch Account; and the faid Paymafter Duty of Pay-

General fhall make Payment of all unfatisfied Charges and Demands mafter General

14?	on

Hosted by Google

120

C. 41.

57° GEO. III.

in making Payments of unfatis-fied Charges and Demands,

Agent General, &c. indemnified on account of Acceptances on Bills unpaid.

Delivery and Examination of Accounts under recited Act of 54 G. 3. c.151.

continued.

Secretary at War to authorize Pay matter General to accept Bills.

Sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay fuch Bills.

53 G. 3. c. 105.

A.D.ISI7.

on account of the Public Services under the Authority of the Secretary at War, although the fame fhall have accrued in the time of the Agent General; and all outftanding Bills which may have been accepted by the Agent General or his Deputy, (hall be paid by the faid Paymafter General under the Warrant or Warrants of the Secretary at War, in the manner and under the Regulations hereinafter directed; and all fuch Bills, Drafts or Orders fo paid by the faid Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces on the Acceptance of the faid Agent General or his Deputy, fhall be held and be deemed to be the good and proper Vouchers of the faid Paymafter General, and fhall be by him tranfmitted to the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts, by whom the faid Vouchers fhall be admitted and allowed, in the fame manner as if the faid Bills, Drafts, or Orders had been addrefted to and accepted by the faid Paymafter General.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Agent General or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons in his Office duly authorized by the faid Agent General to accept Bills of Exchange, fhall be indemnified againft all Perfons whatfoever, for or on account of his or their Acceptance on any Bill or Bills of Exchange which fhall or may have been accepted by him or them under the Authority of the Secretary at War for the time being, and which fhall remain unpaid on the faid Twenty fourth Day of June.

V.	And be it further enabled, That nothing in this A<ft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal the faid recited A£h of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty fo far as relates to the proper Delivery of the Accounts of the faid Agent General to the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and to the immediate Examination and Prefentment of the fame by the faid Commiffioners.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That from and immediately after the paffing of this A<ft it fhall be lawful for the Secretary at War, by any Warrant or Warrants, figned by himfelf or by his Deputy, from time to time, addrefted to the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces, to authorize and empower the faid Paymafter General to accept Bills of Exchange, payable at the Bank of Eng-land, for any Pay or Allowances, or other Contingencies of or Services relating to any Militia, Local Militia or Volunteers, without fpecifying fuch Services in fuch Bills ; and which Bills fo drawn and accepted fhall be fufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Bills or to their Order or Orders, according to the ufual Courfe in refpe£t of Bills of Exchange, and which Bills fhall be accepted and paid accordingly ; and the Warrants for fuch Acceptances, and the Bills fo accepted and paid, fhall be good and fufficient Vouchers for the faid Paymafter General in his Accounts, and fhall be placed on the Credit Side of his Account accordingly.

c VII. And Whereas an A61 palled in the Fifty fecond Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to continue,

*	amend and extend the Provi/ions of an Ad paffed in the Forty 6 eighth Tear of His prefent Majefly, for enabling the Secretary at 4 War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others in

4 relation

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.41.

121

c relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Ads relating

*	to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpofe of dir eft. 1 ingthe Dijlribution and fccuring the due Application thereof , where-4 by the Secretary at War was empowered to order Sums of Money

*	to be paid over under the faid A61 to the Agent General ;J Be it therefore enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Secretary at War to make like Orders for Payment of all or any of the Sums fpecified in the faid A 61 to the Pay mailer General; and from and after the palling of this A6t every Order which fhall have been made by the Secretary at War under the faid lalf recited A6t, to pay over any Sum or Sums of Money under the faid A61 to the Agent General, fhall be deemed and conftrued to be an Order to pay over fuch Money to the Account of the Paymafter General at the Bank of England as fully and effe6lually as if a new Order had been ilTued under this A61 for the Payment of fuch Money to the faid Account of the Paymafter General.

VIII. And be it further ena6led, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn upon the Paymafter General on account of the Pay or Allowances of the Militia or Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, or of any Staff Officers, or which may be drawn by any Clerks of Subdivilions or any Perfons under the Dire6lions of the Secretary at War, for the Payment of Bounties or any other Public Services whatever; and alfo all Bills, Drafts or Orders by which any Balances, Fines, Penalties, Bounties or any other Sums of Money whatfoever, fhall be remitted to the Bank of England on account of the faid Paymafter General in purfuance of this A61, may and fhall be drawn upon unftamped Paper ; and that no fuch Bill* Draft or Order fhall be void by reafon of being fo drawn or written upon unftamped Paper ; any thing in any A61 or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

* IX. And Whereas an A61 paffed in the Forty eighth Year < of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Adi for acce-c lerating the making upy Examination and Audit of the Accounts of 4 the Paymafler General of His Majejly’s Forces : And Whereas by 4 the faid A61 certain Rules are preferibed for the general and fepa-4 rate Accounts of the Paymafter General: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that afeparate Account fhould be made up of the Money 4 received and paid on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia Be it therefore ena6led, That the Paymafter General fhall, in the prefent and every future Year, make up a feparate Account of the Money received and paid within the Period comprized in his general Account on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia, in like manner as he is required by the faid A61 to make up the feparate Accounts therein fpecified ; and that fuch feparate Account fhall be tranfmitted, examined and declared, and the faid Paymafter fhall be difeharged and acquitted therein, in the fame manner in all refpe6ls as is by the faid recited A6t provided with regard to the feparate Accounts thereby dire6led to be made.

X. And be it further ena6led. That this A61 may be altered or varied by any A6t to be paffed in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.

Secretary at War to make Orders for Payment of Sums fpecified in recited Aft, to Paymafter General inftead of Agent General.

Bills,&c. for Pay and Allowance to Militia, &c. to be drawn on unftamped Paper.

48 G. 3. c. 49.

Separate Accounts to be kept of the Money received and paid on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia, &c.

Aft may be altered, &c. this Sefiion,

Hosted by Google

44 G - 3. c.icx.

47 G. 3. Self. 1.

c. 30.

5° G. 3. c. 13’

§ a.

44 G. 3. c. 101. revived and continued till March 25,1819.

Bounty on Exportation of Sugar although not refined by Claying.

0.42, 43.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.1817,

CAP. XLII.

An A& to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an A£t made in the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, 'for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifland of New Providence, the Port of Exu?na and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama Ijlands, in American Ships coming in Ballad.	[27th	June	1817.]

6 TXT"PEREAS an A£l was made in the Forty fourth Year of

* VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Act for ‘ permitting, until the Firjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight bun-

*	dred and feven<> the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nafiau in 6 the IJland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port 6 of Crooked Ifland in the Bahama Iflands, in Ships belonging to the c Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballajl; i which faid A 61 was, by Two A6ls of the Forty feventh and Fif-c tieth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, continued until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 thirteen : And Whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the 4 faid A61 of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign:’ Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Adi of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty fhall, from and after the palling of this Adi, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and fhall continue in force from and after the palling of this Adb to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XLIII.

An Add for granting, for Two Years, from the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwife than by Claying.

[27th June 1817.]

4 "IT THE REAS by the Laws now in force certain Bounties, 4 VV Drawbacks or Allowances are granted on refined Sugars 4 exported from Great Britain and Ireland refpedtively, manufactured 4 by the Operation of Claying : And Whereas it has been difeovered 4 that Sugar may be refined without the Operation of Claying, and 4 it is expedient that Sugar fo refined fhould be allowed a Bounty Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Act there fhall be paid and allowed, on the Exportation from Great Britain and Ireland to Foreign Parts, or on the Exportation from the one Country to the other refpectively, a Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on all fingle refined Sugar after the Rate of Forty four Shillings per Hundred Weight, and on all double refined Sugar after the Rate of Fifty two Shillings per Hundred Weight, although fuch Sugar refpe&ively fhall not have been refined by the Operation of Claying.

II. And

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 43, 44.

123

II.	And be it further enaded, That before any fucli Bounty, Oath before Drawback or Allowance fliall be paid, or any Debenture made out Bounty paid, for the fame, the Refiner or Refiners, not being the Exporter or Exporters of fuch Sugar, (hall make Oath before the Colledor or

other proper Officer of the Cuftoms, that he or they fold fuch

Sugar, expreffing the Quantity and the time when, to the Perfon

or Perfons intending to export the fame, and, as he and they verily

believe, fuch Sugar was produced from Mufcovado Sugar imported

from His Majefty’s Plantations in America, or from Sugars the

Produce of the Eajl Indies, and that the feveral Duties payable

thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the fame ; and the

Exporter or Exporters of fuch Sugars (hall then make Oath that

fuch Sugars, being the Sugars for which fuch Bounty is then claimed,

are the identical Sugars or Part thereof which were fold to him as

aforefaid by fuch Refiner or Refiners ; and before the Money due

upon fuch Debenture or Debentures (hall be paid, fuch Exporter

or Exporters ffiall alfo make Oath that the laid Sugars have been

duly exported, His Majefty’s Searchers alfo certifying the ffiipping

thereof, and all the Requifites of Law being duly complied with;

and whenever the Refiner or Refiners of fuch Sugars ffiall be the Oath by Refiners

Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they ffiall then make Oath, as being Exporter*.

well of the due Exportation of the fame as of the feveral Particulars

herein before direded to be fworn by him or them (excepting what

relates to the Sale of the faid Sugars).

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Bounty, Drawback or Bounty paid Allowance hereby granted fliall be paid and allowed in like manner, under Con-and be fubjed in every other refped to the Conditions, Rules, ditions, &c- of Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now by Law formerLaws* pradifed and applied with refped to Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on refined Sugar not altered by this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad ffiall continue for Continuance of Two Years from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand Ad.

eight hundred and feventeen, and no longer.

C A P. XLIV.

An A£t to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, when affembled for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commiffions in fuch Corps, and to exempt Members in fuch Corps from ferving the Office of Conftable

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Ad paffed in the Forty fourth Year of the 44 G.3. c.j^ Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad; to confoli-* date and amend the Provifions of the feveral Ads relating to Corps c of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further * Regulations relating thereto :	And	Whereas	it	is	expedient	that

1 Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry when affembled for 4 Suppreffion or Prevention of Riots or Tumults ffiould be quartered 4 and billetted, and that Officers receiving Half Pay ffiould be 4 allowed to hold Commiffions as Captains, Lieutenants or Cornets 4 in fuch Corps, and that effedive Members thereof ffiould be * exempt from ferving Peace and Parifh Offices P May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and

Confent

Hosted by Google

C.44,45.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry when af-femhled for the Suppreflion of Riots quartered as His Majefty’s Forces.

Officers while ferving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry not to forfeit Half Pay.

Oath to be taken by fuch Officers.

No Member of fuch Corps liable to lerve the Office c-f Conftable.

Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Perfons enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry fhall, whenever they (hall be aflembled and doing Military Duty for the Suppreflion or Prevention of Riots or Tumults in Aid of any Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates, be entitled to be quartered and billetted in like manner in every refpeft, and under and fubjetft to the fame Regulations as the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of His Majefty’s Forces.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay fhall be deemed to forfeit fuch Half Pay during the time he fhall belong to or be inrolled in or ferve or receive Pay a3 Captain, Lieutenant or Cornet in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, but every fuch Officer fhall notwithftanding his holding any fuch Commiflion in and receiving Pay for the fame in any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry be entitled to and fhall continue to receive his Half Pay ; and inftead of the Oath ufually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every fuch Officer fo entitled to Half Pay and ferving as aforefaid fhall take the following Oath j

‘ J A. B. do fwear, That I had not between the 4 and the	any Place or Employment

4 of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefly, befides an Allow-4 ance of Half Pay, fave and except my Pay or Allowance (as the 4 cafe may be) for ferving in the	Corps	of	Yeomanry

4 or Volunteer Cavalry of the	as	Captain,

4 Lieutenant or Cornet (as the cafe may be).9

And the taking of the faid Oath fhall, without taking any other Oath, be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay.

III.	And be it further enabled, That no Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or effective Member of any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, fhall, during the Period of his continuing enrolled in and an effective Member of fuch Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, be compellable or compelled to ferve the Office of Conftable in the Pariffi to which he belongs.

CAP. XLV.

Ail A£t for the Continuation of all and every Perfon or Perfons in any and every Office, Place or Employment, Civil or -Military, within the United Kingdom of Great Britoin and Ireland,^ Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweedy Ifles of Jerfey> Guernfey, Alderney, Sarke and Man> and alfo in all and every of His Majefty’s Foreign Pofleffions, Colonies, or Plantations, which he or fhe fhall hold, poflefs or exercife during the Pleafure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demife of His prefent Majefly, until removed or difcharged therefrom by the fucceeding King or Queen of this Realm.	[27th	June	1817.]

4 WJ HE REAS it is expedient to provide by Law as hereinafter 4 VV is ena&ed Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 45, 46.

A D.I817.

liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who upon the Day of the Demife of His prefent Majefty (whom God long preferve) fhall hold any Office, Civil or Military, under the Crown during Pleafure, fhall under and by virtue of this Adi, and without any new or other Patent, Com-miffion, Warrant or Authority, continue and be intitled in all re-pedls, notwithftanding the Demife of His Majefty, to hold and enjoy the fame ; but neverthelefs the fame (hall be held or enjoyed only during the Pleafure of the King or Queen who fhall fucceed to the Crown upon the Demife of His prefent Majefty, and the Right and Title to hold and enjoy the fame under the Authority of this Adi fhall be determinable in fuch and the like manner by the King or Queen who upon the Demife of His prefent Majefty fhall fucceed to the Crown, as the Right or Title to any Office, Place or Employment, granted by fuch fucceeding King or Queen during Pleafure, would by Law be determinable: Provided always, that nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to deprive the Heirs and Succeffors of His Majefty, Kings or Queens of this Realm, of the Power of removing and difcharging any Perfon or Perfons from his, her or their refpedlive Offices, Places and Employments, in fuch manner as by Law they might have done if this Adi or any thing therein contained had never been paffed.

CAP. XLVI.

An A<ft to prevent the iftuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, ufually called Tokens.

[27th June 1817.]

C WJ PEREAS various Pieces of Copper, and mixed Metals

*	VV compofed in part of Copper, ufually denominated Tokens,

*	have lately been and are iffued and circulated, by Perfons reftding € in various Parts of the United Kingdom, in great Quantities, as ‘ Money, and for a nominal Value of the Metals of which they are

*	compofed: And Whereas it is expedient that the further making ‘ and iftuing of fuch Tokens ffiould be prohibited, and that the Cir-( culation of thofe already made or iftued ffiould alfo be prohibited ‘ after a limited Period May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Adi no Piece of Copper, or mixed Metal compofed in part of Copper, of whatever Value the fame may be, fhall be made or manufadlured or originally iffued as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or other wife, whether fuch Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or in any manner whatfoever ; and every Perfon who ffiall, after the paffing of this Adi, make or manufadlure, or originally iffue, or caufe or procure to be made, manufadlured or originally iffued, or permit or fuffer to be fo iffued, on his or her Behalf, as for nominal Value in Money or Goods, any fuch Token, ffiall for every Token fo made, manufadlured or iffued, or procured or permitted to be fo made, manufadlured or iffued as

afore-

125

Perfons holding Offices under (.he Crown during Pleafure nuy, at the Demife of His Majelty, continue to hold the fame during the Pleafure of the King or Queen who Audi fucceed.

No Copper or Mixed Metal Tokens to be made or iffued.

Hosted by Google

C.46.

5 T GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Penalty.

Circulating fuch Tokens,

Penalty.

Iffuer to be liable for Payment.

Provifo for Bank of England Tokens.

Sheffield Penny Tokens iffuedfor the Relief of the Poor may circulate until 25th March

18*3.

Overfeers of the Poor of Sheffield to pay id. for their Tokens.

aforefaid, forfeit any Sum not lefs than One Pound nor more than Five, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who (hall hear and determine fuch Offence.

II. And be it further enadled, That from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, no Piece of Copper, or of any mixed Metal compofed partly of Copper, of whatever Value the fame may be, (hall pafs or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwife, whether fuch Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods or other Value, or in any manner whatfoever ; and every Perfon who (hall, after the faid Firft of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, circulate or pafs, as for any nominal Value in Money or Goods, any fuch Token, {ball for every fuch Token fo circulated or paffed, whether fuch Perfon fhall be or have been concerned in the original IlTuing or Circulation of any fuch Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not lefs than Two Shillings nor more than Ten Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who lhall hear and determine fuch Offence ; provided that nothing in this Adi contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any Perfon from prefenting any fuch Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to difcharge or excufe any fuch original Iffuer from his Liability to pay the fame : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained {hall be conftrued as affedting any Tokens which have been or may be iffued by the Bank of England.

* III. And Whereas certain Tokens made of Copper or of a c mixed Metal compofed partly of Copper, and bearing the Super-c fcription u Sheffield Penny Token” were iffued from time to time

*	during the Years One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, One < thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, One thoufand eight hundred

*	and fourteen, and One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, by the c Overfeers of the Poor of the Townfhip of Sheffield, in the County c of Tork : And Whereas the immediate Suppreffion of the Circu-c lation of the aforefaid Tokens would be attended with great Lofs t to the faid Tovvnlhip of Sheffeld, and to the Holders thereof, who c are for the moft part Labourers and Mechanics, as well as with c great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Sheffield, c and the Neighbourhood thereof;* Be it further enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall be conftrued to prevent fuch Tokens as aforefaid from being paffed and circulated at any time previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March which will be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty-three: Provided always, that from and after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, all and every the Provifions of this Adi fhall be conftrued to prevent fuch Tokens as aforefaid from being paffed and circulated.

IV. And be it further enadled, That in cafe any Token or Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal compofed partly of Copper, with the Superfcription “ Sheffeld Penny Token” and which has or have been iffued by the Overfeers of the Poor of the Townfhip of Sheffeld, at any time previous to the palling of this Adi, fhall, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, and previous to the Twenty fifth Day of

September

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.46.

127

September One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, be pre-fented to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Townfhip of Sheffield for the time being, or their Agent, at the Workhoufe of the faid Townfhip, the faid Overfeers fhall receive and take fuch Token or Tokens as aforefaid, paying to the Holder or Holders thereof One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm for each and every Token fo prefented as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Overfeers or their Agent fhall negledf or refufe to receive and take fuch Token as aforefaid, and to pay One Penny for the fame as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for One Juftice of the Peace, upon Complaint upon Oath in that Behalf made, to fummon fuch Overfeers or their Agent, and after hearing the Parties upon both Tides, to direct and order (if he fhall fee juft Caufe) the faid Overfeers of the Poor or their Agent to take and receive fuch Token as aforefaid, and to pay One Penny for the fame as aforefaid, together with all Cofts and Charges whatever attending fuch Complaint fo made before fuch Juftice : Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful for the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Townfhip of Sheffield to pay fuch Penny as aforefaid out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Toor of the faid Townfhip ; but that it fhall not be lawful for the faid Overfeers of the Poor to pay the Cofts and Charges attending any fuch Complaint as aforefaid out of any Money received by them as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Overfeers of the Poor for the Townfhip of Sheffield for the time being fhall at any time previous to the faid Tvventy fifth of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, deem it advifable to call in fuch Tokens as aforefaid, or any Amount of them, it fhall and may be lawful for them to take fuch Meafures as may to them feem neceffary for that Purpofe ; paying, however, for each and every Token fo called in, One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm, out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Town (hip of Sheffield.

* VI. And Whereas certain other Tokens made of Copper, or of a

<	mixed Metal compofed partly of Copper, and bearing the Super-c fcription “ Birmingham, One Penny ” were ifiued from time to ( time during the Years One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, One 6 thoufand eight hundred and twelve, One thoufand eight hundred

<	and thirteen, One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and One * thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, by the Overfeers of the Poor

<	of the Parifh of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; And « Whereas the immediate Supprefiion of the Circulation of the afore-« faid Tokens would be attended with great Lofs to the faid Parifli

<	of Birmingham, and to the Holders thereof, as well as with great

<	Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham and

<	the Neighbourhood thereofBe it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A 61 contained (hall be conftrued to prevent fuch Tokens as aforefaid from being patted and circulated at any time previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; Provided always, that from and after the faid Twenty fifth of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, all and every the Provifions of this A& (hall be conftrued to prevent fuch Tokens as aforefaid from being palled and circulated.

VII. And

Juflice upon Complaint may fummon Over-leers.

Overfeers may pay fuch Penny out or Poor's Rates.

Overfeers of the Poor of Sheffield may call in Tokens before a5th March I

Birmingham Penny Token* idued for the Relief of the Poor may circulate until 35th March 1820.

Hosted by Google

C.46.

57° GEO. III.

Overfeers of the Poor of Birmingham to pay id. for their Tokens.

Juftice upon Complaint may fummon Overfeers.

Overfeers may pay fuch Penny out of Poor’s Rates.

Overfeers of the Poor of Birmingham may call in Tokens before 25th March 1820.

Juftices to determine Offences and adjudge Penalty.

Witneffes not attending to give Kvidence,

A.D. 1817*

VII.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe any Token or Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal compofed partly of Copper, with the Superfcription “ Birmingham, One Penny ” and which have been iffued by the Overfeers of the Poor of Birmingham at any time previous to the palling of this Adi, fhall, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and previous to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, be prefented to the Overfeers of the Poor of Birmingham, or their Agent, at the Workhoufe of the faid Parifh, the faid Overfeers fhall receive and take fuch Token or Tokens as aforefaid, paying to the Holder or Holders thereof One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm for each and every Token fo prefented as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Overfeer or their Agent fhall negledl or refufe to receive and take fuch Token as aforefaid, and to pay One Penny as aforefaid for the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for One Juftice of the Peace, upon Complaint upon Oath in fuch Behalf made, to fummon fuch Overfeers or their Agent, and after hearing the Parties upon either Side to direct and order (if he fhall fee juft Caufe) the faid Overfeers of the Poor or their Agent to take and receive fuch Token as aforefaid, and to pay One Penny for the fame as aforefaid, together with all Cofts and Charges whatever attending fuch Complaint fo made before fuch Juftice: Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful for the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh of Birmingham to pay fuch Penny as aforefaid out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parifh ; but that it fhall not be lawful for them to pay the Cofts and Charges attending any Complaint out of fuch Money.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Overfeers of the Poor of Birmingham fhall, at any time previous to the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, deem it advifable to call in fuch Tokens as aforefaid, or any Amount of them, it fhall and may be lawful for them to take fuch Meafures as may to them feem neceffary for that Purpofe ; paying, however, for each and every fuch Token fo called in, One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm, from and out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Townfhip of Birmingham.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace adling for the County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence againft this Adi fhall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a fummary Way; and fuch Juftice or Juftices, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, fhall fummon the Party, accufed, and alfo the Witneffes on cither Side, and fhall examine into the Matter of Fadl; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confefiion of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes or other wife (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is or are hereby authorized to adminifter), fhall convidl the Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for fuch Offence.

X.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon fhall be fum-moned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before fuch Juftice or Juftices, either on the Part of the Profecutor or the Perfon accufed, and fhall negledl or refufe to appear at the time or Place to be for that Purpofe

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.4 6.

129

pofe appointed, without a reafonable Excufe for fuch his NegleCt or Refufal, to be allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices, then fuch Perfon fliall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch Means as are directed for Recovery of other Penalties under this Adi.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That the Juftice or Juftices before whom any Offender {hall be conviCted as aforefaid, fhali caufe the faid Convidlion to be made out in the manner and Form following; (that is to fay,)

BE it remembered, That on the	Day of

« in the Year of our Lord	A.	B. having appeared

t before me ['or, us] One [01*, more] of His Majefty’s Juftices of c the Peace [as the cafe may be~\ for the County, Riding, City or

< Place, [as the cafe may be,~\ and due Proof having been made

< upon Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by

<	Confeftion of the Party, [as the cafe may be~\, is conviCted of ( [fpecifying the Offence*], in the Sum of

( Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the c Day and Year aforefaid.’

Which ConviClion the faid Juftice or Juftices fhali caufe to be returned to the then next General Quarter Seftions of the Peace of the County, City, Riding or Place where fuch ConviCtion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of fuch County, Riding, City or Place.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That it {hall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe, to caufe a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by him under the Directions of this ACt, to be forthwith delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every fuch Copy.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction againft this ACt, {hall be forthwith paid by the Perfon conviCted, as follows : One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the Offence {hall be committed ; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhali refufe or negleCt to pay the fame, or to give fufficient Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice or Juftices to profecute any Appeal againft fuch Conviction, fuch Juftice or Juftices {hall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Coils and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner ; and which faid Warrant of Diftrefs the faid Juftice or Juftices {hall caufe to be made out in the manner and Form following (that is to fay),

* To the Conftable, Headborough or Tithingman of 4 ^HEREAS A. B. of	in	the	County	of

4	is this Day conviCted before me [or, us]

4 One [or, more] of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace [ax the 4 cafe may be~\ for the County of	[or,	for	the

4 Riding of the County of York, or, for the Town, Liberty or c DiftriCt of	1 the cafe may be~\ upon the Oath

57 Geo, III.	' K	<	of

Penalty 50I.

Form of Conviction.

Conviction to be returned to Quarter Seflions and recorded.

Clerk of the Peace to deliver a Copy thereof on Payment of is.

Recovery and Diftribution of Penalties.

Appeal.

Diftrefs.

Warrant of Dill refs.

Hosted by GoOglC

130

C.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

‘ of	[or,	a credible Witnefs

4 or WitnefTes] [or, by Confeffion of the Party, as the cafe may 4 be] for that the Paid A. B. hath [here fet forth the Offence*] contrary 4 to the Statute in that cafe made and provided, by reafon whereof 4 the faid A, B. hath forfeited the Sum of

4 to be diftributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refufed to 4 pay : Thefe are therefore in His Majefty's Name to command you 4 to levy the faid Sum of	by	Diftrefs of the Goods

c and Chattels of him the faid A. B.; and if within the Space of 4	Days	next after fuch Diftrefs by you taken, the faid

‘ Sum, together with reafonable Charges of taking the fame, fhall 6 not be paid, then that you do fell the faid Goods and Chattels fo 4 by you diftrained, and out of the Money arifmg by fuch Sale* that 4 you do pay One Half of the faid Sum of	to

4	of	who informed me [or, us, as

4 the cafe fhall be] of the faid Offence, and the other Half of the * faid Sum of	to	the	Overfeer of the Poor of the

4 Parifh [Townfhip or Place] where the Offence was committed, 4 to be employed for the Benefit of fuch Poor, returning the Over-4 plus (if any) upon Demand to the faid A. B., the reafonable 4 Charges of taking, keeping and felling the faid Diffrefs being firft 4 deduded ; and if fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found of the Goods 4 and Chattels of the faid A. B. whereon to levy the faid Sum of 4	that then you certify the fame to me [or, us,

4 as the cafeJloall be] together with this Warrant. Given under my 4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the	Day	of

4	in	the	Year of our Lord

Offenders detained till Return of Warrant of Diilrefs, unlefs Secuiity given.

If on Return no Diffrefs, Offender may be committed,

unlefs Appeal;

on which Recognizance to be entered into.

Notice of Appeal ;

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to order fuch Offender to be detained in fafe Cuftody until Return may conveniently be had and made to fuch Warrant of Diffrefs, unlefs the Party fo convicted fhall give fufficient Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice or Juftices for his Appearance before the faid Juftice or Juftices, on fuch Day as fhall be appointed by the faid Juftice or Juftices for the Day of the Return of the faid Warrant of Diftrefs (fuch Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of fuch Security), which Security the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or othervvife.

XV.	And be it farther enaded, That if upon fuch Return no fufficient Diftrefs can be had, then and in fuch cafe the faid Juftice or Juftices fhall and may commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, for the Space of One Calendar Month, unlefs the Money forfeited fhall be fooner paid, or unlefs or until fuch Offender, thinking him or herfelf aggrieved by fuch Convidion, fhall give Notice to the Informer that he or fhe intends to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding or Place wherein the Offence fhall be committed, and fhall enter into Recognizance before fome Juftice or Juftices, with Two fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seffions ; which Notice of Appeal, being not lefs than Eight Days before fuch Quarter Seffions, fuch Perfon fo aggrieved is

hereby

Hosted by Google

A.D. 181

57° GEO. III.

C.46,47.

131

and thereupon Seffions to determine.

Competency of WitnefTes.

Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, &c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

hereby empowered'to give; and the faid Juftices at fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper; and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seffions (hall be final, binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That no Perfon fhall be disabled from being a Witnefs in any Profecution for any Offence againft this Adi, by reafon of his being an Inhabitant of the Parifti wherein fuch Offence was committed : Provided always, that no Proceeding to be had touching the Convidlion or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders againft this Adi fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler, or elfevvhere.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Adlion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done or adled in purfuance of this Adi, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Adlion or Suit fhall be commenced or profecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fadl was committed, and not afterwards ; and the fame and every fuch Adlion or Suit fhall be brought within the County where the Fadl was committed, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adlion or Suit fhall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Adt and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Adi ; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Adlion or Suit fhall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her or their Adlion after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cafes by Law.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Copper Monies of the Realm now current or to be current, by virtue of any Proclamation or Proclamations that fhall have been or may be lffued by His Majefty.

CAP. XL VII.

An Aft for fettling and fecuring Annuities on Lord ColcheJiery and on the next Perfon to whom the Title of Lord Colchef-ter (hall defeend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.

[27th June 1817.]

1 Moft Gracious Sovereign, c TT7HEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Recital of c VV Britain and Ireland did, by an humble Addrefs to His Aildrefs of the c Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, befeech His Royal Highnefs **ow*"e Com-

K 2	c	that

Treble Cofts.

Provifo for Copper Monies of the Realm.

Hosted by Google

132

C. 47.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Jfcons to the Prince Regent.

Anfwer.of the Prince Regent.

An Annuity of 4,oool. granted to Charles Lord Colchefter, for Life, to be pad Quarterly, clear of Taxes, &c.

Commencement and Periods of Payment.

that He would be gracioufly pleafed, adling in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majefty, to confer fome fignal Mark of the Royal Favour upon Charles Lord Colchejler, late Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, for his great and eminent Services performed c to his Country during the long and important Period in which he ‘ had, with fuch diftinguifhed Ability and Integrity, preiided in the ‘ Chair of the Houfe of Commons, and allured His Royal Highnefs,

*	that whatever Expenfe His Royal Highnefs fhould think proper < to be incurred upon that Account, the faid Houfe would make

*	good the fame to His Majefty : And Whereas His Royal High-

*	nefs The Prince Regent, in Anfwer to the faid Addrefs, was

*	gracioufly pleafed to declare, that His Royal Highnefs had the 4 jufteft Senfe of the long Services and great Merit of Charles Lord c Colchejler, late Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, and in the

*	Name and on the Behalf of Your Majefty had already taken the ‘ fame into his Confideration, and was deiirous, in Compliance with

*	the Wifhes of Your Majefty’s faithful Commons, to confer upon

*	the faid Lord Colchejler fome further lignal Mark of His Favour ;

*	but as the fame could not be effectually granted and fecured with*

*	out the Concurrence of Parliament, His Royal Highnefs recom-c mended to the Houfe of Commons the Adoption of fuch Meafures 6 as might be neceffary for the Accomplifhment of that Purpofe :* Now we, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament affembled, have refolved that the Annual Sum of Four thoufand Pounds Net be granted out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; the faid Annuity to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and to be fettled in the moft beneficial manner upon, and to continue during the Life of Charles Baron Colchejler of Colchejler in the County of EJfex, and that the Annual Sum of Three thoufand Pounds Net be granted to His Majefty out of the faid Confolidated Fund, to commence on the Expiration of the above mentioned Annuity of Four thoufand Pounds, and to be fettled in like manner upon and to continue during the Life of fuch Heir Male of the Body of the faid Charles Lord Colchejler, as ftiall firft fucceed to the Title of Baron Colchejler of Colchejler in the County of EJfex ; and do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Four thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain lhall be iffuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or referving fulficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been dire&ed by any former Adt or Adis of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which fhall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the faid Fund) ; and the fame fhall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedudlions whatfoever, to the faid Lord Colchejler, for and during the natural Life of the faid Lord Colchjler; which faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum fhall commence and take Effedt from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen j the Firft Payment to be computed

from

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 47.

from the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and from thenceforth fhall be paid and payable at the Four ufual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to fay, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0Bober, the Fifth Day of January, and the Filth Day of April, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Deceafe An Annuity of of the faid Charles Lord Colchejler One Annuity or Yearly Rent or 3>0?°1- to the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain j

fhall be ifluing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon fir^ fa^eding^’ the faid Fund in manner aforefaid, and the fame fhall from time to to the Title, lor time be paid Quarterly in manner aforefaid, free and clear of all Life.

Taxes and Deductions whatfoever, to fuch Heir Male of the Body of the faid Charles Lord Colchejler as fhall firft fucceed to the Title of Baron Colchejler of Colchejler in the County of EJfex> for and during the natural Life of fuch Heir Male.

III.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That it fhall and may be Treafury, by

lawful to and for the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom Warrant, todi-of Great Britain and Irelandy or the Commiffioners of His Majefly’s	Auditor

Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or °Q 'pais Deben-^ any Three or more of them for the Time being, and they are hereby tures for the authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, to direCI Payment of loch the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time Annuities being to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for WIt^out Fee* paying the faid refpective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums of

Four thoufand Pounds or Three thoufand Pounds in- manner as aforefaid, and as the fame fhall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which, faid Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon, fhall be a fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and foF the time being for the Payment of the faid Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums to the faid Lord Colchejler and fuch Heir Male as^aforefaid, at the refpe&ive Quarterly Days in this A6t before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That after figning of fuch Warrant not to

Warrant, the fame fhall be good, valid and effectual in Law, ac- re’^^|^on cording to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Ad,	1	€

and fhall not be determinable or revokable by or upon the Demife

of His Majefty, (whom God long preferve 1) or of any of His Heirs or Succeifors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Lord High Treafurer of Treafury and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Com- Exchequer to do miffioner8 of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of neceVary^fo Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, Chancellor and Under render this A& Treafurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all effectual without other the Officers and Minifters of the Court of Exchequer and of Fee.

die Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, fhall and they are

K 3	hereby

Hosted by

Google

C. 47.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Acquittance of Lord Colchefter and the laid next SuccelTbr fufficient Dif-charge for Payment of Annuity.

Remedy for Recovery of Annuities.

Annuities re-ipedtively veiled in Lord Colchefter and the faid next Suc-ceffor.

How far the fame may be aliened.

Abatement of One Half of the Annuity of

hereby authorized and ftri&ly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all fuch A6fs, matters and things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or (hall be neceffary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this A61 and the feveral Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI.	And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the faid Lord Colchefter, and of the firft Heir Male of the Body of the faid Lord Colchefter on whom the faid Title fhall defeend, {hall be a good and fufficient Difcharge for the Payment of the faid refpe&ive Annuities or Yearly Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the faid refpe£tive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, and every Part thereof, fhall be free and clear from all Taxes, Irnpofitions and other Charges whatfoever ; and in cafe any of the Officers of the Receipt of Plis Majefty’s Exchequer fhall refufe or neglect to pay the faid refpe6tive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A 61, or to do any A61 neceffary to enable the faid Lord Colchefter and the firft Heir Male of the Body of the faid Lord Colchefter on whom the faid Title, Honour and-Dignity of Lord Colchefter fhall defeend, to receive the fame, then the faid Lord Colchefter and the next fucceeding Heir Male of the Body of the faid Lord Colchefter on whom the faid Title fhall defeend, may from time to time fue, profecute and implead fuch Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and fhall and may recover Judgment and fue out Executions thereupon againft fuch Officers refpe6lively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for fo much of fuch Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the faid refpeftive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, as fhall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands fhall have been legally made of the Payment of the faid refpe6tive Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, or for the Refufal or Negleft to do any A61 neceffary to be done by fuch Officer or Officers refpe£tively.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Four thoufand Pounds fhall be and the fame is by this A61 veiled in the faid Lord Colchefter, and the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Three thoufand Pounds fhall be and the fame is by this A61 veiled in the next fucceeding Heir Male of the Body of the faid Lord Colchefter to whom the laid Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Colchefter fhall defeend ; and the fame Or any Part thereof fhall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, difpofed, charged or encumbered by the faid Lord Colchefter, or by the next fucceeding Heir Male of the Body of the faid Lord Colchefter on whom the laid Title fhall defeend, for any greater or larger Eftate or time than during the natural Life of the Perfon fo aliening, conveying, difpofing, charging or encumbering the fame, fo as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or fucceeding Heir Male of the Body of the faid Lord Colchefter to whom the faid title of Lord Colchefter fhall defeend.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That One Half of the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum fhall abate and be

fufpended

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 47,48.

135

fufpended dining any Period in which the faid Charles Lord 4>coo\. m & Colchejler may hereafter hold any Place, Office or Employment celt2in Ilven under His Majefty of equal or greater Amount, in Salary, Profit or Emolument, than the Amount of fuch Annuity.

CAP. XLVIII.

An A£l to make further Provifion for the Adjuftment of the Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occafional Deficiency which may arife in the faid Fund in Great Britain or Ireland, refpelively ; and to diredl the Application of Monies by the Com-mifiioners for the Redu£lion of the National Debt.

[27th June 18 1 7.]

4	*n con^e(luence of the Confolidation of the Re-

4 VV venues of Great Britain and Ireland, it is become expedient c to make further Provifion for the Adjuftment of the Accounts * of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ; and that for 4 that Purpofe Quarterly Accounts of the Iffues made out of the 6 growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund in Ireland, for the 6 current Services there, fhould be made up and tranfmitted to Great 6 Britaint and provided for in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately after the Termination of each Accounts in the Quarter of a Year ending upon the Fifth Day of Aprily the Fifth Exchequer in Day of July, the Tenth Day of Ottober, and the Fifth Day of January Jrela11^ how to refpetftively in each and every Year, Accounts fhall be made up in the e ma e u^‘ Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland of all Sums which fhall have been ilfued, during the Quarter ending on the faid Days refpedtively, out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund arifing in Ireland, fpecifying feparately the Iffues made for defraying the Services comprized in the Annual Grants of Parliament, or which would in Great Britain be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year, and fpecifying alfo in each and every fuch Account the Heads of Service for which fuch Iftues were fo made ; which Accounts fhall be certified by the Auditor Such Accounts General of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, and t0 be certified by fhall be tranfmitted by him to the Lord High Treafurer or the A;u^lt0^Geileral Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom }°n i^nd^nd of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord High Treafurer, or tranfmitted by Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more himtoTrea-of them, fhall thereupon, by Warrant under his or their Hand or lury ot the Hands, order and diredf that out of any of the Aids or Supplies G™ted of the Year in the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, a Sum or Sums of Money equal to fuch certified Amount of the Iffues fo made out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund arifing in Ireland, for defraying the Services comprized in the Annual Grants of Parliament, or which would in Great Britain be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year, fhall be carried and placed to the Credit of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, for the Quarter ending on

K 4	"	the

Hosted by Google

136

C.48.

57° GEO. 111.

A.D.1817-

56 G. 3.C.98.

Treafury to

before the re cited A<5t.

the ufual Quarter Day next enfuing after the Date of fuch Certificate, and the fame (hall thereupon be carried and placed to fuch Account and Credit by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain ; any thing in an Adt made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to unite and confolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And Whereas certain Payments have been heretofore made 4 by Law or Ufage out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated 4 Fund of Great Britain,’ Be it therefore enadted, That it (hall and o^tofthe(>nfoS may be lawful f°r the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or lidated Fund as anY ^hree or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to caufe any Payment or Payments to be made, or any Sum or Sums of Money to be iffued out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, in advance or otherwife, in like manner as had been pradtifcd before the palling of the faid recited Add of the laft Seflion of Parliament; any thing contained in the faid Adi to the.contrary notwithftanding.

4 III. And Whereas the Exchequer Bills which have been iflued 4 upon the Credit of Aids and Supplies heretofore granted by Parlia-4 ment have been provided for, and the Sums due and to arife from 4 the Surplus of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain under 4 former Grants of Parliament, and which were applicable to the 4 Difcharge of fuch Exchequer Bills, have by reafon thereof become 4 no longer neceffary for fuch Service;’ Be it therefore enadled, Grants to arife That all Grants made by Parliament, to arife from the Surplus of from the Surplus the faid Confolidated Fund, and which Surplus had not accrued prior to the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, and alfo all Sums due from the faid Confolidated Fund to the Aids or Supplies of former Years, in refpedt of Money advanced thereout to make good the Deficiencies of the faid Fund, (hall be and be deemed to be fatisfied and cancelled, and no further Sums (hall be iffued or iffuable thereupon ; any tiling in any Adi or Adts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further enabled, That all Balances due from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain refpec-tively, upon or in refpedl of, or in any manner arifing out of the joint Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland to the Expences of the United Kingdom, under the Provifions of the feveral Adis pafled in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland refpedlively in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years and in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, (hall be and are hereby cancelled, and (hall be deemed and are hereby declared to be fatisfied and difeharged ; any thing contained in the faid recited Adis or any other Adt or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 V. And Whereas by an Adi made in the Twenty feventh 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for 4 repealing the feveral Duties of Cufioms and Excife, and granting 4 other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid Duties toge-4 ther with the other Duties compofing the Public Revenue ; for per-4 mitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

4 the

of the Confolidated Fund, which had not accrued prior to Jan. 5, 1817,&c. to be deemed fatisfied and can-celled.

Certain Balances due from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, cancelled.

27 G. § 53.

3- c. 13.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 48.

137

*	the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the 4 French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain uti-4 claimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment 4 of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; 4 it is among other things enacted, that if at any time at which 4 any Annuity or Annuities (hall become due and payable, the Pro-4 duce of the feveral Duties compofing the Confolidated Fund efta-4 blifhed by the faid Aft fhould not be fufficient to anfwer and pay 4 all the Annuities and other Charges that fhould become due and 4 payable on any Quarterly or other Day of Payment, the Com-4 miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury or the Lord High Treafurer 4 for the time being were thereby authorized, empowered and re~

*	quired, out of any Money which fhould then be remaining in the 4 Receipt of the Exchequer of Aids or Supplies that fhould have 4 been granted for the Service of the Year in which fuch Deficiency 4 fhould happen, to apply fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhould be 4 fufficient fully and completely to anfwer and make good fuch 4 Deficiency, and all fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo ifTued out of 4 the faid Aids or Supplies fhould be replaced to the Service or 4 Services to which the fame might have been appropriated by Par-4 liament, out of the firft or any future Quarter’s Surplus of the 4 Duties and Revenues compoling the faid Confolidated Fund :

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Provifion fhould be re-4 pealed Be it therefore enabled, That the faid Provifion ffiall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 VI. And Whereas it may happen that the Confolidated Fund 4 of the United Kingdom may at certain times be deficient in 4 Amount to anfwer the feveral Charges thereupon arifing in Great 4 Britain or Ireland refpeftively, and it is expedient that Provifion 4 fhould be made for making good fuch Deficiency, in cafe the fame 4 fhould arife •’ Be it therefore enafted, That if, upon making up the Accounts of the Income and Charge of the faid Confolidated Fund in Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, for the Quarters ending on the Fifth Day of April the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, or the Fifth Day of January in any Year, it fhall appear to the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, that the Produce of the faid Fund is not fufficient to defray the Charges thereupon in Great Britain, or in Ireland refpeftively, then and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hands, to caufe or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be fufficient to make up fuch Deficiency in Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively ; and fuch Exchequer Bills ffiall be made out in the fame or like manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prefcribed in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An All for regulating the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills,

VII. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the faid recited Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for regulating

the

repealed.

Regulation for making good Deficiencies by ifluing Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to be made out as by 48 G.3. c. 1,

48 G.3. c.l. to extend to Exchequer Bills iflued under this A a.

Hosted by Google

C.4S.

57° GEO. ill.

A.D. 1817-

Intereft of fuch Exchequer Bills.

Banks of England and Ireland empowered to advance Money on the Credit of fuch Exchequer Bilk,

notwithftanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Exchequer Bills for Deficiencies in G. B. to be placed as CaCh in the Offices of the Tellers of the Exchequer;

and to be i(Tiled for defraying Charges upon Confolidated Fund by renfon of Deficiencies.

Exchequer Bills for Deficiencies

the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, fhall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this A6t, as fully and cffe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the laid feveral Claufes and Provifions had been particularly repeated and re-ena£ted in the Body of this Act.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this A61 fhall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in refpe6h of the Whole of the Monies refpe6lively contained therein.

IX.	And be it declared and further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby refpeCtively empowered, to take, accept and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in purfuance of this A£t, and to advance or lend to His Majefty at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively, upon the Credit of fuch Exchequer Bills, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum neceffary to make good fuch Deficiency of the Confolidated Fund in Great Britain ox Ireland refpe&ively; any thing in an Acf made and patted in the Parliament of England, in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Ad for granting to Their Majejlies federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Veffels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors ; and for fecuring certain Recompences and Advantages in the faid Act mentioned to fuch Perfons as fhall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hundred thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the War againjl France, or in any other A6t or A6ls to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, fhall and they are hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered to caufe fuch Exchequer Bills as fhall be made out in purfuance of this A6t, in refpe6t of any Deficiency in the faid Confolidated Fund arifing in Great Britain, to be placed as fo much Cafh in the refpedlive Offices of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain; each and every of which Tellers fhall be feverally charged with the Proportion of the faid Bills which fhall be fo placed in his Office refpeifively as fo much Cafh ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it alfo enaCted and declared, That the faid Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the faid Tellers fhall be locked up and fecured as Cafh according to the Courfe of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, and fhall be taken and efteemed as fo much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the faid Tellers fhall from time to time ftand charged in common with other the Monies in the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding ; and it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to iffue and apply the fame to the defraying the Charges upon the faid Confolidated Fund remaining unpaid in Great Britain by reafon of any fuch Deficiency.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiffioners of His Majefty*s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, fhall and they

5	are

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 48.

139

are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe fuch Exchequer Bills as fhall be made out in purfuance of this Aft, in refpeft of any Deficiency in the faid Confolidated Fund arifing in Ireland, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit and Account of the Teller of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, there to be iffued and applied to the defraying of the Charges upon the Confolidated Fund remaining unpaid in Ireland by reafon of fuch Deficiency.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all fuch Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, (hall be and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom in the next fucceed-ing Quarter ; and it {hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Flis Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, and they or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized from time to time by Warrant under their Hands to direft the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, in fuch manner as they {hall think neceifary, to iffue unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as {hall be named in the faid Warrants refpeftively, out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the next fucceeding Quarter, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum fufficient to difeharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in fuch Exchequer Bills then outftanding in Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, and which may have been made out and iffued by virtue of this Aft, together with all fuch Intereft as may be due thereupon.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being {hall from time to time caufe a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken attefted by the proper Officers of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills which {hall be made out and iffued by virtue of this Aft, and how much thereof {hall before the making up of fuch Accounts have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof {hall then remain undifeharged ; and every fuch Account {hall on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each and every Year be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, if Parliament {hall be then fitting, or if Parliament {hall not then be fitting, then within One Month after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament.

4 XV. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Twenty fixth 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for 4 vejl'tng certain Sums in Commiffioners at the End of every Quarter 4 of a Tear, to he by them applied to the Reduction of the National 4 Debt, it was enabled, that all Monies whatfoever which {hould be 4 placed from time to time to the Account of the faid Commiffioners 4 by virtue of the faid Aft, which {hould not be direfted by any 4 future Aft or Afts of Parliament to be applied in Payment for 4 the Redemption of any Redeemable Public Annuities at or above 4 Par, {hould be applied by the faid Commiffioners in Payment for 4 the Purchafe of Public Annuities below Par in the following 4 manner ; (that is to fay), that all Monies fo to be applied, which 4 ffiould. have been placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners 6 between the Fifth Day of April in any Year anthe Firft Day

4 of

arifing in Ireland, how lo !'& difpofed of.

Exchequer Bills and Intereft chargeable on the Confolidated Fund in the next fucceeding Quarter.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills difcharged and undifeharged to be annually laid before Parliament.

26G.3.C.31. § 11.

Hosted by Google

C.48.

57“ GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

So much of recited A£t as limits the Periods for applying Monies for the Purchafe of Public Annuities, repealed.

Monies fet apart and applicable between 1 Nov.

1817,	and 1 Feb.

1818,	to be applied by Com-miflioners in Purchafe of Annuities between 2 Nov. 1817,and

5 Jan. 1818.

Periods of Application Monies in future Years.

c of May then next enfuing, fhould be applied to the Purchafe of c fuch Annuities in equal Portions, as nearly as might be, on every ‘ Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the faid Firft

<	Day of May and the Fifth Day of Augujl then next enfuing ;

*	and in like manner the Sums fo to be applied, which fhould have

*	been placed to the Account of the faid Commiflioners between the c End of any fuch Quarter and the Firft Day of the Calendar c Month which fhould commence next after the End of fuch Quarter, 6 fhould be applied to the Purchafe of fuch Annuities in equal c Portions, as nearly as might be, on every Day (Saturdays and

*	Mondays excepted), on which the fame fhould be transferable

*	between the faid Firft Day of the Calendar Month which fhould ( commence next after the End of fuch Quarter and the Firft Day

*	of the Calendar Month which fhould commence next after the

*	End of the Quarter next enfuing : And Whereas it is expedient ‘ to alter the refpe£tive Periods for applying all fuch Monies, and c to fubftitute other Periods for the like Purpofe inftead thereof, in

*	order that the Accounts of the Application of the laid Monies c fhall terminate and be rendered conformable to the Periods of ter-‘ minating the feveral Accounts of the Public Revenues of the

<	United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That fo much of the faid recited A61 as limits the Periods for applying the faid Monies fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVI.	And be it further enacled, That all Monies whatever which fhall be to be fet apart and placed to the Account of the faid Commiflioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under and by virtue of the faid laft recited A<ft, or of any other A6t or Adis now in force for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which would be applicable between the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen and the Firft Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, purfuant to the Provifions of the faid A£t, fhall be applied by the faid Commiflioners in the Purchafe of Redeemable Public Annuities, as diredted by the faid recited Add, on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Second Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen and the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, both Days included.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That all Monies fo fet apart in every future Year fhall be applied in the manner following ; (that is to fay,) all Monies fo fet apart or to be fo fet apart and placed to the Account of the faid Commiflioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, due on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, fhall be applied by the faid Commiflioners in the Purchafe of Redeemable Public Annuities, as diredled by the faid recited Adi, on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of January and the Fifth Day of April then next enfuing, both Days included; and in like manner all Monies due the Fifth Day of April in every Year, and fet apart as aforefaid, fhall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of April and the Fifth Day of July then next enfuing, both Days included; and all Monies due the Fifth Day of July in every Year, and fet apart as aforefaid, fhall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of July and the Tenth Day of October then

next

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817,	57°	GEO.	III.	C. 48, 49.

next enfuing, both Days included ; and all Monies due the Tenth Day of 0Bober in every Year, and fet apart as aforefaid, fhall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Twelfth Day of OBober and the Fifth Day of January then next enfuing, both Days included; and every Annual Account of the Application of all fuch Monies, and of the Public Annuities purchafed with the fame, diredled by the faid recited Adi to be made up to the Fird Day of February in every Year, to be laid before Parliament ; and the Auditors^ of Public Accounts {hall in future terminate upon and be made up to the Fifth Day of January inclufive in every Year ; any thing in the faid lad recited Adi or any other Adi or Adis to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An A£t for altering and amending the Laws of Excife with refpedd to Salt and Rock Salt.	[27th June 1817.]

4 WHEREAS by an Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year of 38G.3. c.89.

6 VV the Reign of His prefent Majedy King George the Third, § a0,

* intituled An AB for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties 4 to the Commifjioners of Excife^ and for repealing the Duties on 4 Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout,

4 and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bonn-4 ties thereon, all and every the Proprietor and Proprietors of every 4 Salt Mine or Salt Pit is and are required, at lead Twelve Hours 4 before he, {he or they ihall at any time begin to raife or take away 4 Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to give 4 Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey 4 fuch Salt Mine or Salt Pit ffiall be, of the particular Day and 4 Hour of the Day on which he, fhe or they intends or intend to 4 begin raifing or taking any Rock Salt from or out of any fuch 4 Mine or Pit : And Whereas fuch Period of Twelve Hours for 4 fuch Notice as aforefaid has been found unneceffarily long and 4 inconvenient Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Mod Ex- Proprietors of cellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Salt Mines to Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament giye Two in lieu affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in lieu and indead	.

of fuch Period of Twelve Hours, all and every fuch Proprietor fajfag Rock^ °C and Proprietors of every Salt Mine or Salt Pit fhall give fuch Salt.

Notice as aforefaid at lead Two Hours before he, fhe or they fhall at any time begin to raife or take Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, any thing in the faid recited Acl contained to the contrary thereof notwithdanding.

v 4 II. And Whereas by the faid A€t all and every Maker or 38G. 3. c. 89.

4 Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Pro- § 13.

4 prietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, is and are required,

4 at lead Six Hours before he, fhe or they fhall begin to charge 4 his, her or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Preparation 4 for making or refining Salt, to give to the Officer of Excife 4 under whofe Survey his, her or their Salt Work fhall be, a Notice 4 in Writing of his, her or their Intention fo to do, fpecifying therein 4 the Particulars in the faid A£l mentioned ; and if any fuch Maker 4 or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors fhall £ not begin to charge hie, her or their Pan or Boiler within the

4 Space

141

| Sic.

Hosted by Google

142

§ *4-

§*5-

§ a8.

Tepealed.

Salt Makers to give Six Hours* Notice of their Intention to draw or take

C.49.	57°	GEO.	Ill	A.D. 1817*

Space of One Hour after the particular time or Hour fpecified in fuch Notice for that Purpofe, then to give a frefh and like Notice before he, fhe or they fhall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler ; and all and every fuch Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, who in purfuance of any fuch Notice as aforefaid fhall begin to charge, his, her or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Preparation for making Salt or refining Rock Salt, is and are required to proceed without Refpite or Delay and with all due Diligence and Difpatch, to charge fuch Pan or Boiler with the whole Quantity of Brine or other Preparation intended to be employed, ufed or worked off at fuch Boiling or Operation ; provided that if any fuch Maker, Refiner or Proprietor fhall have occafion to add to or increafe the Brine in any Pan or Boiler after fuch Pan or Boiler fhall have been charged, and before any Salt of that particular Boiling or Operation fhall have been taken from or out of fuch Pan or Boiler, he, fhe or they fhall be permitted and allowed once, but not oftener, to add to and increafe the Quantity of Brine in any fuch Pan or Boiler, upon giving fuch Notice as is prefcribed by the faid Adt ; and if any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, fhall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after he, fhe or they fhall have begun to take any Salt out of fuch Pan or Boiler, and before the whole Boiling or Operation of fuch particular Charge fhall be finifhed, and all the Salt made or intended to be made therefrom fhall be taken out of fuch Pan or Boiler, or fhall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after the fame fhall have been fully charged, (except in the manner thereinbefore allowed, under fuch Notice as is thereinbefore provided for making an Addition to or increafing the Brine in the Pan or Boiler,) he, fhe or they fhall forfeit the Penalty therein mentioned ; and in cafe any Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, inftead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or Operation in the Pan or Boiling Houfe until the whole of each Boiling or Operation fhall be finifhed, fhall be defirous to carry, remove or put any Salt of any particular Boiling or Operation into his, her or their Ware-houfe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts, before any fuch Boiling or Operation fhall be finifhed, fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, may carry, remove or put One Half (but neither more nor lefs) of the whole Number of Bafkets, Barrows or Troughs of Salt to be made at each fuch Boiling or Operation, into any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts, upon the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the faid Adi : And Whereas it is expedient that fuch Provifions of the faid Add as hereinbefore recited fhould be repealed Be t therefore enadled, That from and after the palling of this Adt the faid recited Provifions of the faid Adt fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enadled, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, fhall at leaft Six Hours before he, fhe or they fhall begin to draw or take out any Salt from any

Pan

Hosted by Google

57" GEO. III.

0.49.

143

Pan or Boiler after the fame fhall have been charged with Brine, or Salt from their other Preparation for making Salt, give to the Officer of Excife, Pans or Boilers, under whofe Survey his, her or their Salt Work fhall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention fo to do, fpecifying therein the particular time and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend to begin to draw or take out the Salt from fuch Pan or Boiler; and if any fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall not begin to draw and take out the Salt from fuch Pan or Boiler within the Space of Three Hours after the particular time or Hour fpecified in fuch Notice, then fuch Notice fhall be void ; and every fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or in what cafe Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforefaid, fhall give a frefh frefh Notice, and like Notice before he, fhe or they fhall begin to draw or take out any Salt from fuch Pan or Boiler ; and in cafe fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall negle6l or refufe to give fuch Notice as aforefaid, or having given a Notice which fhall become void as aforefaid, fhall negledl or refufe to give a frefh and like Notice, he, fhe or they fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum or Fifty Pounds. Penalty 50I.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Maker or Makers Adding Brine

of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Pro- after having be-prietors of any Salt Work, fhall convey or put, or caufe or fuffer |u” ^lunTefore to be conveyed or put, any Brine or other Preparation for making	thal

Salt into any Pan or Boiler after he, fhe or they fhall have begun operation

to draw or take out any Salt from fuch Pan or Boiler, and before is finiflied, &c.

he, fhe or they (hall declare to the furveying Officer that the whole

Operation of making Salt from the Brine which fhall then be in fuch

Pan or Boiler is finished, and that all the Salt made or intended to be

made therefrom in fuch Operation has been taken out of fuch Pan

or Boiler, he, {he or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and

lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty 50I.

V.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enadted, That Part of the Salt

in cafe any fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprie- of any Operation tor or Proprietors, inftead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or may be ware-Operation in the Pan or Boiling Houfe until the whole of each ^ufed before Boiling or Operation fhall be finifhed, fhall be defirous of carrying,	on$cer-

removing, or putting any Salt of any particular Boiling or Oper- uin Conditions, ation into his, her or their Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts, before any fuch Boiling or Operation fhall be finifhed, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch

Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to carry, remove or put any Part of the whole of the Salt to be made at each fuch Boiling or Operation into any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, (that is to fay,) Conditions, that in the Notice required by this A61 to be given as aforefaid for drawing or taking out Salt from bis, her or their Pan or Boiler, fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall fpecify the particular Number of Bafkets, Barrows or Troughs, and the eftimated Quantity of Salt of which fuch Part of fuch particular Boiling or Operation fhall or will confift, and the Day, and Hour of the Day, when fuch Part fhall be carried, removed or put into fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts 5 and alfo that all the Salt which, according*

to

Hosted by Google

144

C. 49,

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

5i G. 3. c. 82. § 2. recited.

Refiners to give Bond within Fourteen Days after Receipt of Rock Salt, for the Production of 581bs. of Refined for every 65’lbs. of Rock Salt, and for Payment

Duties.

to the Specification in fuch Notice, fhall be intended to be carried, removed or put into fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts, at each fuch Removal, fhall be actually fo carried, removed and put, immediately after the proper Officer of Excife fhall have taken a true Account thereof, and before any more or other Salt fhall be taken out of the Pan or Boiler of that or any fubfequent Boiling or Operation.

4 VI. And Whereas by a Claule in an A 61 made in the Fifty 4 firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, among other 4 things, For efiablifioing Regulations reffecting Rock Salt delivered 4 to the Refineries, it was enaCted, that when and fo foon as any Rock 4 Salt fhould be delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to be 4 ffiipped Coaftwife, or to be fent by Inland Navigation free of 4 Duty, on Bond for its being duly delivered at any entered Re-4 finery, not being within the Counties of Lancajler and Chefier 4 refpeCtively, the Refiner or Refiners to or for whom the fame 4 fhould be configned or fent fhould, within Six Weeks next after 4 the Delivery or Receipt of fuch Rock Salt, pay the Duties of 4 Excife at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Buffiel for 4 fuch Rock -Salt, unlefs fuch Refiner or Refiners fhould give fuch 4 fufficient Bond or Security as was in the faid Claufe mentioned 4 and prefcribed for the due Payment of the Duties of Excife 4 at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel for or in re-4 fpeCt of fuch Rock Salt, within the Space of Six Months next 4 after fuch Delivery or Receipt, or elfe producing to the proper

*	Officer of Excife within fuch Six Months, and having charged 4 with the Duties, a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made 4 from fuch Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty fix Pounds of 4 refined Salt at the leaf! for every Sixty live Pounds of fuch Rock 4 Salt which fhould from time to time be found by the proper Officer 4 or Officers of Excife deficient of the Quantity of fuch Rock 4 Salt which fhould have been fo delivered or received, and for 4 paying at the end of every Six Weeks from the time of the Charge 4 thereof the Duties at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per 4 Bufhel for or in refpedt of the Quantity of each Charge of fuch 4 refined Salt : And Whereas it has been found by Experience that 6 the Produce of refined Salt from Rock Salt exceeds the Propor-4 tion aforefaid ; and it is therefore expedient to require Payment of

*	Duty for the Salt refined from fuch Rock Salt according to 4 the greater Proportion hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That fo much of the faid Provilion as is hereinbefore recited fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the paffing of this A61, all and every fuch Refiner and Refiners fhall within Fourteen Days next after the Delivery or Receipt of any Rock Salt, give fufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commiffioners of Excife, or the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpofe, in Double the Value of the Duties on fuch Rock Salt, for producing to the proper Officer of Excife, to be taken Account of or charged with Duty by him, within the Space of Twelve Months next after fuch Delivery or Receipt, a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from fuch Rock Salt, in the proportion of Fifty eight Pounds of refined Salt at the leaft for every Sixty five Pounds of fuch Rock Salt, and for paying the Duties thereon at the Erid of every Six

Weeks

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

€.49.

145

Weeks from the time of the Charge upon any Part of fuch refined Salt, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufiiel ; and if any fuch Refiner or Refiners fiiall refufe or negledt to give fuch Bond or Security as is hereby in that Behalf required, all fuch Rock Salt fiiall be forfeited, together with the Duties thereon, and fuch Rock Salt fiiall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife : Provided always, that all and every fuch Refiner and Refiners fiiall be at Liberty, within fuch Space of Twelve Months, to export or deliver for the Ufe of the Fifiieries, or to any entered Maker of oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for making oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, any Part of fuch refined Salt Duty-free under the Regulations efta-blifhed by Law in that Behalf; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every fuch Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt fiiall provide and maintain a proper and fecure Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft, or Warehoufes, Storehoufes or Lofts, to the Satisfaction of the Supervifor of Excifc in whofe DiftriCt it or they may be fituated, with good and fufficient Locks and other Faftenings thereto refpeCtively, to be provided by fuch Supervifor at the. Expence and Charge of fuch Refiner or Refiners refpe6tiveiy, into which Warehoufe or Warehoufes, or Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Loft or Lofts, or fome or one of them, all the Rock Salt fiiall, immediately after the Arrival or Receipt thereof at fuch Refinery, be put and depofited by and at the Expence of fuch Refiner or Refiners, according to the Directions of this ACt ; and each fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft refpeCtively, fiiall be locked up and fecured by the proper Officer of Excife under whofe Survey the fame (hall from time to time be, except at fuch time or times only as fuch Officer fiiall be attending for the Purpofe of depofiting Rock Salt therein, or for weighing or taking Account of the Rock Salt therein, or delivering Rock Salt from or out of fuch refpeCtive Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft ; and if any fuch Refiner or Refiners fiiall negleCt or refufe, at his, her or their own Expence, to provide fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft, or Warehoufes, Storehoufes or Lofts as aforefaid, or to pay fuch Supervifor as aforefaid, upon Demand, for any Lock or Locks, Key or Keys, or other Faftening or Faftenings thereon or thereto, and provided by fuch Supervifor for the Security thereof, or fiiall refufe or negleCt to put or depofit any Rock Salt, immediately after the Arrival or Receipt thereof at any fuch Refinery, in one or more of fuch Warehoufes, Storehoufes or Lofts, according to the Directions of this ACt ; or if any Refiner or Refiners or other Perfon or Perfons fiiall damage, force or open, or caufe to be damaged, forced or opened, any fuch Lock or other Faftening, or enter or caufe to be entered any fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft, fave at fuch time and times as are herein for that Purpofe mentioned, then and in each and every fuch cafe the Refiner or Refiners, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fiiall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds; provided that no fuch Refiner or Refiners fhall be hindered or prevented from putting any Cargo of fuch Salt by itfelf into Steep immediately on its Arrival and Receipt, without warehoufing the fame as aforefaid, fuch Cargo of Rock Salt firft being taken Account of by the proper Officer.

57 Geo. III.	L	VIII.	And

Penalty.

Provifo for Exportation, See.

Refiners to pro* vide Warehoufes for the Lodgment of Rock Salt under the Excife Locks. Such Salt to he depofited at the Expence of Refiners.

Refiner negleft-ing to provide Warehoufe, or to pay for Locks, &c.

or damaging Locks, &c.

Penalty loci. Provifo for putting Salt into Steep.

Hosted by Google

C. 49.

57' GEO. III.

A. D. 1817.

Refiners to give Notice to have Rock Salt taken out of the Ware-houfe for diflolv-ing into Brine,

Officer thereupon to attend.

Notice void un-lefs for opening Rock Salt Ware-lioufes between certain Hours, See.

Refiners to keep each Cargo of Rock Salt fepa-rate and apart, and all refined Salt made from Rock Salt included in one Bond, feparate and apart from refined Salt made from Rock Salt included under any other Bond.

Penalty tool.

Refiners not to put Rock Salt, which is the Subject of one Bund* into Solu-

VIII. xVnd be it farther enabled, That when and fo often as any fuch Refiner or Refiners (hall be defirous to have any fuch Rock Salt delivered from or out of any fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft, for the Purpofe of being put into any Ciftern or other Veffel for diffolving the fame or making the fame into Brine, he, ffie or they {hall give Twelve Hours’ previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft ffiall be, of his, her or their Intention to have fuch Rock Salt fo delivered for the Purpofe aforefaid, fpecifying in fuch Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, fhe or they intends or intend to have fuch Rock Salt fo delivered for the Purpofe aforefaid, and the Quantity of fuch Rock Salt fo to be delivered, not being lefs than Forty Bufhels at any one time ; and upon fuch Notice being fo given, the proper Officer or Officers of Excife ffiall attend at the time mentioned in fuch Notice, and open fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Loft, and fuch Refiner or Refiners ffiall thereupon proceed to weigh, and ffiall with all due Diligence and Dif-patch weigh, in the Prefence of fuch Officer or Officers, the whole of the Rock Salt fpecified in fuch Notice : Provided always never-thelefs, that no fuch Refiner or Refiners ffiall be at Liberty to give any fuch Notice for having any fuch Rock Salt fo delivered at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon; and every Notice given for having any fuch Rock Salt fo delivered in any lefs Quantity than Forty Buffiels at one time, or at any other time or Hour than between the Hours in that Behalf aforefaid, ffiall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every fuch Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt ffiall depofit, flore and keep all and every Cargo or Quantity of Rock Salt received at one time, and which is or are the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforefaid, feparate and apart from all Rock Salt received at any other time or times, and which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in another or different Bond or Bonds; and all Refined Salt made or prepared from Rock Salt, delivered or received at his,'her or their Refinery at the fame time, and which is the Subje6t of and included in any Bond, feparate and apart from all Refined Salt made or prepared from Rock Salt, delivered or received at fuch Refinery at another time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjedfs of and included in another or different Bond or Bonds ; and if any fuch Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt ffiall neglect or refufe to depofit, ftore or keep all Rock Salt received at one time, and which is the Subject of and included in one Bond, feparate and apart from all Rock Salt received at any other time or times, or which may be the Subject of and included in another Bond or other Bonds as aforefaid, or ffiall neglect or refufe to depofit, ftore or keep the Refined Salt made therefrom refpedlively feparate and apart as aforefaid, every fuch Refiner or Refiners fo offending ffiall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no fuch Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt ffiall put any Rock Salt by him, her or them received

- at the fame time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforefaid, into any Ciftern or other Veffel which ffiall at that

time

Hosted by Google

A.D.I817.

57° GEO. III.

C.49.

147

time contain any Brine made or prepared from Rock Salt received by him, her or them at any other time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in any other Bond or Bonds ; or fhall diffolve at one and the fame time, in one and the fame Ciftern, VefTel or Utenfil, different Quantities of Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at different times, or which are the Subjects of and included in different Bonds as aforefaid ; or fhall mix or mingle together different Quantities of Brine made or prepared from fuch different Quantities of Rock Salt; or fhall begin to run into any Boiling Pan any Part of the Brine made with or from any Part of the Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at a fubfequent time, and which is the Subject of and included in a fubfequent Bond, until the whole Quantity of Rock Salt received at fuch Refinery at any prior time, and which is the Subjedt of and included in any prior Bond, has been wholly diffolved, refined, warehoufed and taken Account of by the proper Officer ; and if any fuch Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt fhall put any Rock Salt by him, her or them received at the fame time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforefaid, into any Ciflern or other VefTel which fhall at any time contain any Brine made or prepared from Rock Salt received by him, her or them at another time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in any other Bond or Bonds as aforefaid ; or fhall diffolve at one and the fame time, in one and the fame Ciftern, VefTel or Utenfil, different Quantities of Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at different times, and which are the Subjects of and included in different Bonds as aforefaid ; or fhall mix or mingle together different Quantities of Brine made or prepared from fuch different Quantities of Rock Salt, or fhall begin to run into any Boiling Pan any Part of the Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at a fubfequent time, and which is the Subjedt of arid included in a fubfequent Bond, until the whole Quantity of Rock Salt received at fuch Refinery at any prior time, and which is the Subjedl of and included in any prior Bond, has been wholly diffolved, refined, warehoufed and taken Account of by the proper Officer; then and in each and every fuch cafe the Refiner or Refiners fo offending fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt from Sea Water, or from Rock Salt diffolved in Sea Water, or any Water in which Salt is held in Solution, or any Mixture therewith, not being within the Counties of Chefter or Lancajler refpec-tively, or that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, fhall have, provide, fix, maintain and keep, at his, her or their Salt Work, a Vat or Vats, or other VefTel or Veffels, or Refervoir or Refer-voirs, to the Satisfa&ion of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftridl in which fuch Salt Work fhall be fituated, for the Purpofe of receiving the Brine or other Preparation wherewith he, file or they fiiall or may intend to charge any Pan or Boiler for any Operation of boiling or making Salt, and fhall, before he, fhe or they fhall begin to make any Salt, make Entry thereof in Writing with the proper Officer of Excife, as the Charging Veffcl or Veffels, Re-

L 2	fervoir

tion with Brine made from Rock Salt which is the Subject of another Bond, or begin to diffolve any Rock Sait fublequently received and included in different Bonds, nor mingle Brines, until the Rock Salt before received lias been wholly refined.

Penalty iocl.

Refiners of Salt from Sea Water, or from Rock Salt diffolved in Sea or Salt Water, (Exception) to provide and keep a Vef-fel to receive the Brine, Sre. and before beginning to make Salt to enter the lame. Negle&ing, Sec. or removing or altering Veffels, See. without Notice,

Hosted by

Google

148

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Penalty loci. Such Salt Maker.') and Refiners to give Notice of charging Pans or Boilers, and not to begin charging them within One Hour from Notice,

otherwife Notice void, and frefh Notice.

Refiner neglecting or removing or concealing Brine,Sec. before Officer fhall have taken a previous Account both of the Quantity and Quality,

fervoir or Refervoirs, of his, her or their Pan or Boiler, Pans or Boilers, with Brine or other Preparation for making Salt; and that if any fuch Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, fhall refufe or negledl to provide, fix, maintain or keep fuch Vat or Vats, VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforefaid, at his, her or their Salt Work, or fhall at any time remove or alter fuch Vat or Vats, VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, or change the Pofition thereof, without previous Notice in Writing to fuch Supervifor of his, her or their Intention fo to do, or fhall begin to make Salt at his, her or their Salt Work before he, fhe or they fhall have made Entry thereof in Writing as aforefaid with the proper Officer of Ex-cife, he, fhe or they fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Day and Year laft aforefaid, all and every fuch Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt as laft aforefaid, fhall, at leaft Six Hours before he, fhe or they fhall begin to charge any Pan or Boiler with Sea Water, Brine or other Prepration for boiling or making Salt, convey and put fuch Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation into fuch Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refer--voirs as aforefaid, and give to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey his, her or their Salt Work fhall be, at leaft Five Hours5 Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to charge fuch Pan or Boiler from fuch Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, with the Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation then contained in fuch Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, fpecifying therein the particular time and Hour at which he, fhe or they intends or intend to charge fuch Pan or Boiler; and if any fuch Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, fhall not begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler from fuch Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforefaid, within the Space of One Hour after the particular time fpecified in fuch Notice for that Purpofe, then fuch Notice fhall be void, and every fuch Maker or Makers, and Refiner or Refiners, fhall give a frefh and like Notice before he, fhe or they fhall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners fhall neglect or refufe fo to convey and put fuch Sea Water, Brine or other Preparations as aforefaid into fuch Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs at fuch time as aforefaid, or to give any fuch Notice as aforefaid ; or having given a Notice which fhall become void as aforefaid, fhall negle£t or refufe to give a frefh and like Notice; or if he, fhe or they fhall, after having conveyed and put fuch Sea Water, Brine or other Preparations into his, or their Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforefaid, and given fuch Notice as is in that Behalf before mentioned, remove or conceal any Part thereof, or run or convey any Part thereof into any Pan or Boiler before the proper Officer fhall have taken an Account of the Quantity and Quality or Strength thereof as hereinafter mentioned; or if after fuch Officer fhall have taken fuch Account thereof, any fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, fhall put into fuch Charging VefTel or VefTels, Refervoir or Refervoirs, any Salt, Rock Salt or other Material by which fuch Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation therein may be ftrengthened or altered in Quality, or fhall add to the fame, or remove any Part

thereof

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

1.49

thereof othervvife than by charging fuch Pan or Boiler therewith at the time fpecified in fuch Notice, or fhall put into or charge any Pan or Boiler with any Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation for making Salt, other than fuch as fhall have been taken an Account of by the Officer in fuch Charging VefTel or Veffels, Refervoir or Refervoirs as aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Day and Year laft aforefaid, the Officer or Officers of Excife fhall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, as foon as any fuch Charging VefTel or Refervoir as aforefaid fhall be entered by any fuch Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners as aforefaid, to guage and meafure the fame, and accurately afcertain the Content or Capacity thereof, and fhall and may at all time and times examine the Fluid or Fluids or other Materials put into or found in any fuch VefTel or Refervoir, and make Trial by a certain Inflrument or Hydrometer called Harvey’s Hydrometer of the Strength of any Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation that may be found or contained therein, and take a Sample or Samples thereof for that Purpofe, not exceeding Half a Gallon ; and that when and fo often as any fuch Notice fhall be given by any fuch Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler from fuch VefTel or Refervoir as aforefaid, fuch Officer or Officers fhall and may take an Account of the Quantity of Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation for making Salt contained in fuch Charging VefTel or Refervoir, and make Trial by fuch Inflrument as aforefaid of the Strength of fuch Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation therein ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or other Perfon or Per-fons, fhall obflrudt or hinder any Officer or Officers in gauging any fuch VefTel or Refervoir, or in taking fuch Account as aforefaid, or life any Art, Means or Contrivance by which any Officer or Officers fhall be hindered, obflrudled or prevented in afcertaining and taking a true Gauge of any fuch VefTel or Refervoir, or a true Account of the Quantity of Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation which may at any time be contained in any fuch Charging VefTel or Refervoir, or in afcertaining by Trial the true Strength thereof as denoted by fuch Hydrometer as aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Dealer in> Retailer or Seller of Salt, fhall make Entry at the nearefl Office of Excife of his, her or their Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Cellar, Shop or other Place or Places in which he, fhe or they fhall flore, depofit or keep fuch Salt, and fhall upon Demand receive from the proper Officer of Excife a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and kept by every fuch Dealer in, Retailer and Seller of Salt, in fome public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premifes ; and that from and after the Tenth Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, no Salt exceeding Two Bufhels at any one time fhall be fold, fent out or delivered by any fuch Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progref-fively from the printed Forms of fuch Certificates contained in fuch

L 3	Book

Exception,

Penalty 50I'.

Officers to gauge Charging VefTel and to take at* Account of the Quantity and Quality of the Brine in the Charging VelTel. Harvey’s Hydrometer.

Ohftru&ing

Officer,

Penalty 200I.

Salt Dealers to make Entry, and keep Account of Salt exceeding Two Bufhels fold, S:c. and Salt exceeding Two Bufhels to be accompanied upon Removal by a Certificate..

Hosted by Google

150

C. 49.

570 GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Book in which Account kept, ©pen to Officer.

Dealer neglecting, &c. to make Entry,and other-wife offending as herein mentioned,

Penalty acol. Salt removing without Certificate forfeited; and Penalty of 50I.

Loaded Carriages to be removed from Salt Wareboufes, and not to return again.

Book as aforefaid, figned by fuch Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or fome Perfon or Perfons on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of fuch Salt to whom fold, from whofe Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid or fecured to be paid thereon ; and that the Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, felling, fending out or delivering any Salt exceeding Two Bufhels as aforefaid, fhall at the fame time make a correfpondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in fuch Book as aforefaid ; and that fuch Book with fuch Entries fo made therein as aforefaid fhall at all times lie open and expofed in the entered Premifes of fuch Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Salt as aforefaid, to the Perufal of any Officer or Officers of Excife, and fhall be delivered by fuch Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Salt as aforefaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excife upon Demand ; and if any Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt fhall refufe or neglect to make fuch Entry as aforefaid of all his, her or their Warehoufes, Storehoufes, Cellars, Shops and other Places for Storing or keeping Salt, or fhall at any time ob-ftru£t or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife from entering therein, or infpedfing, fnrveying, weighing, or taking an Account of his, her or their Stock of Salt, or fhall conceal any Part of fuch Salt from the Sight or View of the Officer or Officers, or (hall fell, fend out, or deliver any Quantity of Salt exceeding Two Buffiels at any one time unaccompanied by fuch Certificate as aforefaid, or making fuch Entry in fuch Book as aforefaid, or fhall convey away or conceal any fuch Book as aforefaid, or cancel, obliterate, deftroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or fhall make any falfe Entry or Entries therein, or fhall oppofe, molefl, obftruft or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in infpe&ing any fuch Book or Books, or any filch Entry or Entries therein as aforefaid, or fhall at any time neglect or refufe when required, to give up to any Officer or Officers fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, all and every fuch Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Salt, fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds ; and all Salt exceeding Two Buffiels, removing or removed without being accompanied by fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and all Salt found in the Poffeffion of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Salt, or in any unentered Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Cellar, Shop or other Place of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Salt, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or aiding or affiffing therein, or in whofe Cuflody the fame fhall be found, fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further ena&ed, That when and fo often as any Salt or Rock Salt fhall be weighed or delivered from any Salt Mine, Salt Work, Warehoufe, Storehoufe or other Place, from which it is to be removed, accompanied by any Permit or Permits, the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall caufe the Veffel or Carriage into which fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be put or delivered to be immediately drawn off and removed with fuch Salt or Rock Salt from fuch Premifes, to the Diftance of at leaf! One hundred Yards from any other Salt Work, Warehoufe or Storehoufe, and not again to return thereto with fuch Salt or Rock Salt or any

Part

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

151

Part thereof on board ; and if the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt intended to be put into fuch Veffel or Carriage, fhall not be delivered therein within the Hours allowed by Law for the Removal of Salt from any Warehoufe, the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall, at the Expiration of fuch lawful Hours, caufe fuch Veffel or Carriage fo in Part loaded to be drawn off and removed, with the Salt or Rock Salt therein, to fuch Diftance as aforefaid, and to continue and remain fo removed to fuch Diffance as aforefaid until the Commencement of fuch lawful Hours on the following Morning, upon Pain of forfeiting all the Salt or Rock Salt fo delivered as aforefaid, and Double the Amount of the Duties thereon ; and fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife : Provided always, that if at any time it fhall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commiffion-ers of Excife, that from the peculiar Situation or ConftruClion of any fuch Salt Mine, Salt Work, Warehoufe, Storehoufe or other Place, the Salt or Rock Salt can be delivered therefrom, with fufficient Security to the Revenue arifing from the Duties upon Salt, without any fuch Removal as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fnch Commiflioners to grant their Leave and Licence for the Salt or Rock Salt to be delivered therefrom without any fuch Removal as aforefaid, upon fuch Conditions as they may in that Behalf preferibe.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Rock Salt to be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Veffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt fhall be put or laid, except as hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that no Crufhed Rock Salt or Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, delivered Duty free for the Ufe of the Fifheries, fhall after the Month of April in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Defcription, or uncrufhed Rock Salt, fhall be put or laid ; and that no White Salt delivered Duty free for the Ufe of the Fifheries fhall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt for any other Purpofe, after the Month and Year laft aforefaid, or of any other Defcription, or Rock Salt ihall be put or laid ; and that no Salt delivered Duty free for any Purpofe whatfoever fhall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, or in any Waggon,. Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt Duty paid for Home Con-fumption fhall be put or laid, on Pain of forfeiting all the Salt or Rock Salt fo found removing contrary to the Dire&ions of this A61 ; and the lame, together with the Package containing any fuch Salt or Rock Salt refpeCtively, and the Boat, Barge or other Veffel containing the fame, fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms or Excife.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Requeft Note to be made and delivered according to the Directions of the faid ACt, for a Permit for the Removal of any Salt or Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Fifheries, fhall, in addition to the Particulars required by the faid ACt of the Thirty-eighth Year aforefaid, fpecify whether the fame be White Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt,

L d?	commonly

Carriages not having received the whole lading to be removed as herein mentioned.

Penalty.

Provifo for Licence from Commiffioners to deliver Salt..

Defciiptions of Salt which may not he removed in the fame Veffel or Carriage with Rock Salt,. &c.

Penalty.

Requeft Notes, Permits and Bonds to exprefs the different Descriptions and Quantities or Weights of Salt,

Hosted by Google

XJM

C. 49.

573 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

in addition to Particulars required by 38 G.3. c.89.

38 G. 3. c.89.

§83.

Matter or Commander of Vef-fels before landing Salt to make Oath that no Part of fuch Salt has been removed or taken out of fuch Veflel during the Voyage.

Exception.

Negle<fting,'&c.to make fuch Oath,

commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, and the Weight or Quality and Condition of each refpe&ively ; and all and every Permit to be granted, and Bond to be given, for the Removal of any Salt or Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Fifheries, fhall, in addition to the Particulars required by the faid A£t, exprefs the Quantity or Weight of White Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, to be removed or fent away ; and if any Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt be removed or fent away without fuch Requeft Note and Permit refpedtively, fpecifying fuch Particulars as afore-faid, the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

‘ XVIII. And Whereas by the faid A&, made in the Thirty c eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, all and every c Matter or Commander of any Ship or Velfel, in or on board of

<	which any Salt or Rock Salt fhall be carried or tranfported or con-c veyed from One Port or Place in Great Britain to another Part

*	thereof, fhall, before he fhall begin to unfhip or land any Part of

<	the Salt or Rock Salt in or on board of fuch Ship or Veflel, pro-

*	duce to and leave with the proper Officer of Excife who fhall be

*	appointed or employed to receive the fame, a true and authentic i Permit, or true and authentic Permits, for fuch Salt or Rock

<	Salt, and fhall make Oath before fuch proper Officer of Excife,

*	that to the beft of his Knowledge and Belief no Salt or Rock

*	Salt hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his Ship or ‘ Veflel fince fhe departed or failed from the Port or Place at which

*	the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in fuch Permit or Permits was

*	fhipped, and that he verily believes no Salt or Rock Salt what-‘ foever hath been laid on board, or put or taken into fuch Ship or

*	Veflel, fave and except fuch as is mentioned and fpecified in the

*	Permit or Permits, then and at the time of making fuch Oath pro-c duced to and left with fuch Officer as aforefaid; which Oath has ‘ been found inefficient for the good Purpofes thereby intended Be it further enacted, That all and every fuch Matter or Commander fhall in every fuch cafe as aforefaid, before he fhall begin to unfhip, land or tranfliip any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt, in or on board of any fuch Ship or Veflel, make further Oath before fuch Officer of Excife as aforefaid (which Oath fuch Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter), that to the befl of his Knowledge and Belief no Salt or Rock Salt (hipped or taken on board of fuch Ship or Veflel has been unfhipped, tranflipped, removed, or taken out of fuch Ship or Veflel, from the time fuch Salt or Rock Salt or any Part thereof, was taken on board of fuch Ship or Veflel, except fo much as lias been delivered under Permit flrft given by fome Officer or Officers of Excife, and in his Prefence, or except in cafe of fome inevitable Accident or Neceffity, to be ftated by fuch Matter or Commander in fuch Oath ; and that no Water or other Eiquid or Material has been put or thrown into or amongft the Salt in fuch Veflel, or any Part thereof; and if any fuch Matter or Commander fhall refufe or negledl to make fuch further Oath as aforefaid, or fhall put or .caufe or fuffer to be put any Water or

other

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817*	57°	GEO. III.	C.	49.

other Liquid or Material into or amongft any fuch Salt, he {hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enadled, That if there fliall be delivered out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel ufed or employed for carrying or removing Salt or Rock Salt, delivered Duty free on her Arrival at the Place of her Deftination, a lefs Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt than was refpedlively loaded on board thereof for any fuch Removal as aforefaid, the Mailer or other Perfon commanding fuch Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel, fliall forthwith pay to the neareft Collector of Excife the full Amount of the Duty of Fifteen Shillings for every Bulhel of the Salt or Rock Salt refpec-tively fo deficient, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity ; and fuch Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel fliall and may be feized and detained by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland until the fame fliall be paid, and alfo all Expenfes attending or occafioned by fuch Seizure and Detention : Provided always, that no fuch Duty fliall be demanded or paid, or any fuch Detention be made for any Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt fo deficient as aforefaid, in cafes entitled to Relief under the Provifions of this A£t ; and provided that no fuch Detention fliall be made of any Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veflel removing Salt or Rock Salt from the Salt Mines or Salt Works in the Counties of Chejler or Lancajler to Liverpool.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where any Salt or Rock Salt fliall or may be fhipped without Payment of Duty, upon Bond, to be removed or carried Coaftwife, or from Great Britain to Ireland, or the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney or Man, which Bonds, by the Laws now in force, are refpe&ively to be diicharged upon the Production of a Certificate from the proper Officer or Officers at the Port or Place to which fuch Salt or Rock Salt fliall be fent or removed, of the due Delivery or Receipt and weighing out of fuch Salt or Rock Salt according to the Condition of each fuch Bond refpeCtively, a Duplicate of fuch Certificate fliall be, immediately on the Delivery or Receipt and weighing out of fuch Salt or Rock Salt tranfmitted by Poll by the Officer or Officers who is or are by Law to grant the fame to the Officer with whom fuch refpedlive Bond is lodged, and who is authorized to difcharge and cancel fuch Bond, and luch Officer or Officers, upon the Receipt of fuch Duplicate Certificate, and upon Payment to him by the Obligor or Obligors of fuch Bond, his, her or their Agent, of all Expenfes of Pottages, or otherwife occafioned thereby, fliall difcharge and cancel fuch Bond : Provided always, that fuch Bond fhall not be cancelled unlefs the Certificate fo received be for the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt for which fuch Bond fhall have been given, but fuch Certificate fliall be taken and received for fo much Salt or Rock Salt only as fhall be therein refpedlively ex-prefled in Words at Length to have been delivered, received and weighed out according to the Condition of fuch Bond.

< XXI. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the feveral Duties ‘ of Cuftoms impofed on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain * by any Law or Laws now in force, and to impofe other Duties of 1 Excife in lieu thereof ;y Be it therefore enadled, That all and every fuch Duty and Duties of Cuftoms impofed on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain, by any A<5t or A&s in force at or immediately

Ido

Penalty 50I. Vefiels delivering lefs than their permitted Cargoes of Salt to be detained until Duty be paid upon the Deficiency, and Expences of Detainer.

Provifo for certain cafes in which fuch Duty is not to be demanded, Sic.

Where Salt fhipped Coaft-wile, &c. on Bond, Certificates for Difcharge of Bonds to be tranfmitted from Officer giving Certificate to Officers with whom Bond lodged; who upon Receipt of Duplicate CertD licate and Payment of Expences is to cancel fuch Bond.

Provifo.

Duties on Foreign Salt imported, repealed.

Hosted by Google

38 G.3.C.89. § 12.

Foreign Salt imported for the foie Purpofe of curing Fifh, to pay 3d. per Bufhel Excife Duty.

Such Foreign Salt to be imported fubjeft to the recited Re-flridlions.

Duties and Drawbacks of Excite on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs made in G. B. repealed ;

c. 49.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

mediately before the palling of this Ad, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, (fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears-thereof refpe&ively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpe&ively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or at the palling of this Ad.

4 XXII. And Whereas it is ena&ed by the faid Ad, made in 4 the Thirty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, that it 4 (hall and may be lawful to and for any known Fifh Curer or Fifh 4 Curers to import and lodge in his, her or their entered Warehoufes, 4 free of the Duty by that Ad impofed for or in refped of Foreign 4 Salt, and for the foie Purpofe of curing and preferving Fifh, any 4 Quantity of Foreign Salt, not lefs than Fifty Bufhels at one time, 4 upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, fubjed and according 4 to the feveral Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions 4 thereinafter provided and eilablifhed for or in refped of BritiJIo 4 Salt, fent or delivered to Fifh Curers free of Duty, for the Purpofe 4 of curing and preferving Fifh ; provided that fuch Foreign Salt fo 4 to be employed and confumed in curing and preferving Fifh fhould 4 be duly and fairly entered with the proper Colledor of Excife 4 upon the Importation thereof, and weighed and tranfhipped, or 4 weighed and landed and warehoufed, as the cafe may require, in 4 the Prefence and with the Concurrence of the proper Officer of 4 Excife at the Port of Importation : And whereas it is expedient 4 that Foreign Salt fo imported for the foie Purpofe of curing and 4 preferving Fifh fhould be fubjedt to a fmall Duty of Excife to be 4 paid and payable for the fame in lieu of the Cuftoms Duties hereby 4 repealed, and which have heretofore been payable and paid for the 4 fame Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the palling of this Adt, in lieu and inllead of the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad! repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, the Rate and Duty of Excife hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, for every Bufhel of Foreign Salt of Fifty fix Pounds Weight which fhall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, for the foie Purpofe of curing and preferving Fifh, Three pence to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof: Provided always, that all fuch Foreign Salt fhall be imported, warehoufed, ufed, applied and accounted for upon the feveral Terms and Conditions, and under and fubjedt to the feveral Rules, Regulations, Reftridtions and Provifions hereinbefore recited, and fuch as may be provided and eftablifhed by Law, for or in refped! of White Salt fent or delivered to or for the Ufe of Fifh Curers, free of Duty, for the Purpofe of curing and preferving Fifh.

4 XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties and Draw-4 backs of Excife now payable in refped! of Mineral Alkali, or Flux 4 for Glafs made in Great Britainy fhould be repealed, and that an-4 other Duty of Excife fhould be impofed in refped! thereof;’ Be it therefore enadled, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the feveral Duties of Excife now payable by Law in refped! of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs made in Great Britain fhall ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refped!ively which may

at

Hosted by

Google

AJD.1817-

57° GEO. XII.

C. 49.

155

at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpe&ively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in lieu and inftead of the Duties on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs by this A61 repealed, there fhall be raifed, levied, colle6ted and paid, unto His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, the Rate and Duty of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for every Ton of all Mineral Alkali called Soda, or by whatever other Name or Names the fame is or hereafter may be known or called, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, from whatever Materials or Ingredients the fame may be made or extracted, Thirty Shillings.

XXV.	And for avoiding Difputes as to what Subftances fhall be liable to fuch Duty, be it further enacted, That the faid Duty fhall attach and be paid upon all fuch Alkali as aforefaid, and upon all Subftances, Materials and Preparations containing fuch Alkali, and which are or fhall be employed or made for ufe in any Manufacture or Manufactures for or on account of any Alkali therein contained : Provided always, that all Black Allies or Materials made at any entered Alkali Work, and ufed by or fold or delivered to any Soap Maker for making Soap, and containing not more than Ten per Centum of fuch Alkali, to be afcertained by an average Sample taken for that Purpofe by the Surveying Officer, maybe fo ufed or fold or delivered at or from fuch entered Works, without Payment of the Duty hereby impofed ; and that if any fuch Allies or Materials fhall be fo ufed, fold or delivered without Payment of Duty, which fhall contain more than Ten per Centum of fuch Alkali, all fuch Materials fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons removing, ufing, felling or delivering the fame fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, before he, fhe or they fhall prefume to begin to make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali, commonly called or diftinguifhed or known by the Defcription of Soda, or any Subftance, Material or Preparation containing fuch Alkali, and which are or fhall be employed or made for Ufe in any Manufacture or Manufactures for or on account of any Alkali therein contained, fhall from time to time make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room and other Place, and alfo of every Utenfil and Veffel by him, her or them refpectively intended to be made ufe of in or for the making or keeping of fuch Alkali, or any Materials proper to be made into fuch Alkali, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof fuch Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room, and other Place refpectively fhall be fituate ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall begin to make any fuch Alkali without firft making fuch Entry, he, fhe or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all fuch Alkali, and all the Materials proper to be made into fuch Alkali, and all the Utenfils and Veffels ufed in making the fame which fhall at any time be found in any Workhoufe, Warehoufe,

Storehoufe,

and inftead of the faid Dude?, a Duty of 30?. per Ton.

Subftances de-feribed liable to the Alkali Duty.

If fold, Ac. from entered Works without Payment of Duty, Sec. Seizure and Penalty iooL

Alkali Makers to make Entry of their Works.

Penalty iooL and Forfeiture of the Alkali, &c.

Hosted by Google

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Provifo for Kelp made in G.B.

Makers of Alkaline Preparations containing Soda as herein defcribed not liable to the Survey of Officers of Excite, on certain Conditions,

47 G. 3. Seffi.2. c.30. §5-

43 G.3. c. 69.

Salted Beef, Pork or Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England fubjedt to a Duty of only is. 6d. per Cwt.

Storehoufe, Room or other Place ufed in or for the making or keeping of fuch Alkali whereof no fuch Entry fhall be made.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That nothing in this ACt (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the Manufacture of Kelp made in any Part of Great Britain, by the Incineration of Marine Plants.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Manufacturer of Soda or any Alkaline Preparation containing Soda according to the Directions mentioned or prefcribed in or by the Pharmacopeias of the Royal College of Phyiicians of London, Edinburgh or Dublin, not exceeding Ten hundredWeight in any Quarter of a Year, fhall, with refpeCt to fuch Soda or Alkaline Preparations, be fubjeCt to the ordinary periodical Surveys of the Officers of Ex-cife, or to the feveral Regulations on the time and manner of making Alkali, contained in this or in any other ACt or ACts of Parliament relating thereto, provided fuch Maker or Manufacturer fhall make due Entry of his Works, and fhall on or within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October refpeCtively, in every Year, make a Return in Writing to the Commiffioners of Excife, at the Chief Office of Excife in London or Edinburgh refpeCtively, or to the Collector of Excite in whofe Collection his, her or their entered Works fhall be fituate, of the whole Quantity of Soda and Alkaline Preparations containing Soda fold by him, her or them in the Quarter of the Year preceding, and verify the fame by the Oath or Affirmation of him, her or them, or of his, her or their Foreman or Manager (which Oath and Affirmation the faid Commiffioners and Collectors are hereby refpeCtively empowered to adminifter), and fhall thereupon pay to fuch Commiffioners or Collectors as aforefaid the full Duty on the Quantity of fuch Soda and Alkaline Preparations as aforefaid mentioned in fuch Account, and according to the Rate aforefaid.

6 XXIX. And Whereas by an ACt made in the Forty feventh

<	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to c amend feveral Laws of Excife in Great Britain relating to the 6 Duties on Salt, Soap, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits and Glafs,

*	and for rejloring Seizures in certain cafes, Sixpence of the Duty

<	of Excife of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred

*	Weight of falted Beef or Pork, or of Bacon brought by Land c from Scotland to England, granted by an ACt made in the Forty c third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB

*	to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant

*	other Duties in lieu thereof, was from and after the Tenth Day of ( OBober One thoufand eight hundred and feven repealed: And

*	Whereas it is expedient that the faid Duty fhould be reduced to ‘ One Shilling and Sixpence per Hundred WeightBe it therefore enaCted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and Seventeen, Sixpence more of the faid Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred Weight of falted Beef or Pork or of Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England, granted by the faid ACt made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, fhall ceafe and determine, fave and except as to any Arrears thereof; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen the Sum of One Shilling

and

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. Ill

C.49.

157

and Sixpence only of the faid Duty {hall be paid or payable upafri and for every Hundred Weight of falted Beef, Pork or Bacon fo brought as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enafled, That fuch of the Duties by this Aft impofed as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland fhall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted, That all the Monies arifing from the Duties by this Aft impofed (the neceffary Charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjlery and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXII.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid feveral Duties fhall be refpeftively raifed, levied, collected, recovered and paid in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods by which the Duties of Excife on Salt and Mineral Alkali refpeftively are or were or might be raifed, collected, recovered and paid ; and the faid Perfon’s Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities fo by this Aft refpeftively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the faid Duties refpeftively impofed, fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reflriffions and Forfeitures to which the Makers or Refiners of Salt and Rock Salt, and Makers of Mineral Alkali refpeftively, and the Materials for making the fame, are or fhall be generally or fpecially fubjeft and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Aft or ACts of Parliament for fecuring the Revenue of Excife on Salt and Mineral Alkali refpeftively, or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Excife refpeftively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Directions therein contained, fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in Execution for and in re-fpeft of the faid feveral Duties of Excife refpeftively hereby charged and impofed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if all and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Crufhed Rock Salt delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit for Exportation, upon the low Duty of One Penny for every Bufhel thereof, (hall upon its Arrival at the Port of Exportation be entered for Exportation to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, or the Ifle of Many for the Ufe of the Fiflieries, and Oath {hall be then and there taken by the Exporter thereof that fuch Rock Salt is intended to be exported to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrencey or the Ifle of Man refpeftively, for fuch Purpofe only, (which Oath the Colleftor of Excife of fuch Port is hereby authorized to adminifter,) the Officer of Excife granting a Certificate for the Difcharge of the Bond given

Duties under Commiflioners of Excife.

Duties carried to

Conlolidated

Fund.

Duties how to be levied.

To what Penalties are to extend, and how to be levied.

What Cruflied Rock Salt may on Oath be exported to Newfoundland, &c. or the Ifle of Man, for the Ufe of the Fiflieries, free of Duty.

Hosted by Google

C.49.

57" GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

fer tlie Removal of fuch Crufhed Rock Salt to fuch Port, and for

Certificate what to fpecify.

Undue Exportation.

Penalty.

38-0.3. c.?9.

5 99-

the Shipment thereof for Exportation, fhall fpecify in fuch Certificate fuch Entry and Oath as aforefaid, whereupon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine or Pit from which fuch Cruflied Rock Salt fhall have been delivered as aforefaid, {hall be wholly freed and difcharged from the Payment of the faid low Duty of One Penny for every Bufhel of fuch Crufhed Rock Salt as fhall be fo {hipped and exported to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, or the Ifle of Man, for fuch Purpofes as aforefaid ; and if any fuch Crufhed Rock Salt, of which fuch Entry and Oath fhall be fo made as aforefaid, fliall not be exported as aforefaid, or fhall be exported to any other Port or Place, or ufed or employed for any other Purpofe than as aforefaid, the fame fhall be forfeited, and fliall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon or Perfons in fuch cafe offending fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

4 XXXIV. And Whereas by the faid Aft made in the Thirty 4 eighth Year of the R.eign of His prefent Majefly, any Fifh Curer c or Fifh Curers, who, under and according to the Direftions con-* tained in that Aft, fliall have received into his, her or their Cuflodv

repealed.

No Fidi Curer to fell Salt or deliver any Part of his Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free to any other FifhCurer. Exception.

Penalty iool.

Entered Fifh Curers felling, fending out, transferring or delivering Salt or Rock Salt to other entered FiOt Curers, to deliver a Certificate, and enter the Particulars in the Book to he kept upon the Pie mile s.

4 or Poffeffion any Salt free of Duty for the Purpofe of curing and 4 preferving Fifh, may deliver any Part thereof into the Cuftody or 4 Poffeffion of any other known and entered Fifh Curer under the 4 Terms and Conditions mentioned in the faid Aft : And Whereas 4 it is expedient to repeal the faid recited Provifion in the faid Aft Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen the faid laft recited Provifion of the faid Aft fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, no Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall fell or deliver Salt or Rock Salt for Home Trade or Confumption, or fhall fell, exchange, transfer or deliver, or caufe or fuffer to. be fold, exchanged, transferred or delivered, any Part of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free for curing and preferving Fifh, to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, except as hereinafter mentioned, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, upon any Confideration or Pretence whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting for each and every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; any thing in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXV. And be it further enafted, That there fhall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excife, to all and every entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, a Book or Books to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and kept by every fuch entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers in fome public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premifes ; and that from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, it fhall and may be lawful for all and every entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers to fell, transfer or deliver over to any other entered Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers all or any Part of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free for curing Fifh ; provided that no fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be fold, fent out, transferred, delivered or exchanged by any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, to or with any other entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out

progreF

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.49.

159

progreffively from the printed Forms for fuch Certificates contained in fuch Book as aforefaid, figned by fuch entered Fifh Curer fending out or delivering the fame, or fome Perfon on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Day and Hour of fuch fending out, the Quantity and Quality of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, from what Place and from whofe Stock, and to what Place and to whofe Stock the fame is fent, and by what Mode of Conveyance ; and that fuch Certificate fiiall be delivered with fuch Salt or Rock Salt to the Fifh Curer or Fifii Curers, and at the Place to which fuch Salt or Rock Salt is in fuch Certificate mentioned to be fent; and that the entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers felling, fending out, transferring or delivering any fuch Salt or Rock Salt as aforefaid, fhall at the fame time make a correfpondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in fuch Book as aforefaid ; and that the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be fent and delivered as aforefaid, fhall enter in the daily Account required by this A61 to be kept by every Fifh Curer, and on the faid Certificate, the Day and Hour when fuch Salt or Rock Salt was received by him, her or them, into his, her or their Stock, at the Place mentioned in fuch Certificate, and fhall deliver fuch Certificate to his, her or their furveying Officer, on his next Survey of his, her or their Premifes ; and that every fuch Book, with fuch Entries fo made therein as aforefaid, fhall at all times be open and expofed in the entered Premifes of every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers as aforefaid to the Perufal and Examination of any Officer or Officers of Excife furveying the faid Premifes, and fhall be delivered by every fuch Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers to any Officer or Officers of Excife upon Demand ; and if any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid fhall at any time fell, fend out, transfer, deliver or exchange any Salt or Rock Salt to any other entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid, without fending therewith and delivering fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and making fuch Entry in fuch Book as aforefaid, or fhall convey away or conceal any fuch Book or Books, or cancel, obliterate, alter, deftroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or make any falfe Entry or Entries therein, or fhall oppofe, moleft, obftru£t or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in infpedting or examining any fuch Book or any fuch Entry or Entries therein as aforefaid, or fhall at any time negledl or refufe when required to give up to any Officer or Officers fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, all and every fuch entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and if any fuch Salt or Rock Salt be found removing or removed without fuch Entry or Certificate as aforefaid, or not correfponding in Weight, Quantity, Quality and Defcription with the fame, or in a different manner or in a different Courfe or Direction than diredlly from and to the refpedfive Stocks mentioned in fuch Certificate accompanying the fame, all fuch Salt or Rock Salt, together with the Veffels, Carriages and Cattle made ufe of in the removing or conveying the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Perfon or Perfons offending, or in whofe Cuftody or Poffefiion fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be found, fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And

Fifh Curer to whom fuch Salt delivered to enter the Day and Hour when received.

Such Book to be open to Officer.

Concealing or cancelling, &c. fuch Book, or oppofing Officer, &c.

Penalty rod.

Removing Salt without Certificate, &c.

Salt Carriages, &c. forfeited, and

Penalty iool.

Hosted by Google

C.49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Coloured and Crufhed Salt may be delivered to Fifh Curers.

Exception.

Such Salt to be approved by Officer.

Provifo for Entry to be made by Fifli Gurer.

Bufhel of Crulh-ed Rock Salt 561bs.

Warehoufesmay be provided by Refiners for keeping Crufhed Rock Salt not lefs than ioo Yards from Refineries, and they may fell fuch Salt to Filli Curers.

Regulations as to Built, Doors, Chimneys, Windows, See of finch Warehouses; Sec.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena£led, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, to deliver from and out of his, her or their Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Loft or other Place belonging and adjoining to any Salt Work, any Quantity of Coloured or Dyed Salt, and Crufhed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Befcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or for any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit to deliver from and out of his, her or their Mine or Pit any Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Briti/Jj Fifheries, to be removed, carried, conveyed and delivered to any Fifh Curer, under fuch Bonds, and under and fubje£t to all and every fuch Provifions and Regulations as are preferibed, provided and contained in the faid feveral A<ffcs now in force, or any of them, with refpedl to Salt delivered by fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Ufe of the Fifheries, except fo far as the fame may be fpecially altered by this A£t: Provided always, that no fuch Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed, Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, fhall be delivered as aforefaid, except fuch only as fhall be approved of for that Purpofe in Writing by the proper Officer of Excife of the Divifion or Diftridl from which the fame fhall be delivered and removed as aforefaid, who fhall be appointed by the Commiffioners of Excife to infpedf fuch Salt and Rock Salt refpeftively ; and provided that no Crufhed Rock Salt, Crufhed, Fufed or Solid Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, fhall be delivered to any Fifh Curer after the Month of April One thou-fand eight hundred and nineteen, who fhall not make Entry to ufe Coloured or Dyed Salt, and Crufhed, Fufed or Solid Salt, and Crufhed Rock Salt only, for curing and preferving Fifh, or fhall after the time laft aforefaid have any Duty-free White Salt in his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion for that Purpofe.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadted, That every Bufhel of Crufhed Rock Salt delivered Duty-free fhall conlifl of Fifty fix Pounds Weight only.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, redding at or near any Place fituate upon or near any of the Sea Coafts of Great Britain, and not being within the faid Counties of Chejter or Lan-cajler refpedtively, to provide or eredl and make ufe of a Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, fituate not lefs than One hundred Yards from his, her or their Refinery or Refineries, and the Warehoufe and Warehoufes and Cellars thereunto belonging, for the Purpofe of laying, ftoring or keeping therein Crufhed Rock Salt delivered Duty free, and intended for the Ufe of the Britijh Fifheries, and to receive and lay fuch Crufhed Rock Salt therein, and from time to time to fell and deliver the fame or any Part thereof to any entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers only for curing Fifh : Provided always, that every fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, fhall be fubflantially and fecurely built or conftrudled ; and that no fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, or Storehoufe or Storehoufes, fhall have more than One Door or Entrance into the fame, nor any Chimney therein, or any Window or other opening, except fuch Door as aforefaid, within Six Feet of any Part of the Ground ; and that there be no Communication between fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, and any other Building or

7	Place

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

161

Place whatever: Provided alfo, that no fuch Warehoufe or Ware-houfes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes fhall be made ufe of for the laying, floring or keeping (at one and the fame time) of any Salt or Rock Salt, except Crufhed Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Britiflo Fifheries, nor any fuch Rock Salt, until Entry in Writing of fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes fhall have been made at the next Office of Excife, by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, (hall have been firfl approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diflri6l in which fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes (hall be fituate; and that fuch Crufhed Rock Salt fliall be received by fuch Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, under the like Bond or Security, and received, fold, or delivered as aforefaid under the like Regulations and Conditions, and fubjedl to the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in all Refpedls, as in this or any other Ad or A&s not herein exprefsly altered is or are contained and direfted for or on Behalf of Salt received or delivered, fold or transferred, by any Fifh Curer for curing Fifh, or by one Fifh Curer to another Fifh Curer; and if any fuch Rock Salt delivered for the Ufe of the Fifheries, to be laid, flored or kept in any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes as aforefaid, fhall be lodged and depofited in any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, of which fuch Entry fhall not have been previoufly made as aforefaid, or which fhall not have been previoufly approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftri6t in which the fame fhall be fituate, and not afterwards difapproved of by fuch Supervifor, all fuch Rock Salt fo lodged and depofited as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, any thing in this A£l contained to the contrary notwithflanding ; and if any Proprietor or Proprietors of any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or Cellar or Cellars fliall fell, exchange, transfer, deliver, confume or employ any Part of the Crufhed Rock Salt fent to be lodged in any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or lodged or depofited therein for fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, for any other or different Purpofe or manner than as aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enadled, That no Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who fliall at any time after the Month of <April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen receive, have or take into his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion any White Salt delivered Duty free for curing or preferving Fifh, fliall have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion any Britijh Coloured or Dyed Salt, or any Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcrip-tion of Fufed or Solid Salt, or any Crufhed Rock Salt; and if any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who fhall at any time after the time laft aforefaid receive, have or take into his, her or their Cuflody or PofTeffion any White Salt delivered Duty free for curing or preferving Fifh ; or if any other Perfon or Perfons, not making Entry and giving Bond as hereinbefore mentioned for any fuch Warehoufe as aforefaid, or not being a Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and making 57 Geo. III.	M	Entry

Entry of fuch Warehoufes, &c.

Such Crufhed Rock Salt liable to Regulations as herein mentioned.

Lodging fuch Salt in Warehoufes not entered,

Such Salt maybe feized.

Owner of Warehoufe feJling fuch Salt for other Purpofes,

Penalty sccl. Fifh Curers receiving White Salt Duty free, or other Perfons herein described, who fliall be found with Coloured or Crufhed Salt, or not entering and giving Bond for Warehoufe, &c.

Hosted by Google

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

162

Penalty 5col.

Fifh Outers having previous to April preceding received, &c. Coloured,

Sic. Salt, to account in May 1818 and 1819.

fill* Curers who have entered Premiles for Coloured Salt or Crufhed Rock Salt, and given Bond, to account in manner herein mentioned,

may receive Coloured, Sc. Salt free from farther Account as herein mentioned,

Entry and giving Bond as hereinafter mentioned for the Receipt and Ufe of Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt for curing and preferving Fifh, or not being a Glafs Maker, or Maker of oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, (hall have, receive, or take into his, her, or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Briti/Jo Coloured or Dyed Salt, or any Crufhed Salt called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or any Crufhed Rock Salt (not being delivered and fhipped for and in the Courfe of Exportation), all fuch Salt or Rock Salt refpe&ively lhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds : Provided always, that in the Month of May One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and in the Month of May One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen refpec-tively, all and every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers who fhall have in the Year and before the Month of April preceding received or ufed both Coloured or Dyed, or Crufhed, Fufed, or Rock Salt, and alfo White Salt, fhall account for all Dyed or Coloured Salt, and all Crufhed, Fufed, or Rock Salt received in the preceding Year, under the fame Rules, Reftri&ions, Regulations and Allowances as are provided by Law withrefpedf to White Salt delivered Duty free for the Filheries.

XL. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who fhall make Entry of his, her or their Premifes for the Receipt of only Briti/Jo Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, for curing and preferving Fifh, and who fhall give Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commiffioners of Excife, or the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpofe, in Treble the Value of the Duty of all fuch Salt or Rock Salt which he, fhe or they fhall then intend to receive, or have in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeflion in the Year enfuing the giving of fuch Bond or Security, that he, fhe or they will not receive into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, or upon his, her or their entered Premifes, or ufe for the Cure and Preservation of Fifh any White Salt, and that all the Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, which he, fhe or they {hall receive, fhall be really and truly employed, fpent and confumed by him, her or them in curing and preferving Fifh, and that no Part of fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be employed, ufed or difpofed of in any other manner or for any other Purpofe, or fold, exchanged, transferred or delivered to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, except in manner herein mentioned, or to any other Perfon or Perfons, or removed from his, her or their entered Premifes, except fuch Part thereof as may be neceffarily ufed in curing and preferving Fifh in and on board his, her or their Boats or VefTels employed by him, her or them in the Britt/h Fifheries, and that he, file or they will render fuch Account of all fuch Salt and Rock Salt as hereinafter mentioned, to receive, have and take into and upon his, her or their Premifes entered as aforefaid, any Quantity of fuch Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufiled

Hosted by

Google

oul. lAteL

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 4 9.

7 i~*ct

Ib.>

Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or

Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, free from any other Account

than as hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that when and fo Provifo where

foon as any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall have received as afore- tre^e Amount

faid as much of fuch Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, t°o Amount

called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid penalty in Bend.

Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt, as that Treble the Amount of the

Duty thereon fhall be equal to the Amount of the Penalty for which

fuch Bond as aforefaid has been by him, her or them given, no fuch

Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall have, take or receive any further

Quantity of fuch Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or

known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or

Crufhed Rock Salt, until he, fhe or they fhall have given frefh Bond

in fuch Penalty and with fuch Condition as aforefaid, for fuch

further Quantity thereof as he, fhe or they may then intend to receive

in that Year.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Fifh Curer Such Fifh Curers or Fifh Curers who fhall receive into his, her or their Cuftody or to render an Ae-Pofleffion only Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or count 111 ^a>r m known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed ^very YeaJi> of Rock Salt free of Duty, for the Purpofe of curing or prefcrving tity of Coloured Fifh, fhall in the Month of May in every Year refpectively deliver Salt or Crufhed to the proper Officer of Excife, whofe Duty it fhall be to receive Rock Salt in the fame, a true and particular Account in Writing, fpecifying the Hand» .an(1 e™-exatft and true Quantity of fuch Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed	m cur,ns

Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt refpedlively, which he, fhe or they fhall have had or received into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, free of Duty during the Year preceding, and the true Quantities of fuch Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crufhed Salt, called or known by the Name or Defcription of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crufhed Rock Salt refpe£tively, actually employed or confumed by him, her or them in fuch Year in curing and preferving Fifh; and diftin- What fuch Ac-guifhing in fuch Account the Weight and Quantity of each Kind count is to con-oi Fifh cured therewith, the Mode of Cure thereof refpe&ively, and tam*

Quantity repacked for Exportation, and ftating that no Part of fuch Salt or Rock Salt received by him, her or them has been ufed, fpent, confumed, or difpofed of by him, her or them, or to his, her or their Knowledge or Belief, in any other Way or for any other Purpofe than as aforefaid, or delivered to any other Perfon or Per-fons whatfoever, or transferred to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, except as hereinafter mentioned, and fhall verify fuch Ac- Account verified count on Oath before the Supervifor of Excife, under whofe Survey on Oath, fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers may be (which Oath iuch Supervifor is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter), and fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall thereupon in the Prefence of the Officer weigh feparately all the Coloured or Dyed Salt, Fufed or Solid Salt, and Crufhed Rock Salt refpe&ively in his, her or their • Cuftody or Poffeffion, and give frefh Bond or Security for the fame as aforefaid as Part of his, her or their fucceeding Yearns Stock ; and if any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid fhall make Falfe Account, out any falfe Account, or refufe or neglect to make out or verify &c-fuch Account as aforefaid, or weigh fuch remaining Stock, or give fuch Bond or Security as aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for every

M 2	fuch

Hosted by Google

5 64

C. 49.

57° GEO. in.

A.D. 1817-

Penalty.

Filh wholly cured, or cured and repacked for Exportation remaining on Hand, when the annual Account is rendered, to be transferred with the Allowance of the Salt to the next Year’s Account, provided Accounts be made out and verified as herein mentioned.

Refulm^'j &c. to make out Account,

Penalty iool.

I ifh Curers to be allowed only Iialbs. of Salt for 3a Gallons of Pilchards or White Herrings not cured and repacked for Exportation as hereinafter mentioned.

In taking Yearly Account of Fifh-ery Stocks* all

fuch Offence forfeit Treble the Value of the Duties on all the Salt or Rock Salt delivered into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion within the Year la ft preceding the time when fuch Account as aforefaid fhall or ought to have been made out or delivered as aforefaid.

XLII. And be it further enadled, That if on weighing the Stock of Salt in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, in the Month of May in every Year, as diredled by the faid Adt made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and by this Adi, and of rendering to the proper Officer of Excite the Account or Accounts thereby required, there {hall remain in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers any falted Fifh, either wholly cured, or cured and repacked for Exportation to the Eaji or IVeJl Indies, South America, Madeira, or the Baltic or Mediterranean, or which fhall be in the Procefs of Salting or Cure, and of which no Account has been previoufly taken by fuch Officer, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Officer to ex* amine and take Account of fuch Fifh. at the time of weighing fuch Stock of Salt; and that fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall alfo in the Account or Accounts diredled by the faid Adi and of this Adi, to be delivered to the proper Officer of Excife, include in fuch Account the Quantity and Species of all Fifh remaining in his Cuftody or PofTeffion at the time of taking fuch Stock of Salt as aforefaid, and ftate therein the Mode of Cure, and whether the fame or what Part thereof is or are cured for Home Confumption or for Exportation as aforefaid, or are in the Procefs of Salting or Cure, and of the Quantity of Salt ufed or confumed thereon refpedlively, and fhall verify the fame in the manner diredled by the faid Adi and of this Adi, whereupon fuch Fifh, and the Quantity of Salt ufed in curing or preferving the fame (not exceeding the legal Allowance in the cafe of White Salt), fhall be dedudled from fuch Account, and transferred to the Stock of Fifh and Salt to be accounted for by fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers in the Month of May in the following Year ; and if any Fifh Curer fhall negledt or refufe to make out, verify, and deliver fuch Account, he, fhe or they fhall forfeit for each and every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

‘ XLIII. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt allowed by Law

*	for curing Pilchards or White Herrings, by pickling or wet falt-

*	ing, has been found to exceed the Quantity ufed for fuch Cure of 6 Pilchards or White Herrings, when not intended for Exportation,

*	as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enadled, That from and after the Month of May One tboufand eight hundred and feven-teen, all and every Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom any White Salt fhall have been or fhall be delivered for the Purpofe of curing or preferving Fifh, fhall in lieu and inftead of the Allowance of Salt granted and diredled by the Laws now in force for curing and preferving Pilchards or White Herrings refpedlively by pickling or wet falting, be allowed a Credit equal to One hundred and twelve Pounds only of Salt for every Thirty two Gallons of fuch cured Pilchards or White Herrings refpedlively, not cured and repacked for Exportation, as hereinafter mentioned, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity ; any thing in the faid Adf to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

XLIV. And be it further enadled. That in weighing and taking axi Account of and balancing the Stock of Salt or Roclk Salt in the

Cuftody

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 49.

165

Cuftody or Poffeffion of any entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers in the Month of May, as diredted with refpe£t to Salt by the faid A 61 made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jefty, and by this Adi, all Salt or Rock Salt refpedlively which (hall then be found on the Premifes, or in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and which fhall have been once ufed or applied in curing or preferving Fifh, fhall be taken Account of by the Officer weighing and balancing fuch Stock, and the Amount thereof, as being Three Parts in Four of pure Salt or Rock Salt refpedlively, fhall be carried to the Stock of the next fucceed-ing Year’s Account of Salt or Rock Salt refpedfcively, for which fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall be accountable ; and that, if, upon taking fuch Account, any Salt or Rock Salt refpedlively, which fhall have been more than once ufed upon or applied in the Cure of Fifh, fhall be found on the Premifes or in the Cuftody or PoiTeffion of any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, he, fhe or they refpe&ively fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; any thing in the faid A6t or in any other A61 to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

* XLV. And Whereas it is reprefented that Salt is a beneficial 6 Manure for Land,’ Be it therefore further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Salt Maker or Salt Makers from time to time to throw over, into or amongft their Afhes or other Compoft Heaps any Quantity or Quantities of Brine in its fluid State, or to fteep fuch Afhes or Compoft Heap in fluid Brine, and to ufe, fell or deliver the Afhes or Compoft Heaps fo drenched or fteeped in Brine for the Purpofe only of manuring Land ; and that all and every fuch Salt Maker or Salt Makers fhall on the Fifth Day of July in every Year deliver to the Collector of Excife in whofe Collection his, her or their Works fhall be, the Quantity of fuch Salt, Afhes, Compoft or Manure as aforefaid ufed and delivered by him, her or them in the Year preceding: Provided always, that no Salt, Rock Salt, or faline Subftances, Articles or Ingredients, fave and except liquid Brine only, fhall be fo mixed or fold, ufed or delivered as aforefaid ; and that if any Salt Maker or Makers, drenching or fteeping fuch Afhes or Compoft Heaps with or in Brine as aforefaid, ihall put into, with or amongft them, or fhall under Pretence of this A6t ufe, fell or deliver, or caufe or fuffer to be ufed, fold or delivered, any Salt, Rock Salt, or other faline Subftances, Articles or Ingredients, without Payment of Duty, except liquid Brine fo employed as aforefaid, as or for Manure ; or if he, fhe or they, or any other Perfon or Perfons into whofe Cuftody or Pofteffion or under whofe Directions any fuch falted Afhes, Compoft or Manure fhall come, fhall ufe or employ or caufe or fuffer to be ufed or employed the fame or any Part thereof for any other Purpofe than for manuring' Land, he, fhe and they, and every fuch Perfon and Perfons fo offending, fhall feverally forfeit for each and every fuch Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds*

XLVI. And for enabling Farmers to try the EffeCt of Salt in feeding Cattle, be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from his, her or their Pit or Mine, or Ware-houfe or Storehoufe adjoining thereto, fuch coarfe and impure Rock Salt as ffiall be approved of by the proper Officer of Excife ap-

M 3	pointed

Salt which has been only once ufed in curing Filh (hall be carried to the Stock of the next fuc-ceeding Year Salt more than once ufed found on Premifes,

Penalty iooh

Salted Afhes may be delivered, as Manure.

Uling the fame for any other Purpofe than Manure,

Penalty 500I.

Coarfe Rock Salt for feeding Cattle may be delivered from Pit, See. in manner herein mentioned, at a Duty of 5s. per Bufhe!*

Hosted by Google

166

C. 19.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Bond to he given that the Sal*: fhall be fo ufed.

Piovifo.

Bonds di (charged on Certificate by Perfon to whom Rock Salt deli vered, that it has been ui'ed in feeding Cattle. Particulars of Certificate.

Collector to underwrite Certificate.

Other wife, or if Certificate falfe, Sec. Bond in Force.

Perfons may fell fuch Rock Salt to others with Confent of the Excite, Bond being taken in like maimer.

pointed for infpe&ing the fame, in Lumps of not lefs Weight than Twenty Pounds each, to fuch Perfon and Perfons, and in fuch Quantity and Quantities, as (hall and may be granted by the Com-miffioners of Excife, for the Purpofe of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, upon fuch Perfon or Perfons paying Duty for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Shillings per Bufhel, and io in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity ; and upon Bond being given to His Majefty by fuch Perfon or Perfons, with fufficient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners, or the Perlon or Perfons appointed to take fuch Bond, in the Penalty of Double the Amount of the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for Home Confumption, that the whole of the Rock Salt fo delivered fhall be ufed, fpent, confumcd and employed by him, her or them in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, and in no other manner and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever ; provided, that no further Quantity of Rock Salt fhall be delivered as aforefaid to any Perfon or Perfons for fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, until the Bond and Bonds given by fuch Perfon or Perfons on the Delivery of every prior Quantity fhall be fa-lisfied and difeharged.

XLVII. And be it further enadted, That every fuch Bond fhall be fatisfied and difeharged on a Certificate figned by the Perfon to whom fuch Rock Salt {hall have been delivered, and who thereupon gave fuch Bond, his Executors, Adminiflrators or Afligns, and delivered by him, her or them to the Collector in whofe Collection he, fhe or they fhall refide, declaring that the whole of fuch Rock Salt has been ufed, fpent, employed and confumed in feeding or mixing with the food of Sheep and Cattle, and in no other manner and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, and fpecifying in what manner and Proportions the fame has been fo ufed, what Defcrip-tion and Number of Sheep or Cattle has been fed therewith, on what Lands and where iituate, and what Benefits appear to have refulted therefrom : Provided always, that no fuch Certificate fhall difeharge any fuch Bond, unlefs fuch Colle&or as aforefaid fhall upon Inquiry be fatisfied of the Truth thereof and of the feveral Matters therein Hated, and underwrite the fame upon the fame Certificate ; and that if any fuch Certificate as aforefaid fhall not be figned and delivered as aforefaid to fuch Collector before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Bond being given and Rock Salt delivered as aforefaid, or fhall in any re-fpeCt be falfe, or any of the Rock Salt delivered as aforefaid fhall be ufed, fpent, employed or confumed in any other manner, to or for any other Ufe or Purpofe than feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, the Penalty of the Bond given on the delivery of any fuch Rock Salt fhall be forfeited and paid to His faid Majefty.

XLVII I. And be it further enaCted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to prevent any Perfon or Perfons felling or transferring any Quantity of the Lumps or Pieces of coarfe and impure Rock Salt which he, fhe or they {hall or may receive for the Purpofe of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle under any fuch Bond as aforefaid; provided the Confent and Approbation of the Commiflioners of Excife to and of fuch Transfer and Delivery be firfl had and obtained* and fuch Bond and Security be firfl given by the Perfon or

Perfons

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 4

16T

3% G. 3. c. 89. § i°3-

Calks or Barrels of Fifh to be branded,and then to be kept feparate.

Perfons intending to receive the fame as is hereinbefore mentioned ; which Bond fhall be taken and accepted by the Collector aforefaid in Difcharge or Part Difcharge of the Bond given on the Firft Delivery of fuch Rock Salt from the Mine or Pit, in the Proportion and according to the Quantity in fuch fubfequent Bond mentioned, and fhall be difcharged by fuch Certificate as aforefaid, or the Penalty thereof enforced in like manner as if the fame had been given on the firft Delivery of fuch Rock Salt as aforefaid..

* XLIX. And Whereas, by the faid A£t made in the Thirty 4 eighth Year aforefaid, the Officer to whom any Fifh packed in 6 Barrels or Cafks fhall be produced as directed by that A£t is au-‘ thorized and required to burn or brand each of fuch Barrels or * Caiks in fome confpicuous Part thereof with the Letters B. F*

Be it further enadted, That fuch Officer fhall burn or brand each of fuch Barrels or Cafks with the faid Letters acrofs the upright Staves of fuch Barrel or Cafk, and fhall on all Cafks or Barrels of Fifh which are not at the time declared by the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to be repacked for Exportation to the Eajl or Weji Indies,

South America, Madeira or the Baltic or Mediterranean, add the Letter H. ; and on all Cafk or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards declared by the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to be repacked for Exportation as aforefaid to the Eajl or JVeJl Indies, South America, Madeira or the Mediterranean, the Letter W. ; and all fuch Caiks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards fo declared to be repacked for Exportation as aforefaid to the Baltic, the Letter B.; and that after fuch Barrels or Cafks refpedlively fhall be fo burnt or branded as aforefaid, the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers producing the fame fhall forthwith remove all and every fuch Barrels or Cafks, or Barrel or Cafk, and at all times keep the fame wholly feparate and apart from all other Fifh not fo branded, and the Cafks under each particular Mark feparate and apart from all Cafks branded with a different Mark ; and if any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall not, immediately at or after the time of branding fuch Cafks or Barrels refpedtively as aforefaid, remove and keep the fame feparate and apart as aforefaid, or if any Cafks or Barrels marked or branded with the Letter W. fhall be found in the Cuffody or Pof-feffion of any Perfon or Perfons open for Home Confumption, the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons offending therein fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

L. And be it further enabled, That all and every Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to Fifh Curers fhall refpedtively daily and every Day enter or caufe to keep a daily Ac be entered in a Book or Paper to be provided for that Purpofe an exadl and particular Account of each and every Cafk, Barrel, Pack-age or Quantity of cured or preferved Fifh fold, delivered or fent out by any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers refpedlively, and fhall diftinguifh therein the Kind or Species of Fifh and Mode of Cure, the Year, and whether the fame is or are fold, delivered or fent out for Home Trade or Confumption, or repacked for Exportation as hereinafter mentioned, or for Removal to any other Port or Place for fuch Exportation, fpecifying the fame ; and fuch Book or Paper fhall be at all times kept on the entered Premifes of fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers open to the Infpe&ion of all and every Officer and Qffi-

M 4<	cers

Not being fo kept, or Calks found open for Home Confumption, forfeited, and

Penalty 501.

count of Fifh cured and delivered, to be verified upon Oath at the End of

Hosted by Google

168

Neglecting to keep Book, Zee. or altering, Sec. Entrie?,

Penalty icol.

Fifh Curers repacking cured White Herrings for Exportation, to be allowed in account the Quantity of Salt, and under the Regulations herein mentioned.

C. 49.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

cers of Excife who fhall vifit or furvey the fame ; arid fhall at the time of weighing, taking the Account of and balancing the Stock of Salt or Rock Salt in the Cultody or Poffeffion of fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers in the Month of May as directed by the faid Aft, be delivered by fuch Filh Curer or Fifh Curers to the Officer or Offi- -cers taking Account of and balancing fuch Stock, and the Truth of the Entries made therein fhall be then and there verified upon the Oath of fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, which Oath the refpeftive Supervifors of Excife are hereby authorized and required to admi-nifter; and in cafe any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall negleft or refufe to keep fuch Book or Paper, or to make or caufe to be made due Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or fhall cancel, alter, obliterate or deflroy any of fuch Entries made therein, or tear thereout or deflroy any of the Leaves or Part of fuch Book or Paper, or fhall negleft or refufe to deliver the fame as is herein before direfted, or to verify the faid Entries therein, or any of them upon Oath, fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LI. And be it further enafted, That for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Fifh cured and preferved in the Britijh Fifheries to the Eajl or Wejl Indies, South America, Madeira, the Baltic or the Mediterranean, it fhall and may be lawful for any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers with White Salt to have and receive upon their entered Premifes, for the Purpofe of being repacked fer fuch Exportation, and to open any Number of Barrels or Cafks of Pilchards or White Herrings pickled or wet falted with White Salt, branded with the Letter H., as not having been originally cured or packed for fuch Exportation, and to unpack and repack the lame with Frefh White Salt only for fuch Exportation ; and that upon fuch Barrel or Calk, Barrels or Cafks, being fo repacked as aforefaid, and produced to the Officer under whofe Survey fuch Premifes may then be, he fhall brand the fame upon the upright Staves of each fuch Barrel or Cafks with the Letter W., or if repacked to be exported to the Baltic with the Letter B.; and all and every fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall, upon Oath made by him, her or them of the Number of Barrels or Cafks of White Herrings or Pilchards repacked by him, her or them for Exportation to the Eajl or IVeJl In-dies, South America, the Mediterranean or Madeira, and fo branded by the Officers, and aftually exported, or to the bell of his Knowledge to be exported as aforefaid, or for Exportation to the Baltic, and fo branded by the Officers, and aftually exported, or to the beft of his Knowledge to be exported as aforefaid (which Oath the refpeftive Supervifor or Officer is hereby authorized to adminifter), be allowed in his Account of Fifhery Salt, to be balanced and taken in the Month of May, as direfted by the faid Aft of the Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, Seventy Pounds of White Salt for every Barrel or Calk of Thirty two Gallons fo branded and fworn to be repacked, and exported as aforefaid to the Eajl or Wejl Indies, South America, the Mediterranean or Madeira, and Forty eight Pounds of White Salt for every fuch Barrel or Cade fo branded and fworn to be repacked and exported as aforefaid to the Baltic, and fpecified in fuch Account.

6 LII. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Allowance of

( Salt

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

€.49.

169

*	Salt delivered Duty free for curing and preferving Fifh to dry 4 falted Cod, Ling or Hake, Haddock and Whiting, and Guard

*	Fifh, fometimes called Gore Bill ;y Be it therefore enadled, That Allowance of all and every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers to whom any White Salt Duty free S;ilt fhall, under the Rules, Regulations, Reflridlions and Provifions of the (or c®rd,ain dr:/ laid Adis of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fifth Years of His preferrt la te 11 u Majefly’s Reign, be delivered Duty free for the Purpofe of curing

and preferving Fifh, fhall be allowed a Credit not exceeding Seventy Pounds of fuch Salt for every One hundred Weight of dried falted Cod, Ling or Hake, not exceeding Forty Pounds Weight of Salt for every One hundred Weight of dried falted Haddock or Whiting, and a Credit not exceeding Eighty four Pounds for every Barrel of Thirty two Gallons of Guard Fifh or Gore Bill wet falted and perfedlLy cured, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity, fuch Credit to be allowed under the fame Rules,

Regulations, Reflridlions and Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the faid Adi, or by any other Adi or Adis of Parliament in force at the time of palling this Adi, are contained, provided, fettled or eflablifhed for or in refpedl of allowing Salt Duty free for the Purpofe of curing and preferving Fifh therein mentioned, or for or in refpedl of allowing Fifh Curers Credit for Salt delivered to them for that Purpofe.

4 LIII. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt for curing Salmon,

4 allowed by the faid Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year of His 4 prefent Majefly’s Reign, is infufficient to anfwer the Purpofe in-4 tended, and it is expedient to grant a further Allowance of Salt 4 ufed in curing and preferving Salmon Be it therefore enadled,

That all and every Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom any White Allowances of Salt fhall have been or fhall be delivered for the Purpofe of curing Salt to Fifh and preferving Fifh, fhall, in lieu and inilead of all former Allow- Curers of Sai-ance of Salt for curing and preferving Salmon, be allowed a Credit mon ?s equal to Fifty Pounds Weight of Salt for every One hundred Weight	former

of dried falted Salmon, and for every Barrel containing Forty two Allowances. Gallons of wet falted Salmon fhall be allowed a Credit equal to One hundred and thirty Pounds Weight of Salt, and for every Barrel of Forty two Gallons of wet falted Salmon which fhall be by fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers repacked or packed from any Calk, Vat or other Veflel in which the fame fhall have been firit cured for Exportation, a further Credit equal to Thirty eight Pounds Weight of Salt for fuch packed or repacked wet falted Salmon, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity; provided fuch Cafks fo packed or repacked be taken account of and branded by the proper Officer of Excife with the Letters R. S. ; any thing in the faid Adi to the contrary in anywife notwithllanding.

LIV. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful Powers toOffh to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife from time to time and at ^®rs ^^j®J° all times, upon his or their Requefl, to enter into all and every Account ofsflt the Cellars, Warehoufes, Storehoufes, Curing Houfes and other and Fifh in the Places entered or made ufe of by any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers for Premifes p£ Fifh laying or keeping any Salt or Rock Salt for the Purpofe of curing, Curers. bulking, packing or flowing Fifh, and by weighing, guaging, tale or otherwife, as to fuch Officer ffiall feem meet, to take an Account of the Quantity and Defcription of all Sait and Rock Salt, and of all Fifh, in the Cuflody or Poffeffion of fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh

Curers

Hosted

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817,

ObftruSing Officer, or refuting &c. to a flirt them

Penalty ioci. Fifh Corel's to provide good and fufficient Scales and Weights.

Negledling, &c. or not permitting Officer to ufe the fame, or tiling falfe Scales and Weights, &c.

Penalty.

Fifh Curers altering Marks on Calks, or unfairly packing, £:c. or ufing any Art to obtain any greater Credit for Salt ufed in curing Fifia than is allowed,

Curers as aforefaid ; and if any fuch Fifli Carer or Fiffi Curers or other Porion or Perfons, ffiall in anywife hinder or obftrinft any fuch Officer or Officers in entering into or furveying any fuch Premifes as aforefaid, or in taking fuch Account as aforefaid, or ffiall conceal from the Sight and Infpeclion of fuch Officer any Salt, Rock Salt or Fifli, or pra£tife, or fuller, or caufe to be pra&ifed, any Art or Contrivance by which any fuch Officer fhall be prevented from or hindered in taking a true Account thereof; or if any fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers ffiall upon Demand neglect or refufe to give, by himfelf, his Servants and Workmen, all needful and neceflary Affift-ance to fuch Officer, in taking fuch Account as aforefaid, every fuch Fifh Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enafred, That all and every Fiffi Curer and Fiffi Curers is and are hereby required to provide, when demanded by the Officer of Excife furveying fuch Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers, proper, fufficient and juft Scales and Weights at each and every Warehoufe, Storehoufe, or Cellar refpedively to him, her or them belonging, for the Purpofe of from time to time weighing and taking an Account of the Salt and Rock Salt refpedtively which ffiall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any fuch Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers, and ffiall permit and fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame, and ffiall give him every needful Affiftance in weighing any fuch Salt or Rock Salt ; and if any fuch Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall upon Demand as aforefaid negletl or refufe to provide any fuch Scales and Weights, or either of them, or ffiall not permit or fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame, or ffiall refufe to affift him in weighing any fuch Salt or Rock Salt ; or if any fuch Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall in the weighing of any fuch Salt or Rock Salt make ufe of, or caufe or procure or fuffer to be made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft, or infufficient Scales, or Weight or Weights, or ffiall ufe or pradlife any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any fuch Officer or Officers ffiall or may be hindered or prevented from taking the juft and true Weight, and afeertaining the true Quantity of any fuch Salt or Rock Salt, fuch Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all fuch falfe, unjuft or infufficient Scales and Weight or Weights re-fpe&ively, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

LVI. And be it further enadted, That if any Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall, after any Officer or Officers of Excife has or have either marked any Fiffi, or branded any Calk or Veffel in which any Fiffi ffiall be packed to denote that fuch Fiffi has been taken account of by fuch Officer as cured Fiffi, wilfully or knowingly obliterate, alter, erafe, cancel or deftroy, or fuffer or caufe to be obliterated, altered, erafed, cancelled or deftroyed, any fuch Mark or Brand ; or if any fuch Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers ffiall unfairly pack or fuffer or caufe to be unfairly packed any fuch Calk or Veffel of Fiffi produced to any Officer to be branded as aforefaid, or ffiall afterwards open any fuch Calk or Veffel, and remove any of the Fiffi contained therein into any other Calk or Veffel, and produce the fame again to any Officer to be branded and taken account of as Fiffi which have not been before branded and taken account of; or ffiall ufe any Art or 15	Contrivance

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO. III.	C.49.

Contrivance in order to obtain any undue Credit for Salt, or {ball in any manner or way produce fucli Fifh to the Officer for any further or greater Credit of Salt than what is legally allowed thereon ; fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fliall forfeit and lofe for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and fhall be for ever after deprived the Benefit of receiving, either by himfelf, herfelf or them-felves, or other wife, any Salt free of Duty for curing or prefer ving Fifh.

4 LVII. And Whereas by the faid A61 made in the Thirty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty all and every Maker or 4 Makers of Glafs in Great Britain who fliall take any Rock Salt 4 from any Warehoufe belonging to any Salt Mine or Pit, or any 4 Brine or Sea Water, for the Purpofe of making Mineral Alkali 4 or Flux for Glafs, upon Bond or Security given in Double the 4 Duty of fuch Rock Salt, Brine or Sea Water, that all fuch Rock 4 Salt, Brine and Sea Water fhall be really and truly employed, fpent 4 and confumed in the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs,

4 fhall, for the Difcharge of fuch Bond or Security, make Oath be-4 fore the Collector of Excife of the Collection in which the Alkali 4 Works (hall be fituated, that all the faid Rock Salt, Brine or Sea * Water for which fuch Bond or Security fhall have been given, 4 has been made ufe of in making fuch Mineral Alkali or Flux for 4 Glafs, and for no other Purpofe whatsoever; and the Supervisor 4 or Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Maker of Mineral 4 Alkali fhall then be, fliall at the fame time certify his Belief of the 4 Truth of the Matters Sworn to by fuch Maker or Makers of 4 Glafs, or his, her or their Agent : And Whereas it is expedient 4 that fuch Oath fhall be made, and fuch Certificate aforefaid granted 4 within a limited time after fuch Bond fliall have been given as 4 aforefaid Be it therefore enabled, That all and every fuch Maker and Makers of Glafs in Great Britain, or his, her or their principal Servant engaged in his, her or their entered Alkali Works, fhall, within the Period of Twelve Months from and after the Date of each fuch refpedlive Bond, make fuch Oath as aforefaid ; and the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excife fhall thereupon make out and deliver to fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs fuch Certificate as aforefaid ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs fhall negledl or refufe to make fuch Oath within the Period aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enabled, That it fliall and may be lawful for any Bleacher of Cotton Wool or Cotton or Worded Twill to ufe and employ in the bleaching thereof any Oxymuriate of Dime or bleaching Liquor made and prepared in the manner and according to the Directions, and by the Perfons entitled to make the fame, in and by a certain A Cl made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for, amongft other things, allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty free for making fuch Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen and Cotton.

LIX. And be it further enabled, That if any Salt or Rock Salt fhall be found in any Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veftel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatfoevcr, or loaded on any Horfe or other Cattle, or lodged or concealed in any Houfe, Outhoufe or other Place whatfoever, which Salt or Rock Salt fliall

have

Penalty.

38 G. 3. c. 89. § 116.

Glafs Makers to make Oath of Ufe of Rock Salt within 12 Months from its Receipt.

Penalty iccl.

Bleachers of Cotton Wool may life Oxy-muriate ofLime, or Bleaching Liquor prepared as under 55 G.3. c. 66.

S;Jt undipped relanded or fraudulently or dandeftinely removed or received, See. forfeited, together

Hosted by Google

17 2

C.49.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

with Packages, fee.

and Penalty.

Salt Makers not giving Bond for fecuring the Payment of the Duty, to pay l'uch Duty before taking it out of the Warehoule.

have been brought or procured from any Salt Mine or Salt Work or other Place, or imported or landed without Payment of Duty, or (hall have been fraudulently or clandeftinely unfhipped or relanded after the fame has been fhipped for Exportation, or fraudulently or clandeftinely taken from or out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veffel, or any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fame fball have been loaded for Removal from one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof, or concealed on board of any fuch Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Veffel, or in any fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or which having been delivered Duty free for the Purpofe of curing and preferving Fifh, or for making* Flux for Oafs or Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, (hall have been fraudulently or clandeftinely brought or removed from the Stock of any Fifh C-urer, Oafs Maker, or Perfon or Perfons receiving fuch Salt or Rock Salt for the Ufe of the Fiflieries, or for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime refpeeft-ively, or fhall have been fraudulently or clandeftinely taken or delivered out of any Warehoufe, Storehoufe or other Place where the fame may or fhall have been lodged and depofited, fuch Salt or Rock Salt together with the Package containing the fame, and the Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat and other Veffels, and alfo the Waggon, Cart and other Carriages and Horfes and other Cattle in or upon which the fame fhall be found, and the Cattle made ufe of in the drawing of fuch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or which fhall be ufed or employed in removing fuch Salt or Rock Salt as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or PofTeffion any Salt or Rock Salt fo brought, unfhipped, landed, taken, removed or concealed as aforefaid, fhall be found, or who fhall be or fhall have been concerned or employed in bringing, procuring, unfhipping, landing, relanding, concealing, removing, carrying, delivering, buying or receiving any fuch Salt or Rock Salt, fhall feverally forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of fuch Salt or Rock Salt fo found as aforefaid.

* LX. And Whereas all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, c Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of c any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, is and are by Law re-‘ quired, Weekly and at the End of every Week, to pay and clear ‘ off all the Duties for or in refpedl of Salt and Rock Salt which ‘ fhall have been charged to fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Re-‘ finers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, in the then current Week,

4 unlefs fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor ‘ or Proprietors, fhall have given Bond or Security for Payment of

*	fuch Duties: And Whereas many Perfons refuftng or neglecting « to give fuch Bond have taken Salt out of the Warehoufes, andre-‘ moved and difpofed of the fame without afterwards paying the du-

*	ties on fuch Salt, to the great injury of His Majefty’s Revenue ;* Be it therefore enadted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, who fhall not give fuch Bond for fecuring the Payment of the Duties as is required by Law for that Purpofe, fhall pay to the Colle&or of Excife where fuch Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work fhall be fituate, all the Duties charged or chargeable for or in relpeCl of any Salt or Rock Salt

which

Hosted by aogle

57° GEO. III.

C* 49.

173

which he, fhe or they (hall be about to remove, before fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall be delivered out of the Warehoufe in which the fame ihall be depofited ; and that in default of fuch Payment no fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall be delivered for Home Trade or Confumption out of fuch Warehoufe to or by any fuch Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors not giving fuch Bond as aforefaid.

6 LXI. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the feveral Draw-‘ backs of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the Exportation of Duty-* paid Salt from Great Britain Be it therefore enadfted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the feveral Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the Exportation of Duty-paid Salt from Great Britain (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

LXII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, having the Licenfe and Permiflion of the Com-mifiioners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the time being, for that Purpofe, to provide or ere£t One or more Export Warehoufe or Warehoufes at or within the Port of London or Hull, Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, for the Purpofe of laying, ftoring or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free, and intended for Exportation ; provided that every fuch Warehoufe (hall be well, fubftantially and fe-curely built and conftrudted, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commif-fioners, or fuch Officer or Officers as they may appoint to infpedf the fame; and that no fuch Warehoufe (hall have more than One Door or Entrance to the fame; and that there be no Communication between any fuch Warehoufe and any other Place whatfoever, except fuch external Door or Entrance as aforefaid, and fhall have no Chimney or any Window or Opening within Ten Feet of the Ground, or of any Wall, Erection or Building on the Outfide thereof: Provided alfo, that no Perfon or Perfons fhall be the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Export Warehoufe or Warehoufes, or fhall be in any refpect employed or concerned therein, or have any Intereft in the Salt therein depofited, who fhall be a Dealer in Salt for Home Trade or Confumption, at or from any Warehoufe, Cellar, Shop or other Place, within a Quarter of a Mile of fuch entered Warehoufe for Duty free Salt, or have any Intereft or Concern in fuch Trade ; and that fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, and the Salt depofited therein, and the Perfon or Perfons making Entry thereof, fhall be fubjecft to all the Rules, Regulations and Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures prefcribed, directed, contained or impofed by the faid A<51 of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with refpedl to Export Warehoufes at or within the Ports of Liverpool or Brljlol refpe&ively, except fo far as the fame or any of them are altered by this A<51, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated or inferted in the Body of this prefent A<51; and that if any Perfon or Perfons having or being employed or concerned in fuch Warehoufe as laft aforefaid, or any of the Salt depofited therein, (hall at the fame time be a Dealer in Salt for Home Trade or Confumption, or interefted in or dire<5tly or indiretly concerned in fuch Trade carried on as aforefaid, he, {he or they fhall for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

LXIII. And

Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife on Duty paid Salt exported, repealed.

Warehoufes for ftoring Salt Duty free for Exportation may be eftablilhed at London, &c. under the fame Regulations with fuch Warehoufes at Liverpool and Briftol, under 38 G.3. 9.89.

§ 3*-

Exception.

Owners of fuch Warehoufes being Dealers for Home Con-fumption,

Penalty 500b

Hosted by Google

C.49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Foreign Salt maybe taken from any Import Warehouse at Plymouth Duty free to export to Newfoundland lor curing Cod} ike. fubjecl to Regulations of 39 G. 3. c. 65.

§ 9*

38 G. 3. c. 89.

§115.

51 G.3. c.8a. §5-

LXIII. And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to or for any Perfon or Perfons, within Twelve Months after the Importation and Landing of Foreign Salt, to take free of Duty, for the Purpofe of immediately exporting the fame in any Ship or Veflel not of lefs Burthen than Forty Tons to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fifh, Ling or Hake to be there caught, any Quantity not being lefs than Fifty Bufhels at a time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar at Plymouth y in which the fame has been put according to the Regulation of the faid Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons fo taking out fuch Salt firft giving the like Security, and being fubjedl to all the Rules, Regulations, Reftridtions and Provi-fions, Forfeitures and Penalties, prefcribcd, diredted, contained, or impofed by an Adt made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with refpedt to the Exportation of Foreign Salt to Newfoundland, and taken free of Duty from and out of any Import Warehoufe for that Purpofe, as are required at or within the Ports of Pooley Dartmouth, Falmouth and Glafgow refpedtively, by the faid Act.

6 LXIV. And Whereas by the faid Adt made in the Thirty 6 eighth Year of the Reign aforefaid, it is enadled, that in cafe any 4 Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties by the faid Adi impofed 4 fhall have been paid, or which fhall have been delivered upon Bond, c free of tbofe Duties, fhall be loft or deftroyed through Strefs of 4 Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable 4 calling away, finking or ftranding of any Flat, Boat, Barge or 4 Veflel in or on board of which any fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall 4 be removing or tranfporting from one Place to another, it fhall and 6 may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of fuch Salt 4 or Rock Salt to make Application in Writing for Relief to His 4 Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion or c Shire neareft to which any fuch Accident fhall happen, at the 6 Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or to the Commiffioners of Excife at 4 the Chief Office of Excife in London, or any Three of the faid 4 Commiffioners, and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for 4 fuch Juftices of the Peace at the Quarter Seflions, or Commiflion-4 ers of Excife, or any Three of fuch Commiffioners refpedtively, 4 to receive and admit fuch Application, and to examine all Parties 4 touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof of the 4 Fadf in the manner preferibed by the faid Adt, to grant fuch Re-4 lief as in the faid Adt is mentioned, and under the feveral Provi-4 foes, Conditions and Reftridtions therein contained: And Whereas 4 by an Adt made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, among other things, for granting Relief for Salt loft at 4 Sea by Shipwreck or Capture, it is enadled, that, in every cafe 4 where any fuch Salt or R_ock Salt as aforefaid fhall, by the acci-4 dental or unavoidable calling away and finking of the Ship or 4 Veflel in or on board which fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be re-4 moving or tranfporting from one Place to another, be loft, or 4 where any fuch Salt or Rock Salt, as in that Behalf mentioned 4 in an Adt made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforefaid, 4 fhall be loft by Capture of Enemies, and any fuch Lofs fhall 4 not have come to the Knowledge of the Proprietor or Shipper 4 thereof in fufficient time to enable fuch Proprietor or Shipper to

4 give

O

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 49*

175

4 give the Notice required by the faid Aft, it {hall and may be law-4 ful to and for fuch Proprietor or Shipper, within One Month 4 after fuch Accident fhall have become known to him, her or them,

4 to give to the Commiffioners of Excife at the Chief Office of Ex-4 cife in London, or to the Collector of Excife of the Colleftion 4 nearetl: to which the Accident fhall have happened, fuch Notice as 4 by the faid lad recited A61 is prefcribed ; and upon any fuch No-4 tice as is by the faid A61 of the Fifty fird Year aforefaid pre-4 fcribed having been given as aforefaid, for His Majefty’s Judices 4 of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion or Shire, at the 4 Quarter Sedions of the Peace neared to which the Owner, Propri-4 etor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt fhall refide, or for the 4 Commiflioners of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London,

4 or any Three of the faid Commiffioners, to proceed thereon, and 4 grant the like Relief as in and by the faid refpeftive Afts is au-4 thorized, direfted or required, upon and under the Terms, Condi-4 tions and Redriftions mentioned in the faid Aft: And Whereas it 4 is expedient that the faid recited Provifions in the faid Two Afts 4 of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fird Years of the Reign aforefaid,

4 ffiould be repealed Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, the faid recited Provifions in the faid Two Afts of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fird Years of the Reign aforefaid fhall be and the fame are hereby refpeftively repealed.

LXV. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in cafe any Salt or Rock Salt removing from one Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to any other Part thereof, or (hipped for Exportation to Ireland, ffiall be lod or dedroyed by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably fprung by fuch Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vedel, during fuch Carriage or Conveyance of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, and fatisfaftorily (hewn to the Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Difcharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of fuch Salt or Rock Salt refpeftively, or by the unavoidable finking, dranding, cading away, Wreck or finking, or by the Capture of any Flat, Boat, Barge or Vedel in or on board of which any fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall be removing or tranfporting as aforefaid, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of fuch Salt or Rock Salt or Captain, Confignee or Agent, to make Application in Writing to Two or more of His Majedy’s Judices of the Peace of the County in Great Britain neared to which any fuch Lofs ffiall be fudained or be fird difcovered, or to the Port of Difcharge, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in Ireland to which fuch Vedel fliall be dedined, or into which fuch Vedel ffiall be driven, or to the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland, or at the Chief Office of Excife in London, according to the Place where fuch Lofs may happen, or any Three of the faid Commiffion-ers refpeftively ; and thereupon it ffiall and may be lawful to and for fuch Judices of the Peace, Colleftor and Comptroller or Commiffioners of Excife, or any Three of fuch Commiffioners refpeft-ively, and they are hereby required to receive and admit fuch Application, and to idue and grant their Summons to all and every Wituefs and Witnedes thereupon named by the Party or Parties making fuch Application, to come before them, upon a time and at

a Place

repealed.

When Salt or Rock Salt removing Coaft-wife or exporting to Ireland is lod by cafting away, wreck or finking of the Vedel, or Capture, Application to be made to Two Judices, or (if in Ireland) to the Collect or or Comptroller, or to the Excife in London or Scotland, who are to examine Wic-nefles.

Hosted by Google

17 G

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Proceedings on fuch Examination, and what the Proof is to be.

Juftices to grant, and Collector, &c. at the Expence > of the Party, to tranf-mit to Excife in England or Scotland, a Copy of Application and Examination, and Certificate of Proceedings,

a Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons refpe&ively, to be examined upon their and each of their Corporal Oaths touching and concerning the Premifes, and at fuch time and Place to examine upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftices, Colle&or and Comptroller and Commiflioners are hereby refpe&ively authorized to adminifter) not only all and every fuch Witnefs and Witnefles, but all Witnefles then and there produced againft fuch Application, in the Prefence of the proper Collector or Supervifor of Excife, if he or they (hall attend at fuch time and Place, touching the Matter ftated and contained in fuch Application, and to take fuch Examination and every Part thereof in Writing, to be afterwards read over to and figned by each fuch Witnefs refpedtively ; and upon Proof of all and every the Fatts ftated and contained in fuch Application by fuch Witnefles as afore-faid, one of whom fhall be the Mafter or Mate of fuch Flat, Boat, Barge or Veflel, if fuch Mafter or Mate be living at the time, and upon Proof as aforefaid that fuch Flat, Boat, Barge or Veflel was, at the time of the Shipment and Receipt of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, tight, found, and in all refpedts Sea worthy, and fit for the Reception and fafe Conveyance of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, and without Leakage or other Injury, and was not loaded with Salt or other Goods fo as to fink in the Water below her Load Water line or Mark, and that all fuch Salt or Rock Salt had been duly weighed, and had been fhipped and received on board thereof, and fecurely kept during the faid Voyage, continually from the time when fuch Salt or Rock Salt was weighed, and was fhipped and received on board thereof, until the Salt or Rock Salt was weighed or delivered out of fuch Veflel at the Port of Delivery, and in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, or the Veflel was ftranded, caft away, wrecked, funk or captured, or the Salt or Rock Salt was loft or deftroyed by fuch Leak or Leaks as aforefaid, and that no Part of fuch Salt or Rock Salt had been taken out, removed, loft, con-fumed or deftroyed by any Negligence or Want of due and proper Care thereof, or from the Mifdirecftion or Mifmanagement of fuch Veflel, or of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, to the Knowledge or Belief of fuch Mafter or Mate refpedlively, and that fuch Lofs or Deficiency was or were wholly and folely owing to and occafioned by the Caufe ftated in fuch Application, being either by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably fprung by fuch Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veflel, during fuch Carriage or Conveyance of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, and fatisfa6lorily fhewn to the Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Difcharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of fuch Salt or Rock Salt refpe&ively, or by the unavoidable ftranding, calling away, Wreck, finking or Capture of fuch Veflel, fuch Juftices are hereby authorized and required to grant to the.Col-le&or or Supervifor of Excife, and fuch Collector and Comptroller as aforefaid fhall, at the Expenfe of the Party or Parties making fucli Application, thereupon tranfmit to the Commiflioners of Excife in England or Scotland, as the cafe may be, a Copy of fuch Application, and of the Examinations in Writing taken thereon, with their Certificate, to be figned by fuch Juftices or Collector and Comptroller refpedlively, fpecifying that each fuch Witnefs has been examined them upon Oath, that his or her Examination was afterwards read over to and figned by each fuch Witnefs in the prefence of fuch Juftices or Colleftor and Comptroller refpe&ively,

and

Hosted by

Google

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.49.

177

and that the feveral Fatfts ftated in fuch Application were or were not, as the cafe may be, proved to their Satisfaction; and fuch Collector or Supervifor fhall, upon Receipt of fuch Copy and Certificate from fuch Juftices as aforefaid, tranfmit the fame to the Commiflioners of Excife, who are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any fuch Certificate as aforefaid, if they be fatisfied therewith, in cafe the Salt or Rock Salt fo loft or deftroyed fliall have been proved to be Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties by law impofed (hall have been paid or fecured to be paid, to allow to the Maker or Proprietor of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, out of the Duties on Salt which fliall next become due and payable from fuch Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for fuch Salt or Rock Salt which fliall be fo proved to have been fo loft or deftroyed as aforefaid ; and if the Salt or Rock Salt which fhall be proved to have been fo loft or deftroyed as aforefaid, fhall be Salt or Rock Salt which fhall have been delivered upon Bond free of Duty, or Rock Salt which fliall have been delivered for Exportation upon the low Duty to which fuch Rock Salt for Exportation is liable, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall, as to fuch Salt or Rock Salt fo loft or deftroyed, order and require fuch Collector of Excife as aforefaid to cancel or vacate the Bond which fhall have been given for the delivery of the Salt or Rock Salt which fhall be proved to have been fo loft or deftroyed ; and that if fuch Application be made to the Commiflioners of Excife as aforefaid, and fuch Proof be made as aforefaid to their Satisfaction, fuch Commiflioners fhall grant the fame Relief refpeCtively as is hereinbefore direCted to be granted by them on fuch Certificate as aforefaid: Provided always, that no fuch Application as aforefaid fhall be fuf-tained or proceeded upon unlefs the Proprietor or Shipper of any Salt or Rock Salt which fhall be loft or deftroyed as aforefaid, or fome Perfon on his, her or their Behalf, fhall give Notice in Writing to the ColleCtor or Comptroller of the Port in Ireland to which fuch Veflel may be deftined, or into which fhe may be driven, or to the ColleCtor or Supervifor of Excife in Great Britain neareft to the Place where fuch Eofs may happen or be firft difcovered, or to the Solicitor of Excife for fummary and criminal Profecutions, within Ten Days after fuch Lofs fliall have happened or been firft difcovered as aforefaid ; or if fuch Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veflel be then at Sea, within Ten Days after her Arrival at her deftined Port; nor unlefs it fhall be fpecified in fuch Application when and where fuch Lofs fliall have happened and been difcovered, and by which particular Caufe before mentioned it fliall have been occafioned ; nor unlefs the Names and Places of Abode of the Maker or Refiner, and of the Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt, the time when and the Place where the fame was fhipped, and the Place to which the fame was configned or intended to be removed, and alfo the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt actually fhipped, fhall be fpecified in fuch Application, and alfo whether it was Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties had been paid, or which had been delivered on Bond, and the Names of the Flat, Barge, Boat or Veflel in which the fame was fhipped, and of the Mafter or Commander thereof: Provided alfo, that no fuch Application to fuch Juftices or Commiflioners fhall be fuftained or proceeded upon unlefs a Copy of fuch Application fhall be delivered to fuch Collector or Supervifor as 57 GeOc III.	N	aforefaid,

Commiflioners of Excife on Receipt thereof may make fuch Allowance to Proprietor of Salt fo loft, <?cc. as herein mentioned,

and order Collect or to caned the Bond.

Notice to he civen to Officer of Application for Relief.

What fuch Application is to ipecify.

Copy of Application to be tie-liveied to Officer with Lift of Witnefles, &c.

Hosted by Google

178

C. 49.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Appeal to Quarter Seffions by either Party.

Notice to Officer of Appeal.

Dedlion of Quarter Seffions final.

What fa£ls and Witneffes Quarter Seffions may inquire into and examine.

Colls.

aforefaid, or to the Solicitor of Excife for fummary and criminal Profecutions, Three Days at lead before the time appointed by fuck Juftices or Commiflioners for the Examination of the Witneffes, together with the Lift of the Names, Refidence and Defcription of the feveral Witneffes who fhall be intended to be thereupon examined ; and that, upon any fuch Examination as aforefaid, fuch Witneffes only fhall be examined in Support of fuch Application whofe Names are contained in fuch Lift, and that fuch Examination fhall be confined to the Facts fpecified in fuch Application.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the faid Commiflioners of Excife fhall be diffatisfied with any fuch Examination or Certificate as aforefaid, they are hereby authorized and required within Fourteen Days to fignify the fame to the Party or Parties making fuch Application as aforefaid, and give to fuch Party or Parties a Notice of Appeal to the Juftices of the faid County, or of the County from which fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall have been fhipped, at the Quarter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be holden in and for the faid County next after fuch Certificate fhall have been received by them as aforefaid ; and that if fuch Juft ice or Juftices, or Colle&or and Comptroller, to whom any fuch Application fhall be made as aforefaid, fhall certify that all or any of the Fadts required by this A61 to be thereupon proved upon Oath fhall not have been proved, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Shipper of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, within Fourteen Days after fuch Deciiion, to give Notice to the Collector or Supervifor of Excife who'fhall have attended fuch Examination, or in cafe of any fuch Decifion by fuch Colledtor and Comptroller as aforefaid, to the Colle&or neareft to the Refidence of fuch Proprietor or Shipper in Great Britain, of his or her Intention to appeal to the Juftices aforefaid at the next Quarter Seffions to be holden in and for the faid County ; and fuch Juftices at their Quarter Seffions fhall, upon either of fuch Appeals as aforefaid, be thereupon empowered to iffue their Summons for the Attendance of any Witnefs or Witneffes thereon, and to hear and examine the Matters aforefaid, and their Decifion thereon fhall be final, and that thereupon fuch Application for Relief as aforefaid fhall be wholly difmiffed, or the faid Commiflioners of Excife (hall make fuch Order of Relief as before mentioned : Provided always, that no other Fadts or FaCt fhall be inquired into at fuch Quarter Seffions than thofe which are ftated in fuch original Application as aforefaid, nor any Witneffes examined in Support of fuch Application, except fuch whofe Names, Refidence and Defcription fhall be entered in a Lift to be given by the Party or Parties making fuch Application, to the Collector or Supervifor of Excife, Ten Days at leaft before fuch Quarter Seffions, nor any Witneffes examined againft fuch Application, except fuch whofe Names or Refidences and Defcriptions fhall be entered in a Lift to be given by fuch Collector or Supervifor to the Party or Parties making fuch Application, or his, her or their Agent, Ten Days at leaft before fuch Quarter Seffions ; and that the Party making fuch Appeal fhall, in cafe fuch Decifion of the Juftices of the Quarter Seffions fhall be againft fuch Appeal, bear and pay all Cofts, Charges and Expenfes attending, occafioned to or fuftained by either Party, by fuch Appeal having been fo made, and of all Witneffes who fhall have attended fuch Juftices to be examined thereon.

LXVII. And

Hosted by Google

A.D. 181JT.	57°GEO.	III.	€.49.

LXVII. And be it further ena6led, That if any Perfon fhall be fummoned to appear as a Witnefs to give Evidence before any fuch Juflices of the Peace as aforefaid, or any fuch Colle&or and Comptroller or Commiflioners as aforefaid, touching the matters aforefaid, and fhall negledt or refufe to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed in fuch Summons, without a reafonable Excufe for fuch his or her Neglect or Refufal (to be allowed by fuch Juflices of the Peace or Collector and Comptroller or Commiflioners as aforefaid), or appearing fhall refufe to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence to fuch Juflices of the Peace or Collector and Comptroller or Commiflioners, before whom fuch Evidence is required by this A61 to be given, then that every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of Diflrefs to be Hiked by fuch Commiflioners or Juflices, or by any other Two Juflices of the County or Place where fuch Offence fhall have been committed, upon the Certificate of the Juflices or Collector and Comptroller refpedtively to be granted of fuch Contempt; and if no fufficient Diflrefs can be found, then it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners or Juflices to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or other Prifon within their Jurifdi&ion, for any Term not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, unlefs the Penalty fhall be fooner paid; and fuch Penalty fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place in which fuch Offence fhall have been committed, in fuch manner as fuch Juflices fhall direct and appoint.

LXVI1I. And be it further enadted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall give falfe Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this A61, or where, in purfuance of this A61, any Oath is required to be taken, fhall fwear falfcly, fhall be fubje6l to fuch Pains, Penalties and Difqualifications as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or for the time being fhall be fubjedt or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LXIX. And be it further enadted, That if any Queflion fhall arife whether any falted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali refpedtively, which fhall be feized as and for falted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali refpedtively, forfeited under or by virtue of this A61, be falted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali refpedtively, for or on which fuch Forfeiture is by this A£t impofed, the Proof of fuch falted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali refpedtively, not being falted Fifh, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali refpedtively, for or on which fuch Forfeiture is by this A61 impofed fhall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

LXX. And be it further enadted, That no Bond or Security given or to be taken, under the Provifions of this A61, for the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt to be lodged or depofited in any Warehoufe for the Ufe of the Britijh Fifheries, or for the accounting for any Salt or Rock Salt depofited therein, or for or in refpedl of any Salt or Rock Salt to be ufed or employed in curing or pre-ferving Fifh, nor any Certificate made out in relation to any fuch Salt or Rock Salt, fhall be fubjedt or liable to any Stamp Duties ; any thing in this or any other A61 or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

LXXI. And be it further enadted, That all and every of the Powers, Dire6tions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things which in and by an Adt made in the Twelfth Year of

N 2	the

179

Witnefies negle&ing, Scr, to appear or give flvidenop,

Penalty ycl.

Application of Penalty.

Perjury.

Onus Probandi, how far on Owner of Fifh, Salt, &c.

Bonds for Fllh-ery Salt not l'ub-jedt to Stamp Duty.

12 C. 2. c. 24.

and any other Aft relating ro

the F.xeife iu

Hosted by Google

ISO

force, extended to this A£h

Peualiies how to be recovered.

Adt may be altered, &c, this ..Selfion.

54 G. 3. c. 180,

continued.

C.49, 50.	57°	GEO, III.	A.D. I817.

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon His Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majefty's Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftabli filed, fhall be pradlifed, ufed and put in Execution, in and for the Purpofes of this Adi, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties; Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in this prefent ACt.

LXXII. And be it further enadled, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Adi, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedtively ; and that (fave and except in fuch cafe or cafes where it is otherwife exprefsly direded by this Adi) One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fhall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

LXXIII. And be it further enadled, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be paffed in this Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An ACl to contiuue an ACl made in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to providefor the preferving and rejloring of Peace in fuch Parts of Ireland as may at any Time be difurbed by feditious Perfons, or by Per-fons entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies.

[27th June 1817.]

‘ YY7HEREAS an Adi was made in the Fifty fourth Year of < VV His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft to provide i for the preferving and reforing of Peace in fuch Parts of Ireland as 6 may at any time be difturbed by feditious Perfons, or by Perfons c entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies; to continue 4 in Force for Two Years from and after the palling thereof, and 4 from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament : c And Whereas the faid Adi is about to expire at the End of this 4 prefent Sefiion of Parliament, and it is expedient that the fame * fhould be continued ;' Be it therefore enadled by The Ring's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Adi fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and fhall be in Force in Ireland, from the End of this prefent Sefiion of Parliament, for a further Period of One Year, and no longer.

CAP.

Hosted by

Google

AJD.1817.

57° GEO. IIL

C. 51,52.

181

CAP. LI;

An ACt to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland.	[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS a Doubt has exifted whether the Law of England requiring Religious Ceremonies in the Celebration of.

4 Marriage to be performed by Perfons in Holy Orders, for the per-

4 feCt Validity of the Marriage Contract, be in Force in Newfound-

4 land; and by reafon of this Doubt, Marriages have been of late

4 celebrated,in Newfoundland by Perfons notin Holy Orders: And

4 Whereas great Inconvenience and Irregularities may arife if thefe

4 Doubts (hall continue to prevail Be it therefore enacted by The

King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Marriages to he

from and after the Firft Day of January in the Year One thoufand iolemnized in

eight hundred and eighteen, all Marriages had in Newfoundland fhall

be celebrated by Perfons in Holy Orders ; and all Marriages which Holy6Orders.

ffiall be contracted or celebrated in Newfoundland contrary to this J

A6t, after the Firft Day of January in the Year One thoufand eight

hundred and eighteen, fhall be and are hereby declared to be null

and void: Provided neve.rthelefs, that nothing contained in this ACt Provifo for Dif-

ffiall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Marriages that may ficulty in procur-

be had under Circumftances of peculiar and extreme Difficulty in Hol^Orders0

procuring a Perfon in Holy Orders to perform the Celebration, and being certified

in which the Law might on that account otherwife determine on the on Oath.

Validity of fuch Marriages : Provided always, that in all fuch cafes

th^ Circumftance of the cafe and the aCtual ContraCt of Marriage fhall

be certified on the Oath of the Parties before the Magiftrate neareft

to the ufual Refidence of the Parties, or either of them, or before

fome other Perfon duly authorized by the Governor or Officer ad-

miniftering the Government at Newfoundland, to adminifter fuch

Oath.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That nothing in this ACt fhall Provifo for Mar-extend or be conftrued to extend to Marriages already had, or that riages already fhall be had previous to the Firft Day of January in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen : Provided alfo, that nothing in	an

this ACt contained fhall extend to any Marriages amongft the People called Quakers, or amongft the Perfons profeffing the Jewiffi Religion, where both the Parties to any fuch Marriage fhall be of the People called Quakers, or Perfons profeffing the Jewiffi Religion refpeCtively.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That this A Cl may be altered, Aft may be amended or repealed by any ACt or ACts to be palled in the prefent. altere,1> &c. this Seffion of Parliament.	Seffion-

CAP. LII.

An ACt to alter an ACt palled in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual fecuring the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants.	[27th	JW?	1817.]

*	HE REAS by an ACt of Parliament patted in the Eleventh n G. a. c. 19.

6 W Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the §16.

4 Second, intituled An A3 for the more effectual fecuring the Payment

N 3	4	of

Hosted by Google

182

a 52.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.J817.

Extended to Tenants in Arrear for One Half Year’s Rent inflead of One Year,

4 of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants, it is amongft other 4 things enacted, that from and after the Tvventy fourth Day of 4 June One thoufand feven hundred and thirty eight, if any Tenant 4 holding any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at a Rack Rent,

4 or where the Rent referved fhould be full Three fourths of the 4 Yearly Value of the demifed Premifes, who fhould be in Arrear 4 for One Year’s Rent, fhould defert the demifed Premifes, and 4 leave the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, fo as no fufficient 4 Didrefs could be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent, it fhould 4 and might be lawful to and for Two or more Judices of the 4 Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place (having no Interefl 4 in the demifed Premifes), at the Requed of the LefTor or Land-4 lord, Leffors or Landlords, or his, her or their Bailiff or Receiver,

4 to go upon and view the fame, and to affix or caufe to be affixed 4 on the mod notorious Part of the Premifes Notice in Writing what 4 Day (at the Diflance of Fourteen Days at lead) they would re-4 turn to take a Second View thereof; and if upon fuch Second 4 View the Tenant, or fome Perfon on his or her behalf, fhould not 4 appear and pay the Rent in Arrear, or there fhould not be fuffi-4 cient Didrefs upon the Premifes, then the faid Judices might put 4 the Landlord or Landlords, LefTor or Leffors, into the Poffeffion 4 of the faid demifed Premifes ; and the Leafe thereof to fuch 4 Tenant, as to any Demife therein contained only, fhould from 4 thenceforth become void : And Whereas it is expedient, for the 4 due ProtedTion of the Intered of Landlords, that fo much of the 4 faid A6t as requires a Tenant to be in Arrear for One Year’s Rent 4 fhould be altered, and that the Provifions of the faid Adt fhould be 4 extended to Tenancies where no Right of Entry in cafe of Non 4 Payment is referved to the Landlord ;’ Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Adi the Provifions, Powers and Remedies by the faid recited Adt given to Leffors and Landlords in cafe of any Tenant deferting the demifed Premifes and leaving the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, fo as no fufficient Didrefs can be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent, fhall be extended to the cafe of Tenants holding any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at a Rack Rent, or where the Rent referved fhall be full Three fourths of the Yearly Value of the demifed Premifes, and who fhall be in Arrear for One Half Years’ Rent, (indead of for One Year as in the faid recited Adt is provided and enadted,) and who fhall hold fuch Lands and Tenements or Hereditaments under any Demife or Agreement either written or verbal, and although no Right or Power of Re-entry be referved or given to the Landlord in cafe of Non Payment of Rent, who fhall be in Arrear for One Half Year’s Rent, indead of for One Year, as in the faid recited Adt is provided and enadted.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

A.D.1S17.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.r>3,	ias

CAP. LIII.

An A61 for the more effectual Punifhment of Murders and Manflaughters committed in Places not within His Majefly’s Dominions.	[27th	June	1817.]

4 T^i7*HEREAS grievous Murders and Manflaughters have been 4 VV committed at the Settlement in the Bay of Honduras in 6 South America, the fame being a Settlement, for certain Purpofes,

4 in the Poffeffion and under the Protedlion of His Majefty, but not 4 within the Territory and Dominion of His Majefty, by Perfons 4 refiding and being within the faid Settlement ; and the like Of-4 fences have alfo been committed in the South Pacific Ocean^ as well 4 on the High Seas as on Land, in the Iflands of New Zealand and 4 Otaheite, and in other Iflands, Countries and Places not within His 4 Majefty’s Dominions, by the Mafters and Crews of Britijh Ships,

4 and other Perfons who have for the moft Part deferted from or left 4 their Ships, and have continued to live and refide amongft the I11-4 habitants of thofe Iflands; whereby great Violence has been done*

4 and a general Scandal and Prejudice raifed againft the Name and 4 Character of Britifio and other European Traders: And Whereas 4 fuch Crimes and Offences do efcape unpunifhed, by reafon of the 4 Difficulty of bringing to Trial the Perfons guilty thereof:’ For Remedy whereof be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling Murders and of this A£l all Murders and Manflaughters committed or that ffiall Manflaughters be committed on Land at the faid Settlement in the Bay of Honduras committed by any Perfon or Perfons refiding or being within the faid Settle- p0^gjr^parts ment, and all Murders and Manflaughters committed or that ffiall be not w^tl)in His committed in the faid Iflands of New Zealand and Otaheite, or Majefty’s Do-within any other Iflands, Countries, or Places not within His Ma- minions, may he jelly’s Dominions, nor fubjedl to any European State or Power, nor tried in *ny within the Territory of the United States of America, by the pove^i^Plant^ Mailer or Crew of any Briiijlo Ship or VefTel, or any of them, or by t,ons *in fame * any Perfon failing in or belonging thereto, or that ffiall have failed manner as Of-in or belonged to and have quitted any Britijh Ship or VefTel to fences commit-live in any of the faid Iflands, Countries, or Places, or either of them, on the or that ffiall be there living, fliall and may be tried, adjudged and enj* puniffied in any of His Majefty’s Iflands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories, under or by virtue of The King’s Com-miffion or Commiffions, which ffiall have been or which fliall hereafter be iffued under and by virtue and in purfuance of the Powers and Authorities of an A £1 palled in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent 46 G, 3. c. 54. Majefty, intituled An A& for the more fpeedy Trial of Offences committed in dijlant Parts upon the Sea, in the fame manner as if fuch Offence or Offences had been committed on the High Seas.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained ffiall repeal or Provifo for Stat. affedl, or be conftrued to repeal or affeft, the Provifions of an A61 33. H. 8. c. S3, made and paffed in the Thirty third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AB to proceed by Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer againjl fuch Perfons as Jhall confefs Treafon, etc. without remanding the fame to be tried in the Shire where the Offence <tuas committed.

NI	III.	And

Hosted by Google

181

C. 53,54.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

j\i.i may be altered, &c. this Seffion.

III. And be it further ena&ed, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be paffed in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An Adi to enable the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues to make and maintain a Road from Millbank Row, IVeffminffer, to the Penitentiary.

*	[27th 0/^/7*? 1817.]

52G.3.C.41.	4 Y|7 HEREAS in purfuance and under the Authority of an

4 W Adi of Parliament paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for the Ereftion of 4 a Penitentiary Houfe for the Confinement of Offenders convifted 4 within the City of London and County of Middlefex ; and for, 4 making Compenfation to Jeremy Bentham Efquire for the Non Per-4 formance of an Agreement between the faid Jeremy Bentham and 4 the Lords Commiffioners of His Majeffy’s TreaJ'ury, refpefting the 4 Cuffody and Maintenance of Convifts, a Penitentiary for the Con-

*	fineraent and Employment of Male and Female Convidls has been

*	eredled at Millbank, in the County of Middlefex, on Lands now « veiled in His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by virtue of the 4 faid Adi, for the Ufe of the Public and the Purpofes of the faid 4 Adi ; and the fame is now completed and fit for the Reception ‘ of Part of the Perfons intended to be confined therein ; but no 4 Carriage Way has yet been fet out for paffing and repafiing between 4 the faid Penitentiary and the City of IVeffminffer : And Whereas 4 it is neceffary and expedient, for opening a Communication with 4 the faid Penitentiary, that a free and public Carriage Way fhould

*	be made and maintained from the South End of Millbank Row> 4 in the Liberty of IVeffminffer, over a Piece or Parcel of Land be-4 longing to the Earl Grofveiior, and now in the Poffefhon of

*	Thomas Sargent as Occupier thereof, and by him ufed as a Wharf, 4 and to be continued along the Bank of the River Thames in the 4 Line of the old Foot Path, to the Lodge or Gate of the faid 4 Penitentiary : And Whereas the whole of the Land required for 4 the Purpofe of making the faid intended Road, except the Piece 4 or Parcel of Land which fo belongs to the Earl Grofvenor as

*	aforefaid, being the Property of His Majefty in Right of His

<	Crown, it is expedient that the Commiffioners for the time being <■ of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues fhould be

<	authorized and empowered to appropriate fo much of the Land fo « belonging to His Majefty in Right of His Crown as aforefaid, as

<	fhall be requifite for that Purpofe, to be ufed for the faid intended 4 Road, and to make and maintain fuch intended Road, and to make

*	Compenfation to the faid Earl Grofvenor, and all Perfons lawfully 4 claiming under him, for fuch Part of the faid Parcel of Land 4 belonging to him as fhall be taken and required by virtue of this 4 A61 by and out of the Land Revenue of the Crown May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Autho-

Commillioners, rity of the fame, That the Commiffioners for the time being of His

Majefty’s

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.54.

185

Majefty’s "Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for carrying this Aft into Execution ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners, by and with the Confent and Approbation of any Three or more of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being*, to be lignified by any Minute in Writing, or by Letter from any one of their Secretaries, in purfuance of I'uch Minute, to fee out and make, and hereafter to maintain and keep in Repair an open, free and public Carriage Road, commencing from the South End of Millbank Row, in the Liberty of Wejtminjler, through and over a Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the Earl Grofvenor, and now in the Pofleflion of Thomas Sargent as Occupier, and from thence to be continued over the Crown Lands along the Bank of the River to the Lodge or Gate of the Penitentiary lately erefted under the faid recited Aft ; fuch Road to be a free and public Road, to be ufed by all His Majefly’s Subjefts on Foot or on Horfeback, and for the PafTage of Carriages, Carts, Waggons and other Vehicles.

II.	And be it further enafted. That that Part of the faid intended Road which fhall be made through and over the faid Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the faid Earl Grofvenor, fhall not exceed in Width Thirty Feet to be meafured from a Line ranging with the Face of the Front Area of the lafl or Southernmoft Houfe in Mill-hank Row, and including in the faid Width of Thirty Feet the prefent Footway.

III.	Provided, and it is hereby further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners for carrying this Aft into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fhall think it expedient fo to do, by and with the Confent of the laid Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to be fignified in manner aforefaid, to extend and continue the faid intended Road from the faid Lodge or Gate of the Penitentiary over the Crown Lands in a Southern Direftion, until it fhall meet the Branch or Road now forming leading towards the Penitentiary from and out of the High Road from Vauxhall Bridge to Pimlico, and fhall form a Junftion therewith.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the time being for carrying this Aft into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Confent and Approbation of any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Treafury for the time being, to be fignified as aforefaid, from time to time to appropriate, lay out and expend fo much of the Money ariflng from the Land Revenues of the Crown under their Management as may be neceflary for making and afterwards maintaining and keeping in Repair the faid intended Road, and for paying fuch Sums of Money as Com-penfations to the faid Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, or any other Perfons having any Eftate, Right or Interefl therein, for the Value of fuch Ground, and of their refpeftive Eftates or Inte-refts therein, and for any Injury or Damage they may refpeftively fuftain by the making of fuch Road, as may be agreed upon and fettled between the faid Commiflioners and the faid Earl Grofvenor and other Perfons, or which may be awarded and afeertained by the Verdift of a Jury in manner hereinafter direfted.

V, And

Public Carriage RoacJ to be made tiom the South End of Millbank Row.

Road through the Land of Earl Grofvenor not to exceed 30 feet wide.

Road may be extended from the Lodge of the Penitentiary to the Branch of Road leading from Vauxhall Bridge to Pimlico.

Money necef-fary for making and keeping the Ro d in Repair, and for Com pen-fni ion to Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent.* may be applied from the Land Revenue with Confent of the Treafury.

Hosted by Google

L86

C.54.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Commi(Ticners to 1 rertt with Earl Grofvenor and T. Sargent fur the Purchafe of the Ground to be taken from them for the new Road.

The fa id Performs refufing, .See. to treat, or not agreeing, &c.

Jury to a leer tain the Purchafe Money and Compenfation.

Witne fifes called before Jury.

Jury to view if Occafion.

Money a fife-fled by Jury to be paid by the Com mifTioners to Earl Grofvenor and T. Sargent,

V. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be law-ful for the faid Commifiioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution, and they are hereby authorized, by and with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, to treat and agree with the faid Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, or any fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, for the abfolute Purchafe of the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, of or belonging to him or them, hereby authorized to be taken for the Purpofes of this Adi, and of all their refpedlive Eftates and Interefls therein, and for the fettling what Compenfations fhall be paid or given to the faid Earl and Thomas Sargent, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, either in Money or other Equivalent, for any Injury which may be fullained by or occalioncd to them by the making and maintaining of fuch intended Road ; and if the faid Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, or any fuch other Perfon or Perfons having and proving an Interefl: in the faid Ground and Premifes, fhall negledl or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or from any Caufe fhall be prevented from treating with the faid Commiffioners for the time being, or with the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to treat and agree 011 their Behalf, then and in fuch cafe the High Bailiff of the City and Eiberty of Weft-7ninjler, or his Deputy, fhall, upon the Warrant of the faid Com-miifioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution in mariner hereinafter mentioned, and he is hereby authorized and required to caufe it to be enquired into and afeertained, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid City or Liberty of Wefminfler> which Oaths the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered to adminifler, what Damages will be fultained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction fhall be made to the faid Earl Grofvenor as Owner, and the faid Thomas Sargent as Occupier, or to any other Perfon or Perfons claiming or proving any Interefl therein as aforefaid, for the Value of fuch Piece or Parcel of Land to be taken and occupied for the Purpofes of this Adi, and of the proportionable Value of their refpedlive Inte-refts therein, and fhall affefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to them refpedlively for the fame ; and in order thereto - the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered and required from time to time, as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before the faid Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who fhall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes touching or concerning the Premifes, which Oath the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered to adminiller; and the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy fhall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Place in queftion if there be Occafion, and to ufe all other Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premifes, as fuch High Bailiff or his Deputy fhall think fit; and after the faid Jury fhall have enquired of and afeertained fuch Value, Damages and Compenfation, the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy fhall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid by the Commifiioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution to the faid Earl Grofvenor and Thomas Sargent, and to any other Perfon or Perfons to whom any. fuch Compenfation fhall or may be awarded 13	to

Hosted by Google

AJD.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 54.

187

to be paid, according to fuch Verdin or Xnquifition of the faid Jury : Provided always, that the Court of King's Bench {hall have full Power and Authority, if it {hall fee Caufe, on Motion made to fuch Court for that Purpofe by the Party who fhall be diffatisfied with the fame, to fet afide fuch VerdidI or Inquifition, and to direct the faid High Bailiff or Deputy to fummon a new Jury ; but all fuch Verdidls and Inquifitions {hall be binding on all Perfons and Parties whatfoever, unlefs fuch Motion {hall be made to the Court, for fetting afide the fame, within the firll Term after the taking thereof.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That for the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury or Juries the faid Commiflioners for the time being for carrying this Adi into Execution are hereby authorized and empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy to fummon, impannel and return, at fome convenient Place in the faid City of Wejiminjier, a Jury of not lefs than Thirty five nor more than Forty eight honeft and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Iffues in His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejiminjier, to appear before the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy at fuch time and Place as in fuch Warrant {hall be appointed ; and Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing at the leaft, under the Hands of the faid Commiflioners for the time being for executing this Adt, or under the Hand of their Solicitor, of the time and Place at which fuch Jury are fo required to be returned, {hall be given to the faid Earl Grofvenor and the faid Thomas Sargent, and to all other Perfons interefted in the Premifes, before the time of the Meeting of fuch Jury, by leaving fuch Notice or Notices at the Dwelling Houfes of the faid Earl Gro/venor, Thomas Sargent and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid ; and the faid High Bailiff and his Deputy are hereby required and empowered to impannel, fummon and return fuch Number accordingly ; and out of the Perfons fo impannelled, fum-moned and returned, or out of fuch of them as {hall appear on fuch Summons, the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy {hall fwear or caufe to be fworn Twelve, who fhall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and, in default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, {hall return other honeft and fufficient Men of the Standers by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as laft aforefaid, to the Number of Twelve; and it {ball be lawful for all Perfons concerned to attend by themfelves, their Counfel and Solicitors, and to be heard and to adduce Evidence before the faid High Bailiff, or his Deputy, and fuch Perfons {hall alfo have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn, but.fhall not challenge the Array.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That no Jury to be fummoned by virtue of this Adi {hall be allowed to affefs or award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Perfon or Perfons by way of Compenfation for any Injury or Damage alleged to have been fuftained by him or them by reafon or Means of this Adi, or any thing which may or fhall be done in the Execution hereof, unlefs Notice in Writing, Hating the Particulars of every fuch Claim, and how and in what manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, fhall have been given by or on behalf of fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Commilfioiiers for the time being for executing this Adi, or to theft*

Solicitor,

Regulations for fummoning and impannelling a Jury.

Notice to Com-miffioners,dating Particulars of Claims, before any Award of Compenfation is made.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

Default of High Bailiffin returning a Jury. Penalty. Jurymen and Witneflts neglecting their Duty.

Penalty.

If VevdiCi be given for a larger Sum than offered, Expence of Jury to be paid by the Corn mif-iloners; but if given for no more cr a lets Sum, the oth- r Party fliall pay the Expence.

If no Damage given, or if Jury occafioned by Party refilling to treat with Com-mvflioners, then Cofts to be fettled by High Bailiff or Deputy.

C. 54.

A.D. 1817-

Solicitor, Ten Days at leaft before the time of the Meeting of fuch Jury.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That if the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy, fo directed to fummon and return a Jury as afore-faid, fhall make default in the Premifes, he {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn or to give his VerdiCt, or fhall in any other manner wilfully negleCl his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, or if any Perfon fummoned as a Witnefs fhall not appear, or appearing fliall refufe to be examined or give Evidence, any Perfon fo offending, having no reafonable Excufe to be allowed by the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; which feveral and refpeClive Penalties fhall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid City of Wejlminjler, by Diffrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, rendering to him, her or them the Overplus, after fuch Penalty and the Charges of fuch Diffrefs and Sale fhall be deducted.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Jury to be fummoned and fworn purfuant to the Authority of this ACt fliall give in a VerdiCt or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence, Com-penfation or Satisfaction for the Right, Intereft or Property of the faid Earl Grofvenor, Thomas Sargent, or any other Perfon or Per-fons, in fuch Piece or Parcel of Land to be taken for the Purpofes of this ACt, than fhall have been agreed to have been given and offered for the fame by the faid Commifiioners for the time being for executing this ACt, before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury ; then and in every fuch cafe all the reafonable Cofts, Charges and Expenfes of caufing and procuring fuch Recompence, Com-penfation or Satisfaction to be aifeffed by a Jury, fhall be fettled by the faid High Bailiff or his Deputy before whom fuch Claim fliall have been tried, and fhall be paid by the faid Commifiioners for the time being for executing this Act; but if any Jury fo fummoned and fworn as aforefaid fhall give any VerdiCt or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money as fuch Recompence, Compenfation and Satisfaction as aforefaid, than fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Commifiioners for the fame before the fummoning and returning of the faid Jury, or in cafe no Damage fhall be given by the VerdiCt where the Difpute is for Damages only, or if the caufing and procuring of fuch Jury to be fummoned fhall have arifen from a Refufal to treat or agree with the faid Commifiioners for the time being by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who is or are by the Provifions of this ACt or otherwife legally empowered to treat; then all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expenfes, to be fettled by fuch High Bailiff or his Deputy in manner aforefaid, fhall be paid to the Commifiioners for the time being for executing this ACl, by the faid Earl Grofvenor, Thomas Sargent, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo claiming fuch Compenfation, or refufing to treat and agree as before mentioned refpeCtively, fave only and except where by reafon of Abfence or like Caufe any Perfon fliall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforefaid, in which cafe no

Cofts*

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 54.

189

Cofts, Charges or Expenfes (hall be allowed to either Party as againft the other; and all Cofts, Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the faid Commiflioners for the time being for executing this Aft, {hail and may be dedufted and retained by them out of the Money fo adjudged or aflefled to be paid by them, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of the Perfon and Per-fons entitled to fuch Money fo adjudged; and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Money {hall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo adjudged or aflefled ; or in cafe no fufficient Sum of Money (hall be awarded or aflefled to be paid by the faid Commiftioners, whereout fuch Cofts, Charges and Expenfes can be deducted, then the fame fhall and may -be recovered by fuch Ways and Means as hereinafter provided for the Recovery of % Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Aft im-pofed or authorized to be impofed.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all the faid Judgments and Verdifts fhall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His Ma-jefty’s Land Revenue, and a Minute or Docket thereof fliall be entered and preferred in the Office of the Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and all fuch Judgments and Verdifts {hall be afterwards depofited with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid City of Wejlminjler> or with the Keeper of the Records of the Quarter Seffions, to be kept and preferved by him amongft the Records of the Quarter Seffions of the faid City and Liberty, and {hall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatfoever, and the fame or true Copies thereof fliall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatfoever, and all Perfons fhall have Liberty to infpedt the fame, paying for fuch Infpeftion the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who, in any Examination to be taken on Oath by virtue of this Aft, fliall wilfully give falfe Evidence or forfwear themfelves before any fuch Jury, or before any Juftice of Peace, fliall and may be profecuted for the fame, and upon Conviftion thereof fliall be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the fame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being fubjeft and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the time being for executing this Aft, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to caufe fuch and fo many Lamp Polls and Lamp Irons to be put up or fixed in, upon or along the Sides of the faid Road as they {hall think proper, and alfo to caufe fuch Number of Lamps of fuch Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed upon fuch Lamp Polls and Lamp Irons as they fliall think neceflary for lighting the faid Road and every or any Part thereof.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully and malicioufly break, cut down, damage or injure any of the Lamp Polls or Lamp Irons fet up by the faid Commiflioners, or fhall break or extinguish any of the Lamps affixed thereto for lighting the faid Road; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or any other Perfon, fliall wilfully and malicioufly or

carelelsly

Judgments and Verdicts to be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, and afterwards depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for Weft-niinfter, &c.

Fee for fn-fpe6tion.

Perjury.

Lamps to be affixed on the Sides of the Road, t

Breaking Lamps, &c. damaging the Road, or occa-fioning Annoyances, &c. as * herein mentioned.

Hosted by Google

190

C. 54.

5rGEo.ni.

A.D.1817.

Penalty.

Obftru&ing Persons employed in executing A£t,

Penalty.

Contra&s may be entered into for making the Road and keeping it in Repair, and for lighting it, &c.

carelefsly break or damage any of the Pods, Rails or Stones, or any Bank or Mound which may be eredled for the Security of the faid Road ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the faid Road ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall fcrape off any Mud, Soil or other Matter or Thing which fhall be or lie upon any Part of the faid Road, with any Inllrument, fo as to damage the faid Road or any Part thereof; or if any Perfon fhall hale or draw, or caufe to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the faid Road which fhall not have been previoufly paved, and fhall be then paved, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, other-wife than upon Wheel Carriages, or fhall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which fhall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the. faid Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the fame .Road fhall fuffer the fame to root up or damage the faid Road or any Part thereof; or if any Perfon fhall in any manner wilfully prevent any other Perfon or Perfons from paffing him, her or them upon the faid Road, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his, her or their Care; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage longer than fhall be neceffary for loading and unloading, and {landing as near to the Side of the faid Road as conveniently may be, in, upon or on the Side of the faid Road, either with or without any Horfe or Beafl of Draught harneffed or yoked thereto ; or if any Perfon fhall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh or other Matter or Thing wffiatfoever in or upon any Part of the faid Road, or to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Perfon or Perfons paffing or repaffing thereon ; every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon fhall affault, interrupt or hinder, or caufe to be affaulted, interrupted or hindered, any Perfon or Perfons by the faid CommifTioners for the time being for carrying this A6t into Execution, or by any Con-tra£tor, employed in the Execution of this A61, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for the time being for carrying this A61 into Execution, or for fuch Perfon or Perions as they for that Purpofe fhall appoint, to contract w7ith any Perfon or Perfons for fetting out, making, railing, repairing and keeping in Repair the faidjRoad, and alfo for fetting up and affixing the Lamp Polls and Lamp Irons on and for lighting the faid Road, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedlively, and for doing any other Work by this A<?c authorized to be done, in fuch manner and for fuch Sums of Money, or other Compenfation or Confideration, as the faid Commiffioners for the time being for executing this A61 fhall think proper ; and all Contradls in Writing for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, which fhall be entered into, fhall be binding to all Parties who fhall fign the fame, his, her and their Executors and Adminiflrators ; and A6tions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colls recovered againft the Parties failing therein.

XVI. And

Hosted by Google

67° GEO. III.

C, 54.

191

XVI.	And be it further cnaCted, That all Matters, A<5ts and Things authorized or neceffary to be done by the faid Commiffioners in purfuance of this ACt, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and the fame fiiall be as valid and effe&ual, and (hall have the fame Force and EffeCt, as if fuch Matters, A6ls and Things had been done and executed by all the faid Commiffioners.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby infli&ed or authorized to be impofed, the manner of levying which is not herein otherwife directed, fhall, upon Proof of the Offences refpedtively before any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler, or for the County of Middlejex, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Parties themfelves, or upon the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, which fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminiffer, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juffice ; which Warrant the faid Juffice is hereby empowered to grant for that Purpofe ; and the Overplus, if any, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, are recovered and dedu&ed, fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when recovered and paid, fhall be applied for the Purpofes of this A£l ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, and fuch Penalties fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice of Peace as aforefaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reafonable Charges, fliall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this A<ft, fuch Per-fon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the Firft General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler next after the Expiration of Three Months from the time fuch Matter of Appeal fliall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given Ten Days’ Notice at the leaft of his, her or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Solicitor of the faid Commiffioners, and within Three Days’ Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch City and Liberty, with fufficient Sureties, to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seffions ; and the faid Juftices in fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and to make fuch Determination therein, and to award fuch Cofts to either of the Parties, or other-wife, as they fhall judge proper; and the faid Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and may alfo order fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they fhall judge reafonable ; and all fuch Determinations of the laid

Juftices

Two Commiffioners may ait.

Penalties how to be recovered.

Diftref?.

How Penalties applied.

If no Diftrefs, Imprifonment,

Appeal to Quarter Seffions,

Notice.

Recognizance.

Coils.

Mitigation of Penalty,

Hosted by Google

192

C. 54.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Cofts levied by Diftrefs.

Imprifonmcnt.

Notice to be given before any Action is brought; and Tender of Amende may be offered.

Limitation of A6ti<?ns,

General IfTue.

Treble Cods.

Juftices {hall be final, binding and conclufive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and the laid Judices at fuch Sef-lions may alfo by their Order or Warrant levy fuch Cods fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Per-fons who fhall refufe to pay the fame, and for want of fufficient Diftrefs commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Prifon of or for the faid City and Liberty for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of fuch Cods.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Action to be commenced againd any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Adi, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty eight Days at lead before fuch Adtion (hall be commenced, of fuch intended Adtion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the caufe of fuch Adtion ; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adtion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch Adtion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adtion, by Leave of the Court, after fuch Adtion fhall have been brought, at any time before IfTue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, die or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order and Judgment fhall be made and given in and by fuch Court as in other Adtions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Adtion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Adt after Three Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and every fuch Adtion or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of Middlefex, and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adtion or Suit fhall or may plead, at his or their Eledtion, fpecially or the General Iffue, and give this Adt and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Adt ; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Adtion or Suit fhall be brought before Twenty eight Days’ Notice thereof fhall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the time limited for bringing fuch Adtion or Suit, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the Jury fhall find a Verdidt for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdidt, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her or their Adtion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other cafes by Law.

CAP,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 55.

193

may be detained until ill March iSx8; and fhali

CAR LV.

An Aft: to continue an Aft to empower His Majefly to fecure and detain fuch Perfons as His Majefty fhali fufpeft are con-fpiring againft His Perfon and Government.

[30th June 1817.]

i WI PEREAS an Aft Was palled in this Seffion of Parliament, c. 3. ante.

6 VV intituled An Aft to empower His Majejly to fecure and de~

*	tain fuch Perfons as His Majfly fhali fufpeft are confpiring againjl 6 His Perfon and Government, which Aft was to continue in force c until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ( feventeen : And Whereas it is neceffary for the public Safety ‘ that the Provifions of the faid Aft fhould be further continued :

( Therefore, for the better Prefervation. of His Majefty's facred

*	Perfon, and the facred Perfon of His Royal Highnefs The Prince

*	Regent, and for fecuring the Peace and Laws and Liberties of

*	this Kingdom Be it enafted by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all or any Perfon or Perfons Perfons impri-that are or (hall be in Prifon within that Part of the United King- foned for High dom called Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Aft (hall Treafon, &c. receive His Majefty's Royal Affent, or after, by Warrant of His faid Majefty's molt Honourable Privy Council, figned by Six of the faid Privy Council, for High Treafon, Sufpicion of High Treafon not be bailed or or Treafonable Praftices, or by Warrant figned by any of His Ma- tried without an jefty's Secretaries of State, for fuch Caufes as aforefaid, may be Order from the detained in fafe Cuftody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Firft 1 nv^ Council. Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that

no Judge or Juftice of the Peace fhali bail or try any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed, without Order from His faid Majefty’s Privy Council, figned by Six of the faid Privy Council, until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enafted, That the Aft made in Scotland A61 in Scotland in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and one, inti- <-'f 1701,10 far as tuled An Aft for preventing wrongous Imprifonment, and againjl undue Delays in Trials, in fo far as the fame may be conftrued to relate to the Cafes of Treafon and Sufpicion of Treafon,with refpeft to Perfons fo committed as aforefaid, be fufpended until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that Perfons commit-until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eigh- ted there teen no Judge, Juftice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law of Scotland, fhali liberate, try or admit to Bail any Perfon or Perfons that is, are or fhali be in Prifon within Scotland under a Warrant or Warrants fo figned as aforefaid, for fuch Caufes as aforefaid, without Order from His faid Majefty's Privy Council, figned by Six of the faid Privy Council.

III. Provided always, That from and after the Firft Day of After March 1 March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen the faid Perfons fo committed fhali have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes in any way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjefts of this Realm.

57 Geo. III.	O	IV. Pro-

relates to Treat'd], fufpended.

riot to be tried, &c. without fuch Order as afoie-iVid.

1818, Perfons committed to have the Benefit of the Laws,

Hosted by

Google

C. .55.

57" GEO. III.

Provilo for Privileges of Members of Parliament.

Indictments for High Treafon already found, to be tried.

Secretary of State may order Perfons committed for High Treafon, &c. to be removed to any other Gaol.

Perfons fo removed not to be deprived of Right to be tried or difcharged.

Continuance of Adi.

Act may be altered, &d this Seflion.

A.D.1817

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing in this A 61 fhall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprifonment or Detaining of any Member of either Houfe of Parliament during the Sitting of fuch Parliament, until the Matter of which he Hands fufpedted be firfl communicated to the Houfe of which he is a Member, and the Con-fent of the faid Houfe obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That any Perfon or Perfons in Prifon at the time of palling this Adi, againft whom any Bill or Bills of Indidtment for High Treafon have been already found, (hall and maybe tried on the faid Indidlment as if this Adi had never palfed.

4 VI. And Whereas divers Perfons are now in Cuflody on Charges 4 of High Treafon and Sufpicion of High Treafon, under Warrants 4 from One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State or from 4 His Majefty’s Privy Council, and it may be highly important 4 that fuch Perfons as have been or fhall be fecured and detained 4 on fuch Charges underand by virtue of fuch Warrant or Warrants 4 fhould be kept wholly feparate and apart from each other, fo as to 4 prevent all Communication between them and with other Perfons, 4 except fuch Communication as His Majefty may think fit to per-4 mit, and under fuch Reftridlions as may be advifable; and Doubts 4 may arife how far the Powers of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries 4 of State to change the Places of Confinement of Perfons fo com-4 mitted extend; and it is expedient to provide that the fame fhall 4 not be fo exercifed as to deprive the Perfons fo committed of any 4 Right to be tried or difcharged which they might refpedlively have 4 had if their refpedlive Places of Confinement had not been changed Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties in refpedl thereof be it further enabled and declared, That it fhall be lawful for One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, as he fhall fee Occafion, to order any Perfon committed to any Gaol or other Prifon on any Charge of High Treafon, Sufpicion of High Treafon or Treafonable Pradlices, either before or after Indidlment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prifon until difcharged by due Courfe of Law, and to ifiue all Warrants neceffary for fuch Purpofes : Provided always neverthelefs, that no Perfon who fhall be removed by any fuch Warrant as aforefaid fhall be by means of fuch Removal deprived of fuch Right to be tried or difcharged as fuch Perfon would by Law have been entitled to if not fo removed ; and in every cafe in which any fuch Perfon would have been entitled to have been tried or difcharged, if fuch Perfon had continued in the Gaol or Prifon to which fuch' Perfon was before committed, it fhall be lawful for fuch Perfon to apply to be bailed or difcharged in the fame manner as fuch Perfon might have done if fuch Perfon had remained in the Gaol or Prifon to which fuch Perfon was before committed as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That this A61 fhall continue in force until the Firfl Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That this A61 may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be made in this prefent

Seffion of Parliament.

C A P*

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 56.

195

CAP. LVI.

An Adi to amend the Laws in refpedt to forfeited Recognizances in Ireland.	[30th June 1817.]

c *1X7 HE REAS the feveral Adts of Parliament pafled from

*	VV time to time, to regulate and fecure the ColledHon of the 6 Sums arifing from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines im-6 pofed at Amzes, Seffions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol 6 Delivery, and Seffions of the Peace in Ireland, have been found

*	inefficient for that Purpofe ; and it is therefore expedient that the 6 faid Adts fhould be repealed, and that more effedtual Provifion

*	ffiould be made for the Recovery and Payment of fuch Sums and

*	Fines;’ Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Adi, the feveral Adis of Parliament hereafter recited ffiall be repealed; that is to fay, an Adt pafled in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s 27 G. 3. c. 32. Reign, intituled An Aft for the better Collection of His Majefty9s (0 Revenue arifing from forfeited Recognisances; an Adi pafled in the

faid Parliament, in the Twenty ninth Year of His faid Majefty’s 29 0.3. c. 28. Reign to amend the faid recited Adi of the Twenty feventh Year ; 00 an Adi pafled in the faid Parliament, in the Thirty fir ft Year of His 31 G. 3. c. 25. faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to difcharge fuch Recogni- 00 zances entered into for the Appearance and Profecution of Offenders, as were forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January in the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, and for more effectually ex-ecuting the Green Wax Procefs, fo far as the faid Aft of the Thirty frfl Tear of His faid Majefty9 s Reign relates to fuch Procefs ; an Adi pafled in the faid Parliament in the Thirty fecond Year of 32G.3.C. 25. His faid Majefty’s Reign, to explain, amend and render more effec- 00 tual the faid recited Adis of the Twenty feventh and Twenty ninth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, and to extend the Provifions thereof, and for enlarging the time for John Howard Kyan Efquire to account purfuant to his Recognizance, fo far as the faid Adi of the Thirty fecond Year relates to the Colledlion of forfeited Recognizances; an Adi pafled in the faid Parliament, in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3.0.50. Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the better 00 Collection of Sums arifing from forfeited Recognisances, and from Fines impofed at Affizes, Gommiffions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Seffions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the fame; an Adi pafled in the faid Parliament, in the Thirty ninth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, to amend the 39 G. 3. c. 67. faid Adt of the Thirty eighth Year ; an Adi pafled in the faid Par- 0 ) ilament, in the Fortieth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, to con- 40 G. 3. c. 30. tinue the faid recited Adi of the Thirty eighth Year of His faid 00 Majefty’s Reign, and to repeal and amend Part of the faid recited Adi of the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign ; and an Adi pafled in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty ninth 49 G 3. c.83. Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Amendment (U. K-) of the Laws now in force in Ireland, relative to Perfons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cafes, in Cuflody under any Fine, or

O 2	under

Hosted by Google

198	C.	56.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817.

under fuch Recognizances; and the faid recited Adts are hereby repealed accordingly ; fave fo far as the fame refpedtively repeal any former Acft or A<fts of Parliament, or any Claufe, matter or thing therein ; and fave as to any Proceeding in any cafe wherein any Procefs of the Pipe fhali have actually iflued under the faid A6fs, or any of them, previous to the Commencement of this A6f, and the Colle6lion and Application of the Fines and forfeited Recognizances in any fuch cafe ; and fave fo far any of the faid Adts purport to difcharge any Recognizance theretofore forfeited.

AURecogni-	II.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Com-

zances fliall fpe- mencement of this Aft, every Recognizance taken in Ireland by jieS> or before His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench there, or by or Refidence of the before His Majefty’s Chief Juftice of the faid Court of King’s Parties bound. Bench, or by or before any of the Juftices of the faid Court of King’s Bench, or by or before any Juftice or Juftices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or by or before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, either at their Seflions of the Peace or other-wife, or by any Magiftrate or other Perfon lawfully authorized to take the fame, fhali contain the Name and Addition of the Perfon or Perfons refpedtively thereby acknowledging himfelf, her-felf or themfelves refpedtively to be bound, and the Name of the Townland, Parifh and Barony or Half Barony, or Town or City, and Street therein, (if in a County of a Town or City,) in which the ufual or a6tual Place or Places of Refidence of fuch Perfon or Perfons becom- Perfons is or are refpetftively fituated; and all and every Perfons ing Bail or giving or Perfon who fhali hereafter come before His Majefty’s faid Court Surety for keep- Qf XCing’s Bench, or before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the (ball make Oath	Court, or before any fuch Juftice or Juftices of Oyer and Ter-

as herein men-	miner or Gaol Delivery, or before any Juftice or Juftices of the

tioned.	Peace, either at their Seflions of the Peace or otherwife, or before

any Magiftrate or other Perfon lawfully authorized to admit to Bail, in order to give Bail or be bound for the Appearance of any Perfon or Perfons charged with any Crime or Crimes, (which Perfon fo charged fhali by Law be entitled to Bail,) or for keeping the Peace, fhali refpe&ively make Oath in one of the Forms here following, or in fome other Form of Words to the like Import and Effect refpec~ tively ; that is to fay, if fuch Perfon fhali refide in a County at large, in this Form ; (to wit,)

*	T A. B, do fwear, That I am a Houfeholder, and have a Houfe

*	wherein I ufually refide, at	in	the	Parifh of

6	Barony	or Half Barony of	and

4 County of	and that I fupport and maintain myfelf

4 by	and that I am worth the Sum of \here

c infert double the Sum in which he or foe is to be bound] over and 4 above all my juft Debts.

* So help me GOD/

And if fuch Perfon fhali refide in a County of a City or Town, the Words 4 refide at’ and from thence to 4 County of’ fhali be omitted ; and inftead thereof, thefe Words fhali be inferted ; (to wit,) 4 reading in [naming the Street, Square, Lane or Place] in the Parifh of and County of the City or Town of	f

Oath annexed to and every fuch Oath fhali be annexed to or be written on the fame or written on the Piece of Paper or Parchment with the Recognizance, and fhali be

figned

Hosted by Google

A.D.181JT.

57° GEO. IIL

C .56.

13 T

figned by the Perfon making the fame, and attefted by the proper Jurat of the Court, Judge, Juftice, or other Perfon taking the fame as aforefaid, and fhall be fufficient in lieu of all and every Oaths and Oath required by any Law in force in Ireland to be taken by any fuch Surety.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to require the Perfon or Perfons charged with any Crime, and for whole Appearance any Recognizance fhall be about to be entered into, or any Perfon or Perfons who fhall become perfonally bound to keep the Peace, or any Perfon or Perfons who fhall or may hereafter become bound for the Profecution of any Perfon or Perfons charged with any criminal Offence, to take fuch Part of the faid Oath as relates to fuch Perfon or Perfons being a Houfeholder, or to his, her or their being refpe&ively worth the Sum or Sums of Money for which he, fhe or they is and are refpe&ively about to be bound, over and above all their juft Debts ; but every fuch laft mentioned Perfon and Perfons fhall, in like manner and form refpe&ively, make Oath as to the Place, Parifh, Barony or Half Barony, and County, and the Town or City and Street therein, (if in a County of a Town or City,) in which he, fhe or they ufually or actually refide.

IV.	And be it further enaffed, That all and every Juftice and Juftices of the Peace, and all and every Magiftrate and other Perfon lawfully authorized to take Recognizances, who fhall hereafter no* gle£t or refufe to return the Recognizances taken before him alone, or before him and any other Magiftrate or Perfon or Perfons fo authorized to take the fame, in manner hereinafter mentioned, or fhall neglect or refufe to infert in any Recognizance taken before him, folely or with any other or others as aforefaid, the proper Name and Names and Addition or Additions of the Perfon or Perfons entering into the fame, according to the Provilions of this A6I, or fhall negleft or refufe to adminifter the Oaths refpe£fively herein before directed and appointed to be adminiftered in manner fo directed, fhall for every fuch NegleCt or Refufal (in addition to fuch Sum as the Judge or Judges of Aflize may think fit at the refpedtive Aflizes to impofe upon any fuch Juftice and Jultices of the Peace, or fuch Magiftrate or other Perfon aforefaid, by way of Fine for fuch NegleCt or Refufal) forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered againft him by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, by any Perfon or Perfons who will profecute or fue for the fame ; wherein no EfToign, Protection or Wager of Law fhall be allowed, or more than One Imparlance fhall be granted.

V.	And be it further enaCJed, That the feveral Clerks of the Crown and Peace throughout Ireland fliall, on the Fir ft Day of every Term next enfuing the time of holding any Commifilon of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Seffions of the Peace refpeCtively, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, return to the Comptroller of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, diftinCt Eftreats of fuch Recognizances as aforefaid as fhall have been forfeited, and fuch Fines as fhall have been impofed thereat refpeCtively ; (fave only fuch Fines as fhall have been impofed on Perfons aCtually committed to impri-fonment by the Court impofing fuch Fine, and for the fame Offence

O 3	for

fame Paper with Recognizance.

Principals charged and bound to appear, or to keep the Peace, or to profecute Offenders, fhall he fvvorn only to their Refidence*

Juftices, Scc. neglecting to return Recognizances, or to infert Names, &c. or to adminifter the faid Oaths,

Penalty.

Clerks of the Crown and Peace in Ireland, on the Firft Day of Term after Seffions, &c. to return to Comptroller of the Pipe in the Exchequer, Eftreats of Recognizances forfeited and Fines impofed. Exception.

Hosted by Google

198

C. 56.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Cleiks of Nifi Prius to make Returns.

Return of Effects of forfeited Recognizances and Fines (Fall foecify the Names and the Refidence of the Parties.

Oath by the leveral Clerks returning Eftreats in l’erfon.

Form of the Oath.

for which fuch Fine /hall have been impofed ;) and that the feveral Clerks of Nifi Prius in Ireland /hall alfo, on the Firft Day of every E after and Michaelmas Term, in like manner return to the faid Comptroller of the Pipe Eftreats of all Fines (fave as aforefaid) which /hall have been impofed at the feveral Sittings of Nifi Prius held in and for the City or County of Dublin, and at every Afiizes in every County, and County of a City or Town in Ireland; and if in any of the faid cafes there /hall be no fuch Eftreats, then the faid feveral Perfons /hall in every fuch cafe make return accord-ingly.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the Commencement of this Adi all Clerks of the Court of King’s Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Nifi Prius, and others to whom it belongs to make Returns of Eftreats into the Exchequer, /hall make the faid Returns to the Comptroller of the Pipe ; and that every Return of any Eftreat or Eftreats /hall be made fo that the fame /hall contain as well the Name and Addition of the particular Perfon or Perfons refpedtively. who are thereby returned as having their Recognizances forfeited and eftreated, or having had Fines impofed upon them in the refpedtive Courts from whence the faid Returns are or /hall be refpedtively made and eftreated, as alfo the Name of the Place where fuch Perfon or Perfons ufually refide, together with the Name of the Townland, Pari/h and Barony or Half Barony, and County or Town, or City and Street therein (if in a County of a Town or City), in which fuch Place or Places ol Refidence is or are refpedtively iituated.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the Commencement of this Adt, all Clerks of the Court of King’s Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of Afiize or of Nifi Prius, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, and others to whom it belongs, or /hall or may belong, to make Returns of Eftreats into the Exchequer, fhall, upon Delivery of fuch Eftreats to the Comptroller of the Pipe, when the fame /hall be fo delivered by them in Perfon refpedtively, take the Oath following ; (that is to fay,)

*	T	do fwear, That thefe Eftreats now by

*	me delivered are truly and carefully made up and examined, 4 and that all Fines, I/Tues and Amerciaments, Recognizances and ‘ Forfeitures, which were fet, loft, impofed or forfeited, and in right

*	and due Courfe of Law ought to be eftreated into the Court of 4 Exchequer, are, to the beft of my Knowledge, Underftanding and ‘ Belief, therein contained ; and that in the fame Eftreats are alfo ‘ contained and expreffed all fuch Fines as have been paid into the c Court from which the faid Eftreats have been made, without any e fraudulent or wilful Difcharges Omiflion, Mifnomer or Defecft i whatfoever; and that, in thefe Eftreats now by me delivered, the ( Names and Additions of the feveral Perfons refpedtively mentioned 4 therein, together with their refpedlive Places of Refidence, and 4 the Parifhes, Baronies, Half Baronies and Counties, and Town 4 and City, and Street therein, in which fuch Places of Refidence 4 are refpedtively fituated, are truly and faithfully fet forth according 4 to the beft of my Knowledge, Underftanding and Belief.

• So help me GOD.’ Which

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

5r GEO. III.

C, 56.

199

Form of Oath of Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, where they cannot deliver the Eftreats into the Exchequer in Perfon.

Which faid Oath the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any One of them, are and is hereby required and empowered to adminifter from time to time accordingly,

VIII. And be itl further ena&ed, That the Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, to whom it belongs to make Returns of Eftreats into the Exchequer, if it ftiall not be convenient to them to deliver fuch Eftreats into the Court of Exchequer in Perfon, fhall and may, in the Place of the faid Oath, take and fubfcribe the Oath following ; (that is to fay,)

4 J	do	fwear,	That	thefe	Eftreats	now

4 by me fubfcribed are truly and carefully made up and exam-4 ined, and that all Fines, Iflues and Amerciaments, Recognizances 4 and Forfeitures, which were fet, loft, impofed or forfeited, and in 4 right and due Courfe of Law ought to be eftreated into the Court 4 of Exchequer, are to the beft of my Knowledge, Underftanding 4 and Belief therein contained ; and that in the fame Eftreats are 4 alfo contained and expreffed all fuch Fines as have been paid into 4 the Court from which the faid Eftreats have been made, without 4 any fraudulent or wilful Difcharge, O million, Mifnomer or DefedI 4 whatfoever; and that I will not erafe or alter, or caufe or con-4 fent to be erafed or altered thefe Eftreats or any Part thereof;

4 and that, in thefe Eftreats now by me fubfcribed, the Names and 4 Additions of the feveral Perfons therein mentioned refpe&ively,

4 together with their refpedtive Places of Refidence, and the Pa-4 rifhes, Baronies, Half Baronies, and Counties, or Town, or City,

4 and Street therein, in which fuch Places of Refidence are refpec-4 tively fituate, are truly and faithfully fet forth according to the 4 beft of my Knowledge, Underftanding and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.*

Which faid Oath a Commiflioner for taking Affidavits in the faid Court of Exchequer is hereby empowered to adminifter from time to time in the Prefence of Two Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Oath fhall be taken ; and the faid Commiflioner and Juftices fhall fubfcribe the faid Oath, and the faid Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace fhall, in the Prefence of the faid Com-miffioner and Juftices, carefully feal up the faid Eftreats in a Paper Cover, and fhall affix his Seal thereto; and the faid Commiflioner and Juftices fhall alfo affix their Seals thereto ; and the faid Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace fhall caufe the faid Eftreats, fo fealed up, to be carefully delivered to the Comptroller of the Pipe in the faid Court of Exchequer.

IX.	And be it further eria&ed, That from and after the taking By whom only,

of the faid Oaths refpe&ively, the Fines and Recognizances therein a^tcr fuch Oaths, referred to refpe&ively fhall not be reduced, mitigated or altered by	Tay	be

any Court or Judge, or by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fave re uce *

only by the Commiffioners of Reducements, or in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

X.	And be it further enadled, That the Eftreats fo to be delivered Eftreats not re-from the faid Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace in man- ce^ed Comp-ner laft mentioned fhall not be received by the Comptroller of the pw,e unlefsOath Pipe, unlefs, at the time of delivering the fame. Oath fhall be made made that they in the faid Court, or before One of the Barons thereof, (which Oath have not been the Barons of the faid Court, or one of them, are and is hereby au- opened or alter-

O 4*	thorized	ed*

Hosted by Google

200

C. 56.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

On the lad Day bf every Term, Comptroller of the Pipe to deliver to the Court of Exchequer in open Court a Lift of all Pei tons bound to return any Eilreats, &c.

What fuch Lift is tofpecify, and Procedings thereon.

Comptroller and

Solicitor

neglecting,

Attachment and Penalty 50I.

Comptroller of the Pipe to iffue to Sheriff Second Summons for levying Fines, &c.

All Eftreats on which no Procefs of the Pipe fhall have iffued, to be delivered to Comptroller,&c.

thorized and required to adminifter,) by the Perfoii who fhall have received the fame from the faid Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, for the Purpofe of delivering the fame to the faid Comptroller of the Pipe, that the Eftreats or any of them have not been opened or altered fince the fame were fo received for the Purpofe aforefaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the laft Day of every Term the Comptroller of the Pipe fhall at the fitting of the Court of Exchequer deliver in open Court to the Chief Baron, or in his Abfence to the fenior Puifne Baron prefent, a Statement in Writing of all the feverai Officers and Perfons by whom any fuch Eftreats ought to have been returned in the faid Term as aforefaid, and fhall therein fpecify particularly which of fuch Perfons have or hath duly made fuch Returns, and which of them have or hath neglected or omitted to make fuch Return, and fhall, if required by the faid Court, verify fuch Statement on Oath in open Court.; and fuch Comptroller of the Pipe fhall on the faffie Court Day of each Term deliver a Copy thereof to the Solicitor for the cafual Revenue, who {hall enter, as of courfe, a Rule for a Fine of Twenty Pounds againft every Perfon mentioned in fuch Statement as having negledled or omitted to make fuch Return, unlefs fuch Perfon fhall make fuch Return within Four Days if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, and within Ten Days if in any other Part of Ireland ; and the faid Solicitor for the cafual Revenue fhall at the Expiration of fuch time refpedlively make fuch Rule abfolute as of courfe, and fhall thereupon iflue an Attachment againft fuch Perfon as of courfe, and without further Notice; and if any fuch Comptroller fhall negledt or omit to deliver in fuch Statement as aforefaid, or fhall omit therefrom the Names of any Perfon who ought to be included therein, or fhall make any falfe Statement therein, not being required to verify the fame on Oath, or fhall omit to furnifh fuch Copy as aforefaid to the Solicitor of the cafual Revenue ; or if the Solicitor for the cafual Revenue fhall omit to enter or make abfolute fuch Rule, or to iffue fuch Attachment, fuch Comptroller and Solicitor for the cafual Revenue refpedlively fhall be punifhed for fuch Omif-fion or Neglect by Fine and Attachment at the Difcretion of the faid Court, and fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and levied by and under the fummary Order of the Court, by any Perfon who fhall duly apply for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That the Comptroller of the Pipe fhall, on every fuch Return of Eftreats, iffue the Second Summons of the Pipe for the levying of all Sums of Money contained in fuch Eftreats, fave as aforefaid, out of the Goods, Bodies and Lands of the refpective Debtors named in fuch Procefs; and fuch Procefs fhall be diredled to the feverai Sheriffs of Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns and Diftridts refpedlively, in which the feverai Debtors appear refpedlively to refide.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Eftreat and Eftreats which at the Commencement of this Adt fhall remain or be in any Office of or in the faid Court of Exchequer, other than the Office of the Comptroller of the Pipe, and on which no Procefs of the Pipe fhall have adtually iffued, fhall be then forthwith delivered over to the Comptroller of the Pipe, who fhall caufe the Procefs of the Pipe, and all fubfequent Proceedings, according to the manner and Form and for the Purpofes prefcribed by this Adi, to be iffued

and

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO. III.	C.56.

and had on all fuch E(treats fo delivered over to him, and alfo on all Eftreats which (hall then remain or be in his Office, and whereon no Procefs of the Pipe (hall have previoufly iffued.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That fuch Procefs (hall be iffued by the Comptroller of the Pipe within Ten Days after the End of every Hilary and Trinity Term, and (hall be returnable on the firft Return Day of the next Hilary Term, and fuch Procefs (hall and may from time to time be renewed and iffued as often as Occa-fion (hall require; and fuch Comptroller fhall caufe every fuch Procefs to be delivered to the Sheriffs refpe£tively to whom the fame fhall be dire&ed, without any unneceffary Delay.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral Sheriffs, to whom fuch Procefs (hall be directed, (hall have the fame Powers to levy the Debts therein to be comprifed, and in executing fuch Procefs, whether by fummoning and empannelling Juries, or holding Inquiries upon the feveral Matters aforefaid, or in any other way, as Sheriffs in Ireland had by Law in fuch cafes previous to the paffing of the faid A6ls fo hereby repealed refpe&ively.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That every fuch Sheriff fhall, in the firft Place, refort to the Goods of every Perfon againft whom any fuch Procefs (hall be iffued, for the levying thereout of the Debts due by them refpe£tively, or fo much thereof as fuch Goods (hall be fufficient to anfwer ; and (hall not in any cafe refort to the Body or Lands of any fuch Perfon, if fuch Debts can be leyied out of his or her Goods.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That there (hall be allowed to every fuch Sheriff the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight pence on every Twenty Shillings which (hall have been adlually levied by him for or in refpeft of any forfeited Recognizance, in lieu of all other Allowances in that refpedt ; and the like Sum on every Twenty Shillings for which any Perfon or Perfons (hall have been taken by fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs for or on account of any Recognizance forfeited ; and a Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence on every Twenty Shillings which (hall have been adftually levied by him for or in refpedt of any Fine in fuch Procefs as aforefaid ; and a like Sum for every Twenty Shillings for which any Perfon or Perfons fhall have been a&ually. taken by fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs, under fuch Procefs as aforefaid, for or in refpedl of any Fine.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Sheriff fhall, at every Affizes within their refpedlive Jurifdi£tions, return to the Juftices of Affize a Certificate containing the Flames of the feveral Perfons in their Cuftody refpedlively, under any Procefs iffued for or by reafon of any Fine or Fines impofed, or any Recognizance or Recognizances forfeited, at any antecedent Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, Affize or Nifi Prius, within fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, and who were in their Cuftody at any time during the then next preceding Affizes for fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, or have been fince committed to them ; and (hall alfo at every General Seffions of the Peace return to the Court a like Certificate of Perfons committed under any Procefs iffued for or by reafon of any Fine or Fines impofed, or Recognizance or Recognizances forfeited, at any antecedent Seffions of the Peace for fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, and who were in their Cuftody at any time

during

201

When fuch Procefs to be ilTucd and made returnable.

Sheriffs to have the ufual Powers of levying.

Sheriff to levy on Goods before retorting to Body or Lands of Debtor.

Allowance to Sheriff on Levy or Arreft.

Sheriffs to return to Jultices of Affize, &c. a Certificate of Names of Pri-foners.

Hosted by Google

20i

C.5G.

57n GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Gaoler to verify Fuch Certificate on Oath.

Certificate and Affidavit annexed to Eilreats.

Sheriff, chargeable with Suras for which Prisoners were committed.

In what cafe Sheriff exonerated by Order of Difcharge from Exchequer, &c.

Poundage to Sheriff.

In cafe of falfe Return to Writs, although not wilful, Court may fine Sheriff or Under Sheriff on Application.

Cofts of Application.

during the next preceding Seflions of the Peace, or at any time fince ; and every fuch Certificate as aforefaid fhall fet forth the times when fuch Perfous were refpedtively committed to Prifon, and the Sums for which they were fo in Cuftody, and whether any and which of fuch Perfons then remain in their Cuftody, and if fo, how long fuch Perfons refpedtively have been in actual Confinement for fuch Caufe, and if not then in Cuftody, then by what Authority and at what time they were refpedtively difeharged ; and the Gaoler of every fuch Sheriff fhall verify the faid Certificate by Affidavit, to be fvvorn before fuch Juffices of Aflize, or in cafe of a Return to the Seflions, before any Two Juffices of the Peace (which any Two Juffices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required in fuch cafe to adminifter) ; and fuch Certificate and Affidavit fhall be lodged with the Clerk of the Grown of the County, or if at Seflions, with the Clerk of the Peace, who fhall annex the fame to the Eilreats of all forfeited Recognizances returned by them refpedtively purfuant to this Adt.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That all Sheriffs in whofe Cuflody any fuch Perfons as aforefaid fhall be as aforefaid fhall be chargeable with all Sums for which fuch Perfons were fo in Cuftody refpedtively, in the fame manner as they are now by Law chargeable for Fines on Perfons convicted of any criminal Offences and committed to them for fuch Fines, and the Comptroller of the Pipe fhall iffue his ufual Procefs againft fuch Sheriffs for the fame accordingly.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That where any Perfon for whom any Sheriff or Sheriffs fhall have become chargeable as aforefaid fhall not remain in the Cuftody of fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs, then fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs fhall, upon his or their producing an Order of the faid Court of Exchequer in any cafe, or of Juffices of Affize, or of a Court of General Seflions of the Peace in cafes cognizable by them refpedtively for the Difcharge of any fuch' Perfon, be exonerated from the Sum for which fuch Perfon fo difeharged was committed.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That no Sheriff fhall have, receive or be entitled unto any Benefit of Poundage or Allowance under or by virtue of this Adi, unlefs fuch Sheriff fhall pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the Courfe of the Court, the Sum with which he (hall be chargeable.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That if any Sheriff fhall, for want of exercifing due Diligence, make a falfe Return, not knowing the fame to be falfe, with refpedt to any of the Perfons mentioned in the faid Writs or Procefs which fhall be diredted and delivered to him, that it fhall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the Court in that Behalf, to inquire fummarily into the Truth of the Charge, and if they fhall find that the fame is true, to fine the Sheriff, by or in whofe Name finch Return fhall have been made, or his Under Sheriff, in a Sum equal to the full Amount of the Sum which the faid Sheriff was by the Writ or Procefs ordered to levy of the Perfon with refpedl to whom fuch falfe Return fhall have been made, together with the full Cofts of fuch Application, and to enforce the fame by Attachment againft fuch Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, as the Court fhall judge expedient.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Perfon employed in levying or colledting any

1	3	°f

Hosted by Google

A.D-1817*

57° GEO* III.

C .56.

203

of the faid Debts or Sums of Money, (hall aik or take or receive any Fee, Gift, Gratuity or Reward whatfoever, of the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, nor of any other Perfon, for or upon Pretence of fach levying or collecting, or for or upon Pretence of forbearing to levy or collect the fame, or any Part or Proportion thereof; and in cafe any Sheriff fhall nihil or not duly anfvver to the Crown any Debt or Sum of Money which fhall have been levied, collected or received by him, fuch Sheriff for every fuch Offence fhall forfeit Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, and double the Sum nihiled and not duly anfvvered as aforefaid, to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors ; which faid Damages and Penalty fhall be ordered, decreed and given by the Court of Exchequer, on Complaint and Proof of fuch Abufe as aforefaid, made and exhibited before the Barons of the faid Court, in fuch fummary Way and Method as to them fhall feem meet ; and in cafe any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Perfon fo employed as aforefaid, fhall demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Gift, Gratuity or Reward of any Kind whatfoever, or any Security, Promife or Engagement of or for any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Gift, Gratuity or Reward of any Kind whatfoever, be the fame more or lefs, of any Perfon whomfoever, for or in refpeCt or upon Pretence of executing any Green Wax Procefs of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or for or in refpeCl or upon Pretence of Fees due to them, or any of them, for collecting or receiving the fame, or for not executing or for delaying to execute any fuch Procefs or any Warrant iffued thereon, or fhall accept of a lefs Sum upon Account, or in Payment or Difcharge of any fuch Procefs or Warrant than as in fuch Warrant or Procefs is mentioned; then and in all and every fuch cafe, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully conviCted, (hall be deemed guilty of Extortion ; and every Perfon, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, fhall Forfeit for every fuch Offence, to the Party aggrieved in fuch Procefs or Warrant, the Amount of the Sum ordered to be levied by fuch Procefs or Warrant, and double the Sum fo extorted, together with full Cofts of Suit, to be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the fuperior Courts of Record in Dublin.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Exchequer to award and order in a fummary Way, to every or any Perfon or Perfons. charged in fuch Procefs, fuch Damages, Penalties and Cofts, not exceeding the Amount aforefaid refpeCtively, as fuch Court fhall think reafonable ; and thereupon fuch Offender fhall not be liable to any ACtion or Indictment for fuch Offence; and every fuch Order and Award fhall have the fame EffeCt and Force, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any other Order of the fame Court; and the faid Cofts, Damages and Penalties fhall be raifed and levied by fuch Procefs, Ways and Methods as are ufed in the faid Court to enforce a Compliance with any other Order of the fame Court.

XXV.	And be it further enaCled, That it fhall and may be lawful, from and after the Commencement of this ACt, for all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall hereafter forfeit any Recognizance or Recognizances, or incur any Fine or Fines, or againft whom any Eftreat or Eftreats fhall or may hereafter iffue, by virtue of this ACI or other wife, and who fhall find himfelf, herfelf or themfelves refpeCtively

Sheriffs, See. not to receive Fee for levy ing or forbearing to levy.

Sheriff nihiling or neglecting to anfvver to the Crown for any Sum adtually levied.

Penalty.

Sheriff,Sec. taking Fee or Gift on executing or forbearing to execute any Green Wax Procefs.

Penalty.

Court of Exchequer may award Damages to Party charged in a fummary Way.

Parties aggrieved by Forfeiture of Recognizance, See. may appeal to Commiffion-ers of Reduce-ments, who may remit Penalties.

Hosted by Google

204

C. 56.

57 GEO. III.

A.D.

Per Cons obtaining Order for Relief from fuch Commiflioners to ferve the lame on Comptroller of the Pipe, who is to file the fame.

Poundage on Sums reduced paid to ShtrifiF by Perfon obtaining Order of Reducemont.

Coutt of Exchequer or Affize or Seffions may relieve Parlies in Cufiody.

Order thereon filed, an Acquittance to Sheriff.

Orders at Stf-fions to be made with Concur-

fpe&ively aggrieved thereby, to go before His Majefty’s Comrnif* oners of Reducements, who are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into the refpe&ive Circumftances of the cafe in a fummary manner; and if they {hall fee fufficient Reafon fo to do, it (hall be lawful for thefaid Commiffioners to remit the Whole or any Part of fuch Recognizance, Fine or Eftreat, as they {hall think fit.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if fuch Perfon or Perfons {hall fo have gone before His Majefty’s faid Commiffioners in manner aforefaid, and that they fhall have thought fit altogether to remit or partially to reduce the Sum or Sums contained in the faid Recognizance or Recognizances, Fine or Fines, Eftreat or Eftreats, then and in that cafe the faid Perfon or Perfons who (hall refpetftively have obtained an Order of the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe {hall, within Six Days from the time of obtaining the fame, ferve the faid Order upon the Comptroller of the Pipe, or bis known Deputy, at his Office in Dublin; and the faid Comptroller of the Pipe is thereupon required to file the fame in his Office, and not to iffue Procefs thereon, or to iffue fuch Pro-cefs according to the Terms of the faid Order, as the cafe may require.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That in cafe any fuch Fines and Recognizances which {hall be fo reduced or mitigated by His Majefty’s Commiffioners of Reducements, {hall have been actually levied by any Sheriff, and not paid by him into the Exchequer, that then and in every fuch cafe no Allowance {hall be made for Poundage on the Debit of any fuch Sheriff for any fuch reduced Fines or Recognizances, but that the Poundage or Allowance, provided as aforefaid, on inch Fines and Recognizances refpe£tively* fhall be paid to fuch Sheriff by the Perfon in whofe Favour or for whofe Benefit the Order of Reducement fhall be made, which {hall be fo expreffed in fuch Order, and every fuch Sheriff may accord-ingly deduct the faid Poundage upon repaying the Sums fo levied.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who {hall hereafter be in the Cuftody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs under any of the Provifions of this AC! for the Non Payment of any Sum or Sums, fhall petition His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in any cafe, or the Judges of Affize upon the refpe£tive Circuits, or the Court of General Seffions of the Peace in the cafes directed to be certified to them refpeCtively as aforefaid, the faid Court of Exchequer, and the faid Judges of Affize and Court of General Seffions of the Peace refpeCtively fiiall examine into the FaCts of the faid Petitions refpeCtively in a fummary manner ; and it fiiall be lawful for the faid Court of Exchequer and Judges of Affize and Court of General Seffions of the Peace refpedively to grant an Order or Warrant (as the cafe may be) under their Hands to dif-charge any Perfou or Perfons fo in Cuftody, and petitioning them refpe&ively as aforefaid, if they fiiall refpeCtively fee fufficient Reafon fo to do ; which Order or Warrant, upon being filed with the Comptroller of the Pipe, fiiall refpeCtively be an Acquittance to the faid refpe&ive. Sheriffs for the Sum and Sums for which the Perfon or Perfon9 fo difeharged was or were in Cuftody.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That no fuch Order or Warrant of the Court of General Seffions of the Peace Jhall be valid mnlefs made with the Concurrence and under the Hand of the Affift-

ant

Hosted by 3Qgle

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.

205

Sec.

Petitioners in County Gaol may be removed to the Bridewell of any Town where the Sef-fions are held.

&c.

ant Barrifter of the County in which fuch Court of General Sefiions rence, &c. of Af-fhall be, or in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, unlefs fifont Barrifter, made with the Concurrence and under the Hand of the Recorder.

XXX.	And in order that all Perfons who (hall be entitled to petition any fuch Court of General Sefiions as aforefaid may be enabled fo to do, be it enatfted, That whenever the General Sefiions of the Peace for any County in Ireland (hall be held in any City or Town of fuch County, other than that in or near to which the County Gaol (hall be, the Sheriff of fuch County fhall at any time, not more than One Week before the Firft Day of fuch Sefiions, and he is hereby required to caufe each and every Prifoner in fuch Gaol, who fhall be entitled to petition fuch Court, and fhall defire the fame, to be removed at the Expenfe of fuch Perfon to the Bridewell of fuch Town where fuch Sefiions fhall be fo held, and to detain them refpedtively therein fo long as may be neceffary for the Purpofes of fuch Petition ; and, before the End of One Week from the laft Day of fuch Sefiions, to caufe fuch of them as fhall not be difeharged to be removed again to the County Gaol.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That if the Petition in any fuch In cafes of afieg-

cafe fhall allege the Poverty or Inability of the Petitioner to pay the ecl Poverty of Amount of the Sum or Sums for which he or file fhall be fo in	1 uire

Cuftody, the Court or Judge, in examining into fuch Petition, fhall jfp^tioner^can-inquire whether fuch Petitioner may not be of Ability or have the not pay Part of Power to pay and difeharge fome and what Part or Proportion of the Sum due, the Sum or Sums for which he or fhe (hall be fo confined ; and fuch Court or Judge (hall not on the faid Ground of Poverty or Inability order fuch Petitioner to be fo difeharged, except on the Payment of fuch Part or Proportion of fuch Sum or Sums as he or fhe may fo have the Power to pay and difeharge ; and if fuch Petitioner fhall have been a Surety in a forfeited Recognizance, then the Court or Judge fhall alfo inquire when and by what Means fuch Perfon became unable to pay fuch Amount; and unlefs fuch Court or Judge (hall be fatisfied that fuch Inability arofe without Fraud, Contrivance or wilful Default, after the time of entering into fuch Recognizance, fuch Court or Judge fhall not order that fuch Perfon be difeharged until after the End of Four Calendar Months at the lead from the Commencement of his or her Imprifonment under fuch Procefs.

XXXII. And be it further enabled, That in any cafe in which fuch Petitioner fhall have been fined, or fhall have been the Principal in any Recognizance in which he or fhe fhall be fo in Cuftody, fuch Court or Judge fhall alfo inquire into the Nature of the Offence for which fuch Fine fhall have been impofed, or of the Charge in con-fequence of which fuch Recognizance fhall have been entered into, and under what Circumftances the fame was forfeited ; and in cafe fuch Petitioner {hall be fo in Cuftody under any Recognizance to anfwer or appear to any Charge, and fhall after the Forfeiture of fuch Recognizance have been tried and acquitted of fuch Charge, fuch Court or Judge fhall inquire whether on fuch Trial all the Witneftes for the Profecution attended and were examined; and if .not, then whether by the Forfeiture of fuch Recognizance the Attendance of any fuch Witnefs was in any refpecSl prevented ; and if fuch Petitioner (hall be a Surety, then fuch Court or Judge fhall inquire whether fuch Surety ufed due Diligence to make the Principal

amenable

In what cafe not to difeharge fuch Perfon until after Four Months.

Where Petitioner is the Party fined, or is the Principal in any forfeited Recognizance, tlie Court Hull inquire into all the Circumftances of the cafe before granting Relief.

Hosted by Google

206

Order valid.

Clerks of the Crown and Peace, at Termination of the Aflizes or Sef-fions, to poft a Lift of Recognizances forfeited, Sec. and deliver Copy coTreafurer of County.

Infpe&ion thereof. Clerk of the Crown, &c. offending,

Penalty 5I.

Provifo for Rights of Corporation to Fines.

Sheriff, See. on A6tion may plead General Iffue.

C. 56.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817*

amenable to the Law 5 and in all and every of fuch cafes the faid Court or Judges or Judge of Aflize fhall have full Power and Authority, if they or he fhall think proper, to order the Difcharge of fuch Petitioner, either generally or after fuch Length of time as fuch Court or Judges or Judge in his or their Difcretion fhall think ht, having refpetl to the Circumftances of the cafe, and the Length of time that fuch Petitioner fhall have been in Cuftody previous to the making of fuch Order, and to the Object and PurpoTes of this A61; and fuch Order in fuch Form fhall be good and valid to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace throughout Ireland fhall, within Three Days after the Termination of the feveral Aflizes or Seflions of the Peace refpedtively in every County, County of a City, and County of a Town, caufe to be polled on the Door of the Court Houfe or Seflions Houfe of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town where fuch Aflizes or Seflions were held, and if fuch Seflions were held in any Place other than the County Town, then alfo on the Door of the Court Houfe in fuch County Town, a true Lift, figned and fubferibed by fuch Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, of all the Recognizances forfeited and Fines eftreated at fuch Aflizes or Seflions refpedtively, fpecifying the Names, Defcriptions and Refidences of the Perfons againft whom fuch Eftreats fhall have been made ; and fhall alfo deliver or tranfmit to the Treafurerof the County, County of a City or Town in which fuch Aflizes or Seflions were holden, a Copy of fuch Lift; and fuch Treafurer fhall permit all Perfons to infpe£l fuch Copy who fhall apply for that Purpofe at his Office at any reafonable time of the Day ; and if any Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace fhall omit or negledl to caufe fuch Lift to be polled as aforefaid, or to deliver or tranfmit a Copy thereof to the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City or Town, fuch Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in a fummary manner before any One Juftice of the Peace of fuch County, County of a City or Town refpe&ively.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend to deprive any Corporation, or any Perfon or Perfons, of any Rights which they now have under their refpe&ive Charters or Patents, to any Fine6, Amerciaments or Recognizances whatfoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That if any A6lion upon the cafe, Trefpafs, Battery or Falfe Imprifonment, fhall be brought, againft any fuch Sheriff as aforefaid, or any other Perfon or Perfons, who in his Aid or Afliftance, or by his Commandment, fhall do any thing touching his aforefaid Office, or for or concerning any Matter, Caufe or thing by them or any of them done by reafon thereof, it fhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch A&ioii to plead thereunto the General Iffue of not guilty, and to give the Special Matter of Evidence to the Jury who fhall try the fame ; and if upon fuch Trial a Verdidl fhall be had for fuch Defendant or Defendants, or if the Defendant or Defendants fhall have Judgment upon Demurrer, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein fhall be non-fuifced or Fuffcr any Difcontinuance thereof, that in every fuch cafe

Hosted by Google

A.D.181.7*

57° GEO. III.

C.56, 57.

207

the Defendant or Defendants fhall have his or their Treble Cofts, which he or they fhall have fuftained by reafon of fuch Action or Suit, for which the faid Defendant or Defendants fhall have the like Remedy as in other cafes where Cofts by Law are given to the Defendant.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That this A<51 may be amended, altered or repealed during the prefent Seflion of Parliament.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this A£t and every Claufe and Provifion therein contained fhall commence and have Effetft on and from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and not fooner.

CAP. LVII.

An A£l to empower His Majefty to fufpend Training, and to

regulate the Quotas of the Militia.	[30th	June 1817.]

4 IT THE RE AS it is expedient that His Majefty fhould be em-< YV powered to fufpend the calling out the Militia for the 1 Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, and alfo to caufe the 4 Quotas of the feveral Counties to be regulated Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Order or Orders in Council, to fufpend the calling out of the Militia of the United Kingdom, or any Part of the United Kingdom, or of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed in any Year, and to order and diredl that no training or exercifing of the Militia of the United Kingdom, or of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of any County or Counties, Riding or Ridings, Shire or Shires, Stewartry or Stewartries, City or Cities, Town or Towns or Place or Places, fpecified in any fuch Order or Orders in Council, fhall take place in any Year; any thing contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 II. And Whereas by an Adi pafled in the Forty fecond Year c of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled /In A8 for amending i the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting c the Militiay the Quotas of the Militia of the feveral Counties,

4 Ridings, Shires, Cities, Towns and Places in Great Britain were c fpecified, and Providons made for fettling and afeertaining other c Quotas at Periods fpecified in the faid Adi ; but the Quotas fpe-* cified in the faid Adi have fince remained and continued, but may 4 require to be regulated before the Expiration of the next Period 4 fpecified in the faid Adi; and it is therefore expedient that His 4 Majefty fhould be empowered to caufe the Quotas of the Militia 4 to be regulated when the fame may become neceffary Be it therefore enadled, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty to order and diredl that the Quotas of the feveral and refpedtive Counties, Ridings, Shires, Cities, Towns and Places in Great Britain, fhall be afeertained, fettled, appointed and fixed by His Majefty’s Privy Council, in the Manner fpecified in the faid Acft, if His Majefty fhall deem it neceffary, before the Expiration of the next Period fixed

Treble Cofts.

Aft may be amended, &c. this Seftion.

Commencement of Aft.

His Majefty may fufpend the training and exercifing the Militia.

42 G. 3. c. 90.

His Majefty rnay order Quotas of Militia of Great Britain to be fixed before the Expiration of the next Period fpecified ir. recited Aft.

Hosted by Google

208

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

C.57.

in the faid Ad for fettling and afcertaining fuch Quotas; and all fuch Quotas, when fo afcertained, fettled, appointed, and fixed in purfuance of any fuch Order of His Majefty, {hall be deemed to be Quotas afcertained, fettled and fixed under the Provifions of the faid Ad ; and all fuch Proceedings fhall be had thereon, for the Purpofe of giving Effed thereto, and apportioning the fame refped-ively among the Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divifions of each County, Riding, Shire, City, Town or Place, and the feveral Pari flies, T.ithings and Places therein refpedively, in like manner in any refped, and all Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Provifions, Claufes, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Militia of Great Britain fhall be ufed, applied and enforced for giving effed to fuch Quotas and xYpportion-ments, and carrying the Laws relating to the Militia into Execution in relation thereto, in like manner in every refped, and as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Quotas had been afcertained, fettled and fixed at any Period fpecified in the faid recited Ad ; any thing contained in the faid recited Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Militia, to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 III. And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether Officers, Ser-4 jeants or other Perfons enlifting Men to ferve the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, are fubjed to 4 the Penalties, Forfeitures and Provifions contained in the faid re-* cited Ad of the Forty fecond Year aforefaid, in relation to en-4 lifting into His Majefty’s other Forces Men enrolled or engaged 4 to ferve in the Militia ; and whether Militia men fo enlifting or 4 Militia men offering themfelves to ferve for any other Parifh or 4 Place than the Parifh or Place for which they are firft enrolled,

4 are within the Provifions of the faid Ad contained in relation to 4 offering to be enrolled in any other Regiment, Battalion or Com-4 pany of Militia ;* For Remedy whereof be it declared and enaded, Enlifting Militia- That every Officer, Serjeant or Perfon who fhall wilfully or know, men for the Eaft ingly enlift any Man to ferve the United Company of Merchants of India Company s £ngJanJ trading to the EaJl Indies, who at the time of fuch enlifting fhall be enrolled or engaged to ferve in the Militia, fhall be and be deemed to be within the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, and fhall be fubjed to the Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained for enlifting Militia men to ferve in His Majefty’s other Forces ; and that every Militia man offering to enlift to ferve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the EaJl Indies, who fhall deny to the Officer, Serjeant or other Perfon recruiting Men for fuch Service, that he is at the time of fuch offering a Militia man, or who fhall offer himfelf to be enrolled and be enrolled as a Militia man for any other Parifh or Place than the Parifh or Place for which he fhall be then enrolled and ferving, although in the fame Regiment, Battalion or Corps, fhall be fubjed and liable to the Provifions in the faid Ad contained for the Punifhment and fubfequent Service of Militia men offering to enlift in His Majefty’s other Forces, or to be enrolled and ferve in any other Regiment, Battalion cr Corps of Militia ; any thing in the faid recited Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

4 IV. And Whereas by Two Ads paffed in theForty fecond Year 4 of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, relating to the Militias of England

4 and

Service,

Penalty. Militiamen offering to be enrolled for another Pariftt.

Puniftiment.

Hosted by

Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

G 57, 58.

209

c and Scotland refpe&ively, the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and

4 Drummers to be appointed to the Militia, when not in adiual Ser-

< vice, was fixed at the following Proportions ; that is to fay. One

i Serjeant and One Corporal to every Thirty Private Men, and One

‘ Drummer to every Company, with the Addition of One Drummer

6 to each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confifting of

4 more than Five Companies : And Whereas it is expedient that His

4 Majefty fhould be empowered to diminifh thofe Numbers Be it

further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Number of Scr-

Order or Orders figned by His Majefty's Secretary of State, to di- jeants, Ccrp&rnls

red that the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to be	Drurnmeis

retained in the Militia on permanent Pay, when not in actual Service,	J	111

/i i c n	i	.	~	^	i	/~\	^	.	tJi6 AUlitia on

mail be as follows ; that is to lay, One Serjeant and One Corporal pay wj1en noc jn

to every Forty Private Men, and One Drummer for every Two actual Seme*.

Companies, with an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank

Company of Regiments or Battalions confifting of Five or more

Companies.

CAP. LVIII.

An Aft to allow Briti/h Goods to be exported direft from this Country to the United States of America upon the fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country.

[30th June 1817.]

*	TXT^EREAS by a Convention of Commerce between Great Convention bc-

4 W Britain and the United States of America, figned at Lon- tween.G. B. and 4 don on the Third Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and 4 fifteen, in Article the Second it is provided amongft other Matters,

4 that no higher or other Duties or Charges be impofed in either of 4 the Two Countries on the Exportation of any Articles to His 4 Britannic Majefty's Territories in Europe or to the United States 4 refpe&ively, than fuch as are payable on the Exportation of the like 4 Articles to any other Foreign Country; And Whereas by an Aft 4 palled in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, in- 56 G.;3 c. t j.

4 tituled An Adt to carry into Ejfe& a Convention of Commerce con- 5 4 eluded between His Majejly and the United States of America, it is 4 enacled, that upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of 4 any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or 4 Manufafture of the faid United Kingdom, or any of His Ma-4 jelly's Territories in Europe, direct to any of the Territories of

•	the United States of America, in any Ship or VefTel built in the

4 faid States or condemned as Prize there, and being owned by 4 Subjefts of the faid States, and whereof the Mailer and Three 4 Fourths of the Mariners are alfo Subjefts of the faid States, no 4 higher or other Duties fhall be paid or payable than fuch as are 4 charged or impofed upon fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize when 4 exported in a Britijh built Ship or Veil'd navigated and regiftered 4 according to Law: And Whereas it is expedient that the faid 4 United States of America fhould be placed, with refpett to the 4 Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of 4 Great Britain exported thither, on the fame Footing as when the 4 fame are exported to any other Foreign .Country .whatever	Be it

therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and v/ith the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

57 Geo. III.	P	and

Hosted by Google

210

C.5S, 5ljo

57° GEO. III.

From 3 July 1815, the fame Duties payable on Exportation of Britiflr Gooes to America as are payable on the like Exportation to any Foreign Country.

Where a greater Duty lias been paid the Treasury fhall caufc it to be repaid.

Continuance of A£t.

27 G. 3. t.26.

§ 1.

25 G. 5. c.51. § 4-

44 G. 3. c. 98.

§ 1, 2. and Sch.

(B.)

42 G, 3. c. 100.

A.D.1817.

and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Third Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen the fame Duties fhall be paid or payable on the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufadlure of Great Britain, exported diredl from thence to any Port or Place within the Territories of the United States of America in BritiJh built Ships owned, regiftered and navigated according to Law, or in Ships built in the United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned by Subjects of the faid States, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners are alfo Subjedls of the faid States, as are or fhall be payable on the like Exportation to any other Foreign Country whatever.

II.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majelly’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed, in all cafes where a greater Duty has been charged and paid on the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, to the United States in manner afore-faid, than has been paid on the Exportation to any other Foreign Country, to caufe the fame to be repaid.

III.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi fhall continue in force fo long as the Convention between His Majefty and the United Slates of America fhall continue in force.

CAP. LIX.

A11 Ail for letting to Farm the Pofl Horfe Duties, and for better fecuring and facilitating the Recovery of the faid Duties.	[30th	June	1817.]

4 XT7 HE REAS by an Adi patted in the Twenty feventh Year 4 VV of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An AB to enable 4 the Lord High Treafurery or Commifiioners of the Treafury for the 4 time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an AB made in the 4 Twenty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefiy’s Reign on Horfes let to 4 Hire for travelling Pofi and by time, to fuch Perfons as Jhould be 4 willing to contraB for the fame, the Commifiioners of the Treafury 4 were empowered to let to Farm the feveral Duties on Horfes let 4 to Hire therein particularly fet forth and mentioned to have been 4 granted by the faid Adi of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty's 4 Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, under certain 4 Regulations and Reflridlions expreffed and contained in the faid 4 Adt of the Twenty feventh Year of His Majefty's Reign : And 4 Whereas by an Ait patted in the Forty fourth Year of His Ma-4 jetty's Reign, intituled An AB to repeal the feveral Duties under 4 the Commifiioners for managing the Duties upon Jlamped Vellum, 4 Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and 4 additional Duties in lieu thereof the feveral Duties granted by the 4 faid Adi of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty's Reign on 4 Horfes let to Hire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain 4 Cafes by an Adi patted in the Forty fecond Year of His Majefty's 4 Reign, Lor enlarging the-time for which Horfes might be let to 4 Hire without bein^ fubjedl to any annual Duty, and other Pur-

4 poles,

Hosted by Google

A,D. 1817%

57° GEO. III.

C. 59.

21)

4 pofes, were repealed ; and in lieu thereof it was enafled, that from 4 and after the Tenth Day of Oftoler One thoufand eight hundred

*	and four, there fhould be raifed, levied, collefled and paid unto 4 His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, the feveral Duties follow-4 ing; (that is to fay,) For and in refpeft of every Horfe, Mare 4 or Gelding hired by the Mile or Stage, to be ufed in travelling 4 in Great Britain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every

*	Mile fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding fhould be hired to travel.j 4 and for and in refpeft of every Horfe, Mare or Gelding hired for a 4 lefs Period of time than Twenty eight fuccefiive Days, for drawing

*	on any public Road any Coach or other Carriage ufed in travel-

*	ling Poll or otherwife, if the Diftance at the time of hiring fhould 4 be afcertained, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile 6 fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding fhould be hired to travel ; and for fi and in refpeft of every Horfe, Mare or Gelding fo hired as laft c above mentioned, in any cafe where the Diftance fhould not at the 6 time of hiring be afcertained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine 4 pence for each Day for which fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding fhould 4 be fo hired, with an Exception of Horfes, Mares and Geldings 4 ufed in licenfed Hackney Coaches, where the fame fhould be em-4 ployed to go no greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the City of 4 London or JVeJlminJleri or the Suburbs thereof; which Paid feveral 4 Duties are now feeured, raifed, levied and collected by and under 4 the Provifions and Regulations of the faid Afts of the Twenty 4 fifth and Forty fecond Years of His Majefty’s Reign relating to.

4	the faid Duties fo repealed as aforefaid, and . by and under the

4	Provifions and Regulations of another Aft palled in the Forty	48	G.	3.	r. 98.

' eighth Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft for letting 4 to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or Stage to he ufed 4 in travelling, and on Horfes hired for a lefs Period of time than 4 Twenty eight Days for drawing Carriages ufed in travelling Poft or ' otherwife, in Great Britain, and for better fecuring the faid Duties ;

4 and by and under the Provifions and Regulations of another Act,

4	pafled in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An	51	G.	3.	c.	76.

4	Aft for letting to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or

4 Stage to be ufed in travellings and on Horfes hired for a lefs Period 4 of time than Twenty eight Days for drawing Carriages ufed in

4	travelling Pojl or other wife, in Great Britain, and for facilitating

5	the Recovery of the faid Duties; and alfo by and under the Pro-

4 vifions and Regulations of another Aft, pafled in the Fifty fourth 54 G< 3- r- r74> 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft. for letting to Farm 4 the Poft Horfe Duties: And Whereas the faid Duties granted by 4 the faid Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, iiv 4 refpeft of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner afore -4 faid, are now let to Farm under the Authority of the faid Aft 4 pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for a Term 4 of Years which will expire on the Thirty firft Day of January One 4 thojufand eight hundred and eighteen : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the faid Duties fhould be let to Farm for a further 4 Term, and that other Provifions Ihould be made for better fecuring 4 and facilitating the Recovery of the laid Duties, in lieu of thofe 4 contained in the faid Afts of the Forty fecond, Forty eighth, Fifty 4 firft and Fifty fourth Years of His Majefty’s Reign May it therefore pleafe Your Majeftyv that it may be enafted ; and be it

5	2 .	enafted

Hosted by Google

C. 59.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

VI2

i’tcafuiy may let to Farm tile Duties on Horlcb, &c. granted by -44 G.3. c. 98.

Piovifo as to Term.

Powers and Provisions of 27 G. 3, c. 26. in force with regard to the Duties to be let t o Fprm under viiir

Treafury may prefcribe time 3or making De-yufit bv Perfons contracting to farm the Duties, at'd Amount riie reef.

Control or failing.

Contract void and Depokt tor-feittdj and Du-a:'. *n again.

enacted by The King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament allembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it lhall be lawful for the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time as it fhall be neceflary, either by themfelves or by the Commillioners of Stamps in Great Britain, or fome of them, to be authorized for that Purpofe under the Hands of the laid Commillioners of the Treafury, or; any Three or more of them for the time being, to let to Farm the faid feveral Duties granted by the faid Adi of the Forty fourth Year of His Majelly’s Reign, for and in refpedl of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforefaid, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be willing to Farm the fame after the Expiration of the prefent Leafes thereof, in fuch feparate and particular Diftridts, and for fuch term or time as fhall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and fubjedl to the Regulations and Reftridlions contained in the faid Adi of the Twenty feventli Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm, fo far as the fame are applicable, and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the faid Duties fhall be let to Farm for any longer term or time than until the Thirty firH Day of January inclufive One thoufand eight hundred and twenty-one.

II.	And be it further enadled, That all the Powers, Provifions, Claufes, Regulations and Diredlions contained in and preferibed by the faid Adi of the Twenty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, fhall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Effedl with refpedl to the faid Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm, and to the Letting of the fame, and to the Farmers thereof, and to all other Perfons, Matters and things relating thereto, as far as the fame are or fhall be applicable, and not altered by or repugnant to the exprefs Provifions of this Adt, as fully and efTedtually as if the fame had been herein repeated and fpecially enadled with reference to the faid Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commillioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Commillioners of Stamps authorized as aforefaid, to preferibe the time for making a Depofit of a Sum of Money, and die Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Perfon who fhall be the bell Bidder for, and be declared the Farmer of any of the faid Duties hereby allowed to be farmed ; and in cafe any fuch Perfon fhall fail to make fuch Depolit at the time preferibed, or fliall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give Security for the Payment of the Rent and the due Performance of fuch Contradl, in the manner diredled by the faid Adi of the Twenty feventh Year of His Majelly’s Reign, within the time to be appointed for that Purpofe, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall. be lawful for the faid Commillioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Commillioners of Stamps authorized as aforeiaid, to declare the Bidding and Contract of fuch Perfon null and void, and his Depofit, if made, forfeited, and to caufe the Duties whereof he fhall have been declared the Farmer to be again

put

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817,	57° GEO. III.	C.	59.	213

put up, to be let to Farm purfuant to the Directions of this and the faid ACt of the Twenty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and fo from time to time as often as fuch Failure fhall be made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if the faid Power to let Duties arifing in any DiftriCt or DiftriCts fhall not be let to Farm at Duties by private the time to be fixed by Public Advertifeinent, purfuant to the Di- Contract, if not regions of this and the faid ACt of the Twenty feventh Year of *et '^lK l°n* His Majefty’s Reign, for want of a fufficient Bidding, it fhall be

.lawful for the faid Cornmiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Cornmiffioners of Stamps authorized as aforefaid, at any time afterwards to receive Propofals for farming fuch Duties, and to let the fame to Farm by Private ContraCt, for any Term or time not extending beyond the faid Thirty firfl Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the Cornmiffioners Cornmiffioners of Stamps in Great Britain for the time being, or the of Stamp* to demajor Part of them, from time to time, as Occafion fhall require, Pute Farrn~ to depute and appoint not only the Perfons who fhall become Q^other^rfons Farmers or Leflees of the faid Duties, and their Executors, Admi- t0 he Collectors, niftrators and Affigns, but alfo any other Perfon or Perfons, at the with full Powers Requeft and upon the Nomination, and for the Ufe of fuch Farmers as herein men* or Lefiees, or their Executors, Adminiflrators or Affigns, to be t,one<b Collectors of the faid Duties arifing within their refpeCtive DiftriCts,

with full Powers to grant the neceffary Licences to Perfons within the refpeCtive DiftriCts for letting out Horfes to Hire in the manner aforefaid, and to take Securities by 'Bonds from the Perfons to be licenfed, in the Name of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, with fuch Conditions as are required by the ACts relating to the faid Duties, and to receive the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, by the ACts relating to the faid Duties direCted and required to be delivered by Perfons letting Horfes to Hire in the manner aforefaid, within their refpeCtive DiftriCts, and the Money due thereon, and to ad-minifler the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter required to be made as to the Truth of the Accounts to be delivered by the Perfons licenfed under the faid ACts, and generally to execute and do all other the Powers, Matters and things touching the collecting, managing and enforcing the Payment of the faid Duties within and for their refpeCtive DiftriCts, which by the feveral ACts of Parliament relating to the faid Duties are given to and authorized to be done by any Colledor or Collectors of the faid Duties.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That notwithftanding any thing Regulation as to-to the contrary contained in an ACt of the Fifty fifth Year of His Stamp Duty on prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds Deputations, and other Inftruments in Great Britain, and for granting other Du- notwithftanding ties in lieu thereof, no Deputation or Commiffion to be hereafter ‘j^ed ^Parti granted purfuant to the faid hereinbefore mentioned ACts and this

ACt, or any of them, appointing any Perfon to be a Collector <of the faid Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforefaid, fhall be charged or chargeable with any higher <Stamp Duty than One Pound Fifteen Shillings.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the faid Regulation as Thirty firfl Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and to Date of Li-eighteen, all Licences for letting Horfes to Hire which fhall be cences for letting granted in purfuance of the faid hereinbefore mentioned ACts or Horfts t0 H,rc*

P 3	any

Hosted by Google

C. 59.

57° GEO. 111.

A.D.1817-

-1 -i

Repeal of Pro-vifions in

48 G.3.C.9S.

.51 G 3. c. 76 54 G. 3. c 174. for Recovery of Duties by 42 G. 3. c.ioo.

Provifions of as G. 3.C.51.

§ 19.

applied (Exception) to Hirings 1 or lefs than Twenty eight 'Days, and to Hirings tor Twenty eight Days or above.

any of them, between the Thirty firft Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year, ihall be dated on the Firft Day of February ; and all Licences for letting Horfes to Hire which ihall be granted in purfuance of the faid Ads or any of them, at any other time, ihall be dated on the Day on which the fame fhall be granted, and all fuch Licences refpedively fhall have efled and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty firft: Day of January following, both inclufive, and no longer.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, all the Regulations and Provifions contained in the faid hereinbefore mentioned iVds of the Forty eighth, Fifty firil and Fifty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for better fe-curing and facilitating the Recovery of the faid Duties granted by the faid Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in refped ot Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforefaid, and alfo all the Provifions of the faid hereinbefore mentioned Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, which by force of the faid Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign are now applicable to any of the fame Duties, (hall ceaie and determine as to all the faid Duties arifing after the faid Thirty firft Day of January, and as to all Matters and things to be done and performed in refped thereof.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the faid Thirty fir ft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, all the Powers, Provifions, Regulations and Diredion6, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in and impofed by the faid Ad or the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the railing, levying, colleding and fecuring of the Duties thereby granted for and in refped of Horfes hired for a Day or lefs Period of time, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Car-riage ufed in travelling Poll or otherwife, both where the Diftance to be travelled fhould be afeertained and where not, (fave and except the Provifion which declares that every Horfe hired for any lets Period than Two fucceflive complete Days (hall be deemed to be hired for a Day,) fhall, fo far as the fame ihall be confident with the exprefs Provifions of this Ad, be obferved, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the railing, levying, colleding and fecuring of the faid Duties granted by the faid Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for and in relped of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired for a lefs Period of time than Twenty eight fucceflive Days, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carnage ufed in travelling Poll or otherwife, both where the Diftance to be travelled Ihall be afeertained and where not refpedively, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been inferted and fpecially enaded in this Ad, with fuch Alterations and Variations as may be neceflary for applying the fame to the faid laft mentioned Duties and Hirings ; and that all the Powers, Provifions, Regulations and Diredions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and impofed by the faid Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with refped to Horfes hired for Two or more D^ys for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, Ihall, fo far as the fame ihall be confiftent

with

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.-59.

21 ■

with the exprefs Provifions of this Adi, be observed, applied, enforced and put into Execution with refpedt to Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired for Twenty eight fucceffive Days or above, for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been inferted and fpecially enadted in this Adi, with fuch Alterations and Variations as may be necelfary for applying the fame to Hirings of the De-fcription laffc mentioned.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid Com-miflioners of Commiflionersof Stamps fhall fupply all Perfons who (hall be licenfed to let Horfes Stamps to lupply to Hire in the manner aforefaid, with proper and convenient Tickets,

and the Toll Gate Keepers with proper and convenient Exchange xicket^ tc^be

Tickets, for denoting Hirings for any lefs Period of time than fiued Up and

Twenty eight fucceffive Days, both where the Diftance to be travelled ufed for denot-

fhall be afcertained and where not, all which Tickets and Exchange ing Hirings for

Tickets ffiall fpecify the Number of Horfes to be let to Hire as a ^fs Time than

heretofore ; and the Original Tickets fhall have Blanks to be filled	^ 1

up with the Day or Number of Days for which the Hiring fhall be what fuch

made, the Name of the Perfon letting to Hire, if not an Inn- Tickets to

keeper, or the Name of his or her Sign or Houfe if an Innkeeper, fpecify,

the Name of the Place of his or her Refidence, and the Month

and Year and Day of the Month when the Hiring fhall commence $

and alfo in cafes of Hirings to go to any certain Place or Places

and back, the Name or Defcription of fuch Place or Places, and

the full Number of Miles thither and back ; and alfo in cafes

of Hirings for Two or more Days, the Name and Place of Refidence

of the Perfon hiring the Horfe or Horfes; and the Exchange

Tickets fliall have Blanks to be filled up with the Number of

Days for which the Hiring fhall be made, the Name of the Town

or Place where the original Ticket fliall have been iffued, and the

Date thereof, and the Name of the Toll Gate and County where the

Exchange Ticket fhall be given ; and alfo in cafes of Hirings to

go to any certain Place or Places and back, the Name or Defcription

of fuch Place or Places, and the Number of Miles thither and back,

as the fame fhall be expreffed in the original Ticket, and alfo the

Name and Refidence of the Hirer if expreffed in the original Ticket

for which the Exchange Ticket fliall be given ; and all fuch Original

and Exchange Tickets fhall be filled up accordingly, and fhall be

delivered, fhewn and ufed by all Perfons concerned, in fuch and the

like manner as by the faid A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of His

Majefty’s Reign is dire&ed of and concerning the Original and

Exchange Tickets thereby required to be provided, delivered, fhewn

and ufed in cafes of or for denoting Hirings for a Day, and under

and fubjedt to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for every Refufal,

Negle£t or Omiffion as are thereby impofed.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiffioners of Commiflionersof Stamps fliall alfo fupply all Perfons who fhall be licenfed to let Stamps to fup-Horfes to Hire in the manner aforefaid with proper and convenient Pty Pr0Per Cer" Certificates, and the Toll Gate Keepers with proper and convenient (^eckVickets Check Tickets, for denoting Hirings for Twenty eight fucceffive to be filled up * Days or above not liable to the before mentioned Duties, which and ufed for de-Certificates fhall have Blanks to be filled up with the Number of noting Hirings Horfes let to Hire, the Number of Days for which the fame fhall

be hired, the Name and Refidence of the Perfon hiring, and of the	^S	°r

P 4>	Perfon

Hosted by Google

216 '

C.o9.

57® GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

When HoiTtis hired for any Period of time are given up before lime expires, Exchange Ticket, &c. to be delivered up to Farmer or Collector of Duties.

Perfons liceufed jrefufing, &c. to a tic for or deliver up the fame,

Penally iol.

Unduly ufing lame,

Penalty 50I.

Perfons falfely alleging hired Horfes to be their own, and not delivering proper Tickets at Toll Gates,

Ferfon letting to Hire, and the Month and Year and Day of the Month when the Hiring fhall commence ; and the Check Tickets fhall have Blanks to be filled up with the fame Particulars as the Certificates for which they fhall be given in Exchange, and with the Name of the Toll Gate and County where the Check Tickets fhall be given ; and all fuch Certificates and Check Tickets fhall be filled up accordingly, and fhall be delivered, fliewn and ufed by all Perfons concerned, in fuch and the like manner as by the faid A£t of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign is diredled of and concerning the Certificates and Check Tickets thereby required to be provided, delivered, fliewn and ufed in cafes of or for denoting Hirings for Two or more Days, and under and fubjedf to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for every Refufal, Negledl or Omiffion as are thereby impofed.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the faid Thirty fir It Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid fliall let to Hire any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, either for Two or more Days under Twenty eight, or for a Period of Twenty eight fucceffive Days or above, and the Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings fo let to Hire, fliall be given up and returned to the Perfon letting the fame before the Expiration of the time agreed for, the Perfon fo letting the fame fhall thereupon afk and receive of the Perfon fo returning fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket which he or fhe fliall have received in Exchange for the original Ticket or Certificate delivered to him or her on the Hiring of fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and fhall deliver up fuch Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket to the Farmer or other Collector of the aforefaid Duties, to whom he or fhe fliall be bound to deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts at the next time of delivering any fuch Account ; and if any Perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid fhall refuie or neglect to afk for fuch Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, or having received the fame fliall refufe or negledl to deliver up the fame to the faid Farmer or other Collector at the time aforefaid, he or (he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and if he or fhe fhall life fuch Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, or permit the fame to be ufed, or give out the fame to any Perfon for the Purpofe of being ufed to cover and protect any other Hiring whatever from the Duty payable by Law for the fame, he or file fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Hirer of any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, fhall not deliver or fhew at any Turnpike, Toll Bar or Bridge the proper Ticket, Exchange Ticket, Certificate or Check Ticket which he or file ought to do, purfuant to the Dire&ions of this A£t and the faid A&s of the Forty fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His Majefly’s Reign, or any of them, and fhall falfely allege the Horle, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, with which he or fhe fliall pafs fuch Turnpike, Toll Bar or Bridge, to be his or her own, or not hired, in order to avoid being flopped, or to avoid the Payment of the Sum which the Toll Gatherer there fhall be entitled to demand

in

Hosted by Google

A.D.1S17.

57° GEO. III.

C. 59.

in default of fuch Ticket, Exchange Ticket, Certificate or Check Ticket, being delivered or fhewn as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending fhali for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Surn of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty id.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the faid Carriages kept to Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and he let with eighteen, where any Perfon or Perfons who fhali be licenfed to let

Horfes to Hire in the manner aforefaid, in purfuancc of the faid (Exce°tion)^?re herein before mentioned A£ls or any of them, fhali keep any Car- t0 be numbered ; riage or Carriages ufed in travelling, to be furnifhed at the fame and the Number time with any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Plorfes, Mares or Gel- and Owner’s dings, by him, her or them let to Hire, by the Mile or Stage, Name, &c. to be (other than and except Hearfcs and Mourning Coaches ufed to under the Reeu~ attend Funerals, which fhali remain fubje£t to the fame Regulations lotions herein as heretofore,) he, {he or they fhali, before any fuch Carriage fhali mentioned, be fo furnifhed, caufe every Carriage kept by him, her or them for the Purpofe aforefaid to be numbered with a different Number, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards fuccefiively to the higheft Number of Carriages which he, fhe or they fhali fo keep; and fhali alfo mark or paint or caufe to be marked or painted, in one or more ftraight Line or Lines on the outfide Pannel of each Door of every fuch Carriage which fhali have a Door thereto, and on fome confpicuous Part of each of the Outfides of every fuch Carriage which fhali not have a Door thereto, his, her or their Chriftian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town or Place where he, fhe or they fhali keep fuch Carriages to be furnifhed as aforefaid ; and the Number of every fuch Carriage, in large and legible Characters and Figures, of Black or White, whichever fhali moft differ from the Colour of the Carriage whereon the fame fhali be marked or painted, each Letter to be at leaft One Inch in Length, and each Figure at leaft One Inch and an Half in Length, and both Letters and Figures to be of a proper Breadth in Proportion to the Length thereof refpeefively, and fhali continue the fame on every fuch Carriage as long as fuch Carriage fhali be kept for the Purpofe aforefaid, varying the Numbers on fuch Carriages from time to time as Occafion fhali require, fo as to make the fame correfpond with the aftual Number of fuch Carriages which he, (lie or they fhali then keep ; and if any Perfon or Perfons Negle&ing to fo licenfed as aforefaid fhali neglect or omit to number, mark or mark, or falfely paint any fuch Carriage in manner aforefaid, or paint or caufe to be mai'king Earmarked or painted thereon any falfe or fi&itious Name or Place, condnuhi^0 ° or any higher Number than the greateft Number of fuch Carriages Number on which he, (lie or they fhali then keep, or fhali keep Two or more Carriage, fuch Carriages with the fame Number marked or painted thereon, or fhali continue any Number upon any fuch Carriage after he, fhe or they fhali ceafe to keep a Number of fuch Carriages correfponding therewith, he, fhe or they fhali for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sura of Ten Pounds.	Penalty iol.

XV.	And be it further enacled, That from and after the faid Particulars to be Thirty lirft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and “ferted in eighteen, all and every Perfon and Perfons fo licenfed as afore- ^eekl°Ac-faid, fhali, inftead of the Particulars required by the faid (a) A& countsjinitead

(a) [2.5 G. 3. c. 51. § 27. but fee the Particulars required by 48 G. 3, c. 98. § 7. 9. injiead of the Particulars required by 25 G. 3. c.51. £ 27.]

of

Hosted by Google

5V GEO, 111,

A.D. 1817.

of the Pai oculars of

15 0,3. C.jl.

§27._

In cafes of Hirings by Mile or Stage.

In cafes of Hirings for any 'Time lefs than Twenty eight Days.

In cales of Hiring for Twenty eight Days or more.

In cafes of Hirings for any Period of time, when the Horles fhall be given up before the lime expires.

Neglect, fee. Penalty 20I.

C> 59,

of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majelly’s Reign to be in-ferted in. his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account, infert and fet forth therein the feveral Particulars following; (that is to fay,) whenever he, fhe or they fhall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage, any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to be ufed in travelling, the Number of Horfes, Mares or Geldings, fo let to Hire, the Number of Miles which the fame fhall be hired to go, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which the fame fhall be hired to go, the Month and Day of the Montr< and Week when the fame fhall be hired, the Sort or De-feription of every Carriage, if any, which he, fhe or they fhall furnifh, together with any fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and the Number of every fuch Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, and the Chriflian and Surname of every Poflillion or Driver employed therewith, and alfo the Amount of the Duty payable for and in refpeft of the fame, upon every fuch Hiring ; and whenever he, fhe or they fhall let to Hire for any Period of time lefs than Twenty eight fuccefiive Days, any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, the Number oi Horfes, Mares or Geldings fo let to Hire, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the fame fhall be hired, the Sort or Defcription of every Carriage, if any, which fhall be furnifhed therewith, and the Number of every fuch Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, the Chriflian and Surname of every Poflillion or Driver employed with fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the time for which the fame fhall be hired, and the Number of Miles which the fame fhall be hired to go or travel, and the Names of the Towns or Places from and to which the fame fhall be hired to go, where the Diflance fhall be afeertained, and alfo the Amount of the Duty payable for and in refpe6t of the fame upon every fuch Hiring; and whenever he, fhe or they fhall let to Hire for Twenty eight fuccefiive Days or more, any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, the Number of Horfes, Mares or Geldings fo let to Hire, the Month and Day of the-Month and Week when the fame fhall be hired, the Sort or Defcription of every Carriage, if any, which fhall be furnifhed therewith and the Number of every fuch Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, the Chriflian and Surname of every Poflillion or Driver employed with fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the time for which the fame fhall be hired, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon hiring the fame ; and he, fhe or they fhall alfo infert in every fuch Account a Memorandum or Notice of all Horfes, Mares or Geldings which fhall have been let to Hire by him, her or them, for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, either for Two or more Days under Twenty eight, or for Twenty eight fuccefiive Days or above, and which fince the'Date of his, her or their lafl Account fhall have been given up and returned to him, her or them by the Hirer, before the Expiration of the time agreed for ; and in cafe of any Refufal or Negledl to infert the faid feveral Particulars or any of them in any fuch Weekly Account as aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVI, And

Hosted by Google

A.D.1S17.	£7°	GEO.	III.	C.	59.

XVI.	And for preventing Frauds and Evafions of the laid Duties granted by the faid A6t of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, be it further enacted, That from and after the laid Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed as aforefaid fhall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to be ufed in travelling, and fhall charge the Perfon or Perfons hiring the fame a fpecific Sum of Money for the whole Stage or Diftance which the fame fhall be hired to go, and not after the ufual Rata per Mile, the Perfon or Perfons letting fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Plorfes, Mares or Geldings, fhall be accountable for One Fourth Part of the Sum of Money fo to be charged by him, her or them, as and for the Duty impofed by the faid A & of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign in fuch cafe, and fhall deliver to the Perfon or Perfons hiring fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, the like Stamp Office Ticket, as if the fame had been charged for per Mile, and fhall add thereto the fpecific Sum charged for the fame ; and the Perfon or Perfons letting fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, fhall alio enter in his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account One Fourth Part of the Sum fo to be charged as aforefaid, as and for the Duty payable in refpedt of fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and fhall pay the fame accordingly to the Colledlor or Colledtors who fhall be authorized to receive the faid Duties ; and if any fuch licenfed Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe or negledt fo to do, he, fhe or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIL And be it further enadled. That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Perfon and Perfons fo licenfed as aforefaid, who fhall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to be ufed in travelling, or ffiall let to Hire for any lefs Period of time than Twenty eight fucceffive Days, or for a Period of Twenty eight fucceffive Days or above, any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage ufed in travelling as aforefaid, fhall enter or caufe to be entered in his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account the feveral Particulars by this Aft required to be in-ferted therein, on the fame Day on which fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, fhall be fo let to Hire as aforefaid ; and in Default thereof, he, fhe or they fhall for every inch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enadfed. That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, inftead of the Oath or Affirmation required by the faid A6t of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be made by Perfons licenfed to let Horfes to Hire as to the Truth of their Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, the following Oath or Affirmation lhall be made and fubferibed by every Perfon fo to be licenfed as aforefaid :

4 J A. B. do fwear [or affirm, in the cafe of Quakers], That the i Stamp Office Weekly Account or Accounts now delivered 6 by me doth or do contain a juft and true Statement of all Horfes,

4 Mares

219

Perfons licenfed charging for Hcrics, let by the Mile or Stage, a fpecific Sum for the whole and not by the Mile, to pay One Fourth of Sum charged, asforDuty under 44 G.3. C.9S. and to deliver Tickets as in cafe of charging per Mile, and otherwife to a<ff as herein mentioned.

Penalty iol. Perfons letting Horfes to Hire as aforefaid, to make Entries in Stamp Office Weekly Account, on fame Day on which Horfes let.

Penalty 40:'.

Perfons licenfed to let Horfes to Hire to make Oath as to Truth of their Stamp Office Weekly Accounts.

Form.

Hosted by Google

C. 5

A.D.1817.

2JC

The laid Oath to be made before Collector.

Perjury.

How far 25 G. 3. c.51. §12. 44* to extend to Accounts by this Aft.

At what Places licenfed Perfons are to attend with their Accounts and pay Duties.

r>7° GEO. III.

4 Mares and Geldings which have been let to Hire by me or my

*	Servants, or on my Behalf, either by the Mile or Stage, with or

4 without a Carriage, or for any lefs Period of time than Twenty 4 eight fucceffive Days, for drawing any Coach or other Carriage 4 uled in travelling, from the	Day of

*	to the	Day	of	both inclufive, toge-

4 ther with the true Number of Miles in the cafes of Hirings by 4 the Mile or Stage, and the true Number of Days and Miles in the 4 cafes of Hirings by time, where the Diftance to be travelled was 4 afcertained, and the true Number of Days in the cafes of Hirings 4 by time where the Diftance to be travelled was not afcertained, 4 for which fuch Horfes, Mares and Geldings refpedtively were fo 4 let to Hire, and alfo the full and whole Duty due and payable by 4 me, or for which I am accountable or chargeable for or in refpeA 4 of fucb Horfes, Mares and Geldings fo let to Hire as aforefaid ; 4 and that the faid Account or Accounts doth or do alfo contain a 4 juft and true Statement of all Horfes, Mares and Geldings which 4 within the Period aforefaid have been let to Hire by me or my 4 Servants, or on my Behalf, for drawing any Coach or other 4 Carriage ufed in travelling, for the Space of Twenty eight fuc-4 ceffive Days or more, together with the true Number of Days 4 for which the fame were fo let to Hire in each cafe ; all which 4 faid Statements, matters and things, and all the other Particulars 4 contained in the faid Account or Accounts, fo far as regards my-4 felf and my own Adis, are true, and fo far as regards the Adis of 4 my Servants, or of any other Perfon or Perfons on my Behalf, 4 are true to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.?

Which faid Oath or Affirmation fhall be made and fubferibed before the Collector of the faid Duties authorized to receive fuch Account or Accounts, who is hereby empowered to adminifter fuch Oath or Affirmation; and if any Perfon making fuch Oath or Affirmation fhall knowingly arid wilfully make a falfe Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the matters to be therein fpeci-fied and fet forth, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, fhall be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjedl and liable to.

XIX.	And be it further enadled, That all the Regulations, Provifions, Diredfions, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and impofed by the faid Adi of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, relating to the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and to the Oath or Affirmation to be made in Verification thereof, fo far as the fame are not hereby altered or varied, fhall be deemed and taken to be in full Force, and to apply to fuch Accounts with the Alterations and Variations hereinbefore diredted to be made therein, and to the Oath or Affirmation hereby required to be made refpedling the fame as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enadled, That from and after the faid Thirty firfl Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, every Perfon fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, redding in the City of London or Liberty of Wejlminjlery or within Five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, or within the Bills of Mortality, fhall

attend

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 59.

221

attend and deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and pay the Duties for which he or ffie fhall be accountable, unto the Collector authorized to receive the fame, at fuch Place in London or Wejlminjler and at fuch time as fhall be appointed for that Pur-pofe by a Notice to be written or printed upon the Blank Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, which fhall from time to time be delivered to him or her by any authorized Collector of the faid Duties, for the Purpofe of making therein the Entries required by this A£t ; and every Perfon fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, not reading within Five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, or within the Bills of Mortality, fhall attend and deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and pay the Duties for which he or ffie ffiall be accountable, unto the Colle&or authorized to receive the fame, at fuch Place in the Market Towm in which he or ffie ffiall refide, or in the neareft Market Town to his or her Place of Refi-dence, if out of a Market Town, and at fuch time as ffiall be appointed for that Purpofe by a Notice to be written or printed upon the Blank Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, which ffiall from time to time be delivered to him or her by any authorized Collector of the faid Duties, for the Purpofe of making therein the Entries required by this A<Sf, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering fuch Account, and double the Amount of the Duties due and payable by fuch licenfed Perfon for the Non payment thereof.

XXL And be it further teria&ed, That if any Perfon or Per-fons, not being licenfed as aforefaid, ffiall, after the faid Thirty fir ft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horfe, Mare or Gelding to be ufed in travelling, or ffiall let to Hire for any Period of time lefs than Twenty eight fucceffive Days any Horfe, Mare or Gelding for drawing any fuch Coach or other Carriage as aforefaid, he, ffie or they ffiall be chargeable with and accountable for the Duty or Duties granted by the faid A61 of the Forty fourth Year of His Majelly’s Reign for and in refpedt of every Horfe, Mare or Gelding fo to be let to Hire, in fuch and the fame manner as if he, ffie or they had obtained fuch Licence as aforefaid, and had received fuch Duty or Duties of and from the Perfon or Perfons hiring fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, and ffiall from time to time, upon a Week’s Notice in Writing for that Purpofe given by any Cob ledtor of the faid Duties for the County, Diftridf or Place where he, ffie or they ffiall fo let any Horfe, Mare or Gelding to Hire as aforefaid, deliver to fuch Collector whenever by him requefted, after the Expiration of fuch Notice, a true Account in Writing, figned by him, her or them, of every Horfe, Mare and Gelding which he, ffie or they ffiall have let to Hire in the manner aforefaid, and ffiall not then have already accounted for, and of the mode and manner in which every fuch Horfe, Mare and Gelding ffiall have been let to Hire, and of the Duty or Duties payable in refpedt thereof, in fuch and the fame manner as is hereby required to be done by Perfons licenfed as aforefaid, and ffiall alfo verify fuch Account by Oath or Affirmation (to be adminiftered by fuch Collector), in like manner as licenfed Perfons are hereby required to do, and ffiall thereupon pay to fuch Collector the Amount of fuch Duty or Duties ; and in cafe of any Refufal or Negledft fo to do, then he, ffie

or

Not delivering Account, and not paying Duties, Penalty.

Perfons not licenfed accountable for Duties for Kories let to Hire by them the fame as if they had been licenfed.

Penalty

Hosted by Google

222

Provifo for Delivery of Account and Payment of Duty upon Notice and Requeft,

Duties not exceeding iol. may he recovered hy Difrrefs.

proceedings on Diftrek.

Houfe, Sec. may be broken open in the Day time by Collector for taking Diftrefs, calling to his Af-

C. 59.	67°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1817-

or they (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Founds for every Default in not delivering fuch Account verified as aforefaid, and double the Amount of the Duty or Duties which he, fhe or they fhall be then chargeable with for the Non Payment thereof: Provided always, that where any fuch Notice (half have been given and Requeft made for the Delivery of fuch Account as aforefaid, then, upon the Delivery of fuch Account and Payment of the Duty due thereon, in purfuance of fuch Notice and Requeft, and upon taking out fuch Licence or Licences as ought to have been taken out by him, her or them previoufly thereto, the Perfon or Perfons fo delivering fuch Account fhall be indemnified and difeharged from any Penalty or Penalties which he, fhe or they may be then liable to in confequence of having let to Hire any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, in the manner mentioned in fuch Account without having obtained fuch Licence as aforefaid.

XXII. And be it further enaCted, That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Perfon or Perfons liable to account for and pay any Duty or Duties granted by the faid ACt of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty's Reign, for and in refpeCt of any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, by him, her or them let to Hire aforefaid, fhall refufe or negleCt to account for and pay the fame, according to the Directions of the faid herein before mentioned ACts, or any of them, or of this ACt, to the Collector appointed to receive fuch Duties for the County, DiftriCt or Place where he, fhe or they fhall have let to Hire fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and fuch Duty or Duties fhall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, it fhall be lawful for fuch Collector, firft obtaining a Warrant for that Purpofe under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace refiding near the Place where any fuch letting to Hire fhall have been made, (which Juftice or Juftices, on Complaint made to him or them, fhall fummon the Party complained of, and the Witneffes on either Side, and examine into the Matter of FaCt, and fhall grant fuch Warrant, on due Proof being made of the Sum due and owing for fuch Duty or Duties as aforefaid, by the voluntary Confefiion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes,) to diftrain fuch Perfon or Perfons by his, her or their Goods and Chattels for the Amount of fuch Duty or Duties, and the Diftrefs fo to be taken to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Cofts and Charges of fuch Perfon or Perfons; and if he, file or they fhall not within that time pay the Amount of fuch Duty or Duties, with the Cofts and Charges of taking and keeping fuch Diftrefs, then the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained fhall be fold by fuch Collector, who fhall render the Overplus of the Money arifing by the Sale thereof, if any fhall remain, after deducting and retaining the Amount of fuch Duty or Duties, and the Cofts and Charges of taking, keeping and felling fuch Diftrefs, to the Perfon or Perfons fo to be diftrained as aforefaid ; and it fhall alfo be lawful for fuch Collector, for the Purpofe of taking fuch Diftrefs, to break open in the Day time any Houfe or Place where any Goods or Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be, being thereunto authorized by fuch Warrant as aforefaid, and calling to his Abidance a Conilable,

13	Tythingmau

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.5y.

Tythingman or Headborough of the County, Shire, Stewartry, finance a Ccn-

City, Town or Place where any Refufal or Refiftance fhall be	&c.

made, which faid Officers are hereby required to aid and affift

therein ; and that the leaving of the Summons to appear before fuch

Juftice or Juftices at the Dwelling Houfe or ufual or laft known

Place of Abode of the Party complained of, fhall be deemed a good

Service thereof.

XXIII.	And to prevent Doubts, be it further enabled and de- Duties nor to at-clared, That from and after the paffing of this A£t the faid herein- each on Horfes before mentioned Duties fhall not be. deemed to attach upon or be drawing Fjfh payable for or in refpedl of any Horfes, Mares or Geldings which

fhall be hired for drawing any Carts or Carriages kept or ufually but to attach

employed for the Conveyance of Fifh, or for or in refpeft of any Gn thofe drawing

Horfes, Mares or Geldings ufed in Chariots or other Carriages duly Hearfes.

licenfed by the Commiffioners of Hackney Coaches, where the fame

fhall be hired to go no greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the

City of London or Wejlminjler or the Suburbs thereof; but that

the faid Duties fhall be deemed to attach upon and be payable for or

in refpe<5t of Horfes, Mares and Geldings which fhall be hired for

drawing Hearfes, in the fame manner as thofe hired for drawing

Mourning Coaches or other Carriages.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Juftices of Pence Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and niaY caule Ronds eighteen, it fhall be lawful for Two or more Juft ices of the Peace

for any Divilion in Great Britain, to caufe the Diftances between Meafurement,

any Places in their Divilion and the Neighbourhood to be mea- being verified on

fured by fome proper Perfon or Perfons, who fhall be paid for Oath.

fuch Meafurement fuch Sum as fhall appear reafonable to the faid

Juftices out of the County Stock by the Treafurer of fuch County,

upon the Warrant of the faid Juftices ; and the Meafurement being

verified before the faid Juftices by the Oath of the Perfon or

Perfons making the fame, to publifh fuch Meafurement under the

Hand of the Clerk of fuch Divifion, Twice in fome Newfpaper of

the County for which fuch Juftices fhall a<ft ;• and from and after in what cafe '

fuch Publication, if any Perfon letting Horfes to hire fhall charge Port Matters

for a greater Number of Miles than fhall be fpecified in the Table forging for

of Diftances fo to be publifhed, if the Stage or Diftance for which ™?le M,les t,lan

any Horfe, Mare or Gelding fhall be hired fhall exceed Seven ea uremen 5

Miles, he or fhe fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum

of Ten Pounds.	Penalty 10!.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the faid Penalties how Thirty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and recovered, eighteen, all pecuniary penalties amounting to Ten Pounds or upwards, and not amounting to Fifty Pounds, impofed by this A61

or by the faid A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefly’s Reign, may be fued for, recovered and levied, either in the manner preferibed by that A£t with regard to Penalties amounting to Fifty Pounds, or in the manner thereby preferibed with regard to Pe* nalties not amounting to Fifty Pounds; and all pecuniary Penalties not amounting to Ten Pounds impofed by this A 61 fhall be fued for, recovered and levied in the manner preferibed by the faid A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to Penalties of the fame Amount.

XXVI.	And be it further eria6ted, That from and after the faid Application ot

Thirty PenaU,es'

Hosted by Google

C. 59.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

-24

Prosecutions for Penalties not to he commenced without Confent in Writing of Commiflioners of Stamps, and to be carried on by their Solicitor, See.

What Proofs in all be fufficient in Actions for Duties and Penalties.

Thirty firil Day of January One tboufand eight hundred and eighteen, ail pecuniary Penalties impofed by this Adi, and by the laid hereinbefore mentioned Adis or any of them, in anywiie relating to the faid Duties hereinbefore particularly mentioned, which (hall be fued for within Six Calendar Months after the fame fhall be incurred, fhall be divided and go in the manner following ; that is to fay, One Moiety thereof fhall go to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-cefiors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Colls of Suit, fhall go to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame ; and it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to inform and fue for the fame within the time aforefaid, nctwith-flanding the Provifions to the contrary contained in the faid Adi of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefly’s Reign, or in any other Adi or Adis ; and all fuch Penalties as fhall not be fued for within the time aforefaid fhall go and belong wholly to His Majeily, His Heirs and Succeffors.

XXVIL Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it fhall not be lawful for any Farmer of any of the faid Duties, or for any other Perfon or Perfons, to profecute for any fuch pecuniary Penalty in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Wejlminjler, or in Scotland, without having firfl obtained the Confent in Writing of the faid Commiflioners of Stamps,, or any Two of them, nor unlefs the Profecution for the fame fhall be carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps, or fome other Solicitor or Attorney approved of by the faid Commiflioners, or any Two of them; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners of Stamps, or the major Part of them, if they fhall think fit, to order the Proceedings to be flayed in any fuch Profecution, on Payment of Part only of the. Penalty incurred, with or without Coils, or on Payment only of the Cofls incurred in fuch Profecution, or any IPart thereof, as they fhall judge proper and expedient.

XXVIII. And be it further enadled, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it fhall not be neceffary upon the Trial or Hearing of any- Adlion, Suit or Profecution already commenced, or hereafter to be commenced for the Recovery of any of the faid Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired In the manner aforefaid, which are or fhall be let to Farm in purfuance of the faid Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign or of this Adi, or of any future Adi of Parliament, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties impofed by the faid herein before mentioned Adis or any of them, or by this Adi or any future Adi in anywife relating to the faid Duties, to produce the Inftrument whereby the Com-miHioners of Stamps in Great Britain or any of them" were or fhall be authorized by the Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Treafury to let to Farm the faid Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings, or any oF them, or to produce the Commifiion whereby the faid Commiflioners of Stamps were conflituted and appointed fuch Commiflioners, or to prove the Execution of any Contradl or Agreement whereby any of the faid Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings are or fhall be Jet to Farm, or of any Alignment of any fuch Contradl or Agreement, or of any Commifiion, Deputation or Authority whereby any Perfon or Perfons is or are or fhall be appointed a Collector or Colledlors of any of the fame Duties by the faid Commifiloners of Stamps, or any of them, or to prove the Signatures

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 59,60.

225

natures of the faid Commiffioners to any Confent to profecute for any fuch pecuniary Penalty as aforefaid : Provided always, that fuch Contract, Agreement, Aflignment, Commiflion, Deputation or Authority and Confent to profecute, (hall be produced on the Trial or Hearing of fuch Action, Suitor Profecution, and it fhall be made to appear that the Perfon or Perfons claiming under fuch Contrail, Agreement, Aflignment, Commiflion, Deputation or Authority, had in fa£t ailed as the Farmer or Farmers, Colleilor or Colleitors of the D uties therein mentioned and defcribed, or fome of them ; and that in every fuch cafe fuch Proof fhall be deemed and taken by the Judges or JuAlices before whom any fuch Trial or Hearing fhall be had, to be good and legal Evidence of fuch Perfon or Perfons being the Farmer or Farmers, Colle&or or Colle&ors of the Duties mentioned and defcribed in fuch Contrail, Agreement, Aflignment, Commiflion, Deputation or Authority, unlefs by other Evidence the contrary fhall be made to appear j any Law or Ufage to the con-trary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. LX.

An A£t to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England.	[7th	July	1S17.]

c TTFHEREAS it is expedient that certain Offices in the Court ‘ VV of Exchequer in England, not given or granted by the

* Lord Chief Baron or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any c or either of them, or by the Chief Juflice or Judge of either of

*	His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler, and certain Offices

*	in the Alienation Office, fhould be regulated ;’ Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after and upon the Termination refpec-tively of the prefent exifting Interefls in the undermentioned Offices, videlicet, King’s Remembrancer, Clerk of the Pleas, Clerk of the Pipe, Comptroller of the Pipe, Marfhal, Foreign Appofer, Surveyor and Receiver General of Green Wax, Lord Treafurer’s Remembrancer, Clerk of Foreign Eftreats, Clerk of the Nichells, Comptroller of Firft Fruits ; and in the Alienation Office Three Com-miflioners, the Receiver General, Two entering Clerks, Mailer in Chancery and the Solicitor of the Exchequer; and fo foon as the faid Offices refpedlively fhall become vacant by the Death, Relig-nation or Removal of the Perfon or Perfons now holding the fame, the Duties thereof refpedtively fhall be difcharged by the Officers refpe&ively appointed to hold the fame in Perfon, and not by Deputy ; and from time to time as any of the faid refpedlive Offices fhall become vacant as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commiffioners of His Majelly’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandr, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to regulate the Duties, Emoluments and Eftabliffiments of the faid refpe&ive Offices as they become vacant, fo as that the feveral Duties to be difcharged therein refpe&ively fhall be performed in Perfon,

57 Geo. III.	Q	and

Certain Offices, after the Termination of the prefent Interefts therein, to be executed in Perfon, and not by Deputy;

and as they become vacant, the Duties, Emoluments and Eftabliffiments to be regulated by the Treafury,

Hosted by Google

226

C. 60,61.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Fees at prefent charged to continue and to be applicable to Payment of Salaries, and the Refidue to make Part of the Con-Tolidated Fund.

and not by Deputy ; and for that Purpofe fhall appoint fuch and fuch Number of fit and proper Perfons as may be fufficient and neceffary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the faid Offices refpe&ively, as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners fhall deem fit, with fuch Salaries or Allowances as fhall be ordered and appointed by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them in that Behalf; Regard being had in every fuch cafe to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the feveral and refpe&ive Offices or Perfons executing the Duties of the faid Offices refpe&ively ; and all fuch Regulations, Appointments, Salaries and Allowances, when fo made and eftabli filed, fhall thereupon become and be in full Force and EfFe& in relation to the faid Offices refpe&ively ; any thing contained in any A& or A&s of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Ufage, Cuftom or Pra&ice to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, That any Fees at prefent charged or -chargeable for or in refpetft of any of the faid Offices, or received or receivable according to Law in any of the faid Offices refpec-tively, fhall continue to be received, and the fame fhall be applied in Payment of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances, authorized by this A6t to be granted or made in each of the faid Offices in which fuch Fees fhall be received ; and if any Balance of fuch Fees fhall remain, after paying and fatisfying fuch Salaries or Allowances refpe&ively, the fame fhall be paid by fuch Officer or Officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, once in every Three Months, into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer, and go to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. LXI.

An A£l to abolifh the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Juftices and Juftices in Eyre, North and South of Trent.

[7th July 1817.]

4 TTTHEREAS the Office of Warden, Chief Juftice and Juftice

*	VV in Eyre of His Majefty's Forefts, Chafes, Parks and War-4 rens North of Trent, and the Office of Warden, Chief Juftice and 4 Juftice in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forefts, Chafes, Parks and War-4 rens South of Trent, are Offices of confiderable Emolument, and 4 by reafon of the Difafforefting of many of the great Forefts, and 4 the enclofing of others of fuch Forefts, and the Regulations which 4 have from time to time been made relative to the Management of 4 the Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues of the Crown, and the 4 Rights appertaining thereto or conne&ed therewith, the efficient

*	Duties of the faid Offices have in a great meafure ceafed, and the 4 remaining Duties of fuch Offices may be otherwife provided for 4 without Prejudice to the Rights of the Crown ; and it is fhere-4 fore expedient that fuch Offices refpe&ively fiiould, upon the Ter-4 mination of the prefent exifting Interefts therein, be abolifhed May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by

10*	the

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 61,62.

227

the Authority of the fame, That the faid refpe&ive Offices of Wardens, Chief Juftices and Juftices in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forefts, Chafes, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent refpe&ively, fhall, upon the refpe&ive Terminations of the prefent exifting Inte-refts therein, be wholly abolifhed ; and from and after fuch Abolition all the Duties of fuch Offices refpe£tively fhall be performed by the Firft Commiffioner for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; and for that Purpofe all the refpe&ive Powers and Authorities belonging or appertaining to the faid Offices of Wardens, Chief Juftices and Juftices in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forefts, Chafes, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent refpe&ively, fhall, immediately upon the ceafing of fuch Offices refpedlively, become and be and remain veiled in fuch Firft Commiffioner for the time being, without any fpecial or other Appointment for that Purpofe or in that Behalf; and every fuch Firft Commiffioner for the time being fhall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to perform all fuch Duties, and for that purpofe to ufe and exercife all fuch Powers and Authorities, and enforce the fame by all fuch and the like Ways, Means, Suits and Proceedings, and do and perform all fuch A£ts, matters and things, as may be neceflary in that Behalf, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Firft Commiffioner had been duly and legally appointed to the faid Offices refpeClively, and was, in virtue of a legal Appointment, Warden, Chief Juftice and Juftice in Eyre of His Majefty’s Forefts, Chafes, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent refpeCtively; provided that fuch Firft Commiffioner fhall not be entitled to, or have, take or receive any Salary, Fee or Emolument whatever in refpeCt thereof.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the Salaries of the faid Officers fhall, upon the Termination thereof refpe&ively, make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and a Sum equal to the Amount of each of fuch Salaries fhall, upon fuch Termination of each of fuch Offices refpe&ively, be retained in the Exchequer as Part of the Confolidated Fund, and not iflued or carried to the Account of the Civil Lift ; any thing contained in any A£t or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary not-withftanding.

The Offices of Wardens, &c. abolifhed on Termination of exifting Interefts, and the Duties to be performed by the Firft Commiffioner of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ;

who is not to receive any Salary, Fee or Emolument.

Salaries of the abolifhed Offices to make Part of the Confolidated Fund.

CAP. LXIL

An A£l to abolifh certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in Ireland.	[7th	July 1817.]

1 TT7HEREAS the Offices in Ireland herein after mentioned

*	VV refpe£tively are Offices fome of which it is expedient to

*	abolifh, and with refpedl to others it is expedient to make Pro-« vifion for a more effectual and economical Execution of the Duties 1 thereof refpe&ively after the Termination of the prefent exifting

*	Interefts therein refpe£tively May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena6led by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Certain Offices and after and upon the refpe&ive Terminations of the refpe&ive in Ireland, on prefent exifting Interefts in each and every of the following Offices; Termination of

-	*	G 2	that	cxiftinglnterefts,

' abolifhed.

Hosted by Google

228

C. 62.

57® GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

The Records, fee of the faid Offices transferred to the Public Record Office, tinder Directions of Lord Lieutenant.

that is to fay. Surveyor General of Grown Lands ; Keeper of Records in the Bermingham Tower at Dublin; Keeper of the Records of Parliament; Clerk of the Paper Office ; and as each of the faid Offices fhall refpe&ively become vacant, upon the Termination of fuch prefent exifting Interefts, each and every of the faid Offices fhall be abolifhed; and the faid Offices fhall not, nor fhall any of them, from and after the paffing of this Aft, be grant-ted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and the faid Offices are hereby, from and after the refpeftive times when the fame fhall refpeftively become vacant, wholly abolifhed.

II. And be it further enafted, That all Records, Maps, Books and Papers whatfoever, now in the Cuftody, Power or Poffeffion of the faid before mentioned Officers, or any of them, or of any of their Clerks or Deputies, fhall upon the refpeftive Terminations of the prefent exifting Interefts in each and every of the faid Offices refpeftively, be removed, transferred and delivered to the Office or Offices, Place or Places appointed or to be appointed for the pre-ferving and fecuring of the Records of Ireland; and (hall from thenceforth be there fafely kept and preferved according to the 'Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-

Lord Lieutenant, either before or after the Termination of exifting Interefts, may order fueh Records to be removed into the faid Office.

Certain oilier Offices abolilhed on Termination of- exifting Interefts.

Salary, fee. (Exception) of certain Office*

vernors of Ireland for the time being ; and it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time either before or after the Termination of the prefent exifting Interefts in any of the faid Offices hereby abolifhed, to order and direft that all fuch Records, Books, Maps and Papers fhall be removed, transferred and delivered into the faid Record Office or Offices, and the fame fhall then be forthwith removed, transferred and delivered accordingly; and it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to give fuch Orders and Direftions for the fafe Cuftody, Prefervation and Arrangement of the faid Records, and of all or any other Records relating to Ireland\ as to fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fhall at any time feem fitting and expedient.

III.	And be it further enabled, That from and after and upon the refpeftive Terminations of the refpeftive exifting Interefts in each and every of'the following Offices; that is to fay, Accountant to the Board of General Officers ; Secretary to the faid Board ; Corrector and Supervifor of His Majefty’s Printing Prefs ; Compiler of the Dublin Gazette ; Mafter of the Revels; Senefchal of His Ma-

jefty’s Manors; Accountant General (now held by Stephen Moore Efquire) ; Supervifor of Accounts in the Barrack Department; Barrack Mafter of the Royal Barracks ; and as each of the faid Offices fhall refpeftively become vacant upon the Termination of fuch prefent exifting Interefts, each and every of the faid Offices fhall be refpeftively abolifhed; and the faid Offices fhall not, nor fhall any of them, from and after the paffing of this Aft, be granted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and the faid Offices are hereby, from and after the refpeftive times when the fame fhall refpeftively become vacant, wholly abolifhed.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after and upon the refpeftive Terminations of the refpeftive exifting Interefts in each and every of the following Offices 3 that is to fay, Conftable of the

Caftle

Hosted by Google

AD. 1817.

570 GEO. III.

C .62.

229:

Cattle of Limerick ; Conftable of the Cattle of Dublin; Conftable abolifhed on

of the Cattle of Cajllemain; no Salary or Allowances whatfoever, Termination of

other than, and except the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Here- exl ms ntere %

ditaments attached to the faid Offices refpe&ively, fhall be paid or

payable out of His Majefty’s Civil Lift or otherwife to the faid

Officers, or to any or either of them ; but all fuch Salaries or

Allowances (except as aforefaid) fhall ceafe and determine ; and the-

faid Salaries and Allowances (except as aforefaid) are hereby, from

and after the refpeftive times when the faid Offices fhall refpe£tively

become vacant at any time after the patting of this A£t, wholly.

abolifhed.

V.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral and refpe&ive Certain Offices Duties of the feveral and refpe£tive Offices in Ireland hereafter men- re^ulared. tioned; that is to fay, Clerk of the Council; Mutter Matter General; Pratique Matter of the Fort of Dublin; Storekeeper of the

Cuftoms in the faid Port; fhall from and after and upon the refpec-tive Terminations of the refpecttive prefent exifting Interefts in each of the faid Offices refpedtively, and as each of the faid Offices fhall become vacant upon the Termination of fuch prefent exifting Inte^ refts, be regulated under the Provifions hereinafter in this A<ft contained ; and fhall thereafter be executed and performed by the feveral and refpe&ive Perfons to be appointed to execute the fame in Perfon.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That from time to time as any Lord Lieute-

of fuch Four laft mentioned Offices fhall become vacant upon the nant of Ireland, Termination of the prefent exifting Intereft or Interefts therein, it Concur-ffiall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Concurrence with the p^vifion^forlhe Lord High Treafurer or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Trea- Execution of the fury for the time being, or any Three or more of fuch Commif- Duties of fuch fioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate Offices becoming the Duties and Eftablifhments of the faid	laft mentioned Offices	fo	E^hahon^f^6

becoming vacant, fo as that the faid Duties fhall	be performed	in	exTtjm* Interefts ■

Perfon by fuch and fuch Number of fit and proper Perfons as may and appoint Sa-be fufficient and neceflary to perform and	execute	the Duties to	be	laries adequate

done, performed and executed in the faid	Offices,	as the faid Lord	to the DutieL,.

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Refponfi 1 »-the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury fhall deem fit, each,3Office, with fuch Salaries or Emoluments as fhall be ordered and appointed

by the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, in that Behalf; Regard being had in every, fuch cafe to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the feveral and refpe<ftive Officers or Perfons executing the Duties of the faid Offices refpe&ively and all fuch Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when fo made and eftablifiled, fhall become and be in full Force and Effect in relation to the faid Offices refpe&ively; any thing contained in any A£t or A<fts of Parliament, or any Law or Ufage, Cuftom or Pra&ice, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Lord High Treafurer Treafury to lay or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury? or any Three or more before Parl*a-of them for the time being* fhall within Six Weeks after the Regula- ment Statement tion under the Provifions of this A<ft of any fuch Office fo becoming of

vacant as aforefaid, if Parliament fhall be then fitting, or if Parlia-	a	1

Q 3	ment

Hosted by Google

230

C. 62.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

ment fliall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament, lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of fuch new Efta-blifhment of the Office fo regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Offices and Amount of Salaries of each refpe&ively, together with a Statement of the former Eftablifhment of the Office fo regulated.

Offices of Com- VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after and upon million ers of the the refpeftive Terminations of the refpe&ive prefent exifting Interefts ^oar^°^Wo^s in each and every of the Offices of Commiffioners of the Board of become vacant^ Works in Ireland, and as each of the faid Offices {hall refpeftively &c. ;	become vacant upon the Termination of the prefent exifting Inte-

refts, each and every of the faid Offices fhall refpedtively be abolifh-ed, and the faid Offices fliall not, nor fhall any of them, from and after the palling of this A£t, be granted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and the faid Offices are	hereby, from and after the

refpe£tive times when the fame fhall	refpeftively become vacant,

and Lord Lieu- wholly abolilhed ; and after the Offices of the faid Commiffioners tenant, with fhall become vacant, it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieute-Concurrence of nant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time make^Arran	being* m Concurrence with the Lord	High Treafurer or the Comments for the	miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury	for the time being, to make

Execution in fnch Arrangement, by the Appointment of One or more Officer or Perfon of Duties Officers, as fhall provide for the efficient Execution in Perfon of all under Charge of Duties connected with the Superintendence of the public Buildings t le Lid Board. now un(^er t|ie Charge of the faid Board of Works, at fuch reafon-able Rate of Salary or Salaries as fhall be fufficient for the Purpofe; and an Account of every fuch Appointment and Rate of Salary fhall be laid before Parliament in like manner as by this A£t is required with refpetft to the Regulation of other Offices under this

Aa.

Savings arifing IX. And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money ariilng by new Regula- from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which fhall by reafon of the EftTbliffiment of Regulation °f anY fuch Office be more than fufficient to defray the fuch Offices to Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Eflablifhment of any fuch go to the Con- Office, fhall be paid (by the Orders and Direaions of the Lord iolidated Fund. High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, which Orders and Dire&ions the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpofe) into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, and fhall be carried to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom; any thing in any A£t or A6ts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that any fuch Salary or Allowance as fhall be payable to any or either of the faid Offices out of the Civil Lift of Ireland, fhall be carried to and make Part of the faid Confolidated Fund during the Life of His prefent Majefty only, and no longer, unlefs Provifion fhall hereafter be made by Parliament for that Purpofe.

Perfons belong- X. And be it further enabled, That every Office and Appointing to the faid ment belonging to and making Part of the Eftablifhment of any of Stated 'inoT	faH	Offices	refpe&ively,	when	fo regulated as aforefaid, fhall be

IjilTof littffigPor deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Voting as Mem- Meaning of an A& paffed in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of ters of the	His

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 62,63.

231

His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for declaring what Perfons Houfe of Jhall be difabled from fitting and voting in the Houfe of Commons of Commons. the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and alfo for car- 41	c‘5a'

rying into ejfeft Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what cafes Perfons holding Offices or Places of Proft under the Crown of IrelandJhall be incapable of being Members of the Houfe of Commons of the Parliament of the faid United Kingdom; and every Perfon holding any fuch Office /hall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the Houfe of Commons ; and every fuch Officer who ffiall fit or vote in the Houfe of Commons /hall be liable and fubjeft to the Penalties and Forfeit-ures contained in the faid recited A 61 with refpeft to fuch Perfon or Perfons as /hall be difabled or incapacitated by the holding or accepting of any Office, Employment or Place of Profit in the faid A 61 enumerated and particularized.

XL And be it further ena&ed, That from and after and upon the Office of Keeper Termination of the prefent exifting Intereft in the Office of Keeper of the Privy of the King’s Privy Seal for Ireland, the faid Office /hall be granted ^ea! !n JrelancJ during The King’s Pleafure only ; and that the faid Office /hall	6

from thenceforth always be holden, and the Duties thereof /hall pieafure and ~ be executed, by the Perfon who for the time being /hall hold the holden in manner Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief herein mention-Governor or Governors of Ireland: Provided always, that none of	the

the Provifions in this A£t before contained, with refpeft to the feve- x,o?dLi^4nanu ral other Offices hereinbefore mentioned, /hall extend to the faid Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal; but that the faid Office fhall, from and after the Termination of the prefent exifting Intereft therein, be holden by fuch Chief Secretary for the time being in like manner in all Refpe&s as the fame was ufually holden before the Grant of fuch prefent exifting Intereft.

CAP. LXIIL

An A6I to regulate the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal.	[7th	JWy 1817.]

€ TT THE REAS it is expedient that the refpe&ive Offices of

* VV Clerks of the Signet and of Clerks of the Privy Seal

€ Ihould be regulated t’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s

Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from AfterTermina-

and after and upon the refpedtive Terminations of the refpe&ive tion of exifting

exifting Interefts in each of the faid Offices of Clerks of the Signet

and Privy Seal refpe&ively, and as each of the faid Offices /hall signerand°Privy

become vacant, upon the Termination of fuch prefent exifting Inte- Seal to be per-

refts, the Duties of the faid Offices refpe&ively fhall be executed formed in Per-

and performed by the feveral and refpedtive Perfons who fhall be f°n*

appointed to execute the fame in Perfon.

II.	And be it further enacted. That from time to time as any of Treafuryto the faid Offices of the Clerks of the Signet and of the Clerks of the makeProvifion Privy Seal refpe&ively, /hall become vacant, upon the Termination ^ th0ffh-CU~ of the prefent exifting Interefts therein refpe&ively, it /hall be lawful Duties of Uiz for the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Bri- offices, tain and Ireland} or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of

Q I	the

Hosted by Google

232

C. 63.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

and for Salaries,

&c.

Treafury to lay Statements of former and new Eftablifhment before Parliament.

Savings arifing by new Regulations to go to the Confolidated Fund.

Perfons belonging to the faid Offices, when regulated, incapable of fitting or voting as Members of the Houfe of Commons.

6 Ann. c. 7.

15 G. 2. c. aa.

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Eftabliffiments of the Offices fo becoming vacant, fo as that the faid Duties ffiall be performed in Perfon by fuch Number of fit and proper Perfons to be appointed by the Perfons authorized to appoint fuch refpedlive Clerks as the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury or any Three or more of them ffiall deem fit, with fuch Salaries or Emoluments as ffiall be ordered and appointed by the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them in that behalf, Regard being had in every fuch cafe to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refpon-fibility which may attach or belong to the feveral and refpedlive Officers or Perfons executing the Duties of the faid Offices refpec-tively; and all fuch Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when fo made and eilabliffied, ffiall become and be in full Force and Effedl in relation to the faid Offices refpedlively ; any thing contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Eaw or Laws, or Ufage, Cuftom or Pradlice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further euadled, That the faid Lord High Trea-furer or Commiffioners of the Treafury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them for the time being, ffiall, within Six Weeks after the Regulation under the Provifions of this Adi, of any fuch Office of Clerk of the Signet or Clerk of the Privy Seal fo becoming vacant as aforefaid, if Parliament ffiall be then fitting, or if Parliament ffiall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Sefiion of Parliament, lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of fuch new Eftabliffi-ment of the Office fo regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Offices and Amount of Salaries of each refpedlively, together with a Statement of the former Eftablifhment of the Office fo regulated.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That all Sums of Money arifing from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which ffiall by reafon of the Regulation of any fuch Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal refpedlively be more than fufficient to defray the Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Eftablifhment of any fuch Office, ffiall, by the Orders and Diredlions of the faid Lord High Trea-furer or Commiffioners of the Treafury (which Orders and Directions the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpofe) be carried to and paid into and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing in any Acl or Adts of Parliament to the contrary notwithflanding.

V.	And be it further enadled, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Eftablifhment of any of the faid Offices refpedlively, when fo regulated as aforefaid under the Provifions of this Adi, ffiall be deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Adi pafted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne; and every Perfon holding any fuch Office ffiall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the Houfe of Commons ; and every fuch Officer who ffiall fit or vote in the Houfe of Commons ffiall be liable and fubjedt to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Adi pafted in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty

Hosted by Google

AJD. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.63, 64.

233

King George the Second, intituled An Aft to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the Houfe of Commons.

CAP. LXIV.

An A£I to abolifh certain Offices, and regulate others in Scotland.	[7th	July	1817.]

*	TTTHEREAS certain Offices in Scotland require to be regu-

*	VV lated, and it is expedient that certain other Offices in that c Part of the United Kingdom ffiould be aboliffied May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after and upon the Termination of the prefent exifting Intereft in the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal for Scot* land, or when the faid Office {hall become vacant, it lhall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any higher Salary to the Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland\ nor lhall any Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland henceforth to be appointed enjoy a higher Salary in refpe£t of fuch Appointment than the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds per Annum.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Fees heretofore charged or chargeable for or in refpedt of any Charters, Letters Patent or other Inftruments palling the Great Seal of Scotland, fhall continue to be paid and payable for or in refpedl of fuch Inftruments palling the fame ; and all fuch Fees lhall be applied, in the firft Place, in the paying and defraying fuch Salary as the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the faid United Kingdom for the time being, or any Three or more of them, lhall think lit to grant to the Deputy Keeper of the faid Great Seal ; and, in the next Place, in the paying to the Keeper of the faid Great Seal the faid Salary of Two thoufand Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to him ; and the Surplus of fuch Fees fhall, at the Expiration of every Quarter, be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland for the time being, to be by him accounted for with other Public Monies received by him ; and if fuch Fees lhall not be fuffi-cient to pay fuch Salary, the Balance remaining unfatisfied by fuch Fees lhall and may be defrayed in the fame manner as the Salary of the Keeper of the Great Seal is at prefent paid and defrayed.

III.	And be it further enatfted, That from and after and upon-the Termination of the prefent exifting Intereft in the Office <?f Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland, or when the faid Office lhall become vacant, it lhall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any higher Salary to the Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland, nor fhall any Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland henceforth to be appointed enjoy a higher Salary in refpe£t of fuch Appointment than the Sum of One thoufand two hundred Pounds per Annum.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Fees at prefent charged or chargeable for or in relpedt of Inftruments palling the Privy Seal of Scotland, lhall continue and be paid and payable for or in refpedf of fuch Inftruments paffing the fame ; and all fuch Fees lhall be

applied

After Termination of exifting Intereft, the Salary of Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland limited to 2,000L per Annum.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

If Fees infuffi-cient, Deficiency how defrayed.

Salary of Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland in like manner limited to i,200L per Annum.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Hosted by Google

234

C. 64.

57“ GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

If Fees infuffi-cient, Deficiency how defrayed.

After Termination of exifting lnterefls, Office of Keeper of the Signet difrharged by Lord Remitter, Salary limited to i,aool. per Annum.

Clerks, &c. appointed by Treafury.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Balance of Fees how and to whom to be paid.

applied in the firft Place in paying and defraying fuch Salary as the faid Lord High Treafurer, or the laid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more ol them, fhall think fit to grant to the Deputy Keeper of the faid Privy Seal; and in the next Place, in the Payment of the faid Salary of One thoufand two hundred Pounds per Annujfn hereby authorized to be granted to the Keeper of the Privy Seal; and any Balance which may remain of fuch Fees {hall be paid at the Expiration of every Quarter to the Receiver General of Scotland for the time being, to be by him accounted for with other Public Monies received by him ; and if fuch Fees fhall not be fufficient to pay fuch Salaries, the fame fhall and may be defrayed in the fame manner as the Salary heretofore granted to the faid Keeper of the Great Seal is paid and defrayed.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after and upon the Termination of the prefent exifting lnterefls in the Offices of Keeper of the Signet and Lord Regifter in Scotland refpe&ively, or upon either of the fame becoming vacant, the Duties of Keeper of the Signet in Scotland fhall be difeharged by the Lord Regifter ; and it fhall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to grant to any Perfon who fhall henceforth be appointed to difeharge the Duties of Lord Regifter in Scotland a higher Salary, nor fhall any Perfon who fhall be appointed to difeharge fuch Duties enjoy a higher Salary in refpedl of fuch Appointment than One thoufand two hundred Pounds per Annum ; and every Perfon henceforth to be appointed Lord Regifter fhall difeharge the Duties of Keeper of the Signet, as well as of Lord Regifter, with the Aid of fuch Affiftance from Clerks and other Officers as the faid Lord High Treafurer or the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, fhall think fit to appoint.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sums at prefent paid and payable to the Keeper of the Signet for Scotland, and the Fees at prefent payable for or in refpe& of Inftruments paffing the Signet in Stcotlandy and alfo the Fees paid and payable to the Lord Regifter for Scotland, or in refpe£l of the Duties at prefent difeharged by any Perfon or Perfons in the Office of the faid Lord Regifter, fhall continue to be paid and payable in the fame manner as fuch Fees refpecftively are now paid and payable ; and fuch Fees fhall be applied in the firft Place in fatisfying and paying fuch Salaries or Allowances as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, fhall think fit to grant and diredl to be paid to any Perfon or Perfons whom they may think necefiary for the due Difeharge of the Bufinefs appertaining to the Offices of Lord Regifter and Keeper of the Signet for Scotland refpe&ively; and in the next Place, in the Payment of the faid Salary of One thoufand two hundred Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to the Perfon holding the ffaid Office of Lord Regifter ; and any Balance of fuch Fees which lhall remain after fuch Payment fhall be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland at leaft Once in Three Months, or as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, fhall direft, and fhall be paid and accounted for by him with the other Public Monies received by him.

VII. Pro-

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 64.

235

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That if the prefent Provifion if exifting Interefts in the faid Office of Keeper of the Signet (hall Office terminate, or the faid Office ffiali become vacant before the prefent become vacant exifting Interefts in the faid Office of Lord Regifter ffiali ter- before that of minate, or before the faid laft mentioned Office ffiali become vacant, Lord P„egifter, then the Duties of Keeper of the Signet ffiali be difcharged by the as to Perform-prefent Lord Regifter for Scotland', and the Duties and Eftabliffi- ance of Duties ment of the faid Office of Keeper of the Signet ffiali thereupon be ^es regulated in the manner diredted by this Adt; and the faid Fees ap- ceiver General, pertaining to the faid Office of Keeper of the Signet, or received

therein, ffiali, after paying and defraying the Salaries and Allowances to be granted to the feveral Perfons to be appointed by the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, for the due Dif-charge of the Bufmefs of the Office of Keeper to the Signet, be paid to the Receiver General for Scotland at lead Once in every Three Months, and ffiali be paid and accounted for by him in the fame manner with other Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That if the prefent exifting Tbe like Pro-Interefts in the faid Office of Lord Regifter ffiali terminate, or the vifion in cafe the faid Office ffiali become vacant before the exifting Interefts in the Office of Lord faid Office of Keeper of the Signet ffiali terminate, or before the Regifter ffiali faid laft mentioned Office ffiali become vacant, then the Duties and befo^^haTof'' Eftabliffiment of the faid Office of Lord Regifter ffiali be regulated Keeper of the in the manner diredted by this Adi; and the Fees at prefent payable Signet,

for or in refpedt of the faid Office of Lord Regifter, or received therein, after paying and defraying the Salaries and Allowances of fuch Perfon or Perfons as ffiali be appointed by the faid Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of His Majefty's Treafury, for the Purpofe of tranfadting the Buftnefs of the faid Office of Lord Regifter, ffiali be paid and applied towards Payment of the Salary by this Adi allowed to be granted to the Lord Regifter ; and if any Balance of fuch Fees ffiali remain after being fo applied, the fame ffiali, at leaft Once in Three Months, be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland, and ffiali be paid and accounted for by him in the fame manner, with other Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That every Caffiier and Receiver Offices of Caffi-General of Excife in Scotland henceforth to be appointed ffiali dif- *er and Receiver charge the Duties of the faid Office in Perfon, fubjedt to fuch Rules Gen.era<! f ,ExT and Regulations as ffiali be eftabliffied by the faid Lord High regulated?and Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three Salary limited to or more of them for the time being for that Purpofe, which they are i,oooL per hereby authorized and required to diredt to be obferved for the due Annum. Difcharge of the Duties of the faid Office ; and no Caffiier or Receiver General of Excife henceforth to be appointed ffiali enjoy or

receive, for or in refpedt of fuch Appointment, a higher Salary than One thoufand Pounds per Annum ; and every fuch Caffiier or Re- Caffiier, &c. to ceiver General ffiali give fuch Security for the due Difcharge of the sive Security* Duties of his Office in Perfon as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, ffiali think fit to order and diredt in that Behalf.

X.	And be it further enadted, That no Perfon henceforth to be Knight Marffial appointed to either of the Offices of Knight Marffial or Vice Admiral and Vice Admi-

in

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

ral to have no Salary.

Certain other Offices regulated.

Salaries appointed by Treafury.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Balance paid to Receiver General

After Termination of exifting Interefts, certain other Offices abolifhed.

C.64.

A.D. 1817.

in Scotland fhall enjoy or receive any Salary whatever for or in re-fpeft of either of the faid Offices.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination refpeftively of the prefent exifting Interefts in the under mentioned Offices, videlicet, the Office of Auditor of the Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of King’s Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Lord Treafurer’s Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Prefenrer of Signatures in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Keeper of the General Regifter of Seizins in Scotlandthe Office of Clerk to the Admiffion of Notaries in Scot-landy the Office of Dire&or of the Chancery in Scotland, the Office of Clerk of the Chancery in Scotland, and the Office of Clerk of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland; and fo foon as the faid Offices or any or either of them refpeCxively fhall become vacant, the Duties thereof fhall be difcharged by the Officer appointed to hold the fame in Perfon ; and from time to time as any of the faid refpedtive Offices fhall become vacant, it fhall be lawful for the laid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Eftablifhments of the faid Offices refpe£tively as they refpeftively become vacant, fo as that the feveral Duties to be difcharged therein refpe&ively (hall be performed in Perfon ; and thereupon and thereafter fuch and fuch Number of fit and proper Perfons fhall be appointed, or fhall be authorized and directed to be appointed, as may be fufficient and neceflary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the faid Offices refpe£tively, as the faid Commiffioners fhall deem fit, with fuch Salaries or Allowances as (hall be ordered and appointed by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury in that behalf, Regard being had in every fuch cafe to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the feveral and refpe&ive Offices or Perfons executing the Duties of the faid Offices refpe&ively ; and all fuch Regulations, Appointments, Salaries and Allowances when fo made and eftablifhed (hall become and be in full Force and Effect in relation to the faid Offices refpe&ively, any thing contained in any A 61 or A6ts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Ufage, Cuftom or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that any Fees at prefent charged or chargeable for or in refpe6t of any of the faid Offices, or received or receivable according to Law in any of the faid Offices refpe&ively, (hall continue to be received ; and the fame (hall be applied in Payment of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances, authorized by this A6t to be granted or made in each of the faid Offices in which fuch Fees (hall be received ; and if any Balance of fuch Fees (hall remain after paying and fatisfying fuch Salaries or Allowances refpedtively, the fame (hall be paid at lead Once in Three Months to the Receiver General of Scotland, and fhall by him be paid and accounted for in the fame manner with any Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

XII. And be it further enabled, That from and after and upon the Termination refpe£tively of the exifting Interefts in the following Offices ; videlicet, the Office/ of One of the Clerks of the Pipe in Scotlandy the Office of Clerk Affiftant to the General Surveyors and Infpe&ors of Taxes in Scotland, the Office of Comptroller General

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. nr.

C.6*.

23 7

of the Cuftoms in Scotland, the Office of Receiver of Bi(hops’ Rents in	Scotland,the Offices of Infpe&ors of Wheel Carriages in Scotland,

the Office of Gazette Writer in Scotland, and the Office of Infpedtor General of the Roads in Scotland, without Prejudice neverthelefs to Prov‘f° f°r Du-the Difcharge of the Duties of the Infpedor of Roads, purfuant to tl5®Lof JnfPe<^or an Ad pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent °nt t°a S pUr U Majefty, intituled An Ad: for maintaining and keeping in Repair cer- 54 G. 3. c. 104. tain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpofe of Military.

Communication, and for making more effectual Provijion for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commijfioners for Highland Roads and Bridges ; and fo foon as any of the faid Offices ffiall become vacant, the fame fhall be and from thenceforth become for ever aboliffied.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it ffiall and may be Treafury to or-

lawful for the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, and der how Bithops* they are hereby authorized and required, to order and direct in what	be

manner the Biffiops’ Rents in Scotland, heretofore collected by the

faid Collector of Biffiops’ Rents, ffiall be colleded at the leaft poffible -Expence with Certainty and Safety after the Abolition of the faid Office, and to grant fuch Salary, or to make fuch Allowances, as Salary, Sec. ffiall be deemed neceflary for that Purpofe.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Lord High Treafurer Treafury to lay or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them before Parlia-for the time being, ffiall, within Six Weeks after the Regulation, ment a compara-under the Provifions of this Ad, of any Office hereby direded to be formeraidC regulated, if Parliament ffiall be then fitting, or if Parliament ffiall not ngVV Eftablih-be then fitting, within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the ment,

next Seffion of Parliament, lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of every new Eftabliffiment of any fuch Office fo regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Officers, and Amount of Salaries or Allowances of each refpedively, together with a Statement*of the former Eftabliffiment of the Office fo regulated ; and the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury ffiall in like manner within the above mentioned Period lay before Parliament a Statement of every Office that ffiall be aboliffied under the Provifions of this Ad, ffiewing the Saving thereby made to the Public.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the Regulation of any Regulation of

Office under the Provifions of this Ad, which was an Office exifting any Office exift-previous to an Ad pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her *.nSprevious t0 late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An Ad for the Security of Her jjot	it

Majejly’s P erf on and Government, and of the Succejfton to the Crown within the Pro-of Great Britain in the Protejlant Line, ffiall not be held to be a vifions of that new Office within the Intent and Meaning of that Ad of Parlia- Ad.

ment; but every Perfon holding any fuch Office fo regulated ffiall be and remain in the fame Situation with refped to that Ad of Parliament, as if the fame had not been regulated under the Provifions of this Ad.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

- A''

238

C.65.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majefty em powered to grant Penfionsof 3,qocL to Per-fons holding certain Offices, under Limita-tioas and Re-ftn&ions herein irentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An A£f to enable His Majefty to recompenfe the Services of Perfons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.	[7th	July 1817.]

6 TT7HEREAS the Abolition and Regulation of various Offices ‘ VV will deprive the Crown of Part of the Means by which

*	His Majefty has been heretofore enabled to recompenfe the Services

*	of Perfons holding, or who have heFd, high and efficient Civil 4 Offices : And Whereas it is expedient and neceffary, and confiftent 4 with found Policy and proper Economy, that upon the Abolition 4 and Regulation of various Offices of Emolument, other Means 4 ffiould be afforded to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, of 4 recompenling the meritorious Services of Perfons filling or who 1 have filled high effe&ive Civil Offices, and making competent Pro-4 vifion for Perfons holding fuch Offices upon their quitting or being 4 removed from the fameMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by The King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the paffing of this Adt, it ffiall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to grant unto .any Perfon who fhall have ferved His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, for any Period not lefs than Two Years in the whole, either uninterruptedly or at different times, in any one or more of the Offices of Firft Lord of the Treafury or of one of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, or Firft Lord of the Admiralty, a Penfion during Life not exceeding Three thou-fand Pounds per Annum; and at the Expiration of every further progreffive Period of Two Years more from the paffing of this Adt, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other fuch Perfons as aforefaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the paffing of this Adt, Six of fuch Penfions fhall have been granted in the whole; and from and after fuch Six Penfions of Three Thou-fand Pounds each ffiall have been granted to Six fuch Perfons as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any further or other Penfion in refpedt of any fuch Offices as aforefaid : Provided always, that from time to time whenever and as often as any fuch Penfion fhall ceafe, by Death, Forfeiture or Refignation thereof refpedtively of the Perfon holding the fame, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other fuch Perfons as aforefaid, under fuch and the like Circumftances, Limitations, and R-eftridtions as aforefaid; fo as that no more or greater Number of fuch Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this Adt fhall be in force at the fame time, and fo as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six fuch Penfions fhall thereafter be granted or exifting at any one and the fame time, except as is in this Ad excepted.

« II. And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 65.

23'J

4 II. And Whereas it may be effential to the Good of His 1 Majefty’s Service, and is therefore expedient and neceffary, that ( His Majefty fhould be empowered to grant One other like Penfion,

* not fubjeft to fuch Limitations and Reftriftions as aforefaidp Be it therefore farther enabled, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by any Three or more of the faid Commif-fioners of the Treafury for the time being, to grant, at any time after the Expiration of Two Years from the paffing of this Aft, One other like Penfion of Three thoufand Pounds, to any Perfon who fhall hold or who fhall have held any One or more of fuch Offices as aforefaid, although the Perfon to whom fuch Penfion fhall be fo granted fliall not have held any fuch Office as aforefaid for fuch Period of Two Years as aforefaid, and although the full Number of Penfions allowed to be granted under the Provifions of this Aft fhall have been then granted and remain in force : Provided always, that every fuch Penfion fo granted as aforefaid fhall be deemed a fuper-numerary Penfion, and fhall, upon the ceafing of the firft of any fuch Penfions as fhall then be in force under the Provifions of this Aft, become and be and be deemed, confidered and counted as One of the Number of Penfions allowed by this Aft, as if the fame had been granted at the Expiration of any Period allowed by this Aft, or upon the ceafing of any One of the Number of Penfions allowed by this Aft.

III. And be it further enafted, That after the Expiration of Four Years from the palling of this Aft, it fliall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by any Three or more of the Gommiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, to grant to any Perfon who fhall have ferved His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, for any Period not lefs than Five Years in the whole, either uninterruptedly or at different times, in either or both of the Offices of Chief Secretary for Ireland, or Secretary at War, a Penfion during Life not exceeding Two thoufand Pounds per Annum ; and at and upon the Expiration of every further progreffive Period of Four Years more from the paffing of tliis Aft, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other fuch Perfons as aforefaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the paffing of this Aft, Three of fuch Penfions fhall have been granted in the whole; and from and after fuch Three Penfions of Two thoufand Pounds each fhall have been granted to Three fuch Perfons as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any further or other fuch Penfion in refpeft of any of fuch Offices as aforefaid : Provided always, that from time to time, when and as often as any fuch Penfion fhall ceafe, by Death, Forfeiture or Relignation thereof refpeftively of the Perfon holding the fame, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other fuch Perfons as aforefaid, under fuch and the like Cir-cumftances, Limitations and Reftriftions as aforefaid ; fo as that no more or greater Number of fuch Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this Aft fhall be in force at the fame time, and fo as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Three fuch Penfions fliall thereafter be granted or exifting at one and the fame time.

IV, And

His Majefty empowered to grant one other like Penfion, not fubjeft to the laid Limitations, although Six filled up, to be deemed a fuper-numerary Penfion; and become One of the regular Number on the firft falling in.

After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majefty allowed to grant Penfions of 2,oool. to certain other Perfons holding Civil Offices, under Limitations and Reftriftions* herein mentioned.

Hosted by Google

240

C. 65.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majelty empowered to grant Penfions of itfool. to certain other Perfons holding Civil Offices, under Limitations and Reftri&ions herein mentioned.

Duties of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland altered by 56 G. 3. c.98.

HisMajefty may grant a Penfion to any Perfon having been Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and afterwards holding any efficient Office as herein mentioned.

IV. And be it further enafted, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the paffing of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for HisMajefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, to grant to any Perfon who fhall have ferved His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, for any Period not lefs than Five Years, in any one or more of the Offices of One of the Joint Secretaries of the Treafury, or Firft Secretary of the Admiralty, a Penfion during Life not exceeding One thoufand five hundred Pounds per Annum ; and at the Expiration of every further pro-greffive Period of Two Years more from the paffing of this Aft, to grant in like manner another like Penfion to any other fuch Perfon as aforefaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the paffing of this Aft, Six of fuch laft mentioned Penfions fhall have been granted in the whole; and from and after fuch Six Penfions of One thoufand five hundred Pounds each fhall have been granted to Six fuch Perfons as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, to grant any further or other Penfion in refpeft of any fuch laft mentioned Offices as aforefaid : Provided always, that from time to time, when and as often as any fuch Penfion fhall ceafe, by Death, Forfeiture or Refignation thereof refpeftively of the Perfon holding the fame, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other fuch Perfons as aforefaid, under fuch and the like Cir-cumftances, Limitations and Reftriftions as aforefaid ; fo as that no more or greater Numbers of fuch Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this Aft fhall be in force at the fame time, and fo as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six fuch Penfions fhall thereafter be granted or exifting at any one and the fame Period of time.

‘ V. And Whereas, in confequence of the Provifions contained

<	in an Aft made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An ASt ‘ to unite and confolidate into one Fund all the Public Revenues of € Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof

*	to the General Service of the United Kingdom, the Duties of the

*	Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, from and after the Fifth

*	Day of January laft, have become fuch as not to require that the

<	Services of any Perfon who may hereafter fill the faid Office fhould ‘ be recompenfed in refpeft thereof in the fame manner as hereto-c fore; but it may happen that fome Perfon or Perfons, having

*	filled the faid Office for fome Period lefs than Five Years before 1 the faid Fifth Day of January, may be appointed to fome other € high and efficient Office, in refpeft whereof a Penfion is granted c by this Aft ;y Be it enafted, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, under the Regulations of this Aft, to grant to any Perfon who fhall have filled the Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for any Period previous to the faid Fifth Day of January, and who fhall ferve His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in any other Office, in refpeft whereof His Majefty is by this Aft enabled to grant any Penfion lefs than Three thoufand Pounds, and who fhall have ferved and fhall ferve in the faid Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and alfo in any one or more of the faid other Offices, not lefs than Five Years in the whole, reckoning the Period during which fuch Perfon fhall have

filled

Hosted by ^.ooQle

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO, III.

C. 65.

241

filled the Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland as Part of the faid Five Years, a Penlion to the like Amount, and in like manner and under the like Regulations in all refpedls, as His Majefty,

His Heirs and Succeffiors, are by this A61 enabled to grant to any Perfon having ferved not lefs than Five Years in one or more of fuch other Offices refpe&ively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Two -After the Ex-

Years from the palling of this A 61, it ffiall be lawful for His Majefty, P,ratj°n of cer-His Heirs and Succeffiors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Majefty em-Manual, counterligned by any Three or more of the Commiffioners of powered to grant His Majefty's Treafury for the time being, to grant to any Perfon Penfions of who ffiall have ferved His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffiors, for any i»oool. to certain Period not lefs than Ten Years in any One or more of the Offices of	c!vftS

the Under Secretaries of State, or Clerk of the Ordnance, or Second offices under Secretary to the'Admiralty, a Penfion during Life not exceeding One Limitations and thoufand Pounds per Annum; and at the Expiration of every further Reftri&ions as progreffive Period of Two Years more from the palling of this A61, ^ereln men*

to grant in like manner another like Penlion to any other fuch Perfon noned‘ as aforefaid, until the Expiration of Twelve Years from the palling of this A61, Six of fuch laft mentioned Penfions ffiall have been granted in the whole ; and from and after fuch Six Penfions of One thouland Pounds each ffiall have been granted to Six fuch Perfons as aforefaid, it ffiall not be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffiors, to grant any further or other Penfion in refpe6t of any fuch laft mentioned Offices as aforefaid: Provided always, that from time to time and as often as any fuch Penfion ffiall ceafe, by Death, For-* feiture, or Refignation thereof refpe£tively of the Perfon holding the fame, it ffiall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, to grant in like manner other like Penfions to any other fuch Perfon as aforefaid, under fuch and the like Circumftances, Limitations and Reftri&ions as aforefaid; fo as that no more or greater Number of Penfions than are allowed under the Provifions of this A 61 ffiall be in force at the fame time, and fo as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six fuch Penfions ffiall thereafter be granted or exifting at any one and the fame Period of time.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe it ffiall When Perfons

happen that any . Perfon ffiall have ferved His Majefty, His Heirs or !™ve ferved Eight Succeffiors, in more than One of the Claffes of Offices fpecified in	of	certain

this A61, in refpefl whereof His Majefty is by this A 61 enabled to offices the Pen-grant any Penlion lefs than Three thoufand Pounds, it ffiall be lawful fion attached to for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, to grant under the Re- the higheft Clafs gulations of this Ac! to fuch Perfon any Penfion not exceeding fuch of fuch Offices Penfion as is annexed to the higheft Clafs of Office in which fuch ^Thre^Years* Perfon may have been employed, whenever the whole Period of the Service in the Service bf fuch Perfon in the ieveral Offices in which he fhall have higheft Office, been employed ffiall amount to Eight Years, although the Period of

the Service of fuch Perfon in fuch higheft Clafs ffiall not have extended to the Period of Five Years; provided always, that fuch Perfon ffiall have ferved in fuch higheft Clafs for a Period of not lefs than Three Years.

VIII.	And be it further ena6led, That every Grant of any Pen- Regulations as to

fion under this A6I, if made to any Perfon actually holding at the r>e^°Ps Period of fuch Grant any Office entitling him to the fame, ffiall not	^	~Q

take effe6l during the time of the Perfon to whom fuch Penfion t],7 t Udm? Pffea

57 Geo. III.	R	ffiall	'

Hosted by Google

24:I

C. 65.

57° GEO. III.

Sufpenfion and Abatement of fuels Penfions.

Intereft of Per. fons in Office to ceafe with re-fpe£t to fuch Office on obtaining Penfions.

Perfons holding Penfions heretofore granted (Exception) on obtaining Penfions under this Aft, to relin-quifh fuch previous Penfions, and the fame to go to Confoli-dated Fund.

Order of Trea-fury in refpe<ft thereof valid,

A.D.1817.

(hall be granted continuing to hold fuch Office; and that every Grant of any Penfion made under this A£t fhall alfo contain a Pro-vifion and Limitation for the Sufpenfion of fuch Penfion during the Period of the Perfon to whom the fame is granted holding any Office, Place or Employment under His Majefty, the Salary or Profits whereof fhall be not lefs than double the Amount of fuch Penfion, and fhall alfo contain a Provifion and Limitation for the Abatement of One Half of the Penfion granted, during the time any Perfon having any fuch Penfion fhall continue to hold any Place, Office or Employment under His Majefty of equal or greater Amount in Salary, Profit or Emolument than the Amount of fuch Penfion ; and no Grant of any fuch Penfion fhall be valid unlefs fuch Grant fhall contain fuch Provifions and Limitations as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That if any Penfion fhall be granted under the Provifions of this A£t to any Perfon holding any Office, Place or Employment, or any Offices, Places or Employments, for the Abolition or Regulation of which any Provifion fhall have been made by any A£l or A£ts of Parliament which fhall have been paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, or which fhall have been included and returned in the Lift made out and certified under the Provifions of this A6t; then and in every fuch cafe all the In-tereft of fuch Perfon in fuch Office or Offices, Place or Places, Employment or Employments, fhall, upon and from the time of the P^eceipt of any Payment to fuch Perfon in refpeft of fuch Penfion, wholly ceafe and determine ; and every fuch Office, Place or Employment, which fhall by the ceafing of fuch Intereft became vacant, fhall thereupon be abolifhed or regulated according to the Provifions contained in relation thereto in any fuch A6t or A6ls of Parliament as aforefaid of this prefent Selfion of Parliament.

X.	And be it further enabled, That all the Right, Title, Claim and Intereft of any Perfon to whom any Penfion fhall be granted under the Provifions of this Adi, in every other Penfion which maybe held by fuch Perfon (other than and except fuch Penfion or Penfion9 as are or may be charged by any Adi or Adis of Parliament upon the Confolidated Fund) fhall, upon and from the Commencement of any Penfion granted under the Provifions of this Adi, wholly ceafe and determine; and the Amount of every fuch Penfion fhall, from and after fuch Determination thereof, and during the Period of the Intereft of fuch Perfon in fuch Penfion, go to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandy or any Three or more of them for the time being, fhall and theyr are hereby required in every fuch cafe to order and diredl the retaining in or paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of and as Part of the faid Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, the Amount of every fuch Penfion during the Period of the Intereft of fuch Perfon therein, and fo long as fuch Perfon would have been entitled to hold, take and receive the fame under any Letters Patent, Warrant, Inftrument or Grant by which fuch Perfon held or received fuch Penfion ; and all fuch Orders and Dire&ions fo made by the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury fhall be valid and effectual, and be carried into Execution by all Perfons concerned in the iffuing or paying any fuch Penfions; any

i o*	thing

Hosted by ^.ooQle

57° GEO. III.

C. 65.

243

thing contained in any A& or ACfs of Parliament, or Letters Patent, Warrant, Inftrument or Grant, or Law or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That every Penfion granted under this ACt fhall be iffued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, next in Order of Payment to and after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sums of Money as have been dire&ed to be paid by any former ACfc or ACts, but with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged thereon as aforefaid ; and the fame fhall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatfoever, at the four ufual Days of Payment in the Year ; (that is to fay) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April> the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Bober, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

XII.	And bo it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of the Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direCt Debentures to be made forth and palled by the proper Officers at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer from time to time, for paying the faid feveral Penfions or Sums of Money in manner as aforefaid, and as the fame fhall from time to time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Pail: thereof; which faid Warrants and Debentures to be made forth and pafTed thereupon refpeCtively, fhall be fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of all fuch Penfions or Sums of Money at the refpeCtive Days in this ACt before appointed for fuch Payments, without any further or other Warrants to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That after the figning of any fuch Warrants or Debentures refpe&ively, the fame fhall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this A<ff, and fhall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majefty (whom God long preferve) or any of his Heirs or Succeffors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury or the Lord High Treafurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power* Office or Offices of them or any of them.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury and Lord High Treafurer, Chancellor and Under Trea* furer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, fhall and they are hereby authorized and ftri&ly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all fuch Ads, Matters and things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or fhall be neceffary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this ACt and the feveral Payments hereby directed effectual.

R 2	XV,	And

Penfions under this A£i payable Quarterly out of the Confolidated Fund, free from Taxes.

The Treafury may by Warrant direct the Officers of the Exchequer to pais Debentures for Payment of the Penfions, without Fees.

Warrants not determinable on the Dea-th of His Majefty, &c.

The Treafury and Exchequer to do without Fee all things herein directed.

Hosted by Google

£44

C. 65.

.57° GEO. III.

AD. 1817*

The Receipts of the Penfioners to be fufficient DUcharges.

Penfions Tax. free.

Officers of the Exchequer i e-fuling to pay, &c.

Remedy.

Certified Liifs of all Offices abo-liffied or regu-laced by any A£t of the prefent Seflion, to be returned to the Exchequer, and Accounts to be laid by Treafury before Parliament at the Commencement of every Seffion, of the Offices abolifhed or regulate d fince the faffing of tuch A 61s.

■XV. And be it further enafted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Penfions ffiall have been granted as aforefaid, ffiall be good and fufficient Difcharges for the Payment of the faid Penfions respectively before mentioned, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid feveral Penfions, and every Part thereof ffiall be clear and free from all Taxes, Impo-fitions and other Charges whatfoever ; and in cafe any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer ffiall refufe or negleft to pay any fuch Penfion, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or to do any Aft neceffary rto enable any Perfon to whom any fuch Penfion ffiall have been granted as aforefaid to receive the fame, then any fuch Perfon as aforefaid may from time to time fue, profecute and implead fuch Officers or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Aftion of Debt, and ffiall and may recover Judgment, and fue out Execution thereupon againft fuch Officers refpeftively, their re-fpeftive Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for fo much of any fuch Penfion refpeftively, then due and owing, or any Part thereof, as ffiall be in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when fuch Demand ffiall have been legally made for Payment of any fuch Penfions, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, or for the Refufal or Negleft to do any Aft neceffary to be done by any fuch Officer or Officers refpeftively.

4 XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that Accounts ffiould be ■* from time to time laid before Parliament of-the various Offices

<	which may be aboliffied or regulated by or under or in purfuance c of any of the Provifions of any Aft or Afts of Parliament which.

<	may be palled in the prefent Seffion of ParliamentBe it therefore enafted, That within One Month after the Expiration of the prefent Seffion of Parliament, a Lift ffiall be made out and certified by the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandor any Three or more of them for the time being, and returned to and entered in the Exchequer*, of all Offices and Places which have been aboliffied, or for the Abolition or Regulation of which any Provifion ffiall have been made by any Aft or Afts of Parliament which fhall have been palled in the prefent Seffion of Parliament; and the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom, or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom, or fome Three or more of them for the time being, fhall within Six Weeks after the next Seffion of Parliament caufe Accounts to be laid before both Houfes of Parliament of every Office contained in fuch Lift, together with every Office dependent upon any Office contained in fuch Lift, which fhall have been aboliffied or become vacant, and been regulated under or in purfuance of the Provifions of any Aft or Afts of this prefent Seffion of Parliament fince the palling thereof refpeftively; and ffiall alfo from time to time caufe like Returns to be made to both Houfes of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Meeting of every fubfequent Seffion of Parliament, until all the Offices contained in fuch Lift, and all Offices dependent upon any fuch Offices, ffiall have been aboliffied or regulated in manner direfted by the faid Afts of Parliament*

C A P,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 66,

2 45'

CAP. LXVL A11 Aft; to amend an Aft of the Twenty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for fupprefting or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the Board of Trade *, and for enabling the Vice Prefident of the Board of Trade to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage.	[7th	July	1817.]

6 Xlf 7 HE REAS an Aft paffed in the Twenty fecond Year of the e VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad, for enabling € His Majefty to difcharge the Debt contraded upon His Civil Lift 6 Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for

*	the futurey by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the faid 6 Revenues, and by fupprejjhig or regulating certain Offices therein men-

*	tioned which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lift :

*	And Whereas it is expedient to make Provifion for enabling His ‘ Majefty to grant a competent Salary to the Perfon holding the

*	Office of Vice Prefident of the Committee of Council appointed for ( the Confideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plan-

*	tations, in confideration of the Duties and Refponfibility attached

*	to the faid Office Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it ffiall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Order or Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by the Lord High Treafurer, or by the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to order and direft that the Vice Prefident of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Confideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, for the time being, ffiall have a Salary not exceeding Two thoufand Pounds, to be paid and payable out of the Fee Fund of the Council Office ; and fuch Office ffiall not, by reafon of fuch Salary being annexed thereto, be deemed a new Office : Provided always, that no fuch Order or Warrant, or Receipt of Salary under the fame by the Perfon holding fuch Office at the time of paffing ^his Aft, (hall make void the Eleftion of any fuch Perfon, nor ffiall any new Writ iffue for a new Eleftion in confe-quence of any fuch Order or Warrant, or Receipt of Salary under the fame ; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

6 II. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Forty fixth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled A11 Ad to authorise cer-

*	tain Public Officers to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the

*	Poft free from the Duty of Poflage, certain Public Officers therein

*	named were authorized to fend and receive Letters by the Poft 4 free from the Duty of Poftage in the United Kingdom, in the man-6 ner and under the Reftriftions therein mentioned : And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the Vice Prefident of the Committee of Council 6 appointed for the Confideration of matters relating to Trade and 4 Foreign Plantations ffiould in like manner fend and receive Letters 6 and Packets by the Poft free from PoftageBe it therefore .enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft it ffiall be lawful for the Vice Prefident of the Committee of Council, appointed for

R 3	the

22 O. 3. r. 3r,.

Salary of a,ocol. ro the Vice Prefident of the Board of Trade.

Not to be con-fidered a new Office.

46 G. 3. c. 61. 5 1-

Vice Prefident to receive and fend Letters and

Hosted by Google

246

C. 66,67.

57“ GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Packets free of Portage.

14 G. 3. c. 9Z,

Office of Warden of the Mint aboliftied after Termination of exirting Intereft. Duties to be performed by the Mafter and Worker of the Mint without any additional Salary, Sec.

the Confideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Poll free from the "Duty of Poflage within the United Kingdom, in the fame manner and under fuch Reftridlions as the feveral Public Officers fpecified in the faid recited Adi are authorized by the Laws now in force to fend' and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

CAP. LXVII.

An Adi to regulate certain Offices, and aboliffi others, in His Majefty’s Mints in England and Scotland refpedlively.

[7th July 1817.]

c TT7HEREAS the Duties of the Office of Warden of His 4 VV Majefty’s Mint in England have been heretofore ufually 4 executed by Deputy ; and feveral of the faid Duties have, under 4 an Order of His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent in Council, 4 and certain Indentures of the Mint made in purfuance thereof, been 4 transferred to the Mafter and other Officers of the Mint: And 4 Whereas an Adi parted in the Fourteenth Year of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad. for regulating and afeertaining 4 the Weights to be made ufe of in Weighing the Gold and Silver Coin 4 of this Kingdom : And Whereas the Duties required by the faid 4 Adi to be performed by the faid Warden may be executed by the 4 Mafter of the Mint or his Deputy ; and it is therefore expedient 4 that the faid Office of Warden fhould, upon the Termination of the 4 prefent exifting Intereft therein, be abolifhed:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enadled, and be enadled by The King5s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Office of Warden of His Majefty’s Mint in England ffiall, upon the Termination of the prefent exifting Intereft therein, be wholly abolifhed ; and that from and after the parting of this Adi, all the Duties required to be performed by the faid Warden, under or by virtue of the faid recited Adi of the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, (hall be performed by His Majefty's Mafter and Worker of the faid Mint, or his Deputy; and for that Purpofe all the Powers and Authorities belonging or appertaining to the faid Office of Warden of the Mint, whether fuch Powers and Authorities, or any of them, are required to be executed and performed by the faid Warden alone, or by the faid Warden in conjundlion with the faid Mafter, or with any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fhall immediately from and after the parting of this Adi become and be and remain veiled in His Majefty's Mafter and Worker of the faid Mint for the time being, without any fpecial or other Appointment for that Purpofe, or in that behalf; and every fuch Mafter and Worker for the time being, or his Deputy, (hart and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to perform all fuch Duties, and for that Purpofe to ufe and exercife all fuch Powers and Authorities, and to do and perform all fuch Adis, Matters and things as may be neceflary in that behalf, as the faid Warden might have done either in conjundlion with or feparately from the faid Mafter or any other Perfon or Perfons : Provided that fuch Mafter and Worker, or his Deputy, /hall not be entitled to, nor /hall have, take or receive

any

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 67.

247

any additional Salary, Fee or Emolument whatever, for executing the Duties of the faid Warden, or any other than fuch as the faid Mailer and Worker and his Deputy is and are entitled unto by virtue of their faid Offices of Mailer and Worker, or Deputy Mailer and Worker refpelively.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient, that, after the Termination 4 of the exilling Interelf in the Office of Comptroller of the Mint 4 in England, the Duties thereof ihould be executed in Perfon and 4 not by Deputy Be it therefore enabled. That from and after the Termination of the prefent exilling Interelf, in the faid Office of Comptroller of His Majedy's Mint in England, and when the faid Office fhall become vacant by the Termination of fuch exilling In-terell, the Duties of the faid Office fhall be performed in Perfon by the Officer to be appointed to fuch Office of Comptroller ; and it fhall not be lawful for any fuch Comptroller to appoint any Deputy or other Perfon to execute the Duties of the faid Office ; and that from and after the palling of this AS the faid Office of Comptroller fhall not be granted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, with Power to execute the fame by Deputy ; any Law, Ufage or Cuilom to the contrary in anywife notwithllanding.

4 III. And Whereas it was enabled by the faid recited A61 of 4 the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majedy’s Reign, that Dupli-4 cates or Copies of the Standard Weights of the Gold and Silver 4 Coin of the Realm Ihould be lodged in the Cullody of an Officer 4 to be appointed by His Majelly, with a Salary not exceeding the 4 yearly Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds,, to be paid out of 4 the Monies arifing by the Coinage Duties, and that all Weights to 4 be made ufe of for weighing the faid Gold and Silver Coin Ihould 4 be damped by the faid Officer: *And Whereas by an A61 made 4 in the Fifteenth Year of His prefent Majedy’s Reign, intituled 4 An Att for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or famp the 4 Weights to be made ufe of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of 4 this Kingdom, in purfuance of an Aft made in the lajl SeJJion of Par-4 liament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Office, it was 4 enacted that it Ihould be lawful for fuch Officer to alk, demand 4 and receive any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny for 4 every Twelve Weights fo damped: And Whereas it is expedient,

4 that upon the Termination of the prefent exiding Intered in the 4 faid Office, the faid Salary of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a 4 Year Ihould be abolifhed Be it therefore enabled, That from and after and upon the Termination of the prefent exiding Intered in the faid Office, no Salary whatever fhall be granted or paid or payable to the faid Officer under or by virtue of the faid recited A<d of the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majedy’s Reign, nor any Salary, Fee or Emolument whatfoever, other than and except fuch Fees and Sums of Money as the faid Officer is authorized to afk, demand, and receive under and by virtue of the faid recited AS of the Fifteenth Year of His prefent Majedy’s Reign; any thing in the faid recited AS of the Fourteenth Year aforefaid of the Reign of His prefent Majedy to the contrary notwithdanding.

4 IV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Office of Governor of 4 the Mint in Scotland ihould, upon the Termination of the prefent 4 exiding Intered therein, be held by the Mader of the Mint in 4 England for the time being *, and that the other Offices of the Mint

R 4	‘in

After Termination of exilling Interefts, Office of Comptroller of the Mint hereafter to be executed in Perfon, and not by Deputy.

14 G. 3. c. 92.

§2.

15 G. 3. c.30.

After Termination of exifting Intereft, no Salary to Stamper of Weights, but to take only Fees allowed under

15	3* c* 3°*

Hosted by Google

c.67, 88.

•?/

GEO. III.

A.D. l8l/>

Office of Governor of the Mint in Scotland, after Termination of oxifting Intereft, to be held by Mafter of Mint in England; and Buildings fold and other Offices of Mint in Scotland, after exift-ing Interefts, abolifhed.

Treafury to direct Mint Buildings in Scotland to le fold.

4 in Scotland fhould, upon the Termination of the refpedtive prefent 4 exifting Interefts therein, be held by the Officers difcharging Duties 4 correfponding to the Duties of thefe Offices in England; and that 4 the Buildings of the Mint in Scotland fhould be foldBe it further enadted, That from and after the Termination of the prefent exiting Intereft in the Office of the Governor of the Mint in Scotland, the faid Office fhall veil in and thenceforth and for ever thereafter be held by the Mafter and Worker of the Mint in England for the time being, without any fpecial Appointment for that Purpofe or in that behalf, and without any Salary, Fee or Emolument in refpedl thereof; and all the other Offices in the Mint in Scotland fhall, from and after the refpe&ive Terminations of the prefent exifting Interefts therein refpedlively, be held by the Officers refpedlively difcharging in England Duties correfponding to the Duties of fuch Offices, without any additional Salary, Fee or Emolument in refpedt thereof; any thing contained in any A61 or Atts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Cuftom or Indenture relating to the Mint of Scotland, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Termination of the whole of the exifting Interefts of fuch of the faid Officers as are entitled to Apartments in the faid Buildings, or upon their relinquifh-ing their Rights thereto, it fhall be lawful for the Lord High Trea-furer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the faid United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch Termination or Relinquifhment, to order and diredl the Buildings appropriated to the Mint in Scotland to be fold, and the Proceeds, after dedudling the Charges attending the Sale hr Sales, to be paid to the Receiver General in Scotland; and the fame when fo paid lhall be accounted for by him in the fame manner with any Public Monies received by him.

Sheriffs may make like Return of Writs againft former Sheriffs as againft any other Ferfons.

In Addons by Sheriffs againft Under Sheriffs, &c. for Breach of Duty.

CAP. LX V III.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.

[7th July 1817.J

4 TY7HEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to Sheriffs 4 VV in Ireland fhould be amended, as well for the Relief of fuch 4 Sheriffs as to enforce a more regular Difcharge of their Duty Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this A 61 it fhall and may be lawful to and for every Sheriff in Ireland to account and make like Return for, upon and in refpedl of any Writ or Procefs iffued againft the Perfon’s Lands and Goods, or any of them, of any former Sheriff, as if fuch Writ or Procefs had iffued againft any other Perfon whatfoever ; any Law, Ufage, Conftruc-tion or Intendment to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enadted, That whenever any Sheriff or any Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been a Sheriff or Joint Sheriff in Ireland, fhall obtain Judgment in any Adlion againft any Perfon who fhall then be or fhall have been his or their Under Sheriff, or agaffifl

the

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.68.

24a

the Surety or Sureties or any of the Sureties of fuch Under Sheriff fuch Surety or Sureties having become fuch after the Commencement of this Aft, for or by reafon or in refpeft of any Breach of the Duty of fuch Office, or for or by reafon or in refpeft of any Mai-feazance, Misfeazance, Nonfeazance or Negleft therein, then and in every fuch cafe the Plaintiff in every fuch Aftion ffiall be entitled to Double Cofts of Suit, to be included in fuch Judgment, and fuch Plaintiff fhall for that Purpofe be entitled, under the Direftion of the Court in which fuch Aftion fhall be brought, to fuggeft on the Record that fuch Aftion was brought for fuch Caufe, if the fame fhall not fufffciently appear on the Pleadings.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in all cafes in which by Law any Aftion or Aftions might be maintained againft any Sheriff for any Negleft or Mifconduft in Office, it fhall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall accrue, to bring fuch Aftion or Aftions againft the Under Sheriff, in lieu and in ftead of the Pligh Sheriff, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall think proper fo to do, unlefs it fhall appear that the Caufe of Aftion arofe from fome immediate Aft or Default of the High Sheriff alone, and not at all from any Aft or Default of the Under Sheriff.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Sheriff, or any Perfon who fhall have been Sheriff in Ireland, to pay or caufe to be paid into His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, at any time before fuch Sheriff fhall by Law be bound or required fo to do, any Sum or Sums of Money which he fhall think proper, on account of any Revenue which it fhall belong to him or be his Duty to colleft, receive or account for; and fuch Sheriff in fuch cafe fhall be entitled to have and obtain an Acquittance from the proper Officer for fuch Sum or Sums fo paid, and fhall be entitled to Credit for the fame, and for Intereft by-way of Difcount, out of the Sum fo paid, at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per A?mum from fhe time of fuch Payment until the time when, by or under any Aft of Parliament, or by the Courfe of the Court of Exchequer, fuch Sheriff ought to pay in the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the time when any Attachment fhall be fealed in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ againft any Sheriff or Perfon who lhall have been Sheriff, for not accounting, fuch Sheriff fhall be chargeable and charged with and fhall pay legal Intereft on all and every Sum and Sums of Public Money with which he fhall be chargeable, fo long as fuch Sum or Sums fhall remain unpaid ; and that from and after the time when any Attachment ffiall be aftually fealed in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ againft any Sheriff or Perfon who fhajl have been Sheriff, for the Non Payment of any Sum of Public Money, fuch Sheriff fhall be chargeable and charged with and fhall pay double the ordinary legal Intereft on fuch Sum until the Payment of fuch Sum; and the Payment of all fuch Intereft and double Intereft fhall be enforced in the fame manner as the Payment of the Principal Sum in refpeft whereof fuch Intereft or double Intereft fhall be payable as aforefaid.

Double Colts.

Actions againft Sheriff for Mil-conduft may he brought againft Under Sheriff.

Pro vito.

Sheriffs paying Money into Exchequer before the time required by Daw lhaJl be allowed Difcount thereon.

After Attachment for not accounting, Sheriff fhall pay Intereft for all Money remaining unpaid by him. After Attachment for Non-Payment, Sheriff to pay Double Intereft,

CAP.

Hosted by Google

250	.	0.69,70.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817,

lrirtt A6t, 3^ G.3.

continued.

Bounties on the Exportation of Fifh, &c. under Afts in force in Ireland to be paid under the eftahlifhed Regulations.

19 G. 3* C.44.

S3 G.3. C.i6c.

CAP. LXIX.

An Aft to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Aft palled in Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majelly, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Filheries on the Coalls of Ireland.	[7th July	1817.]

1 YY7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland ‘ VV in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, 6 intituled An Aft for continuing and amending the feveral ABs for c the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Fijheries on the Coafs c of this Kingdom ; which faid recited Aft has by feveral fubfequent ‘ Afts been continued, and is in force until and upon the Twenty e ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, ‘ and it is expedient that the faid recited Aft Ihould be further c continued Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft lhall be and the fame is hereby further continued and (hall be in force in Ireland from the faid T wenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

II. And be it declared and enafted, That all Bounties and Allowances payable under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland upon the Exportation of any Fifh caught on the Coalls of Ireland, or in refpeft of the Duty on the Salt ufed in the curing of Fifh caught on the faid Coalls, lhall be payable and paid and allowable and allowed in refpeft of all fuch Fiih which, having been caught on the faid Coalls, lhall be faked and cured either at Sea or in Warehoufes on Shore, under the Infpeftion of the Officers of the Culloms there, under fuch Rules and Regulations as are required by any Aft or Afts in force in Irelandy or as may be made from time to time by the Commiffioners of Culloms and Port Duties in Irelandy for the Prevention of Fraud in the claiming of fuch Bounties and Drawbacks.

CAP. LXX.

An Aft to relieve Perfons impugning the Doftrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties, in Ireland. [7th July 1 817.]

<	'X X J HE RE AS an Aft was palled in the Nineteenth Year of the

<	VV Reign of His prefent Majelly, by the Parliament of Great

<	Britain, intituled An AB for the further Relief of Protefant Dijfent-c tng Minifers and Schoolmafersy and the Provifions of the faid Aft c have not been enafted or made Law in Ireland: And Whereas ( it has been and may be reafonably doubted, whether the Provilions 4 of an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year, of the Reign of His pre-4 fent Majelly by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, intituled * An AB to relieve Perfons who impugn the DoBrine of the Holy ‘ Trinity from certain Penalties, do extend to or were intended to c afFeft Ireland; and it is meet and proper that equal Freedom of 4 Religious Worlhip Ihould be fecured by Law to every Part of the c United Kingdom May it therefore pleafe Your Majelly that it

may

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO. III.	C.70, 71.

may be enadled; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fuch of the Pro-vifion3 of an A£l paffed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the Sixth Year of His late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled An Ad for exempting the Protejlant Difenters oj this Kingdom from cet'tain Penalties to which they are now fubjed, as purport to affedl by Penalties or Difqualifications any Perfon who by his preaching or writing fhall deny the Dodfrine of the Bleffed Trinity, be and the fame are hereby abfolutely annulled, repealed and made void ; and that all and every of the Provilions contained in each of the Two before mentioned Adis of the Nineteenth and Fifty third Years of His Majefty fhall be henceforth deemed and taken to be of full Force and Effedt in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in like manner as if the fame and every Part of each of the faid Adis had been hereby and in Terms fully fet forth and re-enadled.

CAP. LXXI.

An Adi to amend an Adi of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the feveral Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-enadling fuch of the Provifions thereof as have been found ufeful, with Amendments.	[7th	July	1817.]

*	II/^HEREAS it is expedient that an Adi made in the Fiftieth < VV Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for 1 repealing the feveral Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for 6 reenading fuch of the Provifions thereof as have been found ufeful,

*	with Amendments, fhould be amended in manner hereinafter pro-‘ vided for ;’ Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to rent or purchafe any Lands or Hereditaments, or any Rights, Eafements or Advantages in, through or over any Lands or Hereditaments which may be required for the conftrudling, building, repairing, cleanfing, emptying and keeping in Repair of any Sewer or Sewers, or Drain or Drains, belonging to any Gaol or Prifon, or which fhall by fuch Grand Jury be deemed neceflary for the keeping any fuch Gaol or Prifon free from Filth or Nuifance of any Kind, although fuch Lands or Hereditaments fhall not be included in the Site of fuch Gaol or Prifon, and to diredl that all Lands or Hereditaments fo rented or purchafed, and all Rights, Eafements and Advantages therein, fhall be conveyed to fuch Commifiioners as fuch Grand Jury fhall have appointed or fhall appoint according to the Diredlions of the faid recited Adi, and to their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftra-tors and Alligns, in truft and for the Ufes and Purpofes aforefaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as fuch Grand Jury might do with refpe£l to any Lands or Hereditaments neceflary for the Site of any Gaol or Prifon, and with all fuch Powers and under fuch Regulations as are mentioned and expreffed in the faid

recited

251

6 G. 1. (I.) repealed, and the above recited A<St$ extended to Ireland.

50 G. 3 c« 103.

Grand Juries may rent or purchafe Pre-mifes for Sewers or Drains to Gaols;

and may diredl a Conveyance thereof to Com-miflioners in truft as herein mentioned.

Hosted by Google

252

C. 71.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Grand Juries may prefent the whole Sums neeelfaty for completing the building or repairing of Gaols over and above Sums in hand as herein mentioned.

Lord Lieutenant may order to be advanced at the Exchequer Money on fuch Preferments.

recited Ati with refpedl to any Lands or Hereditaments necefTary for the Site of any Gaol or Prifon, and as if all fuch Powers and Regulations, and all Claufes in the faid recited A6t relating to the fame, were repeated and reenadled in this Adi.

4 II. And Whereas in fome Instances the building, enlarging or 4 repairing of Gaols or Prifons for fome Counties and Counties of 4 Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, has been begun accord-4 ing to the Provifions of fome Adt or Adis fpecially relating 4 thereto palled before the palling of the faid recited Adi of the Fif-4 tieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, and the faid Works 4 are in fome Inilances not yet completed by reafon of the reftridted 4 Powers of Grand Juries in fuch cafes, and of the Want of Au-4 thority under fuch Adis in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief 4 Governor of Ireland to advance the Sums necelfary for the Com-4 pletion thereof, upon Preferments of the fame by Grand Juries, 4 to be repaid by Inftalments ; by reafon whereof the faid Works 4 have proceeded dowly, to the great Inconvenience of the Public, 4 and are likely to be attended with greater Expenfe in the End than 4 if the whole Sum necelfary for the Completion thereof were to be 4 advanced in the firfb Inftance Be it therefore enadled, That from and after the palling of this Adi it lhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town fo circumftanced, in all cafes in which they lhall think the fame expedient, at any Affixes after the palling of this Adi, to prefent the whole Sum necellary to be expended in completing and finilhing the building, enlarging and repairing of fuch Gaol or Prifon, over and above fuch Sum or Sums as may at the time of making fuch Prelentment be in the Hands of any Body or Perfon or Perfons under the Provifions of any fuch fpecial Adt or Adis, and remaining unexpended ; and to diredt, in and by fuch Prefentment, that fuch Sum fo to be prefented lhall be railed on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, by fuch Half Yearly or Yearly Sums or Inftalments, and in fuch manner and at fuch times, as lhall be fpecified in fuch Prefentment, and fuch Sums lhall be fo railed accordingly ; and it lhall be lawful for any fubfequent Grand Jury at any Affizes to prefent that any of the faid Inftalments fhall be increafed to any Sum which fhall be found necelfary or proper ; and after fuch Prefentment for fuch Sum fo deemed necelfary for completing and finilhing the building, enlarging and repairing of fuch Gaol or Prifon, lhall be made, it fhall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to caufe to be advanced at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, to the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of fuch Prefentment, the whole of the Sum fo prefented, or fo much thereof as lhall not have been raifed or received at the time of fuch Advance, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof ; and fuch Sum or Sums lhall be applied by fuch Treafurer to the Purpofes of fuch Prefentment, and lhall be repaid by fuch Treafurer to the Colledtor of Excife of the Diftridt, in like manner and under the like Regulations in all refpedts as are mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the faid recited A<ft of the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with refpedt to Advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland> for the Purpofes of the faid recited

Adi;

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.71.

Ad ; and that it fhall be lawful for the Grand Jury making fuch Commiflioners Prefentment (if they fhall think fit fo to do) to appoint Commif- n™y beappo.nt-fioners for caufing the faid Prefentments to be carried into Execu- j(ur/ lJn tion and Effed, and for fuch Commiflioners to ad in carrying fuch Prefentments into Execution and Effed, and to contrad for the Execution thereof, and alfo to receive and expend and account for all Monies on account of fuch Prefentment in fuch and the like manner, and with all fuch Powers and under all fuch Regulations to all Intents and Purpofes, as fuch Grand Jury and Commiflioners re-fpedively, or any other Perfon or Perfons, are authorized and required to do, under or by virtue of the faid recited Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in all cafes provided for by the faid recited Ad, and as if all fuch Powers and Regulations., and all Claufes in the faid recited Ad relating to the fame, were repeated and reenaded in this Ad ; any thing in any Ad or Ads Specially relating to fuch Gaol or Prifon to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded and declared, That before Eefore Money is •any Advance fhall be made by the Eord Lieutenant or other Chief advanced Plan of Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being in manner au- Works and thorized by this Ad, the Place or Site upon which fuch Gaol is in- a^rov^b^ ^ tended to be built, or has been in part built, together with the Plan j orci Ljeute-adopted for the Execution of the faid Work, and alfo the Contrad nant.

or Contrads for completing the fame, fhall be laid before and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being ; and that it fhall not be lawful for the Grand Jury or Commiflioners to depart from the Plan fo approved of.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes in which the Powers given by Grand Jury of any County, County of a City^, or County of a Town, special Atfs to fhall, under the Provifions of this Ad, make fuch Prefentment as ceafe, after fuch aforefaid, and that fuch Advance fhall be thereupon made by the ^J^nces ^ Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the time being, then and in every fuch cafe, all Rights, Powers

and Authorities given by fuch fpecial Ad or Ads to all Bodies

and Perfons therein mentioned fhall ceafe and determine, and be of no

Effed, any thing in any fuch Ad or Ads notwithftanding; and Unapplied Mo-

that all Monies theretofore railed by virtue of any fuch fpecial Ad mes railed under

or Ads, and remaining unapplied in the Hands or Power of any A<^s t0 be

Body, or Perfon or Perfons, to the Purpofes thereof, fhall, after the Xreafurer of the

making of fuch Prefentment and Advance, be forthwith paid over County in Aid

or transferred by fuch Body or Perfon or Perfons refpedively to the of Prefentments.

Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town,

in aid of fuch Prefentment to be made under this Ad, as if fuch

Money had been originally prefented for fuch Purpofes under the Provifions of the faid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or of this Ad ; and that from and after the Appointment Materials previ-of the Commiflioners fo to be appointed as aforefaid, all Materials oufly purchaied previoufly purchafed or procured tor or towards the Completion of ve/te(1 *n Romany fuch Gaol or Prifon fhall be and become veiled in fuch Com- mi®oneis* miflioners for the Purpofes of this Ad: Provided always, that perfons who nothing herein contained fhall prevent the Perfon or Perfons who have received may have received Money under the Provifions of any fuch fpecial Money to ac- • Ad or Ads, and who fhall not have the fame forthcoming at the counL

time

Hosted by Google

54 0-3. c. 149-

55	g-3- c* i32"

56	G. 3. c. 105.

54 G. 3-C.I49-as altered by 56 G. 3. c.105. S:c. continued.

10 Ei II W.3. c. *o.

C.71 — 73.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

time of making any Prefentment or Advance by virtue of this Aft, or who fhall not have accounted for the fame, from being liable to account for the fame in the manner provided by fuch fpecial Aft or Afts, any thing in this prefent Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all the Provifions of any fuch fpecial Aft or Afts for the fuing for and recovering all fuch Sums as fhall not be accounted for fhall remain in fuch cafes in full Force ; and all fuch Sums as fhall be fo recovered fhall be paid over or transferred to the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. LXXII.

An Aft to continue until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament Two Afts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

[7th July 1817.]

( TTTHEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fourth Year of ‘ VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A El to regu-‘ late until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament the Trade in Spi-

*	rits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and which, by ‘ an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, was continued until the End of the then next Seflion of 6 Parliament : And Whereas by an Aft made in the laft Seflion of

*	Parliament to amend and continue the faid recited Aft of the 6 Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, and to grant and allow new counter-‘ vailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported c between England and Scotland and Ireland refpeftively, the faid 6 recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid was and is further 4 continued, except fo far as the fame was altered by the laft men-6 tioned Aft, until the End of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, 4 and it is expedient that the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fourth 4 Year aforefaid, fo altered as aforefaid, and fuch Parts of the 4 faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament as are now in

*	force fhould be further continued ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, as altered by the faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, and alfo fuch Parts of the faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament as are now in force, and the feveral Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted and allowed and now payable, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby further continued from and after the End of this prefent Seffion of Parliament, and fhall remain and continue in force from thence until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Aft: to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay Yarn from Ireland by Licence obtained there. [7th July 1817.] 4 TTTHEREAS an Aft paffed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years 4 VV of the Reign of His late Majefty King William the Third,

4 intituled

Hosted by

Google

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.73,	7

‘ intituled An Ad to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the ‘ Kingdoms of Ireland and England ijito Foreign Parts, and for the i Encouragement of the Woollen Manufadures in the Kingdom of ‘ England : And Whereas another A6t palled in the Twenty fixfh 4 Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Second,

*	intituled An Ad for permitting the Exportation of Wool or Woollen c or Bay Tarn from any Poi't in Ireland to any Port in Great Bri-6 tain : And Whereas it is expedient to extend and amend the Pro-

*	vifions of the faid recited A£ls Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A6t it (hall be lawful to export from that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to import into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, any Woollen or Bay Yarn : Provided always, that Notice be firft given to the Commillioners of Revenue in Ireland, or the Chief Officers in the Port from which the fame is intended to be brought, of the Quantity, Quality and Package, together with the Marks and Number thereof, with the Name of the Ship and the Mailer or Commander on which the faid Goods are to be laden, and the Place or Port into which they are intended to be imported; and that Bond be firft entered into, to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succelfors, with One or more fufficient Sureties, in Treble the Value of the Goods fo intended to be exported, that the fame lhall (the Dangers of the Seas excepted) be landed at the Port to which they are intended to be brought; and that a Licence be alfo firft taken under the Hands of the faid Commillioners of Revenue, or any Two or more of them for the time being, or from the Chief Officers of the Port where fuch Bond is given, for the Landing thereof as aforefaid, which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Perfon demanding the fame ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An A£l to extend feveral A£ts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porto Maria in the Illand of Jamaicay and to the Port of Bridgetown in the Illand of Barba does.	[7	th	July	1817.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is provided by an Act palled in the Forty ‘ VV fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad c to confolidate and extend the feveral Laws now in force for allowing c the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises 6 into and from certain Ports in the Weft Indies, that certain Articles

*	therein enumerated may be imported into the’ feveral Ports therein c named from Foreign Colonies in the Wejl Indies : And Whereas

*	by one other A 61, palled in the Forty eighth Year of Hi9 faid

*	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to permit the Importation of c Rice, Grain and Flour from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent c of America, into certain Ports in the Weft Indies ; and to allow 1 certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America s into the Britilh Provinces in North America, for the Purpofe of Ex-

* port at ion

255

26 0.3. c. 11.

Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of Woollen or Bay Yarn allowed, on Notice, and other the Conditions herein mentioned.

Licence granted without Fee,

450.3.

§ 1.

48 G.3, C. 13Cv §3.

Hosted by Google

25G

C.7 4,

5?" GEO.

a.d. lsi

47 O. 3. leff, 2.

c. 34.

50 G. j. c. 2t.

Goods as by A5 G.3• c.57. may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and alfo Rice, Grain, See. may be imported into and exported from Port Maria in Jamaica, and Bridgetown in Barbadoes, to any Foreign Colonies in America,

portation to the Britilh Iflands in the Weft Indies, it is enadled,

6 that in addition to the Articles enumerated in the afore recited i Adi palled in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majeily's 6 Reign, it lhali be lawful to import, under the like Authority,

£ Reflrtdlions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures pro-c vided in the faid recited Adt, the Articles of Rice, Grain of all c Sorts, and Flour, from any Colonies and Plantations in America c belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European e Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports in Colonies or Plan-c tations belonging to His Majelly in the Wejl Indies which are c particularly'- enumerated in the faid Adi, or in another Adi palled

* in the Forty feventh Year of His Majelly refpedling the Port c of Amjlerdam, in the Ifland of Curacoa, in any Foreign Ship,

4 Schooner or other Foreign Velfel whatever, not having more than c One Deck, and being manned and navigated by Perfons inhabit-‘ ing any of the faid Colonies or Plantations belonging to any Fo-i reign Sovereign or State : And Whereas by one other Adi, palled

*	in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled 6 An Alt for amending, and continuing fo amended, until the Twenty 6 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, an c A El of the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majcfiy, for confolidating c and extending the fevered Laws in force for allowing the Import-c ation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandixes into and c from certain Ports in the Well Indies, it is enadled, that until the 6 Twenty fifth Dayr of March One thoufand eight hundred and 6 twelve, it lhali and may be lawful to import and export the Ar-4 tides in the faid Adt mentioned at the Ports therein mentioned, ‘ under the Rules and Regulations of the faid Adi, in any Foreign 6 Sloop, Schooner or other Velfel as therein deferibed, although c fuch Sloop, Schooner or VelTel lhali have more than One Deck ; c which by a fubfequent Adi was continued until the Twenty fifth 6 Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and 6 by one other fubfequent Adi was revived and made perpetual : c And Whereas it is expedient to permit the like Importation and ‘ Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the

*	Port Maria on the North Side of the 111 and of Jamaica, and 6 into and from the Port of Bridgetown in the Illand of Barbadoes, c in the Wefi Indies ;y Be it therefore enadled by The King's Moll Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Eords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adt fuch Goods and Commodities as by the afore recited Adi palled in the Forty fifth Year of His Majelly ?s Reign may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and alfo Rice, Grain of all Sorts and Flour, may be alfo imported into and exported from the Port Maria on the North Side of the Illand of Jamaica, and into and from the Port of Bridgetown in the Illand of Barbadoes, in the Wefi Indies, from and to any Colonies and Plantations in America, belonging to and under the Dominion of any^ Foreign European Sovereign or State, in the like Ships and Velfels, under fuch Rules, Regulations, Rellridlions and Conditions, and fubjedt to fuch Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, deferibed, and provided in the faid Adis, -and in the aforefaid recited Adi palled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Maje%’’s R.eign*

CAP.

Hosted by Google

CAP. LXXV.

An Adft to abolifh the Punifhment of Public Whipping on

Female Offenders.	[7th	July	1,817.]

5	XX7 HERE AS the Punifhment of Public Whipping of Female c VV Offenders has been found inexpedient;’ Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi Judgment fhall not be given and awarded againft any Female or Females con-vidled of any Offence that fuch Female Offender or Offenders do fuffer the Punifhment of being publicly whipped; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwitb{landing.

II. And be it further enadled, That in all cafes where the Punifhment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders has hitherto formed the Whole or Part of the Judgment to be pronounced, it fhall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any fuch Offender fhall be tried, to pafs fuch Sentence of Confinement to Hard Labour in the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, in lieu of the Sentence of being publicly whipped, as to the faid Court fhall feem molt proper : Provided, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend in any manner to change, alter or affedl any Punifhment whatfoever, which may now7 be by Law inflidled in refpedl to any Offence, except only the Punifhment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders, in manner as herein above is enadled.

CAP. LXXVI.

Adi to amend an Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the LTniverfities in Scotland.

[7th July 1817.]

*	TY7HEREAS by an Adi made in the Fifty fourth Year of the ( VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Adt to regulate c the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfities in 6 Scotland, it is enadted, that no Allowance fhall be made for 6 Paper ufed in the Printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, c Oriental or Northern Languages, within the faid Univerfities, 6 uiilefs the Chief Managers of the Prefs in fuch Univerfities fhall 6 fubfcribe at the Foot of the Certificate mentioned in the laid Adf 6 an Oath in Writing, made before the Vice Chancellors of the fame, c that the Whole of the faid Edition of the Book fo printed is c printed for the Ufe and Behoof of the Univerfities refpedively for c which the fame exprefs to be printed: And Whereas it is expe-*■ dient that the faid Oath fliould be made in the Terms and before

*	the Perfon or Perfons hereinafter mentioned P Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adi fuch Allowance as is by the faid recited Adi granted fhall be made for

57 Geo* III.	8	'	Paper

Judgment of Public Whipping fhall not be awarded on Females.

Tnftead thereof Hard Labour in the Houfe of Correction.

Proviib.

J4G.3. c.ih;

1 *•

Oath to be made to certain Particulars befejo

Hosted by Google

C. 76,77.

57° GEO. ILL

A.D.1817.

the Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfity fliall be paid.

Certificate to be produced to CommifTioners of Excife.

54 G. 3. c. 86.

Provifions of recited Adt applicable to Prizes fubfequently made.

Paper ufed in the printing fuch Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages within the faid Univeriities, at any time from and after the Twenty eighth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, provided the Chief Manager or Managers of the Prefs in fuch Univerfities refpedlively lhall fubfcribe at the Foot of fuch Certificate refpedlively, as is in the faid Aft mentioned, an Oath in Writing made before the Vice Chancellor, Principal or Redlor, or by whatever other Name or Names the Principal of fuch Univerfities refpedlively may be known or diftinguifhed, that the Whole of the faid Edition of the Book fo printed was and is printed for the faid Univerfities refpedlively for which the fame exprefs to be printed, and that no Bookfeller or Book-fellers or other Perfon or Perfons had or hath or have any Share or Intereft therein, or in the Drawback or Allowance payable on or in refpedl of the Paper on which the fame was and is printed, which Certificate (hall be produced to the Commifiloners of Excife or any Two of them, and without which the faid Commifiloners fhall not be and are not authorized to caufe Payment to be made of fuch Drawback or Allowance of the Duties on the Paper fo ufed, or any Part thereof; and provided alfo, that all other the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions and Provifions contained or referred to in the faid Adi, be fully observed, performed and fulfilled.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Adi for extending the Provifions of an Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and for authorizing the CommifTioners of Chelfea Hofpital to fufpend the Penfions of fuch Perfons as fhall be guilty of Frauds in refpedl of Prize Money or Penfions.	[7th	July	1817.]

c TT7HEREAS an Adi patted in the Fifty fourth Year of the c VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for re-‘ gulating the Payment of Army Prize Money, and to provide for c the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelfea Hofpital : < And Whereas Doubts may arife whether the faid Adi, and the c Provifions, Powers, Regulations, Pains and Penalties therein con-4 tained, are applicable and relate to Grants, Captures or Prizes 4 made in any War or Hoftilities fubfequent to that which exifted 4 at the time when the faid recited Adt was pafied : And Whereas it 6 is expedient that the faid Doubts fhould be prevented or removed, 4 and that the faid Adi fhould be explained, and the Provifions, 4 Powers, Regulations, Pains and Penalties therein contained fhould 4 be declared to extend to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made in 4 any War or Hoftilities in which His Majefty has been engaged 4 fince the palling of the faid recited AdtBe it therefore enadled by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all the Claufes, Enadlments, Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains and Punifiiments, as well of Death as other-wife, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things in the faid recited Adi contained* or thereby continued, and all Forms, matters and things in the Schedules to the faid recited Adi fet forth and

con-

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.77.

259

contained, fhall be and tbe fame are hereby declared to be applicable, as well to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made during the War which was in Exiftence at the time when the faid Adi was palTed, as to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made in or in confe-quence of any War or Hoflilities in which His Majefty has been engaged fince the palling of the faid recited Adlj and that as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Claufes, Enadlments, Provifions,, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains, Pu-nilhments, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters. Forms and things were feverally repeated and reenadled in the Body of, and made Part of this Adi.

4 II. And Whereas no fufficient Provifion is made for punifhing 4 Frauds relating to Penfions or Prize Money, and it is expedient e that Power fhould be given to the Commillioners of the Royal c Hofpital for Soldiers at Chelfea, to take away or fufpend the Pen-c lions of fuch Perfons as fhall be guilty of Frauds or other grofs 4 Mifcondudl Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it lhall and may be lawful for the Commillioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, and they are hereby authorized and empowered upon Complaint and Proof being made to them of any Fraud, either with refpedl to the Receipt of Prize Money or Penlion, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, or of other grofs Mifcondudl attempted or pradlifed by any Perfon being a Penlioner of the faid Royal Hofpital, to fufpend or entirely to take away the Penfion of the Perfon fo offending, and to iffue to the Paymalter of Out Penlions of the faid Royal Hofpital a Certificate, under the Hand of the faid Commillioners or Three or more of them, of any Penfion being fo fufpended or taken away ; and upon the faid Certificate being iffued to the faid Pay-mafter of Penfions, he lhall fufpend the Payment of the Penfion therein mentioned, according to the Tenor of the faid Certificate; any thing in any other Adi contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithllanding.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, upon Proof having been fatisfadlorily made to him that there were any Regimental Debts due from any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier at the time of his Death, and fuch Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier had Prize Money due to him at his Deceafe, to iffue to the Agent for the faid Prize Money, or if the fame lhall have been paid over to Chelfea Hofpital, then to the Treafurer of the faid Hofpital or his Deputy, a Certificate of the Amount of fuch Regimental Debts, together with a Requifition that the fame may be paid out of the Prize Money of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier ; and the faid Agent or Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital refpedlively lhall thereupon referve out of the faid Prize Money and pay over to the Perfon named in fuch Requifition the Amount fo due from the faid Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, before any other Claims upon the faid Prize Money lhall be paid ; and the Order of the faid Secretary at War and the Receipt of the Payee in fuch Requifition named fhall be the full and fufficient Vouchers and Difcharge to the faid Agent or Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital refpedlively, for the Amount fo paid by virtue of and in compliance with the faid Requifition.

IV.	And be it enadled, That all Sums of Money due in refpedl

S 2	of

Commiflioners of Chellea Hofpital may fufpend or take away Penfions, Sec. in cafes of Fraud.

Regimental Debts of deceaf-ed Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers to be paid out of their Prize Money.

Hosted by Google

260

C.77, 78.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Military Clothing, Appointments, &c. to be deemed Regimental Debts.

Attmay be altered, See, this Seffion.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Com inifli oned Officers and Soldiers iod. per Diem till J Lily 2/j, and after that Day is. -2d.

of any Military Clothing, Appointments or Equipments, or in re-fpe£t of any Quarters, or of any Mefs or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of Money due to any Agent or Paymafter or Quar-termafter, or any other Officer upon fuch Account as aforefaid, or on account of any Advances made for any fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, ffiall be deemed and taken to be Regimental Debts for the Purpofes of this A£t.

V. And be it further enadled, That this A£l may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or A6ts to be pafled in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVIIL An A£t for fixing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[7th July 1817.3

‘	by	Two	Ads	palfed	in the prefent Seffion of

‘ VV Parliament for puniffiing Mutiny and Deferdon, and for the c better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enaded, i that Officers and Soldiers ffiall be furniffied with Diet and Small ‘ Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates that c are or ffiall be eftabliffied by any Ad or Ads of Parliament ; and ‘ an Option is given to Innholders, and others upon whom Officers

*	and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furniffi certain Articles ‘ gratis in lieu of Diet and Small Beer ; and it is juft and expe-c dient that an adequate Allowance ffiall be made and eftabliffied

*	for Provifion and other Articles furniffied to Officers and Sol-i dicrsP May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Non Commifiioned Officer and Private Soldier who ffiall be furniffied with Diet and Small Beer, within thofe Parts of the United Kingdom fpecified in the faid recited Ads, by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non Commifiioned Officers or Private Soldiers ffiall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the faid Ads, ffiall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Ten pence per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclufive, and from and after that Day the Sum of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem; and that for fuch Allowances of Ten pence and One Shilling and Two pence the Innholder or other Perfon ffiall furniffi One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Non Commifiioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to coufift of fuch Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or ffiall be fpecified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majefty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being drefled, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper ; and that the Accounts of the fame ffiall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is diredted by the faid Adts.

II. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Innholders, or

other

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. 111.

C. 78.

261

other Perfons on whom any Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Men {hall be quartered within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, (hall, by virtue of theTaid Option in the faid Adis, fur-niffi fuch Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of furnifhing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate prelcribed by this Adi, fuch Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the faid Articles ffiall have been fo fupplied, (hall receive in confideration thereof One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier ; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem (hall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is diredled touching the Rate aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enadted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Perfon within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Forces ffiall be quartered by virtue of the faid Adis, for Hay and Straw, ffiall be Ten pence per Diem for each Horfe until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclufive, and from and after that Day One Shilling per Diem.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers ffiall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Perfons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rate hereinbefore prefcribed while on the March, as alfo on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Deftination, and on the Two fubfequdnt Days, unlefs either of the Two fubfequent Days (hall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where fuch Officers or Soldiers ffiall be billetted, or within the Diftance of Two Miles thereof; in which cafe it ffiall be lawful for the Innholder or other Perfon as aforefaid to difcontinue on and from fuch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furniffi in lieu thereof the Articles in the faid recited Adt fpecified, and at the Rate hereinbefore preferibed.

V.	Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Perfon liable by the faid recited Adts to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her ffiall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of fur-niffiing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the faid Adis, every fuch Vidtualier or other Perfon may be proceeded againft and fined in like manner as if he or file had refufed to furniffi or allow, according to the Directions of the faid recited. Adts, the feveral things refpedlively diredled to be furniffied to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, fhall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto ffiall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Perfons on whom they ffiall be billetted at fuch intermediate Place, for fuch time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Deftination, according to this A<ft»

S 3	VII. Pro-

Further Allowance of One Halfpenny per Diem.

For Horfes quartered, iod. per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw till July 2,4; after that Day is.

Regulation with relpe6t to dieting Non Com-milTioned Officers and Soldiers on their March.

Perfons liable to billetting paying Money to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers on the March in lieu of fumiffiing Diet and Small Beer, liable to be fined.

When halted oil a March, Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small Beer as after arriving at their Deilination;

Hosted by Google

262

C. 78, 79.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

snil if fuch Halting be only for a Day after Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be difcon-tinued.

Regulations re-fpefting Recruiting Paities and Recruits on their March-

Continuance of A&.

ACt may be altered, &c. this Seflioti.

VII. Provided neverthelefs, That whenever it ffiall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March, fhall be halted, and it (hall appear by the Marching Orders that it is not intended that fuch Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment /hall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after fuch Arrival fhall be fuch Market Day as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Perfons on whom the Non Commi/Tioned Officers and Soldiers fhall be billetted to difcontinue on fuch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small B^er to any fuch Officers, or Soldiers; but that all fuch Officers and Soldiers fhall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from fuch Innholders and other Perfons aforefaid upon fuch Market Day as aforefaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prefcribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if fuch Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof not-withftanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raifed, fhall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlifted after the Two Days fub-fequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station fhall be entitled to be fupplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates hereinbefore prefcribed, except at the Option of the Perfon on whom he ffiall be quartered : Provided alfo neverthelefs, that in cafe any fuch Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raifed, (hall remove from their Station, and after a time fhall return to the fame Place, they and the Recruits by them raifed, fo returning, fhall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for fuch Two Days as aforefaid, unlefs the Period between the time of their Removal from fuch Place, and their Return thereto, fhall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That this A A ffiall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that all Payments which have been made, and all A£ts, matters and things done in purfuance of or in conformity with the Provilions thereof, ffiall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if this A£t had paffed before the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this A6t may be altered and varied by any A£t to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP, LXXIX.

An Adc to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.	[7th	July	1817.]

1 \ 1U PEREAS it is expedient that Facility ffiould be given to 4 VV the Transfer from Great Britain to Ireland of certain Pub-

« lie

Hosted by Google

67° GEO. in.

C. 7‘j.

26a

4 lie Funds, Stocks or Annuities, and that for that Purpofe ‘the 6 Dividends and Intereft upon certain Irijh Funds, Stocks, An-c nuities and Debentures fhould be made payable at the fame Pe-

*	riods as the Dividends and Intereft of certain BritiJJj Stocks,

*	Funds or Annuities are payable : In order to carry the fame fully

*	into Effe6l,’ Be it ena61ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That the Dividends or Intereft Dividends pay-which, under and by virtue of any A6fs in force immediately before able on March the palling of this A61, are due and payable at the Bank of Ireland 25, and Sept. 29, on the Twenty fifth Day of March and Twenty ninth Day of Sep- Annuities, tember in every Year, and at the Bank of England on the Twenty to be paid at the* fifth Day of March and the Twenty fifth Day of September in every times herein Year, on the feveral Irifh Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds mentioned. per Centum per Annum, transferable at the faid Bank of Ireland and Bank of England refpeftively, lhall be paid up to the Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days refpe&ively of Septe?nber next after the palling of this A61; and that on the Tenth Day of 0Bober next enfuing the faid Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days refpe&ively of September, Eleven Days’ Intereft or Dividends on fuch of the faid Annuities as are transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and Fifteen Days’ Intereft or Dividends on fuch of the faid Annuities as are transferable at the Bank of England, from the faid Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days refpeftively of September to the faid Tenth Day of 0Bober-, lhall be paid to the Holders of any fuch Annuities, in addition to fuch former Half Yearly Intereft or Dividends up to the faid Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days refpedfively of September, fo as fully to meet the Demand of the Public Creditor up to the faid Tenth Day of OBober ; and that all fucceeding Half Yearly Payments of Dividends and Intereft on the faid Annuities lhall become due and payable, and fhall be paid and made at the faid Banks refpe6tively, on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of OBober in each and every Year; and the Dividends and The Dividends Intereft which under and by virtue of any fuch A6fs are due and payable on the payable at the Bank of Ireland upon the Twenty fourth Day of hiih 3a Per June and Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year, on the feve- Cent, and 4 pev ral Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings and t06be paid-up'to Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the faid Bank, the times herein and on the Debentures payable there with Intereft after the Rate mentioned, of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings and Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, lhall be paid up to the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the palling of this A6f and that on the Fifth Day of January One thouland eight hundred and eighteen, Eleven Days’

Intereft or Dividends from the faid Twenty fifth Day of December to the faid Fifth Day of January fhall be paid to the Holders of any fuch laft mentioned Annuities or Debentures, in addition to fuch former Half Yearly Intereft or Dividend up to the faid Twenty fifth Day of December, fo as fully to meet the Demand of the Public Creditor up to the faid Fifth Day of January ; and that all fucceeding Payments of Dividends and Intereft on fuch laft mentioned Annuities and Debentures lhall become due and be payable, and lhall be paid and made at the faid Bank, Half Yearly on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in each and every fucceeding

S	4?	Year,.

Hosted by Google

C.79.-

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

J b 1

Proviib for killing Sum necef-iary to difcharge Dividends for the ii Days beyond the former Days of Payment out of Iriih Confolidated Fund.

Perfons holding 3 per Cent. Con-ibis Stock ti ans-ferrable at the Bank of England may transfer the fame for corre-fpor.ding Stock transferrable at the Bank of Ireland.

Year, in fuch manner to all Intents and PurpofeS as if the faid fe-veral Periods of Payment had been feverally mentioned and fpecified in the feveral A61s whereby the faid feveral Stocks, Funds, An-*> nuities or Debentures, or any of them, or any Part of them, were feverally created, and the Dividends and Intereft thereon refpec-tively made payable ; any thing in the faid A&s, or any of them, or any other Act or A6ls to the contrary in anywife notwith-ilanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That upon Certificate from the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, chequed and certified by the Loan Clerk in the Exchequer of Ireland, of the Sum neceffary to meet the Payment of inch feveral Interefts or Dividends as (hall be payable in Ireland for fuch Periods of Eleven Days re-fpedtively, it fhall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Warrant for iffuing out of the Produce of the Confolidated Fund arifing in Ireland, to the faid Governor and Company, fuch Sum or Sums as may be neceffary to difcharge fuch feveral Interefls or Dividends for fuch Periods of Eleven Days refpedlively.

III.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons holding Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, to transfer fuch Stock or Annuities for the Purpofe of having correfponding Sums written in and confolidated with and made Part of 'the Capital of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and that from and after the

Tenth Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen it fhall and may be lawful for any JPerfon or Perfons holding Stock in the Briti/Jo Funds of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, transferrable at the Bank of England, or in Irijh Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the faid Bank of England, to transfer fuch Stock or Annuities refpedlively for the Purpofe of having cor-refponding Sums written in and confolidated with and made Part of the Capital of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and that all fuch Transfers (hall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned and fet forth.

Seale upon which fuch Transfers lhall be made.

IV. And be it further enadled, That the Scale upon which every fuch Transfer or Transfers fhall be made under the Authority of this A6t, of any Sum or Sums from the feveral before mentioned Stocks, Funds, or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England for the Purpofe of having correfponding Sums written into or confolidated with the faid feveral before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, fhall be as follows ; that is to fay, that every Perfon who fhall fo transfer any fuch Sum or Sums fhall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, fo transferred, be

entitled

Hosted by

Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.79.

265

entitled to the Sum of Ninety two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two pence in the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ire-land; for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, fo transferred, every fuch Perfon fhall be entitled to the Sum of Eighty fix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bnnk of Ireland; and for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thonfand feven hundred and ninety feven, tranferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Ir'ijlo Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, fo transferred, every fuch Perfon (hall be entitled to the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity or Sum of any fuch Stocks, Funds or Annuities fo transferred refpedlivelv.

V. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons having or poffieffiing any Stock in the feveral before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, to apply in writing to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and which Application fhall be according to fuch Form as (hall be eftablifhed by the faid Governor and Company, and (hall be the fame in all cafes, for Permiffion to transfer fuch Stocks, Funds or Annuities refpedtively, for the Pur-pofe of having correfponding Sums written in and confolidated with the feveral before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, as the cafe may require, according to the Provillons of this A£t ; and thereupon, and upon fuch Perfon or Perfons transferring fuch Stocks, Funds or Annuities fo transferrable at the Bank of England, or any Part thereof, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Names of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpofe of their cancelling and difcharging the fame from the National Debt in Great Britain, it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the time being, and they are hereby refpedtively authorized and required, to grant a-Certificate to the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Transfer, directed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and which Certificate (hall be alfo according to a Form which fhall be eftablifhed by the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and (hall be the fame in all cafes j and fuch Certificate fhall' ftate that the Perfon or Perfons therein mentioned has or have transferred the Stocks, Funds or Annuities therein defcribed to the faid Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpofe of having correfponding Sums written in the Name of fuch Perfon or Perfons and confolidated with fuch Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures in Ireland as the fame are applicable to, deicribing the fame, and Hating the Amount in fuch Irijh Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures refpedtively to which luch Perfon or Perfons fhall be fo entitled in refpedt of fuch Transfer, according to the Scale hereinbefore fet forth.

VI. And

Application Tor transferring Stock to be made, to tb^e Bank of England in Writing.

In cafes of Transfers made to the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Certificates to be granted diredted to the Bank of Ireland.

What fuch Certificate is to date.

Hosted by Google

C.79.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Stock transfer-red to the faid Commiffioners cancelled.

Books provided for entering Transfers made to the faid Commiffioners may be infpeited without Fee.

Certificate of Amount of Stocktransferred to the Exchequer.

No fuch Trans fersfhallbe made within One Month preceding the Days when the Dividends become due.

On Production of Certificate of Bank of England, Bank of Ireland to write the Sums therein fpecified into their Books, to be confolidated with the feveral exiting Stocks.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That immediately upon any fuch Transfer as aforefaid being made at the Bank of England to the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt in Great Britain, the Stocks, Funds or Annuities fo transferred to them fhall be cancelled and for ever difcharged from the Account of the National Debt in Great Britain.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books fhall be provided and kept, in which fhall be fairly entered the Names of all Perfons making any fuch Transfer of any fuch Stocks, Funds or Annuities to the Commiffioners for the ReduHion of the National Debt, under the Provifions of this Act, to which Book or Books it fhall and may be lawful for all Perfons making any fuch Transfer, their re-fpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, from time to time and at all feafonable times to refort and to infpe£t the fame without any Fee or Charge ; and the faid Accountant General fhall on or before the Fifteenth Day of March, the Fifteenth Day of June, the Fifteenth Day of September and the Fifteenth Day of December in each and every Year, tranfmit a Certificate, fairly written 011 Paper, of the total Amount of the feveral Stocks, Funds or Annuities fo transferred, fpecifying the annual Intereft thereon, into the Office of the Auditor of His Majefly’s Exchequer in Great Britain, and alfo into the Office of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and the Monies heretofore fet apart at His Ma-jefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Payment of the Intereft of the Capitals of the faid Stocks, Funds or Annuities fo transferred, fhall thenceforward ceafe and determine, and be no longer ifiued out of the Confolidated Fund in Great Britain.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon to make any Transfer, for the Purpofes of this A6t, of any fuch Britijh Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities, at any time within One Calendar Month next preceding the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July in any Year, nor to make any fuch Transfer of any fuch Britijlo Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities, or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, or Irtjh Five Pounds per Centum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, at any time within One Calendar Month next preceding the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of Odsber, in any Year ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further ena6led, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the- Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Produ&ion to them of any fuch Certificate or Certificates from the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, fo given for the Purpofes of this A£t, to write or caufe to be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland relating to the feveral Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Debentures refpefttvely, the Sums fpecified and contained in every fuch Certificate, in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties fpecified in every fuch Certificate ; and all and every fuch Sums and Sum fhall be refpeftively added to and made One joint Stock with the then exifting Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 79.

267

turn per Annum or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum refpedfively, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland\ as the cafe fhall require, and fhall be payable and transferrable at the Bank of Ireland at the fame time and in the fame maimer as fuch exifting Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds per Centum per Annum refpedlively, are payable and transferrable; and all fuch Sums fo written into the faid Books of the Bank of Ireland fhall be entitled to Intereft or Dividend from the laft Dividend Day immediately previous to the Transfer made under this Adi of the feveral Stocks, Funds or Annuities in refpedl of which fuch Sums were fo written in, and up to which Day the Dividend or Intereft on fuch feveral Stocks, Funds or Annuities fhall have been payable at the Bank of England.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That it fhall not be lawful No fuch Sums to to write in or confolidate any fuch Sum or Sums in the Books of vvTtcj;n "lc<? the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland relating to the B^nk o°f Ireland^ Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities trails- within Three ferrable at the Bank of Ireland, at any time within Three Weeks Weeks previous next preceding the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July to the refpe&ive in any Year ; nor to write in or confolidate any fuch Sum or Sums dividend Days, in the Books of the faid Governor and Company relating to the Five

Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the faid Bank, at any time within Three Weeks next preceding the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of Oftober in any Year ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Governor and Bank of Ireland Company of the Bank of Ireland fhall, upon making up their Books t0 certify to preparatory to the Payment of each and every Half yearly Intereft or ^u<!itor of Dividend, certify to the Auditor General of His Majefty’s Exchequer Loa^Clerk”^ in Ireland, and to the Loan Clerk there, the Amount of all Stocks, there, the Funds, Annuities or Debentures which fhall have been written into Amount of Stock the Books of the faid Governor and Company purfuant to this Adi vvr,tten into

in the Courfe of the preceding Half Year, and for which Intereft or ^leir Boo^s* Dividend fhall be and become payable purfuant to this Adt; and fuch Loan Clerk fhall certify by his Signature fuch Application from the faid Bank of Ireland for the total Amount of the Intereft or Dividend falling due, and fo to be applied for, with the leaft poftible Delay, provided fuch Demand from the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland fhall be correct; and thereupon it fhall Intereft to be and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor ilTued out of or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he or they is and 'I1e (^unlo'|dnte-d are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Warrant to jteland1 * ^ ^ iifue out of the Produce of the Confolidated Fund arifing in Ireland a fufficient Sum of Money for paying to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland the full Amount of all Intereft or Dividend fo becoming payable ; any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, or any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in cafe of the Lofs or Definition of any Certificate of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, given for the Purpofes of this Adi, it fhall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England^ and they are hereby refpedlively authorized and empowered, upon Proof of fuch Lofs or Deftrudlion

to

Duplicates may he granted ol Certificates loft or deftroyed.

Hosted by Google

26S

C.79.

57 GEO. III.

A.D. 1217'

i

Security to be given agaitid the Production of the Original*

If Original tendered afrer Duplicate adted upon, it may be detained and cancelled.

Counterfeiting Certificates, &c.

Felony.

Taking Fee for receTving any Certificate, &c.

Penalty ^ol.

to their Satisfaction* to grant a Duplicate of fuch Certificate ; and fuch Duplicate fhall be full and fufficient Authority to the Governor and Company oi the Bank of Ireland for the Purpofes of this Aft, and fhall Hand in the Place and Stead of the original Certificate, if fuch original Certificate fhall not have been previoufly found and produced to and afted upon by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland : Provided always, that upon any Lofs or Deftruc-tion, or alleged Lofs or Deftruftion, of any fuch original Certificate, and on the Production of any fuch Duplicate Certificate, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take from the Party or Parties tendering any fuch Duplicate full and fufficient Security to His Ma-jefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to indemnify the faid Governor and Company againil the Production of, or any Claim which fhall be made under or by virtue of, any fuch original Certificate fo loft or deflroyed, or alleged to have been loft or deftroyed; and if, at any time after a Duplicate Certificate fhall have been produced and afted upon under this Aft, the Original of fuch Certificate fhall be tendered to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, to detain fuch original Certificate, and to cancel the fame, and to tranfmit the fame fo cancelled to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandr, and to deliver up fuch Security as fhall have been entered into touching the faid original Certificate, to the Party or Parties entering into fuch Security, or fuch of them as fhall require the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perlon or Per-fons fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fhall willingly aft or affifl in the forging or counterfeiting any fuch Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or fhall alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or fhall utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Governor and CompanyTof the Bank of Ireland, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly afting or affifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convifted in due Form of Law, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever fhall be demanded or taken of any of His Majefty’s Subjefts for receiving any fuch Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or for paying the faid Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this Aft, upon pain that any Officer or Perfon offending by taking or demanding any fuch Fee, Reward or Gratuity, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Cofts of Suit, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wejl-minjler or Dublin refpeftively, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunftion or Order of Reflraint, or anymore than One Imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

'C. 80, 81.

269

CAP. LXXX.

An A61 for raifing the Sum of Nine Millions,' by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.	[ioth July iSiy.]

<£ TREASURY may raife 9,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in “ manner prefcribed by 48 G. 3. c.i. — § 1. The Claufes, 6cc. in <£ recited A 61 extended to this A 61. §2. Treafury to apply the “ Money raifed. $3. Exchequer Bills to be payable out of Sup-<£ plies for next Seffion. $4. Exchequer Bills to bear an Intereft <£ not exceeding 3-d. per Centum per Diem, §5, Exchequer Bills ££ current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1818. — §6, Bank of ££ England may advance 6,000,cool, on the Credit of this A6t, “ notwithstanding 5 &6W.&M. c. 20. — §y.

CAP. LXXXI.

An A£t for raifing the Sum of Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency, by Treafury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.	[ioth July 1817.]

££ Moil Gracious Sovereign, c \T7E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the * VV Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and c Ireland, in Parliament alfembled, being defirous of raifing the c neceflary Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted ‘ to Your Majefty in this Seffion of Parliament, have refolved that £ a Sum not exceeding Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds i Brittflo Currency be raifed by Treafury Bills in Ireland\ in manner c hereinafter mentioned and do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enadted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, if he or they fhall judge it advifable, at any time or times after the paffing of this A£t, to prepare and make and iflue, or caufe to be prepared or made and iflued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums refpedtively fpecified therein, (not exceeding in the Whole the Amount hereinafter mentioned and directed,) and declaring fuch Sum or Sums to be payable, or fuch Bills to pafs current at the Receipt of His Majeftyhs Exchequer in Ireland, at fuch time and times as fhall be directed by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’3 Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, and as fhall be expreffed in fuch Bills refpe&ively, and fuch Bills fhall bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and the faid Bills fhall be numbered in Arithmetical Pro-greffion, beginning with Number Oik.

Treafury may iflue Bills to a certain Extent, to bear Intereft*

Hosted by Google

C. 81.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817,

Bills iffued not to exceed 3,6oo,oooL.

Bills, it' not paid off, (lull be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland after Inch time as the Treafury fhall appoint.

Intereft to ceafe.

Money carried to frifh Confo-lidated Fund.

Bills to he chargeable on Confolidated Fuud of U. K.

Bank of Ireland and Bank of England may advance the Sum of 3,600,0001. on the Credit of this Aft.

II. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize the laid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners of the Treafury to iffue any fuch Bills under this ACt to any Amount exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency; and that fuch Bills fhall be iffued for fo much only of the faid Sum of Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds Briti/b Currency as fhall be aCtually paid by any Perfon or Perfons into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, at the Inftance or by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury or any Three of them now or for the time being; and that the Intereft on the faid Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, fhall commence from the iffuing thereof refpeCtively, and fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatfoever ; and that every fuch Bill fo to be iffued for the faid Sum of Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, fhall or may, on or after fuch time or times as (hall be appointed by the faid Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or by the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, if not fooner paid off, be received and taken by and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Cuftoms, Excife or any Revenue, Aid or Tax arifmg in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Cuftom, Excife, or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter refpeCtively to become due or payable to His Majeffy, His Heirs and Succeffors, in Ireland, and fhall be taken, pafs and be current at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, from every fuch Receiver or ColleCtor, for or in refpeCt of the Cuftoms, Excife, or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after fuch time or times fo to be appointed as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That as foon as any of the faid Treafury Bills, which fhall or may be iffued in purfuance of this ACt, fhall be received by any Receiver or Collector, purfuant to the Proviflons of this ACt, all Intereft fhall ceafe from the Day of fuch Receipt, and fhall be no. longer payable thereon, and the fame, when paid by fuch Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland, fhall be cancelled.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this ACt fhall be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Dublin, and (hall be carried to and form Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ariling in Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That all the faid Treafury Bills, and all Intereft thereon, or which (hall become payable in refpeCt of the faid Sum of Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be repaid out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to advance or lend to His Majefty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, or at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in London, any Sum or

Sums

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.81, 82.

271

Sams of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Three millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency, any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding ; fo that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Intereft, Difcount, Gratuity or other Coniideration, (hall be demanded or taken by filch or any of the laid Governors and Companies refpedively, or by any Perfon on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money fo advanced.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Lord High Trea-furer, or Commiflioners of His Majcfty’s Treafury, do and fhall order and direct, and caufe to be paid into the Bank of England, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatfoever, all Intereft which fhall become due and payable on fuch Part of the faid Sum as fhall be railed or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, until fuch time as the Holders of fuch Treafury Bills fhall be paid their Principal Money, with all Intereft remaining due thereon, at One entire Payment, at the faid Bank of England.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the proper Officers of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby authorized and required to obey all fuch Orders, as to the Iffue and Delivery of fuch Treafury Bills as fhall be required to be tranfmitted to England, as they fhall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Ad to continue an Ad palled in Ireland in the Thirteenth

and Fourteenth Years of His prefent Majefty refpeding

certain Annuities, fo long as the faid Annuities {hall be

payable.	[10th July 1817.]

6 TT7HEREAS an Ad was made in the Parliament of Ireland in 6 VV the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His ‘ prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to explain and amend an Ad, paffed ( in this SeJJion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for granting Annuities

*	in the manner therein provided) to fuch Perfons as Jljall voluntarily c fubfcribe towards raifing a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two c hundred and fixty fve thoufand Pounds ; which faid Ad has by

*	feveral fubfequent Ads been continued, and is in force until and f upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight bun-c dred and feventeen, and it is expedient that the faid recited Ad ‘ fhould be further continued Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Ad fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and fhall be in force in Ireland from the faid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, fo long as the faid Annuities fhall be payable, and as the faid Ad for granting Annuities Qr any of the Provifions for the fame fhall remain in force, and require to be carried into Effed ; and the faid A6\ for granting Annuities, and the faid Ad for explaining and amending the fame, fhall be com ftrued together as one Ad.

C A P.

Intereft arifing in England to be paid into the Bank till Holders paid Principal and Imereti.

Tranfmitting Treafury Bills to England,

13 & 14 G. 3. (I.)

continued.

Hosted by Google

272

C.83.

5 7°GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

5&0. 3-c 89.

i?o,'2.96I- 9s. 4d. Five per Cents, (landing in the Books of the Bank of England in the Names of the Commiflion-ers for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland or U. K. declared cancelled from 35th March.

Bank to place the Dividends to the Account of the Commilhon-ers for the Reduction of the National Debt, 26 G.3. c.31. and indemnified.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An A<ft to amend an Aft, made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland.	[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Aft to provide for the Charge of certain i Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Tear 4 One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, it was enafted, that the 4 Sum of One million eight hundred fifty two thoufand and feventy 4 two Pounds Five Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, ftand-4 ing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 Ireland in the Names of the Commiflioners for the Reduftion 4 of the National Debt in Ireland, ftiould be cancelled : And Whereas 4 Part of the faid Sum of One million eight hundred fifty two 4 thoufand and feventy two Pounds Five Pounds per Centum An-4 nuities, was, at the time of the pafling of the faid Aft, {landing in 4 the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England 4 in the Names of the faid Commiflioners, and it was intended that 4 the fame fhould be cancelled by the faid Aft Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Sum of One hundred eighty thoufand two hundred ninety fix Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence Five Pounds per Centum Irifh Annuities, {landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Names of the late Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland, or in the Names of the Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt of the United Kingdom, (hall be cancelled, and the faid Sum is hereby declared to be cancelled from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March accordingly ; and that from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March the Intereft or Dividend which would have been payable upon the faid Sum fo cancelled {hall ceafe to be iflued from the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland or in Great Britain, or to be charged upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof {hall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the faid Confolidated Fund, for the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occafioned by any Addition made or to be made to the Public Debt in the prefent ■Year.

II. And be it further enafted, That it {hall be lawful for the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required, to receive all the Arrears of Intereft or Dividends now due on the faid Annuities, and to place the fame to the Account of the Com-mifiioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, raifed in their Books under and in virtue of an Aft pafled in the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty,' intituled An Aft for vejling certain Sums in CommiJJioners at the End of every Quarter of the Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduftion of the National Debt; and that

14	the

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 83,84.

273

the faid Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and their Succeflbrs, {hall be and they are hereby held harmlefs and indemnified from and againft all Claims and Demands of or by any ' Perfon or Perfons for or by reafon or in confequence of the Payments by the faid Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England of the Dividends hereinbefore directed to be received ; and the faid Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England fhall not be required to fee to the Application of the faid Dividends, nor be in any manner refponfible for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An A<£1 to regulate the Offices of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England and Ireland refpe£tively.	[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Offices of Auditors and Tellers of His (	Majefty’s Exchequer in England and Ireland refpe&ively,

and of Clerks of the Pells in England and Ireland refpe&ively, are c Offices with refpedl to which it is expedient that a more econo-6 mical Execution of the Duties thereof refpedtively, after the 6 Termination of the prefent exifting Interefts therein refpe<5lively, 6 (hould be adopted;’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the feveral and refpe&ive Duties of the feveral and refpe&ive Offices of Auditor, and of each of the Four Tellers of His Majefty’s Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells in England, and of Auditor and of Teller of His Majefty’s Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells in Ireland, fhall, from and after and upon the refpedlive Terminations of the refpe&ive prefent exifting Interefts in each of the faid Offices re-fpe£lively, and as each of the faid Offices ffiall become vacant upon the Termination of fuch prefent exifting Interefts, be regulated under the Proviftons of this A&, and thereafter be executed and performed by the feveral and refpe&ive Perfons appointed to execute the fame in Perfon.

II. And be it further enacted, That from time to time as any of fuch refpe&ive Offices fhall become vacant upon the prefent exifting Intereft or Interefts therein, it fhall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-land, or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Eftablifhments of the Offices fo becoming vacant, fo as the faid Duties ffiall be performed in Perfon by fuch and fuch Number of fit and proper Perfons as may be fufficient and neceffary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the faid Offices, as the faid Commiffioners ffiall deem fit, with fuch Salaries or Emoluments as ffiall be ordered and appointed by the faid Commiffioners or any Three or 57 Geo. III.	T	more

Duties of certain Offices, after Expiration of exiting [ntereffs, to be performed in Perfon.

Treafury to regulate the Execution of the Duties of fuch Offices, and appoint Salaries adequate to the Duties.

Hosted by Google

C. 84.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Tre&iury lo lay before Parliament Statement of former and new Eftablifh-ment of Office lo regulated, f Sic.

Savings arifing by new Regulations (if the Eftablifhment of fucli Office, to go to the Confoli-dated Fund.

56 G. 3. C.46.

Per fons belonging to the faid Offices, when regulated, incapable of fitting or voting as Members of the Houfe of Commons.

15 G.2. c. 22.

Perfons appointed to certain Offices to have the

more of them in that Behalf ; Regard being had in every filch cafe to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refponfibility which may attach or belong to the feveral and re-fpedlive Officers or Perfons executing the Duties of the faid Offices refpedlive)y ; and all fuch Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when fo made and eftablifhed, ffiall become and be in full force and Effedl in relation to the faid Offices refpedlively ; any thing contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Ufage, Cuftom or Pradlice, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Lord High Trea-furer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, ffiall within Six Weeks after the Regulation, under the Provifions of this Adi, of any fuch Office fo becoming vacant as aforefaid, if Parliament ffiall be then fitting, or if Parliament ffiall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, f an Account of fuch new Eftablifhment of the Office fo regulated, and all the Regulations above mentioned, with a Statement of the Number of Officers and Amount of Salaries of each refpedlively, together with a Statement of the former Eftabliffiment of the Office fo regulated.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That all Sums of Money arifing from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which ffiall by reafon ot the Regulation of any fuch Offices be more than fufficient to apply the Sum of Forty eight thoufand Pounds per Annum to the Civil Lift Revenues, under the Provifions of an Adi pafled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Civil Lift, and to defray the Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Eftablifhment of any fuch Office, ffiall, by the Orders and Directions of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury (which Orders and Diredtions the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpofe), be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enadled, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Eftabliffiment of any of the faid Offices refpedlively, when fo regulated as aforefaid, ffiall be deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Adi pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne ; and every Perfon holding any fuch Office (hall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the Houfe of Commons ; and every fuch Officer who ffiall fit or vote in the Houfe of Commons (hall be liable and fubjedl to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Adi pafled in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His )ate Majefty King George the Second, intituled An Ad, to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the Houfe of Commons.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That every Perfon who ffiall be appointed to difeharge the Duties of the feveral and refpedlive

Offices

Hosted by Google

A.D/1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.84, 85.

275

Offices of Auditor and of Teller of His Majefty’s Exchequer and of Clerk of the Pells in England, and of Auditor and Teller of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and of Clerk of the Pells in Ireland, according to the Eftabliffiment of any of the faid Offices re-fpe&ively to be made in purfuance of this A<ft, ffiall be deemed and taken to have the fame Intereft in the faid Offices as if the fame had been granted by His Majefty’s Letters Patent during good Behaviour.

fame Intereft in ftu h Offices as if granted by Letters Patent.

CAP. LXXXV.

An ACt to permit until the Fourteenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Importation of Corn and other Articles in any Ship and from any Country; to permit fuch Articles which may have been warehoufed for Exportation only to be entered for Home Confumption ; and for indemnifying all Perfons who have given Directions foT the Importation of Corn and other Articles, or the taking the fame out of Warehoufe free of Duty, and who have aCted in obedience thereto. [10th July 1817.3

c II7 HE RE AS it is expedient to allow for a limited time Corn,

* VV Grain, Meal, Flour and Rice to be imported in any Ship 4 or Veffel from any Country whatever, and that fuch Articles 4 warehoufed for Exportation only ffiould be allowed to be entered 4 for Home Confumption, provided the Ports ffiall continue open 4 during fuch limited time for fuch Species of Grain, under the 4 Provifions of an A£t paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign 55G.3.C. 26.

4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to amend the Lavas 4 nova in force for regulating the Importation of Corn, and that Rye 4 Meal nova warehoufed or imported for Exportation be admitted 4 for Entry for Home Confumption Duty free f Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Mod: Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, Corn,&c. may until the Fourteenth Day of November inclufive in this prefent be imported in Year, it ffiall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to im- any Veffel from port Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour and Rice in any Ship or Veffel ^^j^ovember from any Country whatever, any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the 4 contrary thereof notwithftanding :	Provided	always, that the Im- Provifo.

portation of Grain ffiall during the aforefaid Period continue to be legal, under the Provifions of the aforefaid A£t paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign.

II. And be it further enadled, That from and after the faid Corn, &c. ivare-paffing of this A<ft, until the faid Fourteenth Day of November houfed for F.x-inclufive in this prefent Year, any Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour and portation only Rice which may have been warehoufed, for Exportation only may fo^Hom”con be entered for Home Confumption provided the Ports ffiall con- fumption. tinue open until the aforefaid Fourteenth Day of November for Provifo. fuch Species of Corn refpeftively, under the Provifions of the

T 2	aforefaid

Hosted by Google

276

The like as to Rye Meal vvare-houfed,&c.

Treafury indemnified for giving Directions for the Importation of fuch Articles in any VeiTel and from any Country,

So much of 45 G.3. c. 18.

§ 9. as enadls that no Cam-bricks or Lawns, except the Manufacture of

C. 85, 86.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

aforefaid Aft paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

Ill* And be it further, enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, and until the Fourteenth Day of November inclufive in this prefent Year, any Rye Meal which may have been warehoufed or imported for Exportation only may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption Duty free.

4 IV. And Whereas the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Trea-4 fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have 4 thought it expedient to give Direftions for the Importation of 4 the aforefaid Articles in any Ship or Veffel, and from any Coun-4 try whatever ; and that fuch of the aforefaid Articles as may have 4 been warehoufed for Exportation only be entered for Home 4 Confumption, agreeably to the Provifions of the aforefaid Aft 4 palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, and that Rye Meal warehoufed or imported for Ex-4 portation may be admitted to Entry Duty free ; and it is ex-4 pedient that fuch Proceeding fhould be fanftioned by Parliament,

4 and that all Perfons ifiuing, giving or advifing fuch Direftions,

4 or concerned in the ifiuing, giving, or advifing any fuch Direftions,

4 and alfo all Perfons afting under or in purfuance thereof, fhould 4 be refpeftively indemnified Be it therefore enafted, That all Perfons ifiuing, giving or advifing any fuch Direftions as aforefaid, or concerned in the ifiuing, giving or advifing any fuch Direftions, and alfo all Perfons afting or who may aft under or in purfuance of the laid Direftions, fhall be and they are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of any Aft, Matter or thing done in purfuance of, or in obedience to, or in conformity with fuch Direftions as aforefaid, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if the fame Direftions had been given, and fuch Afts, Matters and things had been done in purfuance of any Aft or Afts of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Aft: to permit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as are chargeable in Great Britain.	[10th	July 1817ft

4 TIT HE REAS it is expedient that the Importation of Foreign 4 VV Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland fhould be permitted 4 under the like Duties as are payable on the Importation thereof 4 into Great Britain ; Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Eleventh Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, fo much of an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Alt for granting to His Majefty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.86.

2-77

tain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, JVares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties as enaCts that no Cambricks or Lawns except of the Manufacture of Great Britain (hall be imported into Ireland, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the faid Eleventh Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, upon the Importation into Ireland of any Foreign Cambricks and Lawns, the feveral and refpe61ive Duties of Cuftoms inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), and that the fame (hall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That all Monies which (hall from time to time arife from the faid Duties, the neceffary Charges of raiftng and accounting for the fame being deduCled, (hall be carried to and (hall be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\

IV.	And be it further enabled, That on the Exportation from Ireland of any Foreign Cambricks or Lawns fo imported, and on which the Duties impofed by this ACt (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, there (hall be allowed and paid fuch Drawbacks as are inferted, defcribed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Table marked (A.), to this ACt annexed, under and fubjeCt to all fuch Rules, Regulations and ReftriClions as Drawbacks of the like Nature are payable by virtue of any ACt or ACls in force in Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid Duties and Drawbacks (hall be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, paid, allowed and recovered, in fuch and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature in Ireland are managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and fubjeCt to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, ReftriClions, Penalties and Forfeitures, of any ACt or ACls of Parliament now in force, in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Ireland ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, for any Offences whatever, againft or in breach of any ACt or ACls of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this ACt, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Ireland, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Directions therein contained, (hall be in full Force and EffeCt as to the faid Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaCled in this ACl.

G. B. (hall be imported into Ireland, repealed.

Duties in Table (A ) paid on Importation into Ireland of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns.

Duties carried to

Confolidated

Fuud.

Drawbacks in Table (A.) on Exportation of Cambricks and Lawns.

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid.

T 3	TABLE

Hosted by Google

278

C.86,87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

TABLE (A.) to which this Aft refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into Ireland of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns, and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

	DUTY.	-  DRAWBACK.
	Britifh Currency.	Britifh Currency.
CAMBRICKS and LAWNS commonly called	£• d.	S. d.
French Lawns, plain, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth -	— 11 6	— 4 —
Exceeding Eight Yards in Length or exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth, the Piece, and in that Proportion for a greater lefs Quantity - - ...	— H 4r	— 5 ~
LAWNS Silefia, and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambricks and French Lawns) not bleached in Holland, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length -	1  00		 2 8
Silefia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambricks and French Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in 1 Length -------	— 9 7	— 3 4

CAP. LXXXVII.

56 G. 3. c. 104. § 16.

An Aft to amend Two Afts puffed in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, and in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for the making more effeftual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling.	[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty for, amongft other c Things, the making more effeftual Provifion for the Prevention * of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Perfons making Seizures ‘ and capturing Smuggling Veffels, it is enafted, that all Foreign € Brandy, Rum, Geneva and other Spirits which fhall be feized by c any Officer or Officers of His Majefty's Army, Navy or Marines, * or Officer afting urder the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, < or of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High * Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Irelandy * or under the Orders of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife ‘ in England, Scotland or Ireland refpedtively, or by Officers on c Half Pay, Military or Naval, authorized as in the laid Aft men-6 tioned, at Sea or on Shore, or having been unffiipped or landed * without Payment of His Majefty’s Duties of Cuftoms or Excife,

‘ payable

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.87.

2 79

4 payable on the lawful Importation of fuch Spirits refpe&ively, * fhall after the Seizure thereof be lodged with the proper Officer of 4 Excife, and fecured, and gauged, and taken, and kept Account of,

<	and after the Condemnation thereof refpe&ively upon Profecu-

<	tion thereof, by Order of the Commiffioners of Excife, ffiall be 4 forthwith conveyed to fuch refpe&ive Places as are mentioned or 4 provided in an ACt made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefly, intituled yin Ad for the more ejfedual 4 Prevention of Smuggling, and there re-diflilled und\r the Orders 4 of the Commiffioners of Excife, for the Purpofe of making the 4 fame of a proper Import Strength, and fhall afterwards be fold or 4 otherwife difpofed of as directed by the faid ACt i and by another 4 A Cl made in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefly, intituled An Ad to make more ejfedual Provi-4 fion for the Prevention of Smuggling ; and by this ACt, under *■ the Orders of the Commiffioners of Excife : And Whereas it 4 is expedient that fo much of the faid recited ACl ffiould be al-4 tered as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this ACt, all and every Seizure and Seizures made by any Officer or Officers of Cufloms, or of His Majefly’s Navy, or aCting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforefaid (not being an Officer or Officers of His Majefly’s Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Perfon employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service, either feparately or jointly with any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, except an Officer of Excife, or an Officer of His Majefly’s Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Perfon employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service), fhall be lodged and fecured under the Provifions of the faid ACts made in the faid Forty fifth and Forty feventh Years of His Majeftv’s Reign, and be difpofed of or profecuted for Condemnation, by Order and under the Directions of the Commiffioners of Cufloms ; and that fuch Commiffioners fhall be authorized to direCt and pay all Rewards for the making of every fuch Seizure and Seizures, and of all Cofls and Expenfes relating thereto, in the fame manner as if fo much of the A Cl hereinbefore recited had not been made ; any thing in the faid ACl to the contrary thereof notwithHanding ; fubjeCt neverthelefs to any fpecial Order and Directions touching the Diftribution of any fuch Reward or Rewards which fhall be given by the Commiffioners of His Majefly’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to fuch Commiffioners of Cufloms, before fuch Diftribution has been made.

* II. And for obviating Doubts touching the Seizures to which 4 the further Rewards granted by the faid recited ACt in lieu of 4 the Rewards then payable, and the faid recited Provifions of the 4 faid ACl, do or fhall extend Be it declared and enaCted, That fuch Seizures only as fhall be made for any Offence againff any Xaw or Laws of Cufloms or Excife paffed for the Prevention of

T 4?	Smuggling,

45 G. 3. c.121. § 13-

47 G.3. SefT. 2. c. 66. § Z9.

Seizures by Officers of the Cuftoms, &c. to be fecured under the Provifions of the recited A£ts of

45 G. 3. c.121. and

47 G. 3. SefT. 2. c. 66.

Commiffioners of Cuitoms to direCt Payment of Rewards, lub-jeCt to Orders of Treafury.

Seizures by Officers of Excife, &c. to be delivered over to

Hosted by Google

280

C.87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

proper Officer and profecuted, and Commif-fioners of Excife to direfi Payment of Rewards, fubje<ft to Orders of Tteafury.

56 G. 3. c.i04. § 10.

§ 11.

Smuggling, and where the Perfon or Perfons engaged or concerned therein is or are by any fuch Law or Laws liable, if a Briti/h Subject, to Arreft and Detention, fhall be deemed and taken to be Seizures in refpeft of which the further Rewards directed by the faid recited A61 lhall extend and apply, and be payable and paid ; and that all Spirits fo feized for any fuch Offence as aforefaid, and the Ships and other Veffels, Carts and other Carriages, Horfes and other Cattle, feized therewith or on account thereof, except by any Cuftoms Officer or Officers, or any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy, or a&ing under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforefaid, either feparately or jointly with any other Perfon or Perfons, not being an Excife Officer, or an Officer of His Majefty’s Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Perfon employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service as aforefaid, fhall be delivered over to and lodged with the proper Officer of Excife, and be difpofed of or profecuted to Condemnation by Order of the Commiffioners of Excife, as directed by the faid recited A 61 of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid ; and fuch Commiffioners fhall be authorized to direct and pay all Rewards for the making of every fuch Seizure and Seizures, except as aforefaid, and of all Cofts and Expences relating thereto, fubjeft neverthelefs to any fpecial Order and Direction touching the Diftribution of any fuch Reward or Rewards which fhall be given by the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to fuch Commiffioners of Excife, before fuch Diftribution has been made.

i III* And Whereas by the faid A& it is enabled, that One Half

*	Part of all fuch Rewards as aforefaid, after Deduction of all Cofts c and Expences, fhall be paid by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or ‘ Excife refpedlively by whom the Profecution fhall be directed, to

*	fuch Officer or Officers or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall be en-s titled to the fame, immediately upon the Condemnation of any c fuch Seizure, and the other Half Part thereof upon the Account

*	or Accounts relating to fuch Seizure being finally made up and ‘ adjufted ; and that all Cofts and Expences attending the Seizure, 6 Detention, Cuftody, Removal, Profecution, Condemnation and Sale ‘ of any Ship, Boat or other Veflel, Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, Goods,

*	Wares or Merchandize refpe&ively forfeited under any Law or

*	Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, fhall, except in the cafes hereinafter c mentioned, be paid out of the grofs Proceeds arifing from the ‘ Sale of fuch Seizure, whenever fuch Goods, Wares or Mer* ‘ chandize refpedlively are fold ; and in cafe any fuch Goods, Wares ‘ or Merchandize fhall not be fold, but be deftroyed or otherwife « difpofed of by any Order of the faid Commiffioners of His Ma-

4	jelly’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them as afore-

5	faid, all fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be paid out of His t Majefty’s Share of Cuftoms or Excife Seizures which fhall or may

*	be feized or condemned:	And	Whereas	it is expedient that the

6	whole of fuch Rewards as aforefaid fhould, for the greater En-i couragement of the Officers and Perfons employed for the Pre-

*	vention of Smuggling, be paid immediately upon the Condemnation

*	cf any fuch Seizure as aforefaid j’ Be it therefore enabled, That

from

Hosted by Google

The whole of the Rewards piyalde under 56 G 3. c. 104.

§ 10,11. to be immediate** ly paid on Condemnation of the Seizure, after deducing 10 per Cent, for Ex-pences.

Provifions of 56 G. 3. c. 104. extended to Perfons appointed by Treafury or Commiflioners of the Cuftoms

or by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife in England, Scotland or Excife, to or Ireland, to make fuch Seizures as are in the faid Aft mentioned, make Seizures, and who fhall be employed to aft in or with the Boat Service efta, blifhed for the Prevention of Smuggling, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted with refpeft to fuch Perfon and Perfons in this Aft.

4 V. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of 450,3.0,121.

4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the more effectual Preven- § 7*

* tion of Smuggling, it is enafted, that every Perfon being a Subjeft 4 of His Majefty, who fhall be found or taken on board, or difcover-4 ed to have been on board any Ship, Veffel or Boat liable to Forfei*

4 ture under any of the Provifions of that Aft, or liable to Forfeiture 4 under the Provifions of any other Aft or Afts, for being found or 4 having been at Anchor, or hovering within any fuch Diftances of 4 any of the Dominions of His Majefty, with fuch Goods on board 4 as fubjeft fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, or Goods to Forfeiture, and 4 who fhall not prove that he was only a Paffenger on board fuch 4 Ship, Veffel or Boat ; and every Perfon found aiding or affifting 4 in unfhipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying,

4 concealing or affifting in the carrying away, conveying or con-4 cealing any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits fubjeft to 4 Forfeiture under that Aft, or any Law or Aft relating to the 4 Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom, fhall for-4 feit for every fuch Offence, either Treble the Value of the Goods 4 that fhall be found or taken from fuch Perfon or Perfons, or the 4 Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and fubjeft to the 4 Eleftion and Difcretion of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife 4 refpeftively, who fhall direft any Prolecution or Suit to be com*

4 menced againft any fuch Perfon, fuch Penalty of Treble the Value,

4 or of One hundred Pounds, as the cafe may be, to be recovered 4 as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Aft or Afts relat-4 ing to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom,

4 and that One Half of every fuch Penalty of Treble Value or of 4 One hundred Pounds fhall go and be applied to the Ufe of the 4 Perfon or Perfons finding and taking and detaining fuch Perfon,

4 or informing for the fame, and that fuch Perfon fhall alfo be liable 4 to fuch other Punifhment as may by any Law or Aft of Parlia-4 meat be inilifted on any fuch Offender ; and that it fhall be lawful

4 for

A.D. 1817.	hT	GEO. III.	C.	87.

from and after the paffing of this Aft, the whole of the Rewards granted by the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid fhall, immediately on the Condemnation of any fuch Seizure as aforefaid, be paid as aforefaid, upon the Value of every fuch Seizure to be efti-rnated or fixed in the manner direfted by the faid Aft with refpeft to Goods, Wares and Merchandize, after dedufting from fuch eftimated Value the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum for the Ex-pences attending and occafioned by fuch Seizure and Condemnation.

IV. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Provifions, Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Privileges, Protections, Matters and things contained in the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid refpefting or relating to Officers of the Army or Navy on Half Pay, fhall extend and be applied to, and be had, ufed and exercifed by fuch Perfon and Perfons as may be authorized and appointed by any Warrant or other Inftrument to be granted by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three of them,

Hosted by Google

282

C.87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Perfons found on board Smuggling VefTels, and not able to l'erve the King in the Navy, to pay down the Penalty on Conviction before a Juflice, who may commit them in Default of Payment.

c for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Cuftoms

*	or Excife, and he and they is and are thereby authorized, em-c powered and required to flop, arreft, and detain every fuch Perfon

*	being a Subjetft of His Majefty, and to convey the faid Perfon 4 before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace refid-4 ing near to the Port or Place into which fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat 4 fhall be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any fuch 4 Perfon fhall be fo taken or arrefted ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch 4 Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and he and they is and are thereby 4 required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnefs 4 or Witneffes that fuch Perfon was fo found or taken or difcovered 4 as aforefaid, unlefs any fuch Perfon found or taken, or having 4 been on board of any fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, fhall prove to 4 the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice that he was only a Paffenger on 4 board fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, to hold fuch Perfon to Bail,

4 with Two good and fufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred 4 Pounds each, for the Appearance of fuch Perfon to anfwer to any 4 Indictment or Information that may be brought againft him in 4 that Behalf, and to pay fuch Penalty and abide any Judgment for 4 any fuch Offence ; and in default of any fuch Perfon finding fuch 4 good and fufficient Bail as aforefaid, or until the fame fhall be 4 found, to commit fuch Perfon to any Gaol or Prifon or Houfe 4 of Correction to anfwer as aforefaid : Provided neverthelefs, that 4 if any fuch Perfon fo found or difcovered and taken as aforefaid 4 fhall be capable and defirous of entering and ferving as a Seaman 4 or Marine in any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, it fhall be lawful 4 for the Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of 4 the Cuftoms or Excife, by whom fuch Perfon was taken, arrefted 4 and detained as aforefaid, or for any Juftice of the Peace or Magis-4 rate before whom any fuch Perfon may be carried, and fuch Officer 4 and Officers is and are thereby authorized, empowered and required, 4 inftead of taking fuch Perfon before any Juftice or Magiftrate, 4 and fuch Juftice or Magiftrate is thereby authorized, inftead of 4 holding any fuch Perfon to Bail, to carry and convey or caufe to 4 be carried or conveyed fuch Perfon on board any of His Majefty^s 4 Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a 4 Seaman or Marine : And Whereas it is expedient, for the more 4 fpeedy Conviction and Punifhment of all fuch Offenders as afore-4 faid, that fuch Juftice and Juftices as aforefaid fhould refpedively 4 have Power and Authority to hear and determine forthwith any 4 Information againft any fuch Perfon or Perfons arrefted under the 4 faid recited or any other Adi or Adis of Cuftoms or Excife for 4 the Prevention of Smuggling, without any previous Commitment 4 of, fuch Perfon as aforefaid to Prifon Be it therefore enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any fuch Perfon fo arrefted as aforefaid, being a SubjeCt of His Majefty, and not being fit and able to ferve His Majefty in His Naval Service, fhall be carried, on the Confeffion of any fuch Perfon of any fuch Offence as aforefaid with which he may be charged in any Information or Complaint to be then and there laid or exhibited by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife againft him, or on Proof thereof on the Oath ‘of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to convict fuch Perfon in fuch Penalty refpedlively as aforefaid ; and every fuch Perfon fo corivi'&ed

as

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 87-

283

as aforefaid {hall immediately on fuch Conviction pay down into the Hands of fuch Officer the faid Penalty in which he or {he ffiall be fo convided ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo convided ffiall not forthwith pay down the faid Penalty, the faid Juftice or Juftices ffiall and he and they is and are hereby refpedively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Perfon fo convided as aforefaid to any Gaol or Prifon or Houfe of Correction until fuch Penalty ffiall be paid.

VI. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where any Per- Offenders able fon liable to be arrefted under any of the ACts made for the Pre* t0 ierve in the vention of Smuggling ffiall be fit and able to ferve His Majefty in Navy may j>e

g* o o	j	j	r'lt'V'ipn nn hnarn

His Naval Service, and liable under the faid Ads or any of them a King’s Ship in to be impreffed into fuch Service, every fuch Perfon fo arrefted ffiall order to be im-be taken before fuch Juftice or Juft ices as aforefaid, and ffiall, upon prelfed. fuch Proof as by the faid ACt of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid or 45 G. 3. c. isr. any other Ad is required, be committed by fuch Juftice or Juitices § to Prifon, to anfwer fuch Information and abide fuch Judgment as may be thereon given againft him in that behalf; and that it ffiall and may be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or Houfe of Corredion in which fuch Perfon ffiall be fo imprifoned, or for any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, on the Order of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife refpedively direding the Profecution to fuch Gaoler or Keeper and Officer refpedively, to carry and convey or caufe to be carried or conveyed any fuch Perfon on board of any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, in order to his being impreffed into Elcaping or de~ His Majefty’s Naval Service ; and if fuch Perfon ffiail at any time ferting; or times after any fuch Commitment as aforefaid, and before the Expiration of Five Years from the time of his Arreft, efcape or defert from or leave fuch Cuftody or Service, he ffiall, over and befide all Puniffiment to which he ffiall be fubjed for fuch Defertion, Proceedings, be liable to be at any time or times afterwards again arrefted and imprifoned or delivered over as aforefaid : Provided always, that every Officer or other Perfon who ffiall arreft any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, fo that he ffiall be fo convided or committed to Prifon as aforefaid, ffiall be entitled to and (hall thereupon have and receive the like Reward as if fuch Perfon or Perfons were delivered by him over to and impreffed into His Majefty’s Naval Service ; and provided, that no fuch Juftice or Juftices ffiall accept or receive any Bail for any fuch Perfon fo arrefted, who ffiall be fit and able to ferve His Majefty in His Naval Service, or liable under all or any of the faid Ads to be impreffed into fuch Service ; any thing in any other Ad or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII. And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffmg of this Ad, in all cafes where any Goods, Wares, Merchandize,

Boats, Carriages, Horfes or Cattle ffiall be feized as forfeited under any Law or Laws of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife, and no Per-fon or Perfons ffiall appear to the Officer or Officers who made fuch Seizure to claim the fame, if fuch Seizure ffiall happen to be made out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, it ffiall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers who ffiall make fuch Seizure or Seizures to caufe public Notice to be given by Proclamation at the next Market Town to the Place or Places where fuch Seizure or Seizures ffiall have been made, upon the Market Day next after the Expiration of Six Days from the time of fuch Sei-

Reward to Officer, Src. arrefting fuch Perfon.

Juftices not to accept Bail.

Condemnation of Seizures to be proceeded in, though the ' Owners of the Goods do not appear.

Proclamation.

Hosted by Google

284-

C. 87-

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

Judgments valid as if Owners of Goods,&c. had been fummoned.

Penalties of Treble the Value of the Goods, how to be eftimated.

Obftru&ing

'Officers,

Penalty tool,

zure or Seizures refpedlively, of the Day and Place when and where the Jullice or Juftices of the Peace will proceed to hear the matter of fuch Seizure or Seizures, and of Condemnation of the Goods fo feized as aforefaid, in which cafe it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Juftices to proceed to examine into the Caufe of fuch Seizure or Seizures, and to give Judgment for the Condemnation of fuch Goods, and of the Cafks, Veffels, or other Package or Packages containing the fame, and of the Boat or Boats, Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, Horfe or Horfes, or Cattle feized as aforefaid, as upon due Examination lhall appear to be forfeited ; which Judgments lhall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if the refpedtive Owner or Owners thereof, or Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody the fame was or were at the refpedtive time or times of the Seizure thereof, had been refpedlively fummoned to attend the faid Juftices.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That wherever by any Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, a Penalty of Treble the Value of the Goods is impofed upon any Offender or Offenders, fuch Offender or Offenders lhall feverally forfeit and lofe for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods, to be eftimated and taken according to and at the Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, which the beft Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities of the like Sorts, Kinds and Denominations, and for which the Duty or Duties thereon have been paid, were fold at the time of fuch Seizure, at the Election of His Majefty.’s Attorney General, or the Perfon or Perfons who lhall fue or profecute for the fame; and that no fuch Penalty lhall be mitigated by any Juftice or Juftices below One fourth Part thereof; any thing in any other Adi or Adis to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

*	IX. And Whereas further Provilion is neceffary for the Protec-c tion of Officers in the Execution of their Duty,; Be it therefore enadted. That if any Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons in the faid Adi of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid or this Adt mentioned, or other Perfon or Perfons adling in their Aid or A Alliance, being on Shore or going on board, or being on board or returning from on board any Ship, Boat or Veffel liable to Search under any Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majefty's Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, lhall be hindered, oppofed, molefted or obftrudled in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, every Perfon or Perfons fo hindering, oppofing, molefting, or obftrudling fuch Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, or fo hindering, oppofing, molefting or obftrudling any other Perfon or Perfons adling jn their or any of their Aid or Affift* ance, and alfo every Perfon and Perfons aiding and affifting any fuch Perfon or Perfons in the Commiffion of any fuch Offence, lhall for* feit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

*	X. And Whereas large Quantities of Goods, on the Exportation c of which as Merchandize a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife are

<	payable, have been packed and Ihipped for Exportation on Draw-« back of fo bad and unmerchantable a Quality as to be of little of

<	no Value, and have been fo Ihipped and exported for the Purpofe * only of obtaining fuch Drawback, to the great Injury of His

9*	‘ Majefty’s

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 87.

285

* Majefty’s Revenue For Remedy whereof be it ena&ed, That no Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife fhall be paid or payable upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize packed or (hipped for Exportation, which (hall be of fo bad and unmerchantable a Quality as not to be worth or of the Value at the lead of the Duty or Duties of Excife chargeable or (worn or dated in the Notice of (hipping fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, required by the faid A<d of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid to have been paid thereon, if fold for Home Confumption ; and that in fuch Notice as aforefaid as well the Rate and Amount of the Duty or Duties paid on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein mentioned, as of the Drawback or Drawbacks claimed to be payable on the Exportation thereof, and the Value of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, jf fold for Home Confumption, (hall be dated and made Part of the Defcrip-tion of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize ; any thing contained in any other A£l or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithdanding.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe where a Notice of (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize for Exportation on Drawback (hall be given, it (hall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife to open any or all of the Package or Packages mentioned or defcribed in fuch Notice, and unpack and examine the Contents thereof, and that the Exporter or Exporters thereof (hall, on the Requed of fuch Officer or Officers, repack fuch Goods (unlefs he, (he or they (hall choofe to receive back fuch Goods unpacked) in the Prefence of a proper Officer or Officers of Excife, in order that the fame may be fecured and fealed as by Law is required for Goods packed for Exportation on Drawback, he, (he or they being afterwards allowed and paid by the Commiffioners of Excife the reafon-able Expences of fuch repacking, and (hall either forthwith (hip the fame under the before mentioned Notice, or give a frefh Notice for that purpofe, as the Occafion may require, and as required by the faid A6L

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, if upon Notice being given for (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize for Exportation upon Drawback, any other Goods or Packages than fuch as are mentioned or defcribed in fuch Notice (hall be (hipped as and for fuch Goods or Packages mentioned or defcribed in fuch Notice, or if any of the Packages or Goods mentioned or defcribed in fuch Notice (hall, after the Shipment thereof be returned into or relanded in Great Britain, (Shipwreck and other inevitable Accident excepted,) without Payment of the Duty or Duties impofed upon the Importation of Goods of the like Kind, all fuch Goods, with the Packages containing the fame, and the Ship, Boat or Veffel from which the fame (hall be unffiipped, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Per-fon or Perfons fo offending or aiding or affilting therein (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of fuch Goods, at the Eleftion of His Majefty's Attorney General, or the Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue and profecute for the fame; and fuch Penalty (hall be in addition to the Penalty of the Bond given on the Shipment of any of fuch Goods for Exportation, and over and belides all other Forfeitures and Penalties whatfoeveiv

XIII. And

To prevent Drawbacks on Goods of unmerchantable Quality.

56 G.3. c. 104. § 25.

Notice of flipping Goods, what to contain.

Packages of Goods for Exportation on Drawback may be opened to examine the Contents.

Expences of repacking repaid.

Where other Goods (hipped than thofe mentioned in Notice, or if Goods (hipped be again relanded without Payment of Duty,

Penalty.

Hosted by Google

286

Penalties how recovered and applied.

8 G. i. c.18.

§3-

Ufing Boats with more than Four Oars in the Places herein mentioned. Penalty.

Boats of the like Defcription found in any Part of the Britifh or Irifh Channels, &c. to b eforfeited,and

Penalty iool.

C.87.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this A<ft, or by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, fhall be filed for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods (except as herein fpecially altered) as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws now in force, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftively ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

4 XIV. And Whereas by an A61 palled in the Eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His Majefty King George the Firft, intituled An Ad 4 to prevent the clandejline running of Goods, and the Danger of 4 Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine,

4 and to fubjed Copper Ore of the Produdion of the Britifh Planta-4 tions, to fuch Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the 4 like Produdion are fubjed > it is enabled, That if any Boat, Wherry, 4 Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing or made or built to row with 4 more than Four Oars, fhall be found upon the Water, or in any 4 Barge-Houfe, Work-houfe, Shed or other Place within any of the 4 Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent, EJfex or in the River of 4 Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or within the 4 Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich, or Ipfwich, or the Mem-4 bers or Creeks to them or either of them refpeftively belonging, 4 fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle * and Furniture, or the Value thereof, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and 4 may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, and the 4 Owner or Owners thereof, or any Perfon ufing or rowing in fuch 4 Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, fhall alfo forfeit and lofe 4 the Sum of Forty Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to make 4 further Provifion to prevent the Ufe of fuch Boats, Wherries, 4 Pinnaces, Barges or Gallies rowing or made or built to row with 4 more than Four Oars Be it therefore further enabled, That the Owner or Owners or any Perfon ufing or rowing in fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley found within the Counties and Places aforefaid, fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, inftead of the Penalty of Forty Pounds by the before-recited

Aa.

XV.	And be it further enaaed, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing or made or built to row with more than Four Oars, belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Sub-jeas, or whereof One half of the Perfons on board fhall be Subjeas of His Majefty, fhall be found in any Part of the Britifh or Irijh Channels, or elfewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, or (hall be difcovered to have been within the faid Limits, fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife; and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Perfon ufing or rowing in fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, fhall alfo forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided

always,

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817-

5 7° GEO. III.

C. 87.

28 7

always, that this A 61 fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to any Barge or Galley belonging to or to belong to His Majefty or any of the Royal Family, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to and ufed in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Veffel, or belonging to any Ship or Velfel in the Service of His Majefty’s Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Cuftoms, Excife or Poll Office, nor to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley whatfoever, the Owner of which ffiall have a Licence from the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland refpecftively, or any Three of them for the time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the feveral laft mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties in this A 61 mentioned ffiall and may be profecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh refpedlively.

4 XVII. And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty feventh 4 Year of His prefent Majefty* s Reign, intituled An Aft to make 4 more ejfeidual Provlfion for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is 4 enafted, that no Ship, Velfel or Boat belonging in the whole or 4 in part to His Majefty’s Subjects, or whereof One half of the 4 Perfons on board ffiall be Subjects of His Majefty, and not being 4 a Lugger, and at the time fitted and rigged as fuch, ffiall have on 4 board or be navigated by a greater Number of Men (Officers and 4 Boys included) than in certain Proportions to the Number of Tons 4 of her Meafurement, or if a Lugger, alfo in certain Proportions;

4 and that in cafe any fuch Ship, Velfel, or Boat ffiall be found or 4 difcovered to have been within certain Limits or Diftances of the 4 United Kingdom, having on board any greater Number of Men 4 than in fuch Proportions, every fuch Ship, Velfel, or Boat, and all 4 her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel ffiall be 4 forfeited : And whereas the Objeft of the above in part recited c Claufe was to prevent Velfels engaged in illicit Practices from 4 having a greater Number of Men than was necelfary for their c Navigation, which Excefs enabled them the better to carry on fuch 4 illicit Proceedings ; and as it is expedientt hat fquare-rigged Velfels 4 ffiould not be fo reftridled, in order that a greater Opportunity £ may be afforded for the Employment of Seamen of the United 4 Kingdom ;* Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the faid recited Claufe ffiall extend or be conftrued to extend to forfeit any Ship or Velfel which ffiall be fquare rigged, by reafon of any Man or Men exceeding the aforefaid Proportions.

4 XVIII. And Whereas by the aforefaid recited A£t, palled in 4 the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign.of His prefent Majefty, it is 4 required that the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Veffel or Boat 4 requiring a Licence ffiall give the necelfary Security for the fame,

4 at the Port to which fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat ffiall belong, and no 4 other : And whereas it may happen that fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat 4 may not be at the Port to which ffie is to belong at the time when a 4 Licence and Security ffiall become necelfary Be it therefore ena£led, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland, or any Three or more of them refpedtively, in fuch cafes, on Proof to their Satisfa6tion that the Mailer or Owner of fuch Britijh Veffel or Boat

really

Provifo for certain VefTds of the Royal Family, Navy, &c.

Penalties how to be profecuted.

47 G. 3. Seffi 2. c.66. § 5.

not to extend to fquare rigged VefTels.

56 G. 3. c.104. § 2r3*

Commiffioners of the Cuftoms may grant Licence toVeffels though not at the Port to

Hosted by Google

C. 87.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

which they be-long.

Sureties in cafes of Licence to make Oath of their Sufficiency.

Commiffioners of the Cuftoms may grant Deputations to Per-fons not Officers to make Seizures of Goods, &c. fpecified in Deputation.

Such Perfons liable, &c. as Officers.

really and bond fide intends to proceed without Delay (Wind and Weather permitting) to the Port at which fhe belongs, or is intended to belong, to grant a Certificate to fuch Mailer or Commander of fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, of fuch Proof having been given, by virtue of which Certificate fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, fhall not be liable to Seizure on account of not being licenfed, fo long as fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat fhall be in due Courfe of her Voyage (Wind and Weather permitting) to the Port at which fhe belongs or is intended to belong.

4 XIX. And Whereas it is required that the Perfons who are to 4 become Security fhall be Perfons approved by the Colledor and 4 Comptroller of the Cuftoms fufficient and refponfible, and it is ex-4 pedient to require further Satisfaction as to fuch Sufficiency and 4 Refponfibility Be it therefore further enaded, That the Perfons who are intended to become Security, fhall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuftoms (who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame), that they are refpedively poffeffed of fufficient Property to anfwer and pay the Sum for which they intend to become Security.

4 XX. And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effectual Exe-4 cution of the Laws now in force or hereafter to be made for the 4 Benefit of His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms, and the Suppreffion

*	of Smuggling, that the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms

*	ftiould be empowered to grant their Deputations to any fuch Perfon 4 or Perfons as they may think fit, although he or they may not hold 4 any fpecific Office under the faid Revenue, authorizing him or them 4 to make Seizures of any Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or To-4 bacco, or any prohibited Eafi India or French Goods, or any 4 other Goods fpecified in fuch Deputation, which may be fubjed to 4 Seizure under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuf-4 toms or Excife refpedively, or any Veffel, Boat, Horfe, Cattle or 4 Carriage ufed or employed in the Importation or Removal of fuch 4 prohibited or run Goods be it therefore enaded. That from and after the paffing of this Ad it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty's Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them for the time being, or for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to grant their Deputation to any Perfon or Perfons to make Seizures of Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, or any prohibited Eafi India or French Goods, or any other Goods fpecified in fuch Deputation, which may be fubjed to Seizure under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife refpedively, or any Veffel, Boat, Horfe, Cattle or Carriage ufed or employed in the Importation or Removal of fuch prohibited or run Goods, although fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not hold or be appointed to any Office or Offices of the Cuftoms at any fpecific Port or Place ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo deputed fhall and may make fuch Seizures in like manner as any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall *be fubjed to the li^e Penalties as Officers of the Cuftoms; and all Seizures made by fuch Perfon or Perfons fo deputed (hall be fued for, profecuted, an4 recovered by the like Means, Ways and Methods as any Seizure made by Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife may by any Law or Laws now in force be fued for, profecuted and recovered.

4 XXL And

Hosted by Google

A«D 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 87.

289

c XXI. And Whereas by the aforefaid A6t pafled in the Fifty c fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it is enadfed, that

*	from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hun-

*	dred and feventeen, every Ship or Veflel belonging in the Whole or

*	in any Part to any of His Majefty’s Subjects, whereof One Half

*	of the Perfons on board are Subje&s of His faid Majefty, and being

*	a fquare rigged Ship or Veflel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons ( and upwards, the Difference of whofe Draught of Water forward c and aft fhall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for

*	every Foot of the Breadth of fuch Ship or Veflel, fuch Draught of f Water to be afcertained by a ftraight Line along the Rabbit of the

*	Keel, adding to fuch Draught of Water forward and aft the Depth

*	of the Main Keel in the Middle of the faid Ship or Veflel on the Out-6 fide, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the faid Ship or 4 Veflel, whether light or loaded, fhall be in Sailing Trim, which 6 fhall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within 6 any Part of the Britifh or Irijh Channels, or elfewhere within One

*	hundred Leagues of the Coaft of this Kingdom, for which a Licence 4 fhall not have been procured from the Commiflioners of Cuftoms < for navigating the fame, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be € feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or c Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife : And whereas it is expedient 4 that the faid laft in part recited A£t fhould be repealed, and other

*	Provifions made;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafling of this A61, every Ship or Veflel belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Subjedls of His faid Majefty, (not being a fquare rigged Ship or Veflel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards,) the Difference of whofe Draught of Water forward and aft fhall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of fuch Ship or Veflel, fuch Draught of Water to be afcertained by a ftraight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to fuch Draught of Water forward and aft the Depth of the Main Keel in the Middle of the faid Ship or Veflel on the Outlide, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the faid Ship or Veflel, whether light or loaded, fhall be in Sailing Trim, which fhall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within any Part of the Britifh or Irijh Channels, or elfewhere within One hundred Leagues of the Coaft of this Kingdom, for which a Licence fhall not have been procured from the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms for navigating the fame, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXII. And be it further ena6ted, That this A61 or any of the Provifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any A6I or A6ts to be pafled in this Seffion of Parliament.

56 G.3. c. 104.

§ 2rO.

VefTels of the Delcription herein mentioned and without Licence, found within certain Limits, or within 100 Leagues of the Coaft, forfeited.

A61 may be altered, &c. this Seffion.

57 Geo. III.	U	'	CAP,

Hosted by Google

290

C. 88, 89.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

28 G. 3. c. 38. 39-41-43-

So much of recited A£t as relates to carrying Coaftwife Fullers Earth, &c.

repealed.

Such Articles when carried Coaftwile fhall be liable to all the Regulations impofed by 3Z G. 3. c.50. on Goods prohibited to be exported*

Ji G. 3* c'97* §2.

CAP. LXXXVIIL

An Aft to permit Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to be carried Coaftwife under certain Reftriftions.

[10th July 1817.]

4 IIT HE REAS an Aft was paffed in the Twenty eighth Year 4	\\ of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to explain,

4 amend, and reduce into One Ad of Parliament, federal Laws now 4 in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and 4 Lambs, Wool, Woolf els, Mortlings, Shortlings, Tar/* rzrcr/ Worfled,

* Cruets, Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures or pretended 4 Manufactures made of Wool flightly wrought up or other wife put 4 together, fo as the fame may be reduced to and made ufe of as Wool 4 again ; Mattreffes or Beds fluffed with combed Wool or Wool fit 4 for combing ; Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay,

4 from this Kingdom, and from the IJles of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alder-4 ney, Sark and Man, into Foreign Parts ; and for rendering more 4 effectual an ACt paffed in the Twenty third Tear of the Reign of King 4 Henry the Eighth, intituled An Ad for the Winding of Wool:

4 And whereas it is expedient to amend the faid Aft fo far as relates 4 to Fulling Earth, Fullers Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay carried 4 Coastwife Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of the aforefaid Aft as relates to the carrying Coaftwife of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay or Tobacco Pipe Clay, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft the faid Articles fhall,, when carried Coaftwife, be liable to all the Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, impofed by an Aft paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for the Relief of the CoaJITrade of Great Britain ; for exempting certain Coajl Documents from Stamp Duties ; for abolifhing the Bond ufually called The Ifle of Man Bond; andfor permitting Corn and Grain brought Co eft wife to be tranjhipped into Fighters for the Purpofe of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, upon Good's, Wares or Merchandize which are or fhall be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, and no other; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Aft to allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons from the Azores and the Madeiras into the Britijh Colonies in North America.	[ I oth July	1817.]

4 TT^HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Fifty firft Year of His 4 VV prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to regulate the 4 Trade between Places in Europe South of Cape Finifterre, and cer-4 tain Ports in the Britifh Colonies in North America, it is enafted, 4 that any Fruit the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape 4 jFinifterre may be fhipped and laden in any Port or Place of Europe

* South

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

5T GEO. III.

C. 89, 90.

291

* South of Cape Fimjierre for Exportation direct to certain Ports in 4 North America, on board of any BritiJJo Ship or Veffel owned,

4 navigated, and regiftered according to Law, which fhall have arrived 4 at any Port or Place in Europe South of Cape Finijlerre with 6 Articles of the Growth or Produce of the faid Colonies, or with 4 Fifh taken and cured by His Majefty’s Subjects carrying on the 4 Fifheries from any of the faid Colonies or Plantations, or from any 4 Part of the United Kingdom, or with any of the Goods or Com-4 modities hereinafter mentioned from the Province of Canada, whether 4 fuch Goods and Merchandize fhall be the Growth or Produce of 4 the Province of Canada, or fhall have been brought into the faid 4 Province by Land or Inland Navigation: And Whereas it is expe-4 dient to allow Oranges and Lemons to be exported diredlfrom the 4 Azores and the Madeiras into the BritiJJo Colonies in North Ante-4 rica in any Britijh built Ship or Veffel owned, regiftered and na-4 vigated according to Law Be it therefore enabled by The King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and demons °pro after the paffmg of this Adi any Oranges or Lemons, the Produce duce of^e of the Azores or the Madeiras, may be fhipped and laden there for Azores or the Exportation diredt to any of the Ports of the BritiJJo Colonies in Madeiras, may North America, and may be imported into the faid Ports in any be imported ^ Britijh-built Ship or Veffel owned, regiftered and navigated according to Law; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XC.

An Adi for the Prevention of Perfons going armed by Night for the Deftrudlion of Game ; and for repealing an Adi, made in the lafl Seflion of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds	[ioth	July	18T7.]

4 tl J HE REAS idle and diforderly Perfons frequently go armed 4 VV in the Night time for the Purpofe of protecting themfelves,

4 and aiding and abetting and affifting each other in the illegal 4 Deftrudlion of Game or Rabbits ; And Whereas fuch Pradtices 4 are found by Experience to lead to the Commifiion of Felonies and 4 Murders For the more effedtual Suppreflion thereof, be it enadted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon or Perfons, having entered Perfons found at into any Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other certain times open or inclofed Ground, with the Intent illegally to deftroy, take ^hl”canJ]th°" or kill Game or Rabbits, or with the Intent to aid, abet and afiift intent to deftroy, any Perfon or Perfons illegally to deftroy, take or kill Game or take or kill * Rabbits, fhall be found at Night, that is to fay, between the Hours Game, and arm-of Six in the Evening and Seven in the Morning from the Firft Day ed, deemed guilty of October to the Firft Day of February, between Seven in the of^lldemea-Evening and Five in the Morning from the Firft Day of February 1 to the Firft Day of April, and between Nine in the Evening and Four in the Morning for the Remainder of the Year, armed with any Gun, Crofs Bow, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or any other offenfive

U 2	Weapon,

tnence into rue Britifh Colonies of America.

292

C.90.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Trznfportation for Seven Years, or other Punifh-ment.

Offenders returning to be tranfported for Life.

Rangers, Keepers, &c. may apprehend Offenders, and deliver them to a Peace Officer.

Juflice on Information, See. may in default of Bail commit till Quarter Sefhons or Gaol ‘Delivery.

Scotland.

Perfons found in Foreft, &c. at Night with Engine, ^cc. for de-flroying Game, may be taken before a Juftice.

Weapon, every fuch Perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully con-vi&ed, fhall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanour, and (ball be fentenced to Tranfportation for Seven Years, or fhall receive fuch other Punifhment as may by Law be infli&ed on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanour, and as the Court before which fuch Offenders may be tried and convicted fhall adjudge ; and if any fuch Offender or Offenders fhall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the term for which he or they fhall be fo tranfported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they fo returning, and being thereof duly convicted, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall be fentenced to Tranfportation for the term or terms of his or their natural Life or Lives.

II. And for the more eafy and fpeedy bringing the Offenders againft this Ad to Juftice ; be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any fuch Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or inclcfed Ground, and alfo for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons, to feize and apprehend or to affift in feizing and apprehending fuch Offender or Offenders by virtue of this Ad, and by the Authority of the fame to convey and deliver fuch Offender or Offenders into the Cuflody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey fuch Offender or Offenders before fome one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Offence fhall be alleged to have been committed ; or in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders fliall not be fo apprehended, then it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice, on Information before him on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to iffue his Warrant for the Appre-henfton of fuch Offender or Offenders; and if upon the Apprehenlion of any fuch Offender or Offenders it fhall appear to fuch Juftice, on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, that the Perfon or Perfons fo charged hath or have been guilty of the Crime of being found armed at Night as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice to admit fuch Perfon or Perfons fo charged to Bail, and in default of Bail to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the County Gaol until the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or the next General Commiffion of Gaol Delivery, to be holder! for the fame County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this A<ft is directed ; and if in Scotland, until fuch Perfon or Perfons fo charged fhall be dealt with as any Perfon or Perfons charged with a tranfportable Offence may be dealt with according to the Law and Pradice of Scotland.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall after the palling of this Ad unlawfully enter into or be found in any Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or inclofed Ground at Night, according to the Provilions of this Ad, with refped to what fhall be deemed Night for the Purpofes hereof, having any Net, Engine or other Inftrument, for the Purpofe and with the Intent to deftroy, take or kill, or fhall wilfully deftroy, take or kill Game, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any fuch Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or inclofed Ground, and alfo for his, her or their Keeper

and

Hosted by Google

A,D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 90, 91.

293

and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons, to feize and apprehend or to affift in feizing and apprehending fuch Offender or Offenders by virtue of this Aft, and by the Authority of the fame to convey and deliver fuch Offender or Offenders into the Cuflody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey fuch Offender or Offenders before forrie one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Offence fhall be alleged to have been committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That an A6! made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of His prefent Majejly’s Reign, intituled 4 An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the 4 Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 44 An Aft to amend and make more ejfeftual the Lavas relating to 4 Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and diforderly Perfons, and to 4 Houfes of Correction f and to make other Provifions in lieu thereof \ fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further ena<fted, That the faid A£t made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to extend the Provifons of an Aft made in the Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 4 An Aft to 4 amend and make more ejfeftual the Lavas relating to Rogues, Vaga-4 londs^ and other idle and diforderly Perfons, and to Houfes of Cor-4 reftionj fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCI.

An A£t to enable Juftices of the Peace to fettle the Fees to be ' taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the refpetftive Counties

and other Divifions of England and Wales.

[lOth July 1817.]

‘ 117HEREAS Doubts have arifen touching the Fees and i VV Allowances due and to be made to the Clerks of the

*	Peace of the feveral Counties and other Divifions in England a*nd

*	Wales f For the removing of fuch Doubts, be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firft Day of July next it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Kent, and for the County Palatine of Lancajler, at their Annual General Seffions of the Peace, and for the Juftices of the Peace in every other County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Precintft, within England and Wales, at their refpetftive General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, to afcertain, make and fettle a Table of Fees and Allowances to be taken by the Clerk of the Peace for fuch County of Kent and fuch County Palatine, and fuch other Counties, Ridings, Divifions, Cities, Towns, Liberties and Precincts refpecftively ; and fuch Table of Fees and Allowances, when fo made, fhall be fubjeft to the Approbation of the Juftices of the Peace at the then next fucceeding General Annual Seffion of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancajler, and for the County of Kent> and at the then next fucceeding General Quarter Seffion of the Peace for every other

U 3	fuch

56 G. 3. c. 130. repealed.

39&40 G.3. c. 50. repealed

Juftices of Peace for Kent and Lancafhire, at their Annual General, and for every other County, See. at their General Quarter Seffions, to iettle a Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace for the laid Counties. Such Table to be laid before Judges of \flue

C. 91.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

Fees in fuch Tables, when approved by Judges, to be the only Fees.

Clerks of the Peace taking greater Fees than allowed,

Penalty 5I.

Printed or written Copies of fuch Table of Fees to be hung up in fome con-ipicuous Place where the General or Quarter Sefiions fhall be held.

Clerks of the Peace negledl-ing,

fuch County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Precinft as aforefaid, or at fome Adjournment of fuch Sefiions refpedtively ; and fuch Table of Fees refpedlively, when fo approved refpe&ively, (hall be laid before the Judges of Affize at the next Affizes for fuch Counties and Places refpelively, except the feveral Places being Counties in which Affizes are not conftantly or regularly holden in every Year, and in thofe cafes before the Juftices at the next Affizes for the adjoining County where Affiizes are conftantly and regularly holden, and to which Prisoners are generally removed for Trial from fuch Places refpe£tively, and alfo except the Counties in Wales and the County Palatine of Chejler, and before the Juftices at the next Great Sefiions for the feveral Counties in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chejler ; and the faid Judges and Juftices refpectively are hereby authorized to ratify and confirm fuch Tables refpedlively, either as fettled and approved as aforefaid, or with fuch Alterations, Additions, and Improvements as to fuch Judges and Juftices laft mentioned (hall appear to be juft and reafonable ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices of the Peace, at their refpedtive Quarter or General Seffiions of the Peace, from time to time in like manner to make other Table of Fees and Allowances, inftead of or in addition to the Tables of Fees and Allowances before made* which fhall and may be approved and afterwards ratified and confirmed in like manner; which Fees and Allowances contained in fuch Tables refpeftively, when fo made and approved, and afterwards ratified and confirmed as aforefaid, fhall be the only Fees and Allowances which fhall be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the feveral Counties and Places for which fuch Tables refpedfively fhall be fo made, approved, ratified and confirmed, from and after fuch Ratification and Confirmation thereof refpedlively ; any thing in any A 61 or A 61s of Parliament, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enacled, That if at any time after any fuch Table of Fees and Allowances fhall have been fo ratified and confirmed as aforefaid, any Clerk of the Peace, or any Perfon or Perfons acting as fuch, fhall, under Pretence of any matter or thing done, tranfaCted or performed, demand or receive any other or greater Fee or Allowance, than the Fee or Allowance, Fees or Allowances, afeer-tained, ratified and confirmed as aforefaid, fuch Clerk of the Peace or other Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be granted or allowed.

III.	And be it further enabled, That every Table of Fees'and Allowances which fhall be made, approved, ratified and confirmed from time to time as aforefaid, fhall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place for which fuch Table of Fees fhall have been fo made, approved, ratified and confirmed as aforefaid ; and a true and exadh written or printed Copy or Copies thereof fhall be placed and conftantly kept in a confpicuous Part of every Room or Place wherein any General or Quarter Seffiions of the Peace for fuch County or Place fhall be held ; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or Perfon adling as fuch, fhall at any time riegledl to

caufe

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 91, 92.

295

caufe every fuch Copy to be fo placed and conflantly kept according to the Provifions of this Aft, he fhall forfeit and pay to any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Proteftion, Wager of Daw, nor more than One Imparlance fhall be granted or allowed.

IV. And be it further enafted, That all Suits and Aftions which fhall be brought or commenced by virtue of this Aft, fhall be brought before the End of Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, and not otherwife.

CAP. XCII.

An Aft: to regulate the Adminiftration of Oaths in certain cafes to Officers in His Majefly’s Land and Sea Forces.

[10th July 1817.]

*	T IT THE REAS by certain Afts palled in the Reigns of His

*	VV Majefty’s Royal Predeceffors, it was provided, that Officers

*	in His Majefty’s Royal Navy and Officers in His Majefly’s Army

*	fhall take certain Oaths, and make and fubfcribe certain Decla-

*	rations, before they fhall enter upon the Offices or Places of ‘ Trull to which they may be appointed : And Whereas Doubts i have been entertained whether the Provilions of the laid Afts are 6 flill in force in that behalf: And whereas the Praftice of taking ‘ the faid Oaths, and making and fubfcribing the faid Declarations,

<	by Officers previous to their receiving Commiffions in His Majefly’s

<	Army, hath been long difufed : And Whereas it is expedient to ‘ remove fuch Doubts, and to affimilate the Praftice of the Two 6 Services Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforefaid, the Commander in Chief of His Majefly’s Land Forces, the Mailer General of the* Ordnance, and the Secretary at War for the time being, refpeftively, or any other Perfons thereunto lawfully authorized, to deliver Commiffions or Warrants to any Officer or Officers in His Majefly’s Royal Navy, Land Forces or Royal Marines, without previoufly requiring fuch Officer or Officers to take the faid Oaths, or make and fubfcribe the faid Declarations ; any thing in any Aft or Afts contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to any Oaths required by any Aft or Afts now in force to be taken, or to any Declarations thereby required to be made and fubfcribed, by fuch Officer or Officers as aforefaid, after he or they fhall have accepted and received fuch Commiffions or Warrants as aforefaid.

U 4	CAP*

Penalty jl.

Limitation of A&ions.

The Secretaries of State,&c. may deliver Commiffions or War-rants to Officers of the Navy, Land Forces,

Sic. without previoufly requiring them to take certain Oaths, &c.

Provifo refpedl-ing Oaths, &c. to be taken by Officers after receiving Commiffions.

Hosted by Google

296

C. 93.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181.7.

No Perfon making Diftrefs for Rent, where the Sum due (hall not exceed aol to take other Charges than mentioned in the Schedule annexed;

nor to charge for any A6t not done.

Party aggrieved by any iuch Pra£lice may apply to a Juftice of the Peace.

Juftice may adjudge Treble the Amount of the Monies unlawfully taken to be paid with Cofts, which may be levied by Diftrefs.

CAP. XCIII.

An A6I to regulate the Cofts of DiftrefTes levied for Payment of Small Rents.	[loth July 1817.]

c TT7HEREAS divers Perfons acting as Brokers, and diftraining < VV on the Goods and Chattels of others, or employed in the ‘ Courfe of iuch DiftrefTes, have of late made excefGve Charges, ‘ to the great Opprefiion of Poor Tenants and others; and it is c expedient to check fuch Practices Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this A£f no Perfon whatfoevcr making any Diftrefs for Rent, where the Sum demanded and due fhall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for and in refpeft of fuch Rent, nor any Perfon whatfoever employed in any manner in making fuch Diftrefs, or doing any A A whatfoever in the Courfe of fuch Diftrefs, or for carrying the fame into Effect, fhall have, take or receive out of the Produce of the Goods or Chattels diftrained upon and fold, or from the Tenant diftrained on, or from the Landlord, or from any other Perfon whatfoever, any other or more Cofts and Charges for and in refpedt of fuch Diftrefs, or any Matter or thing done therein, than fuch as are fixed and fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed and appropriated to each A61 which fhall have been done in the Courfe of fuch Diftrefs ; and no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever fhall make any Charge whatfoever for any A61, Matter or thing mentioned in the faid Schedule, unlefs fuch A6t fhall have been really done.

II. And be it further ena6ted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever fhall in any manner levy, take or receive from any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, or retain or take from the Produce of any Goods fold for the Payment of fuch Rent, any other or greater Cofts and Charges than are mentioned and fet down in the faid Schedule, or make any Charge whatfoever for any A6t, Matter or thing mentioned in the faid Schedule and not really done, it fhall be lawful for the Party or Parties aggrieved by fuch Pra6tices to apply to any One Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, and adling for the Divifion where fuch Diftrefs fhall have been made, or in any manner proceeded in, for the Redrefs of his, her or their Grievance fo occafioned ; whereupon fuch Juftice fhall fummon the Perfon or Perfons complained of to appear before him at a reafonable time to be fixed in fuch Summons; and fuch Juftice fhall examine into the Matter of fuch Complaint by all legal Ways and Means, and alfo hear in like manner the Defence of the Perfon or Perfons complained of; and if it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that the Perfon or Perfons complained of fhall have levied, taken, received, or had other and greater Cofts and Charges than are mentioned or fixed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or made any Charge for any matter or thing mentioned in the faid Schedule, fuch A61, matter or thing not having been really done, fuch* Juftice fhall order arid adjudge Treble the Amount of the Monies fo unlawfully taken, to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo having a6ted to the Party or Parties who fhall thus have preferred his, her or their Complaint thereof, together with full Cofts ; and in cafe of Non Payment of any Monies or Cofts fo

ordered

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 93.

297

ordered and adjudged to be paid, fuch Jullice (hall forthwith ilfue his Warrant to levy the fame by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered to pay fuch Monies or Coils, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after the Payment of the Charges of fuch Dillrefs and Sale ; and in cafe no fufficient Dillrefs can be had, fuch Jullice lhall by Warrant under his Hand commit the Party or Parties to the Common Gaol or Prifon within the Limits of the Jurifdidlion of fuch Jullice, there to remain until fuch Order or Judgment be fatisfied.

III.	And be it enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That it lhall be lawful for fuch Jullice, at the Requell of the Party complaining or complained againll, to fummon all Perfons as WitnelTes, and to adminiller an Oath to them, touching the matter of fuch Complaint or Defence againll it ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned lhall not obey fuch Summons, without any reafonable or lawful Ex-cufe, or refufe to be examined upon Oath, or if a Quaker upon folemn Affirmation, then every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be ordered, levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch Means, and with fuch Power of Commitment, as is hereinbefore directed as to fuch Order and Judgment to be given between the Party or Parties in the original Complaint, excepting fo far as regards the Form of the Order, and hereinafter provided for.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall be lawful for fuch Jullice, if he lhall find that the Complaint of the Party or Parties aggrieved is not well founded, to order and adjudge Colls not exceeding Twenty Shillings to be paid to the Party or Parties complained againll, which Order lhall be carried into Effect, and levied and paid in fuch manner, and with like Power of Commitment, as is hereinbefore directed as to the Order and Judgment founded on fuch original Complaint: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall empower fuch Jullice to make any Order or Judgment againll the Landlord for whofe benefit any fuch Dillrefs lhall have been made, unlefs fuch Landlord lhall have perfonally levied iuch Dillrefs : Provided always, that no Perfon or Perfons who fliall be aggrieved by any Dillrefs for Rent, or by any Proceedings had in the Courfe thereof, or by any Colls and Charges levied upon them in refpedl of the fame, lhall be barred from any legal or other Suit or Remedy which he, ffie or they might have had before the palling ot this Act, excepting fo far as any Complaint to be preferred by virtue of this A61 lhall have been determined by the Order and Judgment of the Jullice before whom it lhall have been heard and determined ; and which Order and Judgment lhall and may be given in Evidence, under the Plea of the General Ilfue, in all cafes where the matter of fuch Complaint lhall be made the Subject of any Action.

V.	And be it further enabled, That fuch Orders and Judgments on fuch Complaints lhall be made in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and may be proved before any Court by Proof of the Signature of the Jullice to fuch Order and Judgment ; and fuch Orders as regard Perfons who may have been fummoned as WitnelTes lhall be made in fuch Form as to fuch Jullice lhall feem moll fit and convenient.

VI. And

If no Diftrefs, Imprifon merit.

Juflices may fummon Wit-nefTes. Refuling to attend or be examined. Penalty.

If Complaint unfounded, Juf* tice may give Colls to the Party complained againll.

No Judgment to be given againll any Landlord, unlefs he perfonally levies the Dillrefs. Parties not barred of other legal Remedies.

Order of Jullice may be given in Evidence.

Signature of Jullice Proof of Judgment.

Hosted by Google

29S

C. 93.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Brokers to give Copies of their Charges to Per ions diftrained.

Printed Copy of A£l to be hung up in Seflions Houfe.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That every Broker or other Per-fon who fhall make and levy any Diftrefs whatfoever {hall give a Copy of his Charges, and of all the Cofts and Charges of any Diftrefs whatfoever, iigned by him, to the Perfon or Perfons on whofe Goods and Chattels any Diftrefs fhall be levied, although the Amount of the Rent demanded fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That a fair printed Copy of this Aft fhall be hung up in fome convenient Place in fuch Halls or Rooms where the Juftices of each and every County in England and Wales fhall hold either their Quarter or other Seflions.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Aft.

FORM of the Order and Judgment of the Juftice before whom Complaint is preferred, where the Order and Judgment is for the Complainant.

In the matter of the Complaint of A. B. againft C. D. for a Breach of the Proviflons of an Aft of the Fifty feventh Year of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled An Ad \_here infert the Title of this Ad~\ I, E. F, a Juftice of the Peace for the County of	and afting within the Divifion of

do order and adjudge that the faid C. D. fhall pay to A. B. the Sum of	as a Compenfation and Satis*-

faftion for unlawful Charges and Cofts levied and taken from the faid A. B. under a Diftrefs for Rent ; and the further Sum of

for Cofts on this Complaint.

(Signed)	E.	F.

FORM of the Order and Judgment of the Juftice, where he difmifles the Complaint as unfounded, and with or without Cofts, as the cafe may be.

In the matter of the Complaint of A. B. againft C. D, for the Breach of the Proviflons of an Aft of the Fifty feventh Year of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled An Ad [here infert the Title of this Ad~\ I, E. F. a Juftice of the Peace for the County of	and	afting	within the Divifion of

do order and adjudge that the Complaint of the faid A. B. is unfounded [if Cojls are given] and I do further order and adjudge, that the faid A. B. (hall pay unto the faid C. D. the Sum of for Cofts.

(Signed)	E.	F.

SCHEDULE of the Limitation of Cofts and Charges on Diftreffes for Small Rents.

Levying Diftrefs -Man in Pofieflion, per Day

Appraifement, whether by One Broker or more, Six pence in the Pound on the Value of the Goods Stamp, the lawful Amount thereof All Expences of Advertifements, if any fuch Catalogues, Sale and Commiflion, and Delivery of Goods, One Shilling in the Pound on the Net Produce of the Sale.

£. s. d.

030

026

o 10 o

CAP.

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 94,

299

CAP. XCIV.

An Aft: to amend an A£t of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for the more eafy aflefling of County Rates.

[xoth July 1817.]

WHEREAS an A 61 was pajffed in the laft Seflion of Parliament, to explain and amend an A<ft pafted in the laft Seflion 4 of Parliament, for the more eafy aflefling, collecting and levy-4 ing of County Rates: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal fo 4 much of the faid Act as directs, that in all cafes in which any Ap-4 peal or Appeals fhall be made under the faid recited Act to any 4 Rate or Affeffment made in purfuance thereof or of this Act, the 4 fame fhould be made to the next General or Quarter Sefiions of the 4 Peace after the Caufe of Appeal (hall have arifen, and that Fourteen 4 clear Days’ Notice in Writing fhould be given of the Intention to 4 try fuch Appeal, previous to fuch General or Quarter Seflions 5 4 and that, notwithftanding fuch Appeal or Notice thereof, the Rate 4 or Rates made upon any Parifh, Townfhip or Place (whether Pa-4 rochial or otherwife) under the faid recited A£t and this Act,

4 fhould be paid, and fhould and might be levied, recovered and re-4 ceived in the fame mannner as if no Appeal had been made or No-4 tice given thereof; and that if upon the Hearing of any fuch 4 Appeal or Appeals, the Court of General or Quarter Seflions of 4 the Peace fhould order any Rate or Affeffment to be decreafed or 4 lowered, and it fhould appear to the faid Court that any Parifh, 4 Townfhip or Place have or hath, previoufly to the Hearing fuch 4 Appeal or Appeals, paid any Sum or Sums of Money in confe-4 quence of fuch Rates or Affeffments, which ought not to have 4 been paid or charged therein, then and in every fuch cafe the faid 4 Court fhould order all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money to 4 be repaid and returned to the Perfon or Perfons, Parifh, Town-4 fhip or Place, having paid the fame refpe&ively Be it therefore enacfted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the hereinbefore recited Provifion fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enabled. That from and after the palling of this Athe Rate or Rates made upon any Parifh, Townfhip or Place (whether Extra Parochial or otherwife) under any A£t or A6ts pafted for the afleffing, collecting and levying of County Rates, fhall be paid, and fhall and may be levied, recovered and received, notwithftanding any Appeal or Appeals may have been made to the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace againft any fuch Rate or Rates ; and fuch Rate or Rates fhall continue to be raifed, levied and received, until the Decifton of the Juftices fhall be made upon fuch Appeal or Appeals : Provided always, that if upon the Hearing of any fuch Appeal or Appeals the Court of General or Quarter Sef-ftons of the Peace fhall order any Rate or Affeftment to be fet alide, decreafed, or lowered, and it fhall appear to the faid Court that any Parifh, Townfhip or Place have or hath, previoufly to the Determination of fuch Appeal or Appeals, paid any Sum or Sums of Money in confequence of fuch Rates or Affeffments, which ought

not

S6G.3'C- 'I?-§ 5-

repealed.

Rate to be raifed notwithftanding Appeals, until Determination of Juftices.

In cafe Juftices order Rate to be fet afide,decreafed or lowered ;

Hosted by Google

C. 94.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Money paid fub-i'equent to the time of Appeal to he returned out of the General County Rate.

Notice of Appeal.

Expences of Appeals paid in fuch Proportions, &c. as Juftices (hall award.

Where there are no High Conftables, other Conftables may levy the Rates.

not to have been paid or charged therein, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Court {hall order fuch Proportion of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall have been fo paid by any Perfon or Perfons, Parifh, Townfhip or Place, fubfequently to the Notice which fhall have been given of fuch Appeal or Appeals, to be repaid and returned to the Perfon or Perfons, Parifh, Townfhip or Place, which have or hath paid the fame refpe£tively, out of the General Rate of the County in which the Caufe of Appeal fhall have arifen : Provided always, that Fourteen clear Days’ Notice in Writing fhall be given by the Parties intending to appeal againfl any Rate or AfTeffment, to the Parties againfl whofe Rate the Appeal is to be made, the Clerk of the Peace of the County, and the Hundred Conflable, of the Intention to try fuch Appeal at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace ; any thing in any A61 or A6ls to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	And be it further enabled, That fo much of the faid recited A61 as directs that the Expences of all Appeals, A&ions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, in refpedl of any thing done in purfuance of the faid recited A61, fhall be paid by fuch refpe6live Parifhes, Town-fhips, Places and Perfons as the faid Juftices in General or Quarter Sefiion fhall dire6l, or fuch Court wherein fuch Proceeding fhall be inftituted fhall order, and lliall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed. [No fuch Enactment appears in 56 G. 3. c, 49. but it appears in 55 G. 3. r. 51.

$15. By 56G.3. c. 49. $7. the Powers, Claufes, &c* of 55 G. 3. c.51. are applied to 56 G. 3. r. 49.]

IV.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe of any Appeals, Adlions, Suits or Proceedings at Law refpedling any thing done in purfuance of this A61, or any other A61 or A6ls relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all fuch Appeals, A6lions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law fhall be borne and paid by fuch refpedbive Parifhes, Townfhips, Places and Perfons, or fuch of them, and in fuch Proportions, as the faid Juftices fhall upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Seffions award and order, or as fuch Courts wherein fuch A6lions, Suits or Proceedings fhall be inftituted fhall adjudge and order.

* V. And Whereas there are feveral Parifhes, Townfhips and 4 Places in and over which the High Conftables have no Jurifdi6lion Be it therefore further ena6ted. That in all fuch cafes it fhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace of any County in which fuch Parifhes, Townfhips or Places fhall be fituate, to iffue their Warrants for col-le6ling the County Rate to One or more of the Conftables of fuch Parifhes, Townfhips or Places, and fuch Conflable or Conftables fhall colledl, levy and pay fuch County Rate in fuch and the like manner as the High Conftables are by the faid A61 empowered and required to do, and fhall be fubje6l to the like Penalties in cafe he or they fhall negle6l to demand, levy or account for fuch County Rates, as the faid High Conftables are fubjedl or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.9 5.

301

CAP. XCV.

An A£t to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the Eajl India Company’s Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws.	[loth July 1817.]

4	EtEREAS by an A6i pafled in the Twelfth Year of the	izC.s.c.i8.

4 VV Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, for

*	the encouraging and increafing of Shipping and Navigation ; and

4 by another Acft pafled in the Fifteenth Year of the fame Reign, 15 C. 2. c. 7.

4 for the Encouragement of Trade ; and by another A61 palled 4	in the Twenty fecond and Twenty	third Years of the fame	Reign,	22&23C. 2.

4	among other things, for regulating	the Plantation Trade;	and by	c. 26.

4	another A61 palled in the Twenty	fifth Year of the fame	Reign,	25C.2.	c.7.

4	amongft other things, for the better	fecuring the Plantation	Trade ;

*	and by another A6t paffed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the 7 & 8 W.3.

4 Reign of His late Majefty King William the Third, for the Increafe c' 21 *

4 and Encouragement of Seamen ; and by another A6t paffed in the 4 Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen 5 A. c.5.

4 Anne, for granting to Her Majefty a further Subfidy on Wines and 4 Merchandizes imported; and by another A6f paffed in the Eighth 8 G. 1. c.18.

4 Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft,

4 amongft other things, to fubjedl Copper Ore of the Production of 4 the Britijh Plantations to fuch Regulations as other enumerated 4 Commodities of the like Production are fubjedt; divers Prohibitions,

4 Regulations and Provifions have been enabled, refpedting the Im-4 portation of Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production 4 or Manufacture of jEurope, into any Lands, Iflands, Plantations,

4 Colonies, Territories or Places to His Majefty belonging or in his 4 Poffefiion, in Afia^ Africa or America, and alfo refpecting the 4 Tranfportation of certain Articles of the Growth, Production or 4 Manufacture of Britijlo Plantations in Afia, Africa or America:

*	And Whereas the faid Prohibitions, Regulations and Provifions 4 have been commonly fuppofed not to apply, and have not in Practice

*	been applied, and it is not expedient that the fame fhould be applied,

4 to the Trade of His Majefty’s Subjets to and from the Eajl Indies :

1 And Whereas it is reafonable and juft that Relief fhould be given 4 to Perfons who may have inadvertently incurred Penalties and 4 Forfeitures, by ofFending againft fuch Prohibitions, Regulations and 4 Provifions Be it enated by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by

the authority of the fame, That nothing contained in the faid A6ts, Nothing in the € or in any other A6t or Acts paffed for the like Purpofes or any of	A<^s	to

them, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to or in any way affect ^ ort^vktti^ the Importation or Exportation by the United Company of Merchants the^EafMndia trading to the Eajl Indies, or by any other of His Majefty’s Subjects Company’s in Britijh regiftered Veflels navigated according to Law, or in VefTels Charter, regiftered or trading under the Provifions of an A6t paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 55 C. 3, c. 116. Aft to make further Regulations for the Regijlry of Ships built in India, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize at, into or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the faid Company, or to affe& the Importation or Exportation at, into or from any Place what-

foever

' isted by Google

C.95.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

Perfons not to be i'ued for Penalties or Seizures after 25th Dec. next.

Ships, &c. feized l>efore 25th Dec. next, reftored, S:c.

Provifo for Appeal.

Provifo for 53G.3.C. 155.

54 G. 3. c.34.

55 G. 3. c.116. 57 G. 3. c.36.

and for other Laws herein mentioned.

foever in fuch Veffels as aforefaid of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits aforefaid, or to require that any Bond for the Exportation or Importation of Goods in any particular manner, {hall be given in refpedl of any fuch Veffels bound to or from any Place fituate within the Limits aforefaid.

II. And be it further enadled, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December next, no Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, {hall be liable to be fued for any Penalty, nor any Ship, Veffel, Goods, Wares or Merchandize liable to be feized by reafon of any Trading contrary to any fuch Prohibition, Regulation or Pro-vifion as aforefaid, or by reafon of any fuch Bond as aforefaid not having been given in refpedl of any Ship or Veffel bound to or from any Place within the Limits aforefaid ; and further, that all Ships, Veffels, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, which before the faid Twenty fifth Day of December next {hall have been feized, and all Penalties which before the faid laft mentioned Day fhall have been fued for by reafon of any fuch Offence as aforefaid, fhall be forthwith reftored or remitted to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, by whom the fame may have been forfeited, upon Payment to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have feized or fued for the fame, of his or their reafonable Cofts of Seizure or Suit; any Law, Statute or other thing to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to prevent any Perfon or any Body Politic or Corporate from difputing the Legality of any Judgment or other Proceeding by Appeal or otherwife, in the fame manner as if this Adi had not been paffed, or to prevent any Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate from taking the Benefit of any other Mode of Relief from any fuch Forfeiture or Penalty as aforefaid, to which he or they by any Adi or Adis now in force or otherwife may be entitled.

Ill* Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or affedl the Provisions of an Adi paffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for continuing in the Eaft India Company for a further Term the Pojfefjion of the Britifh Territories in India, together with certain exclufive Privileges ; for ejlabli/loing further Regulations for the Government of the faid Territories and the better A dminift ration of Jujlice within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the faid Company's Charter; and another Adi paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of the fame Reign, intituled An Aft for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eaft India Company ; and another Adi paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the fame Reign1, intituled An Ad, to make further Regulations for the Regiflry of Ships built in India ; and another Adi paffed in this prefent Seftion, intituled An Ad to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eaft India Company, and certain Pojfejftons of His Majejly in the Mediterranean; or to alter or affedl the Laws now in being relative to the Trade of Foreign Nations in Amity with His Majefty with the faid Britifo Territories under the Government of the faid Company in the Eajl Indies.



IV. Pro-

Hosted by Google

C.95, 96*

303

57° GEO. III.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That His Majefty’s Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope lhall, for the Purpofes of this Ad, be deemed, conftrued, and taken to be within the Limits of the Charter of the Eajl India Company.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to import into any Ifland or Territory within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, not being under the Government of the faid Company, in Velfels which may belong to any State being in Amity with His Majefty (not being an European State), and lying within the faid Limits, any Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any fuch State, and to export in any fuch Veffel any Goods which by virtue of this or any other Ad may have been legally imported into His Majefty’s faid Iflands or Territories.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this A£t contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to affeCt an ACt palled in the prefent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Alt to continue and extend the Provifions of an AB of the Forty ninth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and alfo for regulating the Trade of the Ifland of Mauritius.

CAP. XCVI.

An ACt for fufpending until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coaftwife within the Principality of JValesy and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[loth July 1817.]

*	TytTHE REAS by an ACt paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	V? Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for repealing < the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for c granting other Duties in lieu thereof', Duties of Cuftoms are to be 6 raifed, levied, collected and paid upon Goods, Wares or Merchan-c dize brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place in Great 6 Britain to any other Port or Place within the fame :’ And Whereas c it is expedient to fufpend, for a time to be limited, the Duties now 1 payable on Coal and Culm brought or carried Coaftwife within the

*	Principality of Wales f Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, the faid Duties of Cuftoms on Coals and Culm brought or carried Coaftwife, to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales lhall be fufpended during the Period hereinafter mentioned, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpedively which may on the faid palling of this Ad remain unpaid, or to any Fine9, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto refpedively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before the faid palling of this

Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, in lieu and inftead of the Duties of Cuftoms hereby fufpended, there lhall be raifed, colleded and paid unto His Majefty,

His

Cape of Good Hope within Limits of Charter.

Goods may bfe imported into or exported from any Place within Limits of Charter, not under Government of Company, &c.

Provifo for c. 1 ante.

49 G-3- c.98.

Duties of Cuf-tom on Coals and Culm brought Coaftwife to Wales fiilpend-ed,

and inftead thereof the Duties in Table A.

Hosted by Google

304

C. 96.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Drawback on Coals ufed at Tin Plate Manufactory at Pennygored allowed as by 35 0-3- c. 39-

Duties on Coals ufed in fmelting Copper, &c. in Anglefey repaid as by

26 G. 3. c. 104.

Application of Duties.

Duties how to , be levied.

Former ACts relating to Cuftoms extended to this ACt.

His Heirs and Succeffors, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon Coals and Culm brought or carried Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are re-fpeCtively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the palling of this ACt, for all Coals ufed for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored. Works, for which the Duties granted by this Act fhall have been duly paid, a Drawback fhall be allowed of all fuch Duties, not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand Pounds in any One Year : Provided always, that the Drawback by this ACt allowed fhall be paid upon the Proofs and under the Conditions required by an ACt pafled in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals ufed in carrying on the Pennygored Works in the County of Pembroke.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the palling of this A£t, the Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt impofed on all Coals which fhall be ufed in calcining or Imelting Copper or Lead Ore within the Ille of Anglefey, or which fhall be ufed in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the faid Ille, fhall be repaid ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that the Drawback by this ACt allowed fhall be paid upon the Proofs required by an ACt pafled in the Twenty lixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals ufed in fmelting Copper or Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining

Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Ifle of Anglefey.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt granted and impofed fhall be appropriated and applied in fuch and the like manner and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the former Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders, granted by the faid fir ft recited ACt pafled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, were appropriated and applied.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That the feveral Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt impofed may and fhall refpeCtively be managed, afcer-tained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid and recovered in fuch and the like manner, and by the fame Means, Ways or Methods, as the former Duties of Cuftoms by this ACt repealed were or might be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid and recovered ; and fuch Coals, Culm and Cinders fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubjeCt and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, ReftriCtions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures to which fuch Coals, Culm and Cinders were fubjeCt and liable by any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the faid palling of this ACt, refpeCting the Revenue of Cuftoms ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death or others, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the faid palling of this ACt made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers,

Provifions

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C.96, 97.

305

Provilions and Directions contained in any fuch A61 or ACts, fhall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and fhall be re-fpeCtively applied, pradlifed and put in Execution, for and in refpedl of the feverai Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if the faid ACts, Claufes, Powers, Provilions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the Body of this prefent ACt, and made Part thereof.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That this ACt fhall continue in Continuance of force until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and Aft. twenty.

SCHEDULE A.

Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought	£ s. d.
Coallwife to any Port or Place within the Princi-	
pality of Wales, in cafe they are fuch as are moll	
ufually fold by Weight, the Ton of 20 Cwt.	009
Coals, in cafe they are fuch as are moll ufually fold	
by Meafure, the Chalder, Wincheller Meafure -	010
Culm, in cafe moll ufually fold by Weight, the Ton	
of 20 Cwt. -	0 0 i£
Culm, in cafe moll ufually fold by Meafure, the	
Chalder, Wincheller Meafure	002

CAP. XCVII.

An ACt for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by the Right Honourable Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, and the CommilTioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

[10th July 1817.]

e \X7 HERE AS Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Fif- Agreement,

*	V\ teenth Day of May in this prefent Year of our Lord ^ecl

*	One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, have been made and chafe ofthe

*	entered into between the Right Honourable Henry Hall Vifcount High Meadow

*	Gage, of the Firft Part; the Right Honourable William Hujkijfon, Eftate, recited.

6	William Dacres Adams, and Henry Dawkins, Efquires, Com-

*	miflioners of His Majelly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues,

‘ for and on the behalf of His Majefly, of the Second Part ; and f The King’s Mofl Excellent Majelty, of the Third Part ; in Sub-6 fiance and to the EfFeCl following ; (that is to lay,) The faid i Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors ‘ and Adminiftrators, did thereby covenant, promife and agree to c and with The King’s Moll Excellent Majelly, his Heirs and Suc-c ceffors, to fell and difpofe of, and the faid CommilTioners, Parties ‘ to the faid Articles of Agreement (by and with the Confent and

*	Approbation of the Commifiioners of His Majelly’s Treafury)

*	for and on the behalf of The King’s Majelly, his Heirs and Suc-( ceffors, did thereby agree to purchafe and buy of and from the 6 faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his Heirs and Afligns, all thofe

*	feverai Manors of Staunton and Bicknor, otherwife EngUJh Bick~

1 nor, fituate in the Counties of Gloucejler and Monmouth, or One

57 Geo. III.	X	<	of

Hosted by Google

306

c.97-

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

‘ of them, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Cuftomary 4 and other Courts, Profits and Perquifites of Courts, Fines, Chief 4 or Quit Rents, Heriots, Fifheries, and all other Rights, Royal-4 tics, Privileges and Appurtenances to the faid Manors or either 4 of them incident, appertaining or in anywife belonging ; and all 4 Right of Soil and other Rights of him the faid Henry Hall 4 Vifcount Gage, his Heirs or'Afiigns, of and in all Wafle Lands 4 and Commons lituate within or being Part and Parcel of the faid 4 Manors or either of them ; and all Rights of Common and other 4 Rights of him the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage in or upon the 4 Fore ft of Dean or any Part thereof; and all that newly eredfed 4 Meffuage or Dwelling Houfe fituate at Braceland\ with the Out 4 Buildings thereto belonging or in anywife appertaining ; and all 4 the Right of him the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage in or to the 4 Pews in the Parilh Church of Newland, to the late Manfion Houfe 4 of High Meadow belonging, or ufually held, ufed or occupied 4 by the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Manfion Houfe ; and all 4 thofe feveral Meffuages, Dwelling Houfes, Cottages, Farms,

4 Arable, Meadow, Pafture and Wood Lands of him the faid Henry 4 Hall Vifcount Gage, fituate, lying and being in the feveral Parifhes,

4 Diftridls or Places of Bicknor, Staunton, Dixton and Newland,

4 and each and every of them, in the faid Counties of Gloucejler and 4 Monmouth, then or late in the feveral Tenures or Occupations of 4 him the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gagey and of certain Perfons 4 in the faid Articles of Agreement named, as Tenants to him the 4 faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage; all which faid Lands and Pre-4 mifes contained together by Eftimation Four thoufand two hun-4 dred and fifty feven Acres and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts 4 (be the fame more or lefs) ; and all Timber and other Trees now 4 growing, arifing or being in or upon any of the faid Woods,

4 Plantations, Farms, Lands and Premifes ; and all thofe Forges,

4 Furnaces, Iron and Tin Works of him the faid Henry Hall Vif-4 count Gage, fituate at Redbrooke and Lidbrook in the Counties of 4 Gloucejler and Monmouth or One of them ; and all thofe Corn Mills 4 fituate at Redbrooke and Lidbrook aforefaid ; and all thofe Lime 4 Kilns fituate at Cherry Orchardy Coldwell, or elfewhere in or upon 4 any of the Lands or Premifes thereinbefore defcribed ; and all 4 that Market Houfe fituate at Colsford in the faid County of Glou-4 cejlery and all Tolls, Cuftoms, Profits, Commodities, Advantages 4 and Appurtenances arifing from the Market of Colefordy or to 4 the faid Market belonging ; and all Waters, Fifhings, Ways, 4 Roads, Paths, Eafements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Ap-4 purtenances whatfoever, to the faid Manors, Meffuages, Dwelling 4 Houfes, and other Houfes, Farms, Lands and Premifes, or any 4 of them belonging or in anywife appertaining, (except the Ad-4 vowfons of the Redlory of Staunton and of the Vicarage of Dix-4 ton,) at or for the Price or Sum of One hundred and fifty five 4 thoufand eight hundred and fixty three Pounds Three Shillings 4 and Two pence, to be paid at the times, in the Proportions, and 4 by the Inftalments thereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the 4 Sum of Thirty one thoufand one hundred and feventy two Pounds 4 Twelve Shillings and Seven pence, Part thereof, on the Second 4 Day of Augujl then and now next; the Sum of Thirty one thou-4 fand one hundred and feventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and

ll

4 Seven

Hosted by

Google

A.D.1S17*

57° GEO. III.

C.97.

307

*	Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of Augujl

<	One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; the Sum of Thirty one

*	thoufand one hundred and feventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and ‘ Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of Augujl One c thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; the Sum of Thirty one thou-

*	fand one hundred and feventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and ‘ Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of Augujl ‘ One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and the Sum of Thirty

one thoufand one hundred and feventy two Pounds Twelve Shil-c lings and Ten pence, Refidue thereof on the Second Day of Augujl ( One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, together with Interefl ‘ for the fame feveral Sums,or fo much thereof as fhould from time to ‘ time remain unpaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per ‘ Centum per Annui?iy fuch Interefl to be computed from the laid

*	Second Day of Augujl then and now next, and to be paid by Half

<	Yearly Payments until the whole of the faid Principal Purchafe ‘ Money fhould be fully paid and difcharged ; and the faid Henry

*	Hall Vifcount Gage did thereby for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors,

*■ Adminiflrators and Affigns, further covenant, promife and agree ‘ to and with The King's Majefly, His Heirs and Succeffors, that ‘ he the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his Heirs or Affigns, fhould

<	and would, within Two Calendar Months from the Date of the faid ‘ Articles of Agreement, caufe or procure to be made out and de-£ livered to the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty's 6 Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, a complete and perfect Ab-1 ftra£l of the Title of him the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage or his 4 Heirs, to the faid Manors, MefTuages, Dwelling Houfes, and other 6 Houfes, Farms, Lands and all other the Hereditaments and Pre-

*	mifes by the faid Articles of Agreement contracted to be fold, and 1 every Part thereof, and fhould and would thereby or therein make

*	out and deduce a good and perfeCl Title to the Inheritance thereof *■ in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances (fave fuch as are herein

*	after mentioned, and except that a fmall Part of the faid Premifes i in Dixton, then late Pritchard’s, was Copyhold of Inheritance,

‘ with refpeCl to which only a Title as Copyhold of Inheritance ‘ was to be made out or required) ; and that he the faid Henry

*	Hall Vifcount Gage or his Heirs, and all other neceffary Parties,

*	fhould and would, on or before the Second Day of Augujl which

*	would and will be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and

*	eighteen, by fuch good and fufficient Conveyances and A durances

* as the Law Officers of His Majefly, His Heirs or Succeffors, s fhould reafonably advife or require, convey and allure the faid f Manors, MefTuages, Dwelling Houfes and other Houfes, Lands

*	and all and fingular other the Hereditaments and Premifes therein 6 before contra&ed to be fold, with their and every of their Appur-‘ tenances (except as aforefaid), and charged neverthelefs with the

*	due Payment of whatever Part or Parts of the faid Purchafe Money c fhould then remain unpaid, and Interefl for the fame, unto and to ‘ the Ufe of The King's Majefly, His Heirs or Succeffors, or unto ‘ and to the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and upon fuch Trufl or

*	Trulls and in fuch manner and Form as the Commiffioners of His ‘ Majefly's Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of ‘ them, or the faid Commiffioners, Parties to the faid Articles of

*	Agreement, or the Commiffioners for the time being of His Ma-

X 2	‘	jelly's

Hosted by Google

^08

c.97.

57° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1817-

* jefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, (hould direft or ap-4 point, free from the Land Tax (the fame having been redeemed)* 4 and from all other Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever (fave and 4 except certain annual Sums payable to Colonel Berkeley, to the 4 Dukeof Beaufort, to the Stampers at Redbrook, to 4 Wyrhall Spinfter and to the Poor of Stauntony as fpecified in the 4 Survey of the faid Eftate, and which altogether amounted to the 4 annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five pence, 4 but did not exceed that Sum, and alfo except Three Heriots pay-4 able to Colonel Berkeley, and the Rents, Cuftoms and Services 4 thereafter to become due to the Lord of the Manor of which the 4 laid Copyhold Premifes were holden); and that the faid Henry 4 Hall Vifcount Gage, his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, 4 {hould and would in and by fnch Conveyance covenant and de-4 dare, that the Lands called Mailfcott Wood, containing Seven 4 hundred and twenty feven Acres Three Roods and Fifteen Perches, 4 then in the Tenure of him the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gagey 4 and the Lands containing Fifteen Acres One Rood and Ten 4 Perches, then in the Tenure of John Delaney, Parts of the faid Pre-4 rnifes thereby agreed to be fold, were Extra Parochial, and warrant 4 the fame fo to be : And the faid Commiftioners, Parties to the 4 faid Articles of Agreement, did thereby, for and on the behalf of 4 The King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiors, and by and with 4 the Confent and Approbation of the Commiftioners of His Ma-4 jelly’s Treafury, teftified as aforefaid, further covenant, promife 4 and agree, to and with the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his 4 Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, that the faid Sum 4 of One hundred and fifty five thoufand eight hundred and fixty 4 three Pounds Three Shillings and Two Fence, the Purchafe Mo-4 ncy aforefaid, (hould be paid by and out of the Land Revenues of 4 the Crown to the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his Heirs, Exe-4 cutors, Adminiftrators or Aftigns, at fuch times, by fucli Inftal-4 ments or Proportions, and with fuch Xntereft as therein before in 4 that behalf mentioned, in cafe the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, 4 his Heirs or Aftigns, (hould make out and (hew a good and per-4 fed Title to the faid Manors, MefTuages, Dwelling Houfes and 4 oth£r Houfes, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments and Premifes, and 4 every Part thereof, and make and execute fuch Conveyance thereof 4 as therein before mentioned, according to the true Intent and 4 Meaning of the faid Articles of Agreement; And after agreeing 4 in what manner, in what Proportions, and by whom the Expences 4 of the neceftary Deeds, Conveyances, Abftradts for and the fur-4 ther Expences incurred in the completing and perfecting the Pur-4 chafe or Contract by the faid Articles of Agreement made and en-4 tered into, it is by the faid Articles of Agreement further agreed, 4 that all Outgoings for the faid Premifes (hould be borne, paid and 4 defrayed by the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his Heirs or Afligns, 4 up to the faid Second Day of Auguft then and now next; and that 4 His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, (hould be entitled to the 4 Poffeffion of fuch Parts of the faid Premifes as were then in Hand 4 on the faid Second Day of Augujl then and now next, and to 4 receive the Rents, Iftues and Profits of the Remainder of the faid 4 Premifes as and from that Day ; and after reciting that the Lands 4 and Woods in the Pariih of Dixton, Parts of the faid Premifes, had

4 been

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1S1JT.	57*	GEO. III.	C.	97.

4 been valued to the Crown, in the Computation of the faid Pur* 4 chafe Money, as being exempt from all Rectorial and Vicarial'

*	Tithes, it was further agreed, that if the faid Henry Hall Vifcount 4 Gage, his Heirs or Affigns, ffiould not make out and deduce 6 a clear and fatisfadlory Title to the Tithes of the faid laft men-4 tioned Lands and Woods, or to an Exemption from the Payment 4 thereof, then and in fuch cafe the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his 4 Heirs or Affigns, ffiould either dedudl or allow unto The King’s 4 Majelty, His Heirs or Succeffiors, out of the faid Purchafe Money, i the Sum of One thoufand five hundred and eleven Pounds Five 4 Shillings, or to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners indemnify 4 His Majelty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, from any Lofs, Damage,

4 Colts, Charges or Expences on account of fuch Tithes or any 4 Claims or Demands in refpedt thereof ; and it was by the Articles 4 of Agreement exprefsly agreed, that nothing therein contained 4 ffiould extend or be conitrued to charge the Commiffioners, Parties 4 thereto, in their own Perfons, or their or any of their own proper

*	Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Perform-4 ance of any of the Covenants or Agreements in the faid Articles 4 of Agreement contained, but that fuch Covenants or Agreements

* ffiould only be enforced as againll the Land Revenues of the 4 Crown ; and that all Cofts, Charges and Expences which ffiould 4 or might become payable by reafon or means of any fuch Cove-4 nants or Agreements, or any Breach or Non Performance thereof,

4 ffiould be enforced, raifed, levied and recovered by, from or out 4 of fuch Revenues only, any thing in the faid Articles of Agree -4 ment contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding : And 4 after further reciting that it was intended to apply to Parliament 4 in the then and now prefent Seffion for an Ad to confirm the faid 4 Agreement, and to enable the Commiffioners of His Majeffiy’s 4 Woods, Forells and Land Revenues to raife the Sums requifite 4 to pay the feveral Inllalments of the Purchafe Money before 4 mentioned, as they ffiould refpedlively become due, by Sales of 4 competent Parts of the Land Revenues of the Crown, it was 4 thereby exprefsly provided and declared, that if fuch A£t of Par-4 liarnent as aforefaid ffiould nut be paffied in this prefent Seffion of 4 Parliament, then the faid Articles of Agreement and the Contra61 4 thereby made, and every thing therein contained, ffiould ceafe,

4 determine and be wholly void : And Whereas from the Quantity 4 of thriving Oak Timber now growing on the faid E Hates, Manors,

4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments by the faid Articles of 4 Agreement agreed to be fold and difpofed of, and the Facility of 4 conveying the Timber growing thereon when cut to the Govern-4 ment Dock Yards by Water Carriage, and from the Contiguity of 4 the faid Eftate, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments 4 to the Royal Foreffi of Dean, whereby the fame may be managed 4 as the Crown Lands by the Officers of the faid Foreft at a fmall 4 Expence, the fame appears to be a defirable Purchafe, and it is 4 therefore expedient to make Provifions for enabling the faid Com-4 miffioners, Parties to the faid Articles of Agreement, to make 4 good the Contract thereby entered into on behalf of His Majefty,

4 and to carry the fame into Effedt ; and in order to have a Fund 4 ready for the Payment of the feveral Inllalments of the faid Pur-4 chafe Money as they ffiall refpedtively become due, it is expedient

X 3	4	that

309'

Hosted by Google

310

C.97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

* that the Commifiioners for the time being of His Majefly’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues fhould be authorized and em-4 powered to fell and difpofe of certain Parts and PofTeflions of the 4 Land Revenues of the Crown, to raife the Monies which will be 4 requifite to pay the Paid Inflalments as they fhall become payable,

4 and fhould be enabled to apply the Monies fo to be railed in the 4 Payment thereof accordingly : And Whereas by an Ad palled in 1 Ann.	Stat.i. <	the Firft Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intitulecj	An Adi fo?

c-7*	§ S*	4	the better Support of Her Majejly’s Houfehold, and of	the Honour

4	and Dignity of the Crown, it was among!! other things	enabled and*

4	declared, that all and every Grant, Leafe or other	AfTurance,

4 which from and after the Twentieth Day of March One thoufand 4 feven hundred and two, fhould be made or granted by the faid 4 Queen, Her Heirs or SuccefTors, Kings or Queens of this Realm,

4 under any of the Seals therein mentioned, or by Copy of Court 4 Roll, or other wife howfoever, of any Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

4 Tenements, Tithes, Woods or other Hereditaments (Advowfons,

4 Churches and Vicarages only excepted), to any Perfon or Perfons,

4 Body Politic or Corporate whatever, whereby any Eflate or Inte-4 ref! fhould pafs from the faid Queen, Her Heirs or SuccefTors,

4 fhould be void and of none Effed, unlefs the fame fhould be made 4 for fomeTerm or Eflate not exceeding Thirty one Years or Three 4 Lives, and unlefs there fhould be referved by fuch Grants, Leafes 4 or Affurances fuch Rents as in the faid Ad is exprelTed; in which 4 faid Ad is contained a Provifo, that where the greatef! Part of 4 the yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments which be-4 longed to the faid Queen, Her Heirs and SuccefTors, fhould, at the 4 time of making any Leafe or Grant thereof, confif! of the Building 4 or Buildings thereupon which might want to be repaired or re-4 edified, in every fuch cafe, to encourage the Rebuilding or Repar-4 ation thereof, it was declared and enacted, that it fhould be lawful 4 for the faid Queen, Her Heirs and SuccefTors, at any time after the 4 faid Twentieth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and 4 two, to demife or grant fuch Tenements or Hereditaments to any 4 Perfon or Perfons for any Term or Eflate, fo as fuch Term or 4 Eflate did not exceed Fifty Years or Three Lives, and fo as fuch 4 Leafe or Grant fhould be made to commence from the Date or 4 making thereof ; or if fuch Grant or Leafe fhould be made to take 4 Effed in Reverfion or Expedancy, that then the fame, together 4 with the Eflate or Eflates in PofTeflion of and in the fame Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments fhould not exceed Fifty Years or Three 4 Lives from the Date or making thereof as aforefaid, and fo as the 4 fame fhould not be made difpunifhable of Wafte, and fo as there 4 fhould be referved and payable upon every fuch Leafe or Grant 4 during fuch Term, not exceeding Fifty Years or Three Lives, 4 as much Rent as was by the faid Ad required to be referved for the 4 fame Tenements or Hereditaments refpedively in cafe of a Leafe 4 not exceeding One and thirty Years or Three Lives and not other-4 wife : And Whereas fince the palling of the faid Ad certain 4 Parts and Portions of the Lands and Land Revenues of the 4 Crown, which from their unimprovable Nature, inconvenient Si-4 tuation or other Circumftances, were not defirable to be held or 4 retained, have from time to time been fold and difpofed of under 4 the Authority of divers Ads of Parliament pafTed for that Pur-

4 pofe;

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. IIL

311

C. 97.

4 pofe ; and fome Part of the Monies which have been produced

*	thereby have been applied in the Redemption of the Land Tax

*	charged on the Crown Eftates, or have been fet apart and appro-4 priated for that Purpofe, and fome Parts thereof have been dif-4 pofed of in the Ptirchafe of other Edates of a more improvable 4 Nature, which have been conveyed or fettled fo as to form and be-4 come Part of the Pofteflions of the Crown, and other Parts of 4 fuch Monies have been appropriated to ameliorate and improve 4 divers Parts of the Crown Eftates : And Whereas it would greatly 4 tend to the better Management and Improvement of the Land Re-4 venues of the Crown, if the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues were authorized and em-4 powered to purchafe and buy, with the Confent and Approbation 4 of the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain and Ireland, or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Tr-ea-4 fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the 4 time being, for and on the behalf of His Majefty, from time to time 4 as advantageous Opportunities may arife or occur, any Eftates,. 4 Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (to become Part of 4 the Land Revenues of the Crown, and to be placed within the 4 Government and under the Ordering and Survey of the Court of 4 Exchequer,) which can be procured ori fair and reafonable Terms,

4 which may be fituate, adjoining or near to any of the Royal Fo-4 refts, or to any extenfive Eftates already forming Part of the Pof-4 feffions of the Crown, and which from their Situation or other 4 Circumftances may be conveniently placed wholly or principally 4 under the Management of the Officers or Agents having already 4 the Care of fuch Forefts or other Eftates cf the Crown, under the 4 Superintendence and Controul of the Commiffioners for the time 4 being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and 4 which in their Judgment ffiall be defirable to be purcbafed for and 4 on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors; and that 4 for raffing the Funds neceftary for effecting fuch Purchafes, the faid 4 Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Reve-4 nues ffiould be authorized and empowered from time to time, by 4 and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High 4 Treafurer, or Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being,. 4 to make Sale and difpofe of any Part or Parts of the Pofteflions 4 or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey 4 of the Court of Exchequer, which ffiall in their Judgment be de-4 firable to be fold, and which ffiall be fufficient to raife the neceftary 4 Purchafe Monies for effecting and completing fuch Purchafes ; and 4 it is alfo expedient to make other Provffions for the benefit and 4 Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the faid Fifteenth Day of May in this prefent Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, ffiall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land

X i	Revenues

Recited Articles-of Agreement ratified and con-^ firmed.

Commiffioners of Woods empowered, to fell

Hosted by Google

312

C.9/.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17.

other PolTeffions or Land Revenues of the Crown, in order to raife the Pur-chafe Money to be paid to Lord Gage with I titered.

50 G. 3. C.65.

Commiflioners of Woods, &c. empowered to purchafe Lands on behalf of the Crown, lying adjacent to the Royal Forefts, or to other exten-five Properties of the Crown.

Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contradl and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, or abfolutely to make Sale and difpofe of any Part or Parts of the Pofleffions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, which do or (hall confift of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordfhips, Franchises or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof, or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, IfTues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arifing therefrom, or incident to, or receivable in refpe£t thereof, or any Mefiuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Watle Lands or any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatfoever, which fhall in their Judgment be defirable to be fold, at or for the bell Prices or Confider-ations in Money which the faid Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues fhall, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame, as will raife a Sum fufficient to pay the faid Purchafe Money fo to be paid to the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, and the Intereft due thereon ; and the Ex-pences of making and completing the faid Purchafe and Sales, and the Monies arifing from the Sale or Sales of any of the faid Poflefiions or Land Revenues of the Crown, fhall be laid out, by the Order of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, (who are for that Purpofe hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame,) in the Payment and Difcharge of the refpe&ive Inftalments of fuch Purchafe Money as they fhall refpeftively become due, and the Intereft then payable to the faid Henry Hall Vifcount Gage, his Heirs and Afiigns, and in the Payment of fuch Expences as aforefaid ; and in the mean time, and until fuch refpedlive Inftalments and the Intereft thereon fhall become due and payable, and fuch Payments fhall be required, all and every Sum and Sums of Money arifing from fuch Sales fhall from time to time be paid into the Bank oi England, and placed to the Account directed, by an A6I pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown and Surveyor General of His Majefly's Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chaces, to be raifed in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled a The Account of the Public Mo-“ nies of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and “ Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forefts Fund.”

III.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, from time to time as advantageous Purchafes may arife or occur, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contra6l for and purchafe for and on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, any Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meftuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Fee Simple, or any Copyhold Lands or Hereditaments which can be procured on fair and reafonablc Terms, lituate and lying contiguous or near to any of the Royal

Forefts,

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C, 97.

313

Forefts, or any cxtenfive Eftates already forming Part of the PofTeffions of the Crown, and which from their Situation or other Circumftances may be conveniently placed wholly or principally under the Management of the Officers or Agents having already the Care of fuch Forefts or other Eftates of the Crown, under the Superintendence and Controul of the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and which on thofe Accounts, or for any other Reafon, fhall in their Judgment be defirable to be purchafed for and on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors; and all fuch Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed, as well as the faid Manors, Lordftiips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized in the faid recited Articles of Agreement, fhall, on the Completion of the refpeftive Purchafes thereof, become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, and fhall be fettled and adminiftered to the fame Ufes and in the fame manner as fuch Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be fettled or adminiftered.

IV. And for the providing Funds for the Payment of the Pur-chafe Monies of fuch Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His MajeftyWoods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to contraft and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and abfolutely to make Sale and difpofe of any Part or Parts of the Poffeffions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, which do or fhall confift of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lord-fhips or Franchifes, or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Iffues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues.or Monies arifing therefrom or incident to or receivable in refpeft thereof; or any Meffuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Wafte Lands or any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatfoever, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey aforefaid, which fhall in their Judgment be defirable to be fold, for the beft Prices or Confiderations in Money which the faid Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues fhall, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame ; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money arifing from fuch Sales fhall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account intituled ‘ The Account of the Public Monies of the * Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revc-‘ nues, being The Woods and Forejls Fund,’ and the Monies fo paid in fhall be laid out and applied from time to time, by the Order of the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, (who are hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for that Purpofe,) in the Payment and Dif-

charge

Commiffioners empowered to fell Parts of the Crown Lands for the Purpofe of providing for the Purchal'e Monies of Ellates to be bought by them on behalf of the Crown,

Hosted by Google

311

C.97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

atrd of Intereft and Expences, ami of Incum-tranees affe&ing Eftates of the Crown.

No Contraft for Sale made but by Special Warrant of Treafury.

When Sales are made, Commif-fioners to grant Certificates to Purchafers, delcribing the Premifes, &c.

Receipt of the Purchafe Money without Fee.

Form of Certificate and Receipt.

Inrolment

thereof.

charge of any Purchafe Monies for any Eftates, Manors, Lord-fhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo to be purchafed for and on behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or Suc-ceffors, by the faid Commifiioners under the Authority of this Aft, when and as fuch Purchafe Monies fhall become due and payable to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, and of all Intereft due on fuch Purchafe Monies ; and in the Payment and Difcharge of all Expences incurred in or about the making and completing any Purchafes or Sales under the Authority of this A<ft, and alfo in the Payment and Difcharge of any Incumbrances or Charges affecting any of the Eftates and Poffeflions of His Majefty within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer; but fuch Monies fhall not be applicable to or applied or difpofed of for any other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Contract for the Purchafe or Sale of any Eftate or Eftates fhall be made under the Authority of this A£t, unlefs by Special Warrant to be iffued for that Purpofe by the faid Lord High Treafurer or the Commifiioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That whenever the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being fhall have contracted with any?' Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the Poffefiions or Land Revenues of the Crown hereby authorized to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the faid Commifiioners fhall grant the Pur-chafer or refpeCtive Purchafers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, deferibing the Premifes fo agreed to be fold, and the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame, and which fhall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty one Days after the Date of fuch Certificate ; and the Cafhiers of the Bank, or One of them, fhall upon the Production of fuch Certificate accept and receive the Purchafe Monies therein mentioned, and carry the fame to the Account therein fpecified, and at the Loot or on the Back of fuch Certificate, acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward ; and every fuch Certificate

■ and Receipt fhall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the cafe will admit; and every fuch Certificate and Receipt fhall, within Two Calendar Months after the Date of ffleh Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Diftri£t within which the Premifes therein deferibed are fituate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpofe ; and fuch Auditor, having inrolled the faid Certificate and Receipt, fhall atteft the fame under his Hand, and fhall, upon receiving the ufual Fees for fuch Inrolment, return the faid Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers ; and from and after fuch Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the refpedlive PuVchafers, their Heirs or Suc-ceffors, fhall by force and virtue of this A6t be and be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the adiual, Seifin and Poffeffion of the Premifes, Rights and Interefts to be by them refpedlively purchafed, and fhall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and difeharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him or

them,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 97.

315

them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majefly,

His.Heirs and SuccefTors, might or could have held and enjoyed the

fame if fuch Sale had not taken place; and every fuch Certificate

fhall be refpe&ively witneffed and attefted as to the figning thereof

by the faid Commilfioners, by one of the Principal Clerks or other

Officers in their Office ; and every fuch Certificate and Receipt, a Difcharge to

being enrolled as aforefaid, fhall effe&ually difcharge the refpe&ive Purchafers.

Purchafers to whom the fame fhall be given or granted, of and

from the Confideration or Purchafe Money therein exprelTed, and

fnch Purchafers fhall never afterwards be liable to be called upon,

fued, troubled, molefted or queftioned, for or in refped thereof or

any Part thereof.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Not paying Pur-

Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Certificate as aforefaid fhall be chafe Money ingranted, fhall neglect to pay into the Bank the Confideration Money to Bank, or not therein to be fpecified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the	Recent

Date of fuch Certificate, or fhall negled to inrol fuch Certificate ,n pr0per time> and the faid Caffiier’s Receipt for the Money, for the Space of Two

Calendar Months after the Date of fuch Certificate, then every fuch Certificate fhall be null and void, and the Confideration Money, if Penalty, paid into the Bank, fhall be forfeited, unlefs the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time being (hall, for any reafonable Caufe to be fhewn to them for the Omiffion of fuch Inrolment, order the fame Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon fuch Caufe being fhewn, they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That whenever Warrant from

any of fuch Poffeffions or Land Revenues of the Crown as aforefaid Treafury a fuf-fhall be fold and difpofed of by the Commiffioners for the time f,clent Indem-being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, under	^U1"

the Authority of this Ad, with the Approbation and under the Authority of a Warrant from the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the

time being, iffued for that Purpofe, the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof fhall not be bound or required to make any further Enquiry, whether the fame were or are faleable under the Authority of this Ad, or into the Powers of the Commiffioners in making fuch Sale ; but every fuch Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, having afeer-tained the fame to have been fold under the Authority of a Warrant from the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and having obtained fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and paid the Purchafe Money therein fpecified, and procured the Receipt of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or One of them, for fuch Purchafe Money, and having inrolled the faid Certificate and Receipt with the Auditor cf the Land Revenue within the time and in manner required by this Ad, fhall hold the Premifes fo purchafed by him, her or them, and fhall have free, quiet and peaceable Poffeffion and Enjoyment thereof, and fhall not be liable to be thereafter difturbed under any Pretence or Pretences that the Eftates, Poffeffions or Revenues fo fold and purchafed by him, her or them, were not faleable under the Powers or Authorities of this Ad, or any other Pretence or Pretences whatfoever.

< IX. And

Hosted by Google

C. 97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Power of Com-miffioners to give Notices, and compel Tenants to cjuit Eftates, &.C. belonging to the Crown.

Ail Entries made er.der Authority of Com-mUEoneis declared valid.

4 IX. And Whereas Doubts have arifen and may hereafter arife 4 in cafes where any Notice, Claim, Demand or Entry may be 4 requifite to be given or made by or on the behalf of The King’s 4 Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, touching any of the Eftates or 4 Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering or Survey of 4 the Exchequer, either with a View to the obtaining PofTefiion 4 thereof, by compelling the Tenant, Leflee or Occupier thereof 4 to quit and yield up the fame, or with a View to enforce the Per-4 rormance of any Covenant, Contradl or Agreement, or of any 4 other A£t in relation thereto, or the Payment of any Sum of 4 Money which is or ought to be paid in refpedt thereof, or for 4 any other Purpofe relative to fuch Eftates or Land Revenues, or 4 any Part thereof, whether the Commiftioners for the time being 4 of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues can lawfully 4 give fuch Notices or make any fuch Claims, Demands or Entries, 4 where no exprefs Powers are referved or given to them for thofe 4 Purpofes ; and it is expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be removed, 4 and that the faid Commiftioners fhould be authorized and em-4 powered to do all fuch A6ls as hereinafter mentioned, for or on 4 the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors Be it therefore further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiftioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to give any Notice or Notices, or make any Claim or Demand, Claims or Demands, and to depute or authorize any Perfon or Perfons to make any Entry or Entries, which fhall be requifite or expedient to be given or made by or on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, either with a View to compel any Tenant, Leflee or Occupier of any of'the Eftates which do now or fhall hereafter belong to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, to quit or deliver up the PofTefiion thereof, or to perform any Covenant, Contradt or Engagement in relation thereto, or to do any A£t which is or ought to be done in regard to the Reparation, Cultivation or Management of any of fuch Eftates, or otherwife in relation thereto, or to the Payment of- any Sum of Money which is, fhall or ought to be paid to or for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in refpedl thereof, or any other Notice, Claim, Demand or Entry which fhall or may be requifite or expedient to be given or made by or for, or on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, touching any of the Eftates, Pofleflions or Land Revenues which do now or fhall hereafter belong to His Majefty, Elis Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer ; and that every fuch Notice, Claim or Demand which fhall heretofore have been or which fhall be given or made in Writing under the Hands of the faid Commiftioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, for any of the Purpofes afore -faid ; and every Entry which fhall or may be made by any Perfon or Perfons by them deputed or authorized to make the fame on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or'SuccefTors, into or upon any of the faid Eftates or Pofleflions, fhall be good, valid and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and fhall have fuch and the like Force and Eftcdt as if the fame had been or were refpe&ively given or made by His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, or Tome Perfon

authorized

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1§17-

57° GEO. III.

C.97.

317

authorized by Law to give or make the fame refpedlively on his or their behalf, and all fuch Notices, Claims, Demands or Entries fhall refpe&ively be deemed, conftrued and taken to have been and to be given and made by or on behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any-wife notwithft-anding.

4 X. And Whereas there are at Newmarket, in the County of 4 Cambridge, certain Buildings and Grounds held and enjoyed there-4 with refpe&ively, belonging to the Crown, but of more Ex pence 4 than Value to the Crown, and it is expedient that the fame fhould 4 be fold, namely, a certain Building called The Palace, and a certain 4 Building (heretofore the Greyhound Inn) thereto adjoining, and 4 now or heretofore united or therewith occupied or enjoyed, with 4 the Areas, Courts and Garden Grounds thereto belonging, ex-4 tending from the High Street in Front to Ram Lane in the Rear 4 thereof, in Newmarket aforefaid ; and alfo certain Buildings called 4 The Kingys Great Stables, with the Tenements, Offices, Yards 4 and Ground thereto belonging, fituate in Ram Lane aforefaid ;

4 and alfo a certain Tenement, with the Offices, Yards and Garden 4 Ground thereto belonging, called The Nunnery, or The K\ngys 4 Store Tard, in Saxton Ijane in Newmarket aforefaid, and adjoining 4 in Part to the Yard of All Saints Church there ; and alfo a certain 4 Building ufed as and for a Depofitory for Ice, and called The Ice 4 Hoiife or Ice JVelly in Newmarket aforefaid : And Whereas Doubts 4 may arife whether fuch Premifes are within the Survey and Receipt 4 of the Exchequer in England, and whether the fame are faleable 4 under the Powers contained in this prefent or any exifting A& of 4 Parliament for the Sale of Property belonging to the Crown p Be it therefore further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Tree fury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to make Sale and absolutely to difpofe of the faid Buildings at Newmarket (except any Parts thereof of which the old Materials may have been already fold or difpofed of), and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame ftand, and any other of the Hereditaments and Premifes fituate at Newmarket hereinbefore deferibed, for the beft Price or Confideration in Money which the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time being fhall, under the Direction and with fuch Approbation as aforefaid, be able to obtain for the fame; and fuch Sale fhall be good, valid and effe&ual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and fhall be made in the fame manner and under the like Rules and Regulations as other Sales are hereby dire&ed to be made under the Authority of this A (St; and the Purchafe Monies arifing therefrom (hall be applied in the fame manner and to and for fame Purpofes as any other Purchafe Monies arifing from the Sale of any other of the Pofleffions or Land Revenues of the Crown, hereby authorized to be fold, are hereby directed or authorized to be applied.

4 XL And Whereas an A 61 was pafTed in the Fifty third Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for making 4 a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park., and 4 the Northern Parts of the Metropolis in the Parifh of Saint Mary

4 le

Power to fell the Palace and certain other Buildings and Premifes at Newmarket.

5^0.3. c.iai. § 34-

Hosted by Google

The Comm'f-fioners under 53 G.3. c. 12r. enabled to make Ideates in Exchange for other Leafehold Property.

C. 97.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

6 le bone, to Charing Crofs, within the Liberty of WeHminfler; and 4 for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame ; by which faid 4 Adi the Commiffioners thereby appointed were empowered, amongft c other things, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing 4 of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Trea-4 fury, or any Three or more of them, to convey in Exchange all or 4 any Part of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and 4 Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majelly, His Heirs and 4 Succeffors, fituate within any or either of the Pariffies through c which the faid Streets and Places refpedlively to be eredled and 4 built, altered, Hopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue 4 of that A61, extend, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other * Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which 4 fhould be wanted for the Purpofes of that A61; and alfo to demife 4 or leafe, or previous to any fuch Demife or Leafe to enter into any 4 Contra6l or Agreement for the demifing or leafing, with fuch 4 Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, all or any Part of the 4 Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be 4 purchafed, eredled, built, altered, repaired and improved under or 4 by virtue of that A61, for any term or terms of Years not exceed-4 ing Ninety-nine Years from the making thereof, at fuch Rent or 4 Rents, and under fuch Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and Re-4 Hridtions, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners for 4 executing that A61 ffiould from time to time, with fuch Confent 4 and Approbation as aforefaid, judge proper and think moH advan-4 tageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for granting 4 fuch Leafes, and to apply all fuch Fines to the Purpofes of that 4 A61:	And	Whereas Doubts have arifen whether under the

4 Authorities thereby granted, the faid Commiffioners have Power 4 of granting Leafes in Exchange for other Leafehold Property ;

4 which Doubts it is expedient fhould be removed ; and it is likewife 4 expedient that the leafing Power contained in the faid laH recited 4 A61 and in this Acl fhould be extended fo as to comprize the Plot 4 of Ground herein after defcribed, and the Buildings ere6led or to 4 be ere6led thereon \y Be it therefore further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners for the time being for carrying the faid laft mentioned A61 into Execution, by and with the Confent in Writing of the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to demife or leafe, or previous to any Demife or Leafe to enter into any Contra6l or Agreement for the demifing or leafing, all or any Part of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majelly, His Heirs or Suc-celfors, fituate within any or either of the Pariffies through which the faid Streets and Places refpedlively to be eredled and built, altered, Hopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of the faid laffi mentioned Adi, do extend, to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at fuch Rent or Rents, and under fuch Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and ReHridlions, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners for the time being for executing the faid lall mentioned Adt fhall from time to time, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, judge proper, either wholly or in Part, in lieu of or in Exchange for any Leafe or Leafes, Alignment or Alignments, of

any

Hosted by Google

A.D.I817.

57° GEO. III.

G97.

319

any other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall be wanted for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, and in which faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo wanted, the Perfon or Perfons treating for fuch Exchange may have only a Leafehold or fome other limited Intereft.

4 XII. And Whereas fome of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, 4 Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, fituate on 4 the Weft Side of the Street called The Hay market, and behind the 4 fame on the Eaft Side of the New Street, extending from Picca-4 dilly on the North to Charles Street on the South, and from the 4 Haymarket on the Eaft to the Eaft Side of the New Street on the 4 Weft, are adjacent to and in fome Degree connefted with the 4 Improvements now making under the Authority of the faid Aft 4 of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign ; but 4 Doubts have arifen whether the fame are within the Proviiions of 4 the faid Adi ; but if all fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments were exprefsly included in the Proviftons 4 for granting Leafes comprized herein and in the faid Adi, it would 4 remove fuch Doubts and tend to encourage Builders and other 4 Perfons to undertake the carrying into Execution the Buildings and 4 Works intended to be made with a View to the Improvement of 4 the Weftern Side of the faid Street called The Haymarket, and 4 behind the fame as aforefaid, and fuch Improvement would beof 4 great public Utility Be it therefore further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners for the time being for carrying the faid Adi of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty's Reign into Execution, with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, to demife or leafe, or previous to any fuch Demife or Leafe to enter into any Contradl or Agreement with any Perfon or Perfons for the demifing or leafing, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, all or any Part of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, fituate on the Weft Side of the faid Street called The Haymarkety and all or any Part of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering and Survey aforefaid, lituate between Piccadilly on the North and Charles Street aforefaid on the South, and between the Street called The Haymarket on the Eaft and the Eaft Side of the New Street aforefaid on the Weft, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at fuch Rent or Rents and under fuch Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and Reftriftions, and either in Exchange or not in Exchange for any other Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and in fuch manner as the faid Qom-miflioners for the time being for carrying the faid laft mentioned Aft into Execution {hall from time to time, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, judge proper and think moft advantageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for granting fuch Leafes, and to apply all fuch Fines to the Purpofes of the faid Aft; and that every Leafe of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore deferibed, fo to be granted by the faid Commiflioners for carrying the faid laft mentioned Aft into Execu-

Extending the Powers of the Commifiioners, as to leafing the Houfes on the Weft Side of the Haymarket and between the Haymarket, Piccadilly,Sec. and the Eaft. Side of the New Street.

Hosted by Google

320

C.9/.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

The Street or Row called Market P^ow South,to be Hiut up.

tion, fhall be valid and effedlual, and the Rents arifing therefrom fhall be rcferved, received and applied in fuch and the like manner as if the laid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had been included within the Provifions of the faid laft mentioned Act, and in the Map or Plan and Book of Reference therein referred to ; and all and every fuch Leafe and Leafes of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all and every Leafe and Leafes to be made in Exchange under the Authority of this A£t, (hall be made according to the Forms and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provifions, as other Leafes made by the faid Commiffioners under the Authority of the faid recited Adt of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, are or ufually have been made, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the cafe will admit.

4 XIII. And Whereas a certain Street or Place called Market 4 Row South, fituate on the South Side of Saint Ja?nes*s Market,

4 in the Parifhof Saint James within the Liberty of Wejhninjler, hath

4	been ufed for feveral Years pail, by the Permiffion of His Majefty’s

5	LelTees, as a public Street or Thoroughfare, but the Soil and 4 Freehold of the faid Street have remained and continued and are 4 now veiled in His Majefty in Right of His Crown : And Whereas 4 the Commiffioners for carrying the faid Adt of the Fifty third Year 4 of the Reign of His Majefty into Execution are empowered to 4 caufe feveral of the Streets, Ways, Paffages or Places therein ‘‘deferibed to be widened, altered, flopped up or improved; but 4 Doubts have arifen whether fuch Powers extend to authorize or 4 enable the faid Commiffioners to flop up the faid Street called 4 Market Row South; but fuch Street has ceafed to be any 4 longer ufed as a public Thoroughfare, in confequence of another 4 Street or Way being about to be opened from Norris Street into 4 the New Street in lieu or Head thereof, and of the Alterations 4 now made and making in the Neighbourhood thereof, and it is 4 defirable that the faid Street and the Soil and Freehold thereof 4 fhould be veiled in His Majefty, freed and difeharged from all 4 public or other Rights of paffing or repaffing over the fame Now therefore it is hereby further enabled, That the faid Street or Place called Market Row South fhall henceforth for ever hereafter ceafe to be a public Street, Way or PalTage, and that the Soil and Freehold of the faid Street or Place fhall remain and continue at all times hereafter veiled in His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors, freed and difeharged from all public and private Right of paffing or repaffing over and along the fame, and that the fame Street, and the Scite, Soil and Freehold thereof fhall be liable to be fold, exchanged, leafed or difpofed of by the Commiffioners for carrying the faid laft mentioned Adi into Execution, in fuch and the like manner as any other of the Eftates or Poffeffions of the Crown which are comprized within the Provifions of the faid laft mentioned Adi, and which Ihall not be wanted for the Purpofes of fuch Adt, are thereby authorized to be fold, exchanged or leafed*

4 XIV. And Whereas by an Inquifition taken on the Ninth Day 4 of December in the Fifty lixth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, by virtue of a Commiffion iffued out of His Majefty’e 4 Court of Exchequer, it was found that William Henry White was 4 indebted to the Crown in the Sum of. Forty one thoufand

4 Pounds 5

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 97.

321

c Pounds ; and the laid William Henry White, at the Date of fuch ‘ Inquifition, was feifed of or entitled to a great Number of fmall 4 Rents, which were heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee * Farm and Quit Rents, or other fmall Rents iffuing out of and 4 payable from various Eflates lituate in many different Counties in 4 England and Wales : And Whereas, from the faid Rents being 4 feparately of fmall annual Amount, and iffuing* out of Eflates 4 fituate and lying difperfed in different Counties and Parts of 4 England and Wales as aforelaid, the ordinary Courfe of Proceeding 4 to a Sale thereof by Extent, and by making Sale thereof before 4 the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, will nearly 4 exhaufl the Proceeds of fuch Sales ; and it is therefore expedient 4 to make other Provifions for the Difpofal of fuch RentsBe it fnquifition, therefore enabled, That all and every the Rents which were here- 9th Dec. 56 G. 3. tofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm, Quit Rents or other Small Rents be-fmall Rents iffuing out of and payable from any Eflate or Eflates, [ate’Wn^Henr Lands, Tenements or Elereditaments wherefoever, in England or White, iffuing Wales, the fame may be fituate, which were the Property of or be- out of ElUtes in longing to the faid William Henry White, or in or to which he divers Counties, was in anyway feifed or entitled on or fubfequent to the Ninth vetted in the Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight of0^Majefty’s hundred and fifteen, {hall, from and immediately after the palling of Woods, &c. in this A 61, veil in the Commiffioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls truft to be fold and Land Revenues for the time being (fubjedl to the Dower of Ann for Payment ot the Wife of the faid William Henry White therein, if any fuch {he tJle tJue fhall be entitled to], in Truil to fell and difpofe thereof in manner Q^imt°Ue hereinafter diredled ; and the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are Subject to hereby authorized and empowered, as foon as conveniently may be Dower of Ann after the palling of this A61, to contradl and agree with any Perfon his Wife, or Perfons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of and abiolutely to make Sale and difpofe of all or any of the faid Rents hereby veiled in them in Trull as aforefaid, at or for the bell Prices or Confiderations in Money which the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues can reafonably procure for the fame.

XV. And for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforefaid Rents Certificates to be to the refpedtive Purchafers thereof, be it f urther enadted, That given to Pur-whenfoever the faid Commiffioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls ^rs °/. *he and Land Revenues fhall have contracted with any Perfon or Per- andthePurcllaft fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Rent or Monies to be Rents hereby authorized to be fold by them, the faid Commiffioners paid into the fhall grant unto the Purchafer or. Purchafers thereof a Certificate Bank, under their Hands, fpecifying the Kent or Rents fo contracted lor, the Eflates from whence they iffue, and the Amount of the Pur-chafe Monty to be paid for the fame ; and the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or one of them, fhall, upon the Production of fuch Certificate, accept and receive from fuch Purchafer or Purchafers the Purchafe ^Monies therein ipecified, and at the Foot or on the Back of fuch Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the faid Monies, without Fee or Reward, and return the laid Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers ; and from and immediately after fuch Purchafe Money fhall be fo paid, and fuch Receipt given, and thenceforth for ever, the refpeCtive Purchafers of all and every or any of fuch Rents, and their Heirs, Succeffors or Affigns, fhall

.57 Geo. III.	Y	by

Hosted by Google

3:22

C.97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

CenihcaUf to be in the following X7orm.

Certificates to be wit tie lied. Receipts of the Bank to be in the following Form.

by force of this Adt be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seifin and Pofleffion of the Rents fo by them refpedftively purchased, and (hall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as the faid William Henry White, his Heirs or Affigns, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if the faid Extent had never been iffued.

XVI. And be it further enadled, That the Certificates to be granted by the faid Commiffioners, upon the Sale of any fuch Rent or Rents of the faid William Henry White as aforefaid, (hall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as Circumftances will admit; (that is to fay,)

£ By the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land

Revenues.

► HPHESE are to certify, That A. B. and C. D. Two of the fi Commiffioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land i Revenues, have contracted and agreed with E.F. of c	for	the Sale to him [her or them, as the cafe may be]

*	of all that Rent [or thofe Rents] of	ifluing

6 and payable out of [briefly defcribing the Lands or Hereditaments

*	chargeable] at or for the Price or Sum of

c of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the faid E. F.

*	into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Pub-

6 lie Monies of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4	and	Land Revenues, being “ The Woods and	Forefts	Fund ;,J

*	and	from and immediately after the Payment of	the faid	Sum in

*	manner aforefaid, and thenceforth for ever, the	faid E.	F. [and

c	his,	her or their Heirs, Succefiors or Affigns, as	the cafe	Jhall be]

‘ (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the a&ual Seifin

*	and Pofleffion of the faid Rent [or Rents] fo by him [her or

*	them] purchafed by force and virtue of an A6t of Parliament

*	pafled in the Fifty-feventh Year of the Reign of His Majefty c King George the Third, intituled An Ad; [inferting the Title of $ this Ad~\.

6 Given under the Hands of the faid A. B. and C. D. the c	Day	of

Which faid Certificates (hall be refpedfively witnefled and attefted, as to the figning thereof by the faid Commiffioners, by One of the Principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office:	And	that	the

Receipts to be given or fubferibed by the Cafhier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of fuch Certificates refpe&ively as aforefaid, (hall be in the Words and Form following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to fay,)

< T> ECEIVED the	Day of

i ’ One thoufand eight hundred and	of	and	from

*	jE. F. the Sum of	of	lawful

i Money of Great Britain, being the Confideration Money exprefled € in the above [or within] written Certificate.

c Witnefs my Hand,

‘ For the Governor an.d Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)	Ca^hier.,

Which faid Certificates and Receipts (hall effedtually difeharge the faid Purchafers or other Perfons, to whom the fame fhall be fo given and granted, of and from the Purchafe and Confideration Money

therein

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C.97*

32a

therein refpedlively expreffed; and fuch Purchafers or other Per-Tons fhall never afterwards be liable to or be called upon, fued, troubled, molefted or queftioned, for or in refpedl of fuch Pur-chafe or Confideration Money, or any Part thereof.

c XVII. And Whereas by an Inquifition taken on the Twenty ‘ fecond Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen,

( by virtue of a Writ of Extent diredted to the Sheriffs of the 6 City of London, grounded on the faid firft mentioned Inquifition,

*	it was found that the faid William Henry White was, on the faid c Ninth Day of December in the faid Fifty fixth Year of the Reign c of His prefent Majefty, and at the Date of the faid laft men-c tioned Inquifition, poffeffed of a Sum of Six hundred and fe-c venty nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five pence Three per c Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, ftanding in his own Name in

*	the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

6 and which faid Sum was by virtue of the faid Writ of .Extent c feifed into The King's Hands, but the fame cannot be fold by ‘ reafon of the faid William Henry White having abfconded and 6 abfented himfelf, and it is expedient to make Provifion for the 6 Sale thereof, in order that the Produce thereof may be applied c towards the Difcharge of the Debt fo due from the faid William 6 Henry White to His Majefty Be it therefore enadted, That it ftiall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and the reft of the Barons of His Majefty's Court of Exchequer, upon any Application to be to them made by or on the behalf of His Majefty's Attorney General for the time being, to order or c}ire<ft the Accountant General, Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to transfer the faid Six hundred and feventy nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five pence Three per Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, fo ftanding in the Name of the faid William Henry White as aforefaid in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, into the Names of the Commiffioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, to the Intent that the fame may be by them fold, and the Produce thereof applied and difpofed of towards the Difcharge of the Debt fo due from the faid William Henry White to His Majefty, as aforefaid, and alfo to receive the Dividends now due and which {hall grow due upon the faid Bank Annuities before fuch Transfer fhall be made, and to pay over the fame unto the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to allow fuch Transfer to be made, and fuch Dividends to be received and paid in manner aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enaAed, That this prefent A<ft fhall be and is hereby declared to be a full and ample Indemnity and Difcharge to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all things which fhall be by them done or permitted to be done by virtue or in obedience to any fuch Order as aforefaid; and that the fame fhall not be queftioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any manner whatfoever, to their Prejudice, Lofs or Detriment.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any -Surplus fhall remain from the Monies ariling and to be received

Y 2	from

Certain Bank Annuities ftand-irig in the Name of h/fr. White to be fold, and the Proceeds thereof applied in Re-du&ion of his faid Debt.

Indemnity to the Governor and Company of the Bank and their Officers.

Surplus (if any) which fhall remain after Debt

Hosted by Google

32 t

C.97.

57° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1817

of the Crown lati'fied, to be paid over to Mr. White.

The Corn inif-fioners authorized to indemnify the Pur-chal'ers of Lands, &c. in Braydon Foreft againft Claims of Tithes, &c.

from the Sales of the faid Rents and Bank Annuities, or from the faid Dividends hereby authorized and direfted to be fold, transferred, received and paid as aforefaid, after the Debt due from the faid William Hairy White to the Crown fhall be fully fatisfied and difcharged, fuch Surplus fhall be paid over to the faid William Henry While, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Afligns.

4 XX. And Whereas His Majefty is feifed in Right of His 4 Crown of certain Farms called The Great Lodge Farm, and 4 Slyjield or Slifield Lodge Farm, and of certain other Farms and c Lands fituate in or near the Parifh of Cricklade, in the County of 4 Wilts, with their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, which were 6 heretofore Parcel of the Foreft of Braydon within the faid County 4 of Wilts, and were Parcel of the Demefnes of the Crown within the 4 lame Foreft or the Perambulations thereof: And Whereas the faid 4 Farms and Lands have been at all times heretofore held and 4 efteemed to be exonerated and difcharged from all Payments in 4 lieu of Tithes, fave and except a certain annual Exhibition, Al-4 lowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, payable to the Vicar 4 for the time being of the faid Parifh of Cricklade : And Whereas

-	the faid Farms, Lands and Hereditaments being detached from any < other Fftates or PoffelTions of the Crown, and by reafon thereof

-	inconvenient and expenfive in regard to the Management thereof, 4 are therefore dj fir able to be fold, and fome Parts thereof are already 4 contrafted to be fold, and the Relidue thereof is propofed and in-4 tended to be hereafter fold : And Whereas it would tend to facili-4 tate fuch Sales, if the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, 4 Forefts' and Land Revenues were authorized and empowered to 4 indemnify the Purchafers of the faid Farms, Lands and Heredita-4 ments from any Claim of Tithes arifing from or out of the faid 4 Farms and Lands, and from any Payments in lieu of Tithes, fave 4 and except the faid annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Sti-4 pend of Forty Pounds, or fuch Parts thereof as have been or fhall 4 be apportioned or ftipulated or agreed to be charged upon each 4 Lot or Parcel of the laid Eftates, and to be paid by the Purchafer 4 or refpective Purchafers thereof P Be it therefore enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, to carry into Execution and complete fuch Sales as have been or fhall hereafter be contrafted to be made of the faid Farms and Lands, either by and under the Authority of this Aft, and in the manner and according to the Forms and Regulations hereby preferibed, or under the Authority and according to the Forms and Regulations contained in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, enabling the faid Commiflioners to make or perfeft the fame ; and in order to facilitate fuch Sale or Sales and the Completion thereof refpeftively, the faid Commiflioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues are hereby authorized and empowered, if they (hall think it expedient fo to do, (by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer or of the Commif-floners of His Majefty's Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to be flgnified by any Minute of the laid Lord High Treafurer, or the faid Commiflioners, in Writing or by Letter from any one of lus or their Secretaries, in purfuance of any fuch Minute,) to make or enter into any Deed, Covenant, Contraft or

Agreement,

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817*

57 GEO. III.

C. 97.

325

Agreement, whereby the faid Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues (hall and may covenant, undertake, promife or agree for and on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflbrs, to and with the Purchafer or re-lpedlive Purchafers of the faid Eftates, or of any Lot or Lots,

Parcel or Parcels thereof, to fave, defend, keep harmless and indemnified fuch Purchafer or Purchafers and his, her and their Heirs,

Executors, Adminiflrators or Affigns, and his, her and their Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, of, from and againfi all and all manner of Claims and Demands of any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, of, in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, preedial, perfonal or mixed, arifing or to arife, grow or increafe out of or from all or any of the faid lalt mentioned Farms, Lands or Hereditaments, and of and from all Payments in refpect thereof, and alfo of and from all or any Charges or Outgoings which fhall or may be claimed, fet up, or demanded by any Perfon or Perfons, as againfi or affeiling or payable out of or from or for or in refpedl of the faid Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, (other than and except fuch Part or Proportion of the faid annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, fo payable to the Vicar of Cricklade as aforefaid, or any other Payment, Charge or Outgoing as hath been or fhall be flipulated or agreed to be paid and borne by fuch Purchafer or Purchafers refpectively, or as fhall be apportioned or fet or agreed to be apportioned or fet, upon the Lot or Lots,

Parcel or Parcels of fuch Farms, Lands and Hereditaments by him, her or them refpedlively purchafed or to be purchafed, or which fhall be charged or chargeable thereon by the Terms or Conditions of any fuch Sale or Sales,) and alfo of and from all Adlions, Suits, Cofts, Charges, LofTes, Damages and Expences, for or on account or by reafon or means thereof.

XXI. And it is hereby further enabled, That in cafe any Sum- All Monies to or Sums of Money fhall hereafter become due or payable to any hccome Payyl'le Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Ad- Jy v‘rtue.ot

• -n	A	rr	1	r	rris>	Indemnities, ro

mimftrators or Aiiigns, by reaion or means or any fuch Covenant, be ruled by $,<le

Contractor Agreement for his, her or their Indemnity as aforefaid, of Crown Lands.

then and in every fuch cafe all and every fuch Sum or Sums of

Money fhall and may be raifed by the faid CommifTioncrs for the time

being of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, and

they are hereby authorized and required to raife the fame by Sale of

any of the Eflates, PofTefiions or Revenues of the Crown by this

A 61 authorized to be fold, which fhall be deemed mofl proper and

convenient for thofe Purpofes ; and every fuch Sale or Sales fhall be

made by and with the like Direction and Approbation of the Lord

High Treafurer or of the Commiffioners of His Majefty*s Treafury

for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and by and

under his or their like Warrant, and fhall be completed and carried

into Execution under the like Certificate, and the Purchafe Monies

fhall be paid into the Bank of England under the like Receipt and.

within the like Space of time and under the like Penalty, and be

carried and placed to the like Account as are hereby provided and

enabled with regard to any Sale or Sales to be made for any other

Purpofes under the Authority of this Act; and the Monies arifing

therefrom, or a competent Part thereof, fhall be afterwards iffiued,

paid and applied, by Order of the Commiffioners for the time being

Y 3	of

Hosted by Google

326

C.9/.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

All Deeds, Leafes and other Inftruments under this A6t, to be exempt from Stamp Duty.

Deeds to be in-rolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenues.

of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues (who are hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for thofe Purpofes), in the Difcharge of the Expences attending fuch Sale or Sales, and in the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums as fhall fo become due or payable to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, by reafon or means of any fuch Covenant, Contract or Agreement as aforefaid.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That no Deed or Conveyance, Mortgage, Afhgnment or other Inftrument which fhall be made, executed or figned by any Perfon or Perfons, in purfuance of the faid recited Articles of Agreement, nor any Minute, Memorandum, Contract or Agreement to be made or entered into by or with the Commiflioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the Sale or Purchafe of any other Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, under the Provifions of this Adt; nor any Certificate, Contradt or Receipt, Deed, Covenant, Agreement or Indemnity to be given or granted^ entered into or made to or with any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any of the faid Rents heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm, Quit Rents or other Rents to be fold by the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, under the Powers and Authority of this Adt ; nor any Leafe or Leafes or any Con-tradf or Agreement for any Leafe or Leafes to be entered into, made or granted by virtue of this Adt, fhall be fubjedt or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatfoever, impofed by any Adt or Adts of Parliament now in force or to be impofed by any future Adt or Adts of Parliament, unlefs the fame be fpecially fubjedted and fpecifically charged therewith in and by fuch future Adt and Adis of Parliament.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That all Conveyances, Deeds or Inftruments, whereby the Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the faid recited Agreement contradted to be purchafed for or on the behalf of His Majefty, or whereby any Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fhall be hereafter purchafed by the Commiflioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for or on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, either under or by virtue of the Authority of this Adt, or under or by virtue of any other Adt or Adts of Parliament, Power or Authority, fhall be conveyed to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or them ; and all Leafes to be made or granted by the faid Commiflioners, under the Authority of this Adt or of any other Adt or Adts of Parliament, fhall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor or Auditors of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for the Diftridt within which the Premifes comprized therein fhall be fituate, (or if fuch Premifes fhall be fituate within the Diftridt, of more than One fuch Auditor, then in the Office of any One of fuch Auditors,) upon Payment of the ufual Fees for fuch Inrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof fkall be entered and preferved in the Office of the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty?s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues j and every

fuch

Hosted by Google

A. D.1817*

C. 97.

3 27

57° GEO. IIL

fach Conveyance, Deed, Leafe or other Inftrument, when fo in-rolled and entered, fhall, without any Inrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any other Inrolment or Regiftry thereof, be as good and available in Law and of the like Force and Effeft, in all Refpefts and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been or was inrolled in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmlnfter, or as if a Memorial had been entered or re-giftered in the Office appointed for regiftering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County or Counties in which the fame Eftates or any of them are fituate; any Aft of Parliament, Law, Practice or Ufage to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Commiffioners of Hi9 Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being fhall, in every Report which (hall be made by them to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, and to both Houfes of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenues of the Crown, from and after the paffing of this Aft, fo long as the Powers of Purchafe and Sale given by this Aft fhall continue in force, certify and report what Eftates, Manors, Lordfhips, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been purchafed for and on behalf of His Majefty, under the Powers and Authority of this Aft, defcribing the Premifes fo purchafed and the Purchafe Money paid or to be paid for the fame, and the Terms on which fuch Pur-chafes fhall be completed; and alfo what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown fhall have been fold under and by virtue of this Aft, fmce the time of their making their laft preceding Report, and what Sum and Sums of Money fhall have been raifed by means of every fuch Sale, and in what manner the fame fhall have been applied and difpofed of*

* XXV. And Whereas there are certain Sums or Funds Handing 6 in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 England, in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities*

4 in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancafter, which 4 have arifen and been produced by Sales of certain Parts of the i Pofleflions of the faid Duchy, and it will tend to the Improvement 4 of other Parts of the PofTeffions of the faid Duchy if a fufficient 4 Part of the faid Bank Annuities was fold, and the Produce thereof 4 applied in the manner and for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lane after, by any Order or Orders to be made in Court of Revenue of the faid Duchy, from time to time to order or direft that any Part or Parts of the Three Pounds per Cent. Confolidated Annuities now Handing or which may hereafter Hand in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancafter, fhall be fold and difpofed of; and that the Monies arifmg by any fuch Sale or Sales fhall be applied and appropriated in or towards Payment, Satisfaction and Difcharge of any Sum or Sums of Money or Expences which fhall be incurred in the Divifion, Inclofure, Drainage, Embankment or other Improvement of any Mefluages, Lands or Tenements belonging to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in Right of His laid Duchy, which ihall be certified by the Surveyor General of the faid Duchy

Y 4<	upon

Good without Inrolmentsinthe

Courts, 5fc.

The Com mi f-

fioners of Woods, &c. to certify in their Reports to the King, and Parliament, what Ptirchafes or Sales have been made under this A£t, and how Monies have been applied.

Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancafler may fell Part of their Funded Stock, and apply the Money towards the Improvement of the Lands, &c. belonging to the faid Duchy.

Hosted by Google

C. 97.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S17

upon Oath, to be filed in the Duchy Office, to be proper, neceflary, advantageous and beneficial to His Majefty’s faid Pofleffions ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England fhall and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Requifition to them for that Purpofe to be made by any Order or Orders of the faid Chancellor and Council, and under the Hand of the Attorney General of the faid Duchy, to permit fuch Perfon as fhall in and by fuch Order be named and empowered for that Purpofe to make any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of all or any Part of the faid Bank Annuities which now do or fhall hereafter Hand in the Books of the faid Governor and Company in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancajler; and which Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, being made by the Perfon fo to be authorized by the Signature of his own proper Name, for and on the behalf of The King’s Majefty in Right of His Duchy of Lancajler, fhall be valid, legal and efFedtual for the Sale or Transfer of the faid Annuities ; any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Practice, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

This Aft an In- XXVI. And be it further enadted, That this prefent Adi fhall demnity to Bank be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and [uobed^nceto Discharge to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-Orders of laid land, their Officers and Servants, for all things which fhall be by Chancellor,&c. them done or permitted to be done by virtue or in obedience to any fuch Order or Orders of the faid Chancellor and Council; and the fame fhall not be queflioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any manner whatfoever to their Prejudice, Lofs or Detriment.

SCHEDULE to which this A£l refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contradls for Sale, made by the Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues.

By the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreils and Land

Revenues.

THESE are to certify, That in purfuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the	Day	of

Jl. B. and C. D. Two of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foi'efts and Land Revenues, for and on the behalf of The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, have contracted and agreed with E. F. of	for

the Sale to the faid EJF. of all \Jiere defcribe the Premifes to be foldy and any fubfijling Grants, Leafes or Contracts ajfefting the fame J at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the faid E. F. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being ‘ The Woods and Forefts Fund ;’ and from and immediately after the Payment of the faid Sum into the Bank in manner aforefaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the faid Purchafe Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforefaid, and thenceforth for ever, the faid E. F. and [his, her or their Heirs or Suc-

ceffors

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57* GEO. III.

C.97,98.

329

ceifors or Affigns] (hall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the aGual Seifin and PoiTeilion of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes fo by [him, her or them] purchafed, and fhall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and difcharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him or them, [_if fubjeft to any Grant, Leafe or Contract, then add, 4 fave and except the Perfon 4 or Perfons claiming under the faid Grant, Leafe or ContraG,’ as the cafe may be,~\ and in as full and as ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if fuch Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands, this	Day	of

in the Year of our Lord

Signed by the above named	1

in the Prefence of j

FORM of RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the	Day	of

of and from E.F. the Sum of	of	lawful Money of

Great Britain, being the Coniideration Money expreffed in the [above or within] written Certificate.

Witnefs my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)	Cafhier.

CAP. XCVIII.

An AG for ratifying the Purchafe of the Impropriate ReGory of Saint Mary le bone in the County of Middlefex.

[loth July 1817.]

* \ HERE AS for the purchafmg and veiling in the Crown the 4 V V Impropriate ReGory and Right of Prefentation of and to 4 the perpetual Curacy of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of 4 Middlefex, and the Patronage or Right of Prefentation of and to 4 the feveral Chapels in the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone hereinafter 4 mentioned, with a View to the better Ordering and Regulation of 4 the faid Parifh, Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Second 4 Day of June in this prefent Year, have been made and entered into 4 between The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, of the Firft Part;

4 the Right Honourable William Hujkijfon, William Dacres Adams 4 and Henry Dawkins, Efquires, Commiftioners of His Majefty’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, of the Second Part; and the 4 Moil Noble William Henry Cavendiflo Scott Duke of Portland, 4 of the Third Part ; in Subftance and to the EffeG following ; that 4 is to fay, after reciting that the ReGory, Advowfon or perpetual 4 Right of Nomination and Appointment of the Curate or Chaplain 4 of the Pariih Church of Marybone, alias Maryborne> alias Saint 4 Mary le bone, in the County of Middlefex, whereof the Reverend 4 Luke Heflop, DoGor of Divinity, is at prefent Incumbent, is 4 veiled in the faid Duke and his Heirs, or in a Truftee or Truftees 4 for the faid Duke, in Fee Simple, or he is other wife entitled to fell 4 and difpofe thereof; and that the faid Duke, in Right of fuch 4 ReGory, is alfo feifed of or claims to be well entitled to the

4 Patronage

Agreement,

2d June 1817, for the Purchafe of the Impropriate Redory, recited.

Hosted by Google

330	C.98.	57" GEO. III.	A.D.I817.

4 Patronage and perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment 4 of the feveral Curates or Officiating Minifters of the feveral Chapels * following; that is to fay, Portman Chapel, Bentinck Chapel, Quebec 4 Chapel, and Saint John’s Chapel, all lituate within the faid Pariffi 4 of Saint Mary le hone; and that the faid Duke is alfo entitled,

4 with the Confent and Approbation of the Veftrymen for the time 4 being of the faid Pariffi, to nominate and appoint the Clerk and 4 Sexton of Saint John’s Chapel aforefaid and of the Burial Ground 4 to the fame belonging ; and the faid Duke or his Truftee orTruf-4 tees is or are alfo feifed in Fee Simple of and in the Three feveral 4 Chapels called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Cha-4 pel, all fituate within the faid Pariffi of Saint Mary le bone, and of 4 the Ground and Soil whereon the fame are eredted and built, and 4 entitled to all the Rents, Profits and Produce of fuch laid men-4 tioned Chapels, he providing proper Minifters, Clerks and other 4 Officers to officiate therein, and to perform the feveral Duties 4 which are or ought to be performed therein, fubjedt, as to the 4 faid Chapel called Welbeck Chapel, to a Leafe granted thereof,

4 with other Hereditaments, to William Franks for the Term of 4 Ninety nine Years, under the yearly Rent of Two Pounds, from 4 Chrijlmas One thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, and to the 4 Covenants and Agreements therein contained ; and alfo fubjedt to 4 a Rent of Forty two Pounds per Annum, referved out of the fame 4 Premifes by an Under Leafe granted thereof by the faid William 4 Franks, for a Term which will expire in the Year One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fixty two^ of which Under Leafe the faid Duke 4 or his Truftee or Truftees now alfo is or are pofiefied, fubjedf to 4 the fame Rent of Forty two Pounds, and to the Covenants and 4 Agreements therein contained ; and that the faid Duke or his 4 Truftee or Truftees now alfo is or are feifed of or other wife well 4 entitled to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in a certain 4 Chapel called Margaret Chapel* fituate in the faid Pariffi of Saint 4 Mary le bone, fubjedt to a Leafe granted thereof, with other 4 Hereditaments, to Thomas Huddle, for the Term of Ninety nine 4 Years from Lady Day One thoufand feven hundred and-forty nine* 4 at and under the annual Rent of a Pepper Corn ; and that the 4 faid Duke is alfo pofieffed of or well entitled to a certain other 4 Chapel called Brunfwick Chapel, likewife fituate in the faid Parilli 4 of Saint Mary le bone, held by him for the Refidue of a Term of 4 Seventy fix Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty 4 Days) from Chrijlmas One thoufand feven hundred and ninety 4 five, fubjedl to the Payment of a yearly Rent or Sum of Forty 4 two Pounds, and to the Performance of the Covenants and Agree-4 ments in the Leafe thereof contained, and which laft mentioned 4 Chapel is alfo fubjedt to an Under Leafe, granted of the fame by 4 the faid Duke to the Reverend George Saxby Penfold Clerk, for 4 the Term of Fourteen Years from the Twenty fifth Day of March 6 One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, at and under the yearly 4 Rent of Three hundred and fifty Pounds : And alfo, after reciting, ‘"’that the faid William Hujkijfon, William Dacres Adams and Henry 4 Dawkins, as fuch Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4 and Revenues as aforefaid, have (by and with the Confent and 4 Approbation of the Commiffioncrs ot His Majefty's Treafury of 4 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland} treated with

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.98.	831

£ the faid Duke for the Purchafe of the faid Redory, Advowfon,

4 Right of Patronage, Nomination and Appointment of the Curate 4 or Chaplain of the faid Parifh Church of Marybone, alias Mary-4 borne, alias Saint Mary le bone, and of all his Rights and Interefts 4 in the faid Rectory, and of and in the faid feveral Chapels and 4 Premifes, for and on the behalf of The King’s Moft Excellent 4 Majefty, and have propofed to give the Price or Sum of Forty 4 thoufand Pounds for the fame, and that the faid Duke has agreed 4 to accept fuch Propofal, and to fell and difpofe of the faid 4 Redory, Advowfon, Rights and Interefts, with the Exceptions 4 and fubjed as thereinafter expreffed and contained, at or for the 4 faid Price or Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds ; it is by the faid 4 Articles of Agreement witneffed, and the faid William Hujkijfon,

4 William Dacres Adams and Henry Dawkins, as fuch Commiffioners 4 as aforefaid, (at the Requeft and by and with the Confent and c Approbation of the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Trea~

4 fury,) do, for and on the behalf of His Majefty, His Heirs and 4 Succeffors, thereby covenant, contfad and agree to and with the 4 faid Duke, his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, to purchafe 4 and buy, and the faid Duke doth thereby for himfelf, his Heirs,

4 Executors and Adminiftrators, covenant, contract and agree to 4 and with His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to fell unto His 4 Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, at or for the faid Price or 4 Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds, tb be paid at the times and 4 in manner thereinafter mentioned, all that the faid Redory,

4 Advowfon or perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment 4 of the Curate or Chaplain of the faid Parifh Church of Mary-4 bone, alias Maryborne, alias Saint Mary le bone aforefaid; and 4 alfo the Patronage and perpetual Right of Nomination and Ap»

4 pointment of or belonging to the faid Duke, in Right of fuch 4 Redory or otherwife, of the feveral Curates or officiating Minifters 4 of and to the faid feveral Chapels called Portman Chapel, Ben*

4 tinck Chapel, Quebec Chapel and Saint John’s Chapel, fttuate in 4 the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, and with fuch Confent 4 and Approbation as before mentioned, of the Clerk and Sexton 4 of Saint John’s Chapel and Burial Ground aforefaid ; and alfo all 4 thofe the faid Three feveral Chapels called Portland Chapel,

4 Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, and the Ground and Soil 4 whereon the fame refpedively ftand and are ereded and built,

4 fttuate in the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, fubjed, as to 4 the faid Chapel and Premifes called Welbeck Chapel, to the refpec-4 tive Leafes affeding the fame as therein before mentioned, and 4 alfo all Rents, Profits and Produce to arife and become payable to 4 the faid Duke, his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, from 4 the faid Chapels and Premifes ; and alfo all that Chapel called 4 Margaret Chapel, fttuate in the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone9 4 and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame is ereded and built,

4 fubjed to the faid Indenture of Leafe granted thereof with other 4 Hereditaments to the faid Thomas Huddle, and to the Covenants,

4 Conditions and Agreements therein contained ; and alfo all that 4 Leafehold Chapel called Brunfwick Chapel fttuate in the faid 4 Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, for and during all the Eftate, Term 4 and Intereft of the faid Duke therein, fubjed to the faid Under 4 Leafe granted thereof to the faid George Saxby Penfold; and all

4 the

Hosted by Google

332

C.98.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1817-

c the Chapel, Yards, Cemeteries and other Lands and Grounds,

*	Rights and Privileges, to the faid Chapels and Premifes or any c of them belonging or in any wife appertaining ; and all the Eftate, c Right, Title, Intereft, Property, Claim and Demand whatfoever 4 of him the faid Duke, of, in and to the faid Redlory, Advow-4 foil, Patronage, Chapels and Premifes (except and always referved 4 to the faid Duke, his Heirs and Affigns, all the Pews as well 4 in the new Parifh Church as in the old Church or Chapel 4 of Saint Mary le bone aforefaid, now appropriated to or ufed

*	by the faid Duke, his Family or Domeftics ; and alfo the Bury-4 ing Ground or Vaults of or belonging to the faid Duke and his 4 Family in the faid old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary le bone ;

4 and alfo fave and except all the Tithes, Great and Small, and all 4 Modufes, Compositions and other Payments in lieu thereof, an-4 nually arifing, growing or increafing, or hereafter to arife, grow 4 or increafe from or out of all and every of the Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments, belonging to the faid Duke in the 4 faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone ; and except and alfo referved 4 to the faid Duke and his Heirs the Right of nominating or 4 prefenting the Reverend Thomas White, the prefent Curate of Wei-4 beck Chapel, to that Chapel, whenever it fhall become vacant by 4 the Death, Ceffion or Promotion of the Reverend Charles Dyer, 4 the prefent Incumbent thereof, if the faid Thomas White fhall be 4 then living and capable of taking and holding the fame) ; to hold 4 the faid Redtory, Advowfon, Right of Nomination and Appoint-4 ment and all the faid feveral Chapels and Premifes (other than 4 and except and fubjedt as aforefaid, and except the laid Chapel 4 called Brunfnvick Chapel,) unto The King’s Majelly. His Heirs 4 and Succeffors for ever, or unto and to the ute of fuch Perfon or 4 Perfons as the faid Commillioners for the time being of His 4 Majelly’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues fhall (by and with 4 the Confent and Approbation of the Commillioners of His Majelly’s 4 Treafurv for the time being, or any Three of them) diredf, in 4 trull for His Majelly, His Heirs and SuccelTovs for ever, free 4 from all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever, but lubjedl to the 4 Incumbency of the prefent Curate or Chaplain of the faid Parifh 4 Church of St. Mary le bone aforefaid, and to the continuing of the 4 feveral Curates or officiating Minifhers, Sextons, Clerks, Organills 4 and other Officers, in the faid Church and feveral Chapels during 4 their refpedtive Lives, if they fhall, by themfelves or fufficient 4 Deputies or Affillants, fo long continue to difeharge the Duties of 4 their refpedlive Offices and Situations in a due and regular manner, 4 and as they have refpedlively heretofore done ; and alfo fubjedl 4 to the Payment of the feveral yearly and any other Salaries and 4 Sums of Money in the Schedule thereunder written mentioned, 4 now paid or payable to them by the faid Duke during their refpec-4 tive Lives, or fo long as they fhall continue in fuch their refpedlive 4 Miniflries, Offices or Situations, and to fundry fmall Payments to 4 fubordinate Officers and Servants, which do not exceed in the 4 whole the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds ; and to hold the faid 4 Chapel called Brunfwick Chapel unto The King’s Majelly, His 4 Heirs and Succelfors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid 4 Commillioners for the time being of His Majelly’s Woods, Forells 4 and Land Revenues fhall, by and with fuch Confent and Appro-

4 bation

Hosted by Google

57° GEO, III.

C. 98.

383

4 bation as aforefaid, direCl or appoint, in trull fur His Majefty, 4 His Heirs and Succeflbrs, for and during* all the Reft and Refidue * and Remainder of the laid Term of Seventy ex Tears and One 4 Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty 33ays) yet to come and unex-4 pired, fubjeCl to the Payment of the laid yearly Rent of Forty 4 two Pounds, and to the Performance of the feveral Covenants 4 and Agreements under which the faid Duke holds the fame, and 4 which are and ought henceforth, on the Leflee’s Part and Behalf, 4 to be paid, obferved and performed in refpeCt thereof, and alfo 4 fubjeCl to the faid Under Leafe granted of the faid lalt mentioned 4 Chapel and Premifes unto the faid George Saxby Penfold ; and the 4 faid Duke doth thereby, for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors and 4 Adminillrators covenant, promife and agree to and with The 4 King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in manner following ; 4 that is to fay, that he the faid Duke, his Heirs, Executors or 4 Adminillrators, fhall and will, within the time or Space of Three 4 Calendar Months from the Date thereof, make out and deliver, or 4 caufe to be made out and delivered, unto the Commiflioners of 4 His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time 4 being, or their Solicitor, for their Ufe, a full and complete AbftraCt 4 of his or their Title to the faid Rebtory, Advowfon, Chapels and 4 Premifes, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, free from 4 any Incumbrances, except and fubjeCl as aforefaid, and except as 4 to the faid Chapel called Brunfwick ChapeU as to which the faid 4 Duke fhall by fuch AbftraCl deduce and (how a clear Title to the 4 fame, for all the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Term of 4 Seventy fix Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty 4 Days), fubjeCl to the faid yearly Rent or Payment of Forty two 4 Pounds, and alfo fubjeCl to the faid Under Leafe granted thereof 4 to the faid George Saxby Penfold as aforefaid ; and that he the 4 laid Duke, His Heirs, Executors and Adminillrators, upon receiv-4 ing the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, being the Firft Inftalment 4 of the faid Purchafe Money or Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds, on 4 or before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight 4 hundred an'd eighteen, and on having the Payment of the Refidue 4 or Remainder thereof at the times and in the Proportions tberein-4 after mentioned, fecured in manner thereinafter expreffed, with fuch 4 Intereft for the faid Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds as therein-4 after mentioned, fhall and will, by fuch Deeds, Inftruments, Con-4 veyances, Aflurances or Aflignments as the Commiflioners of His 4 Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being,

4 orTne Law Officers of the Crown for the time being, {hall reafon-4 ably require, and at fuch Cofts and Charges as thereinafter men-4 tioned, well and effectually convey, affign and allure the laid Rec-4 tory, Advowfon, Chapels and Premifes thereby contracted to be 4 fold, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, (other than and 4 except the faid Chapel called Brunfwick Chapel, and except and 4 fubjeCl as before mentioned, and 1'ubjeCt to and charged and 4 chargeable with the Payment of the Relldue or Remainder of the 4 faid Purchafe Money and Intereft, by fuch Inftalments as therein-4 after mentioned, and with fuch Term or Terms of Years as the 4 Counfel of the faid Duke, his Heirs or Affigns, fhall advile or 4 require for fecuring the due Payment of fuch Inftalments and 6 fuch Intereft as aforefaid,) unto The King’s Majefty, His Heirs or

4 Succeflbrs,

Hosted

331

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

4 Succeflors, or unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be for that 4 Purpofe nominated and appointed as aforefaid, in truft for His 4 Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors for ever, free from all Charges 4 and Incumbrances, fave and except as aforefaid, and afiign the faid 4 Chapel called Brunfwick Chapel, for all the Reft, Refidue and 4 Remainder of the faid Term of Seventy fix Years and One Quarter 4 of a Year (wanting Forty Days), fubjecl to the Payment of the 4 faid Yearly Rent of Forty two Pounds, and to the Performance 4 of the feveral Covenants and Agreements which are and ought 4 on the Leflee’s Part, as and from the Twenty ninth Day of Sep-4 temher next, to be kept, done and performed in refpeft of fuch laft 4 mentioned Chapel, and alfo fubjeft to the faid Under Leafe granted 4 thereof to the faid George Saxby Penfold, and to the faid Inftal-4 ments of the faid Purchafe Money and the Jntereft thereof, but 4 free from all other Charges, Outgoings and Incumbrances what-4 foever : And the faid William Hifkijfon, William Dacres Adams 4 and Henry Dawkins, do by the faid Articles of Agreement (by 4 and with fuch Confent and Approbation of the faid Commiflioners 4 of His Majefty’s Treafury as aforefaid, for and on the behalf of 4 His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors,) thereby covenant, pro-4 mife and agree to and with the laid Duke? his Heirs or Afiigns,

4 that the faid Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds, the Purchafe Money 4 aforefaid, fhall be paid to the faid Duke, His Heirs, Executors,

4 Adminiftrators or Afligns, or to whom he or they fhall appoint,

4 by and out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, at the times,

4 by the Inftalments, and in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned 4 and appointed for the Payment thereof; that is to fay, the Sum of 4 Ten thoufand Pounds, being One Fourth Part of the faid Prin-4 cipal Sum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September which 4 will be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, upon the Execution of fuch Deeds, Conveyances, Aflign-4 ments and Aflurances as aforefaid by all proper Parties, and a good 4 and fatisfa&ory Title being made out and fliewn to the faid Rec-4 tory, Advowfon, Chapels and Premifes, according to the true 4 Intent and Meaning of the faid Agreement ; the further Sum 4 of Ten thoufand Pounds, being One other Fourth Part thereof, 4 on the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in the Year 4 of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; the further 4 Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, being One other Fourth Part 4 thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September whieh will be in 4 the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; 4 and the further Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, being the r Aiain-4 ing Fourth Part thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September 4 which will be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hun-4 dred and twenty one, together with Intereft for the faid Sum of 4 Forty thoufand Pounds, or fo much thereof as fhall from time to 4 time remain unpaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cen~ 4 turn per Annum, fuch Intereft to commence and be computed from 4 the Twenty ninth Day of September next enfiiing the Date thereof, 4 and to be paid by Half Yearly Payments, until the whole of the 4 faid Principal Purchafe Money fhall be fully paid and difcharged: 4 And it is by the faid Articles further agreed by and between the 4 faid Commiflioners Parties thereto on behalf of His Majefty, His 4 Heirs and Succeflors, and the faid Duke on behalf of himfelf,

4 his

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 98.

335

4 his Heirs, Executqrs and Adminiftrators, that His Majefty, His 4 Heirs and SnccelTors, (hall be entitled to all the Rents, Profits 4 and Advantages arifing and refulting from the faid Redfory,

4 Advowfon, Chapels and Premifes, which the faid Duke, or his 4 Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators would have been entitled to,

4 or could or might have had, received, taken or enjoyed, as and 4 from the Twenty ninth Day of September next, if that Contrail or 4 Agreement had not been made ; and that all fuch Rents and other 4 Profits, and all Powers, Privileges and Advantages of or belonging 4 or refulting from the faid Premifes, (hall be received, had, taken,

4 exercifed and enjoyed by the faid Duke, his Heirs, Executors,

4 Adminiftrators or Afiigns, for his and their own Ufe and Bene-4 fit up to that time, fubjedf however to the Reftridiion thereinafter 4 contained, and which (hall or may be contained in the Adt of Par-4 liament thereinafter mentioned : Provided, and it is thereby further 4 agreed, that if at any time between the Date of thofe Articles and 4 the Clofe of the prefent Sefiion of Parliament, the faid Parifti .4 Church or Chapel of Saint Mary le bone, or any of the faid Chapels 4 or Offices, ffiall become vacant by reafon of the Death, Ceffion,

4 Deprivation or Promotion of the prefent Incumbent, or of any of 4 the officiating Minifters or other Officers, no Nomination or 4 Appointment of any Perfon or Perfons to fupply fuch Vacancy 4 or Vacancies ffiall be made or take place before the End of the 4 prefent Seffion of Parliament, unlefs the Adt of Parliament therein-4 after mentioned ffiall have fooner received the Royal Aftent, in f which cafe all fuch Nominations and Appointments are to be 4 regulated by the Provifions of the faid Adf, and after providing 4 by whom and in what manner the Expences of making out the 4 Title Deeds, Abftradfs and neceffary Conveyances required for 4 completing the faid Purchafe ffiall be borne and defrayed, and 4 apportioning the fame, and after providing that nothing therein c contained ffiall extend or be conftrued to charge the faid Com-4 miffioners, Farties thereto, in their own proper Perfons, or their 4 or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chat-4 tels, with or for the Performance of any of the Covenants or 4 Agreements therein contained, but that fuch Covenants or Agree-4 ments ffiall only be enforced as againft the Land Revenues of the 4 Crown ; and that all Cofts, Charges and Expences which ffiall or 4 may become payable by reafon or means of any fuch Covenants or 4 Agreements, or any Breach or Non Performance thereof, ffiall be 4 raifed, levied and recovered by, from or out of fuch Revenues only,

6	any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife 4 notwithftanding ; and after reciting that an Application is intended 4 to be made to Parliament in the prefent Seffion for an Adi to 4 confirm the faid Agreement, and to regulate the Nomination and 4 Appointment of Perfons to fupply any Vacancies which may 4 occur by the Death, Ceffion, Deprivation or Promotion of the 4 prefent Incumbent, or of any of the officiating Minifters or other 4 Officers aforefaid, before the Title to the faid Redtory and Pre-4 mifes fliall be fully approved, and fuch Deeds, Conveyances,

4 Affignments and Afturances thereof as aforefaid ffiall be executed ; 4 and alfo to enable the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, 4 Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being to raife fuch Sum c or Sums of Money as ffiall be requifite for the Completion of the

4 faid

Hosted by Google

336

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

Expediency of confirming the Purchafe, and of providing a Fund for the Payment of the Purchafe Money.

Agreement confirmed.

The Commif-fioners of Woods, ic. empowered to raif'e Money by Sale of Crown .Lands for the Completion of fuch Purchafe.

A.D. 1S17.

‘ faid Purchafe, by Sale of Lands or Hereditaments belonging to

*	the Crown ; it is by the faid Articles of Agreement exprefsly

*	provided and declared, that if fuch ACl of Parliament cannot be

<	obtained, or fhall not pafs during the prefent Seflion of Parliament, ‘ that then the faid Agreement and the Contract thereby made, and

<	every thing therein contained, fhall ceafe, determine and be void : ‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Articles of Agreement 4 fhould be confirmed, and that Provifions fhould be made for enabling ‘ His Majefty and the faid Commiffioners, Parties thereto, to make € good the ContraCt thereby entered into on behalf of His Majefty, ‘ and to carry the fame into EffeCl ; and that in order to provide 4 a Fund for the Payment of the faid Purchafe Money when the 4 fame fhall become due, the Commiffioners for the time being of His 4 Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues fhould be authorized 4 and empowered to fell and difpofe of certain Parts of the Land 4 Revenues and Poffeffions of the Crown, and to apply the Money 4 ariling from fuch Sales in the Payment of fuch Purchafe Money, 4 and the completing and making good the Contract entered into

*	by the faid in part recited Articles of Agreement: And Whereas 4 it may hereafter be deemed expedient, with a View the more 4 effectually to extend to the Pariffiioners of the faid Parifh of Saint 4 Mary le bone the Benefit of Eccleiiaftical Superintendence, and 4 the Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties, in relation to fuch Per-4 fons and Children and others requiring Spiritual Affiftance, and 6 the Promotion and Improvement of the religious and moral Habits 4 of the Perfons refiding therein, that the faid Parifh fhould be 4 divided and formed into ieveral feparate and diftind Parifhes, and 4 to make Provifion for the better ordering and Regulation thereof; 4 and it is therefore neceffary, with a View to fuch future Divifion 4 and Improvement of the laid Parifh, that the Nomination to the 4 faid perpetual Curacy, and to the feveral Offices hereinafter men-4 tioned, fhould be put under the Regulations hereinafter contained ;9 Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the faid Second Day of June in this prefent Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, fhall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contraCl and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and abfolutely to make Sale of fuch or fo many or fo much of the Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordfhips or Franchifes, or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Iffues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arifing therefrom, or incident to or recoverable in refpeCt thereof, or any Meffuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes or Wafte Lands, or any other Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer

Hosted by Google

A.D.181?.

57° GEO. III.

G. 98.

337

'in England, for the beft Prices or Confiderations in Money which the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Hand Revenues fhall, under the DireHion and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three of them, be able to procure for the? fame, as will raife a Sum fufflcient for payihg the Amount of the faid Purchafe Money, or any Inftalments or Inftalment thereof, and the Intereft to be paid or payable in refpeH thereof, and the Ex-pences of fuch Sale or Sales, and of completing and carrying into Effeft the Contract fo entered into by the hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement; and the Monies to arife from fuch Sale or Sales fhall be paid into the Bank of England in manner hereinafter mentioned, and applied by the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, who are for that Purpofe hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank in the Payment and Difcharge of the Money fo to be paid for the Purchafe of the faid Premifes, with the Intereft thereon, when the fame ftiall become due and payable according to the faid Articles of Agreement, or at fuch other time or times as the faid Commiflioners fhall think expedient, and in difcharge of the Expences incurred and to be incurred in the making and completing fuch Sale or Sales, and in completing the ContraH fo made with the faid Duke, and in carrying the fame into Execution ; and in the mean time and until the fame yjie Monies fhall be required for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Monies ariling from railed to he paid the Sales hereby authorized to be made fhall from time to time be into the Bank in paid in manner hereinafter mentioned, into the Bank of England, and Names of be there placed to the Account dire&ed by an AH palled in the ai^nn^c^tl' Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to the Credit of for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the the Woods and Crown and Surveyor General of His Majefly's Woods, Forefls, Parks Forefts Fund, as and Chacesy to be railed in the Books of the Governor and Company hy 5° G-3-c. 65. of the Bank, entitled “ The Account of the public Monies of the ^he'Completion “ Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Reve- of the Purchafe. “ nues, being The Woods and Forefls Fund.”

III.	Provided always and be it further enaHed, That no fuch Con- No ContraH traH fhall be made unlefs by fpecial "Warrant to be iflued for that without Warrant Purpofe by the Lord High Treafurer or the faid Commiflioners of llom Trealu»yv the Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enaHed, That whenever the Commiflioners When Sales are of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time contracted to he being fhall have contraHed with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or n’a<j5* ^ur7 Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Royalties, Honours, Certificates ^ Hundreds, Manors, Lordfhips, Franchifes or any Rights, Members or thereof, and to Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any pay their Pur-Fines, Iffues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies ariftng there- chaie MonLes from or incident to or recoverable in refpeH thereof, or of any Mef- int0 B fuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, ™r>h be adjudged Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Wafte Lands or other Tenements to be in actual or Hereditaments, or any other Revenues under the Authority of Seilin,&c.

this AH to be fold as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners fhall grant to the Purchafer or refpeHive Purchafers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, deferibing the Premifes fo agreed to be fold, and the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame, and which 57 Geo* III.	Z	fhall

Hosted by Google

S38

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

Receipt of Pur-chafe Money without Fee. Form of Certificate and Receipt.

Enrolment

thereof.

A Dilcharge to Purchafers.

Not paying Pur-chafe Money into Bank within time limited, or omitting to enrol Certificate. *

(hall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty one Days after the Date of fuch Certificate ; and the Cafhiers of the Bank or One of them fhall, upon the Produ&ion of fuch Certificate, accept and receive the Purchafe Monies therein mentioned, and carry the fame to the Account therein fpecified, and at the Foot or Back of fuch Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward ; and every fuch Certificate and Receipt fhall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the cafe will admit ; and every fuch Certificate and Receipt fhall, within Two Calendar Months after the Date of fuch Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Diftridt within which the Premifes therein defcribed are fituate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpofe ; and fuch Auditor having enrolled the faid Certificate and Receipt fhall atteft the fame under his Hand, and fhall, upon receiving the ufual Fees for fuch Enrolment, return the faid Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers, and from and after fuch Enrolment and thenceforth forever the refpe&ive Purchafers, their Heirs or Succeffors or Affigns, fhall by force and virtue of this A6t be and fhall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be, in the adtual Seilin and Poffeffion of the Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordfhips, Franchifes or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Iffues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arifing therefrom or incident to or recoverable in refpe& thereof, or any Mef-fuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines,'Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, Wafte Lands or other Tenements or Hereditaments or Revenues to be by them refpedfively purchafed, and fhall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and difcharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if fuch Sale had not taken place ; and every fuch Certificate fhall be refpeftively witneffed and attefted, as to the figning thereof by the faid Commiffioners, by One of the principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office ; and every fuch Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforefaid, fhall effedtually difcharge the refpedtive Purchafers to whom the fame fhall be given or granted, of and from the Purchafe or Confideration Money therein expreffed, and fuch Purchafers fhall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, fued, troubled, molefted or queftioned for or in refpedl thereof or any Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, to whom any fuch Certificate as aforefaid fhall be granted, fhall negledl to pay into the Bank of England the Purchafe or Confideration Money therein to be fpecified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of fuch Certificate, or fhall neglect to enrol fuch Certificate, and the faid Cafhier’s Receipt for the Money, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Date of fuch Certificate, then every fuch Certificate fhall be null and void, and the Confideration Money, if paid into the Bank, fhall be forfeited, unlefs the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time‘being fhall, for any reafonable Caufe to them fhown for

3*	the

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 98.

339

the-Omiffion of fuch Enrolment, order the fald Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon fuch Caufe being fhown, they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

VI.	Provided always and be it further ena61ed, that the Com- Commifiioners miffioners of His Majefty Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for [jf'^^•[rRe^ the time being fhall in every Report which {hall be made by them p0rt to The King to The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, and to both Houfes of Par- and Parliament liament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, what Sales have from and after the pafling of this A 61, fo long as the Power of Sale been made under given by this A61 fhall continue in force, certify and report what jbis Ail, and Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown fhall have been been'eS fold under and by virtue of the Provifions of this A 61, fince the time applied.

of their making of their laft preceding Report, and what Sum and

Sums of Money fhall have been railed by means of every fuch Sale,

and in what manner the fame fhall have been applied and difpofed of ;

and that when and as foon as the Monies required for the Purpofe of Powers of Sale

paying the faid Purchafe Money and completing the faid Contraft <Ace'?le w.h.e*?

made with faid Duke and the Payment of the Expences aforefaid omesraile

fhall have been raifed, the faid Commifiioners fhall certify the fame in

their then next Report ; and when and as foon as the fame fhall be fo

raifed, all the Powers of Sale hereby given to them fhall ceafe and be

no further exercifed.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That all Conveyances, Deeds or Deeds to he en-

Inftruments, whereby the Redlory, Advowfon, perpetual Right of rolled in Office Nomination and Appointment, and other Rights, Chapels, Privileges,	^and^

Hereditaments and Premifes,by the faid recited Agreement contradled Revenue,

to be purchafed, fhall be conveyed to His Majefty, His Heirs or Suc-ceflors, or to any Perfon or Perfons in truft for him or them, fhall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues for the County of Middlefex, on Payment of the ufual Fees fuch Enrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof fhall be entered and preferved in the Office of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and every fuch Conveyance, Good without Deed or Inftrument, when fo enrolled and entered, fhall, without any Enrolment in Enrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any the Courts, &c. other Enrolment or Regiftry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like Force and Effect, in all Refpedls and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been or was enrolled in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or as if a Memorial thereof had been entered or regiftered in the Office appointed for regiftering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the faid County of MiddleJ'ex ; any A61 of Parliament, Law, Pra6tice or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That no Deed or Writing, Deeds, Con-Conveyance, Mortgage, Affignment or other Inftrument, which fhall trads and other be made, executed or figned, in purfuance of the faid recited Articles Inftruments to of Agreement, or for carrying the fame into Execution, nor any Certificate or Receipt, Deed or other Inftrument to be given or jy^y^ amp granted to any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Royalties, Honours,

Hundreds, Manors, Lordfhips, Mefluages, Lands, Tithes, Rents,

Tenements or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold for

the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall be iubje6f or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatfoever impofed by any A61 or A6ls of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be impofed by any

Z 2	future

Hosted by Google

310

If the Curacy become vacant before Provifion made by Parliament fry Regulation of Parifh, no permanent Nomination of n new Curate fhall be made without the Confent of Parliament.

The Duties to be performed by a Pei Ton appointed by The King, and the Tithes and other Dues to be collected, recovered and received by the Duke until, &c.

Title to Re&ory approved, and then by Perl'on appointed by the Com mifli oners with the Approbation of the Treafury.

Monies paid into the Bank of England.

C.9S,	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1817-

future Adi or Adis of Parliament, unlefs the fame be fpecially fubjedled thereto and fpecifically charged therewith in and by fuch future Add or Adis of Parliament.

IX- And be it further enadled. That in cafe the faid perpetual Curacy of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone fhall become vacant by the Death, Cefiion, Deprivation or other Avoidance of the faid Luke Hejlop, or of any fueceeding Curate, after the palling of this Adi, and before Provilion fhall be made by any other Adi or Adis of Parliament for the dividing or better ordering and Regulation of the faid Parifh) no permanent Nomination of any Perfon to the faid Curacy fhall be made without the Confent of Parliament; but all Ecclefiaflical Duties which the Curate of the faid Parilh of Saint Mary le bone for the time being would have been bound to perform if this Adi had not been made, fhall be done, difeharged and performed by a fit and proper Perfon to be appointed by His Majefly, His Heirs or Succeffors, fuch Appointment to be by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by the Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Treafury of the United Kingdom, or any Three of them lor the time being ; which Perfon fo to be appointed fhall continue to difeharge the Duties of -the faid Curacy until Provifion fhall be made by fome future Adi or Adis of Parliament for the Regulation of the faid Parifh, unlefs the faid Curacy fhall fooner become again vacant, by the Death, Cefiion or other Avoidance of the Perfon fo appointed, in which cafe fome other Perfon fhall be in like manner appointed to fucceed thereto, and fo from time to time as often as any Vacancy fhall occur, until fuch Provifion as aforefaid fhall be made for the permanent Regulation of the faid Parifh, and the Performance of the Duties of the faid Curacy ; and that in the mean time the Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues belonging to the faid Curacy, or thence ariling, or payable in refpedl thereof, fhall be received, taken and colledled by the faid Duke or his Heirs, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fiiall appoint, fubjedl to the Provi-fions of the faid Agreement, until the Title to the faid Redloty and Premifes fiiall be accepted and approved, and fuch Conveyances thereof as in the faid Agreement mentioned fhall be executed ; and from thenceforth the fame Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues fhall be received, taken and collected by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time fiiall, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer, or of the Commiflioners for the time being of Plis Majefly’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpofe appoint ; and the Monies to be produced thereby or colledled therefrom fhall be from time to time paid into the Bank of England, and be there placed to the Account of the Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, to be held by him or them, or invefled in the Public Funds, until the further Difpofal thereof fhall be directed and appointed by any fuch future Adi or Adis of Parliament as aforefaid; and the Commiflioners of His Majelly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues for the time being fhall have and they are hereby invefled with all fuch Powers and Authorities to fue for, enforce and compel Payment of the faid Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and other Revenues, in the Name of the Perfon by whom the faid Duty or Office of Curate fiiall be performed, in fuch and the like manner, and by the

fame

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.98#

Ml

fame Procefs, Suit or Means, as the Curate for the time feeing of the •faid Parifh could or might have had or ufed in cafe this A£l had not been made, and as if fuch Perfon had been duly nominated and was in Fa£t and in Right the permanent or perpetual Curate of the faid Pari Hi.

X.	Provided aifo, and be it further enabled, That it {hall and may fee lawful for the Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, out of the Monies to be received for fuch Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues as aforefaid, to allow and pay fuch Sums of Money as to him or them {hall appear a competent Salary to the Perfon fo nominated by them to execute for the time being the Duties of Curate of the faid Parifh, and alfo to the Perfon who {hall be fo appointed to colledt or receive the faid Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any of the faid Chapels (hall become vacant, by the Death, Ceffion, Deprivation or other Avoidance of any of the Minifters thereof, or in cafe any Vacancies fhall occur either in the faid Parifh Church or in any or either of the faid Chapels, in the Offices of Sexton, Clerk or any other Office of, in, or to which the faid Duke has the Right of Nomination or Appointment, after the palling of this Aft, and before the making of fuch Provision for the permanent Regulation of the faid Parifh by Parliament as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe (except in the cafe of Brunfwick Chapel> and alfo except in the cafe of any Vacancy in Welbeck Chapel, to be occafioned by the Death, Ceffion or Deprivation^of the prefent Curate or Minifter thereof, if the faid Thomas White {hall be then alive and deiirous of being nominated thereto, in which cafe the faid Duke or his Heirs is and are to be at Liberty to nominate the faid Thomas White to be the Curate or Minifter of fuch laft mentioned Chapel, no permanent Appointment of any Minifter, Clerk, Sexton or other Officer, to fupply any fuch Vacancy (except as aforefaid) {hall be made ; but His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, {hall have full Power and Authority to appoint fit and proper Perfons to execute the Offices fo becoming vacant, until fuch Provifion fliall be made by Parliament for the permanent Regulation of the faid Parilh as aforefaid, fuch Appointment to be by Warrant under the Hands of any Three or more of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom for the time being; and all the Rents, Profits and Revenues arifing and accruing from the faid Chapels, fhall be taken, received and collected by the faid Duke or his Heirs, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall appoint, fubjeCl to the Provifions of the faid Agreement, until the Title to the faid ReCtory and Premifes fliall be accepted and approved, and fuch Conveyances thereof as in the faid Agreement mentioned fliall be executed ; and from thenceforth the fame fliall be received, taken and colleCl'ed by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Commiflioners of His Majefty ?s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being fhall (by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Commiflioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them) for that Purpofe appoint; and the Surplus of the Monies arifing therefrom, after Payment of the Salaries or Stipends of the feveral Curates or Minifters of the faid Chapels, and of the feveral Officers of the faid Parifli Church and Chapels to whom Salaries or Stipends fliall be payable,

Z 3	fhall

Salary to officiating Minilter.

No permanent Nomination of any new Curates or Minifters to any of the faid Chapels, nor of any new Officers, to be made until fuch new-Re-gulations fhall take place, except as to the Nomination of Mr. White ,to Welbeck Chapel, and except as to Brunfwick Chapel ;

and Profits of Chapels received by the Duke ;

and then by Per* Ions appointed by the Cornmif* fioners with tha Approbation of the Treafury.

342

C. 98.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

If Vacancies happen before the Title be approved or the Conveyances executed, the Duke, with the Approbation of the Treafury, is to nominate the Perfons tofupply fucli Vacancies. *

If the Title to the Rectory be not accepted, the Duke is to have and enjoy the fame Right as if the fjid Agreement had never been executed, or this Ait patted.

General Saving.

Hi all be paid into the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treafury for the time being, to be held by them, or invefled in the fame Way as hereinbefore directed with regard to the Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues of the faid Curacy of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le lone.

XII.	Provided and it is hereby further enabled and declared, That in cafe any fuch Vacancy as aforefaid fhall happen in the Curacy of the faid Parifh, or in any of the faid Chapels or Offices (except as aforefaid), by the Death, Ceffion, Deprivation or other Avoidance of the Curate, Minifter or any of the faid Officers for the time being, before the Title of the faid Duke or his Heirs to the faid Rectory fhall be accepted and approved, and before the Conveyances fo agreed to be executed thereof as aforefaid fhall be executed, that then and in fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons to be appointed to fupply every fuch Vacancy fhall be nominated by the laid Duke or his Heirs, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High Trea-furer, or the faid Commifiioners for the time being of His Majefly’s Treafury, or any Three of them ; but all fuch Perfons fhall be liable to be difeontinued and removed by the faid Lord High Treafurer, 'or the faid Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treafury, or any Three of them, immediately or at any time after the faid Title fhall be fo approved and accepted, and the Conveyances aforefaid fhall be fo executed as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That in cafe the Title of the faid Duke or his Heirs to the faid Rettory and Premifes fhall not be accepted and approved, and that by reafon thereof or for any other Caufe the Contract for the Pur-chafe thereof fhall be annulled or not carried into Execution, that then and in fuch cafe the faid Duke and his Heirs fhall thenceforth have and enjoy all fuch Right of Nomination, and other Rights, Powers and Privileges, in, to and over the Redlory, Chapels and other Offices, and the Appointment of the Curate, Miniflers and other Officers aforefaid, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Agreement had never been executed, or this prefent A 61 had never been paffed ; and that then and from thenceforth all the Reflri6tions and Provifions herein contained, touching the Nomination of the Curate, Miniflers and other Officers, fhall ceafe, determine and be no longer of any Force or Effe6l ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwithflanding.

XIV.	Saving always to all and every Perfon and Perfons, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators and Affigns refpe&ively, except the faid Duke of Portlands his Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators and Affigns, all fuch Rights, Titles and Interefls, Privileges, Powers and Authorities in the Premifes, as they or any of them could have had, exercifed or enjoyed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this A61 had not been made ; any thing herein^ before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithflanding.

SCHEDULE to which this A£l refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contracts to be made by the Commifliopers of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues.

BY the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues : Thefe are to certify, That in purfuance of a Warrant

from

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 98,. 99.

343

from the Right Honourable the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Trea-fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the	Day	of	A.	B. and C. D.

two of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King’s Mod: Excellent Majefty, have contracted and agreed with E. F. of	for	the Sale

to the faid E. F. of all [here defer ibe the Premifes to he fold, and any fuhfijling Grants, Leafes or Contracts ajfcding the famej at or for the Price or Sum of	of	lawful Money of Great Britain

to be paid by the faid E. F. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being “ The Woods and Forefts Fund and from and immediately after the Payment of the faid Sum into the Bank in manner as aforefaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the faid Purchafe Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforefaid, and thenceforth for ever, the faid E. F. and his, her or their Heirs [or Succeffors, as the cafe may bef] or Affigns, Hi all be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the a&ual Seifin and Poffeffion of the Hereditaments and Premifes fo by him [her or them] pur-chafed, and ffiall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and difeharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under Him or them, [if fubjed to any Grant, Leafe or Contrary then add <( fave and except the Perfon or Perfons claiming under the faid Grant Leafe or Contradi,” as the cafe may be~], and in as full and as ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if fuch Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands this Day of	in	the	Year	of our Lord

Signed by the above named

in the Prefence of

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED, the	Day

of and from E. F. the Sum of	of

lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Confideration Money menr tioned in the above [or within] written Certificate.

Witnefs my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)	Caffiier.

CAP. XCIX.

An Adi to confolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms*, and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices j and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England.

[loth July 1817.] c TY7HEREAS an Adi paffed in the Twenty firft Year of the aiH.S.c^f * VV Reign of His Majefty King Henry the Eighth, intituled ( An Ad againf Pluralities of Benefices % taking of Farms by Spiritual

Z 4?	«	Men} 'v *

Hosted by Google

344

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

38 H.8. c.13.

13 Eliz. c. 20.

1 4 F.liz. c. 11. 18 Eliz. c. 11. 43 Eliz. c. 9.

3 C. 1. c.4.

43 G- 3* c. 84.

43 g-3- c. 109.

12 Ann. Stat. 7,

C. 12*

36 G.3. c. 83.

53 G* 3- c.149-

Recited Ails repealed.

fifi /®S5. 94/

*	TlLvi, /br Refidence: And Whereas another A 61 pafted in the 4 Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty King Henry <■ the Eighth, intituled An A8 for compelling Spiritual Perfons to 4 keep Refidence upon their Benefices : And Whereas another A6t 4 was paftid in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majefty

*	Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Aft touching Eecfes of Benefices, and 4 Ecclfafical Livings with Cure : And Whereas Three feveral A6Ts 4 pafTed in the Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Forty third Years refpecT 4 tively of the Reign of Her faid Majefty Queen Elizabeth, for ex^ 4 plaining and amending the faid recited A6T of the Thirteenth Year 4 aforefaid ; and which were made perpetual by an A£t pafTed in the 4 Third Year of the Reign of Flis Majefty King Charles the Firft, 4 intituled An Aft for the Continuance and Repeal of divers Statutes ; 4 And Whereas another A61 was' pafTed in the Forty third Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to amend the 4 Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms, and for en-

*	forcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfo.ns on their Benefces in

*	England : And Whereas another ACt pafTed in the Forty third 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to 4 reftify a Mifake in an Aft made in this prefent Seffion of Parlia-4 ment, intituled 4 An Aft to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual 4 Perfons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual 4 Perfons on their Benefces in England, and to remove a Doubt re-4 fpefting the Title of the Statute of the Twenty frf Tear of King Henry 4 the Eighth therein mentioned ft And Whereas an A61 was pafTed in 4 the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, 4 intituled, An Aft for the better Maintenance of the Curates within 4 the Church of England, and forpreventing any Ecclefaf leal Perfons 4 from buying the next Avoidance of any Church Preferment: And 4 Whereas an A61 was pafTed in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for the further Support 4 and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for 4 making certain Regulations refpefting the Appointment offuch Curates, 4 and the Admiffion of Perfons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne’j-4 Bounty, with refpeft to the Avoidance of other Benefces : And 4 Whereas another ASt pafted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for the further Support 4 arid Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates : And Whereas Doubts 4 have arifen upon the Conftrudfion of fome of the Provifions of the 4 faid A6Ts; and it is therefore neceflary that fuch Provifions of the 4 faid Acls fhould be explained, and other Provifions made, and 4 that the feveral Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of 4 Farms, and to buying and felling, and for enforcing of Refidence 4 and the Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, fhould be confolidated 4 in one ASt ft May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Cop Tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A Sty fo much of the faid feveral recited A6Ts pafted in the Reign of His Majefty King Henry the Eighth, and fo much of the faid Afis of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen Elizabeth, and of the faid recited A61 of His Majefty King Charles the Firft, as relates to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms, and to Leafes of Benefices and Livings,

*	"	and

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.99.

345

and to buying and felling, and to Refidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices; and alfo fo much of the faid recited Adi of Her Majefty Queen Anne, and of the faid recited Adi of the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as relates to the Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and making Pro-vifion for appointing Stipends for fuch Curates, and all the faid feveral other recited Adis puffed in the Reign of His prefent Majefty, /hall be and the fame are refpedtively hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enadled, That from and after the palling of this Adi it fhall not be lawful for any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, Benefice or any Stipendiary Curacy or Ledlurefhip, to take to farm, for Occupation by himfelf, by Leafe, Grant, Words or otherwife, for Term of Life or Term of Years, or at Will, any Lands, exceeding in Amount in the whole Eighty Acres, for the Purpofe of occupying or ufing or cultivating the fame, without the Confent in Writing of the Bifhop of the Dio-cefe in which fuch Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, Stipendiary Curacy or Ledlurefhip fhall be locally fituate, fpecially given for that Purpofe ; and every fuch Permifiion to any Spiritual Perfon to take to farm, for the Purpofe of occupying the fame, any greater Quantity of Land than Eighty Acres, fhall fpecify the Number of Years, not exceeding Seven, for which the Permifiion is given ; and every fuch Spiritual Perfon as aforefaid who fiiall, without fuch Permifiion as aforefaid, take to farm any greater Quantity of Land than Eighty Acres, fiiall forfeit for every Acre of Land above the Quantity of Eighty Acres fo taken to farm, the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Year during or in which he fiiall fo occupy, ufe, cultivate or farm fuch Land contrary to the Provifions of this Adi, to be recovered by and to the Ufe of any Perfon who may inform and fue for the fame.

III.	And be it further enadled, That no Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, Benefice, Stipendiary Curacy or Ledlurefhip, fiiall by himfelf, or by any other for him or to his Ufe, engage in or carry on any Trade or Dealing for Gain or Profit, or deal in any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, by buying and felling for Lucre, Gain or Profit, in any Market, Fair or other Place, upon pain of forfeiting the Value of the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, by him or by any to his Ufe, bargained and bought to fell again contrary to the Provifions of this Adi ; and that every Bargain and Contradl fo made by him, or by any to his Ufe, in any fuch Trade or Dealing, contrary to this Adi fiiall be utterly void and of none Effedl ; and the one Half of every fuch Forfeiture fiiall go to His Majefty, and the other Half to him that will fue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained in relation to being engaged in Trade or Dealing, or buying or felling, fiiall extend or be conftrued to extend to, or to fubjetft to any Penalty or Forfeiture, any Spiritual Perfon for keeping a School or Seminary, or adling as a Schoolmafter or Tutor or Inftrudlor, or being in any manner concerned or engaged in giving Inftrudlion or Education for Profit or Reward, or for buying or felling, or doing any other Adi, matter or thing in the Condudl of, or carrying on, or in relation to the Management of any fuch School, Seminary or Employment; or to any Spiritual Perfon whatever, for the buying

Spiritual Perfons talcing to farm for Occupation above Eighty Acres without Confent of Bi(hop.

What fuch Cort-fent is to exprefs.

Penalty.

Spiritual Perfon beneficed, or performing Ec-clefiaftical Duty, engaging in Trade, &c.

Penalty,

and Contra&s void.

Provifo fcr Spiritual Perfons engaged in keeping Schools, or as Tutors,&c.’ m reipect of any thing done, or any buying or felling in fuch Employment; and for felling any thing bona fide bought for

C. 99.

5 T GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

the Ufe of the Family ; or occupying any Glebe, Sic.

Nou Refidence.

Penalties according to time.

Where noHoufe belonging to Benefice, Sec. Refidence within Limits of ParilB, Sec. legal Refidence.

of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or Articles or things of any Defcription, which (hall, without Fraud or Covin, be bought, to the Intent and Purpofe, at the buying thereof, to be ufed and employed by the Spiritual Perfon buying the fame for his Family or in his Houfehold, and after the buying of any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or Articles or things, the felling the fame again, or any Parts thereof, which fuch Perfon may not want or choofe to keep, although the fame fhall be fold at any advanced Price beyond that which may have been given for the fame ; or for any buying or felling again for any Lucre, Gain or Profit of any manner of Cattle or Corn, or other matters or things whatever, neceffary, proper or convenient to be bought, fold, kept or maintained by any Spiritual Perfon, or any other Perfon for him, or to his Ufe, for the Occupation, Manuring, Improving, Paflurage or Profit of any Glebe, Demefne, Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which may be lawfully held and occupied, poffeffed or enjoyed by fuch Spiritual Perfon, or any other for him or to his Ufe : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize any fuch Spiritual Perfon to fell any Cattle or Corn, or other matters or things as aforefaid, in Perfon, in any Market, Fair or Place of public Sale.

V.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A61 every Spiritual Perfon holding any Benefice, who lhall, without any fuch Licence or Exemption as is in this A6I allowed for that Purpofe, wilfully abfent himfelf therefrom for any Period exceeding the Space of Three Months together, or to be accounted at feveral times in anyone Year, and make his Refidence and Abiding at any other Place or Places except at fome other Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of which he maybe polfelTed, lhall, when fuch Abfence lhall exceed fuch Period as aforefaid, and not exceed Six Months, forfeit and pay One third of the Annual Value (deducing therefrom all Outgoings, except any Stipend paid to any Curate) of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry from which he lhall fo abfent himfelf as aforefaid ; and when fuch Abfence fhall exceed Six Months and not exceed Eight Months, one Half of fuch Annual Value ; and when fuch Abfence fhall exceed Eight Months, Two Thirds of fuch Annual Value ; and when fuch Abfence lhall have been for the whole of the Year, Three Fourths of fuch Annual Value, to be recovered by A6tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or the Courts of Great Sellions in Wales, wherein no Elfoign, Privilege, Protedlion or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and the whole of every fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall go and be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame, together with fuch Cofls of Suit as fhall be allowed, according to the Pradlice of the Court in which fuch A6tion fhall be brought.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That every Spiritual Perfon having any Benefice, and who fhall not have any Houfe of Refidence thereon, and who fhall have refided Nine Months in the Year within the Limits of his Benefice, or within the Limits of the City, Town, Place or Parifh in which his Benefice may be fituated, provided fuch laft mentioned Refidence be within the Diftance of Two Miles from the Church or Chapel of his Benefice, lhall not be liable to any Penalties

on

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

34/

on account of Non Refidence, nor be obliged to take out any Licence in refpedl thereof, but that the fame fhall be deemed a legal Refidence to all the Intents and Purpofes of this Aft ; and in all Returns made by the Bifhops, Perfons fo refiding fhall be returned as refident.

4 VII. And Whereas the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty In what cgfe 4 have in fome Inftances purchafed and may hereafter purchafe Houles purchaf-4 Houfes not fituate within the Parifhes for which they are purchafed,

4 but fo contiguous as to be fufficiently convenient and fuitable for £0~nty 4 the Refidence of the officiating Minifters thereof;’ Be it therefore deemed Refi-enabled, That fuch Houfes, having been previoufly approved by the dences.

Bifhop by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and duly regiftered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe, fhall be deemed Houfes of Refidence appertaining to fuch Benefices to all Intents and Purpofes whatfocver.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That in all cafes of Re&ories Re&oric-shaving having Vicarages endowed, the Refidence of the Vicar in the Reftory Vicarages en-Houfe fhall be deemed a legal Refidence to all Intents and Purpofes dowe * whatever ^provided that the Vicarage Houfe be kept in proper Repair, to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Power in Bifhop

Bifhop, in every cafe in which there fhall not be a Houfe of Refidence ^	^

belonging to any Benefice within his Diocefe, to allow and adjudge to°he%refer-ne any fit Houfe within the Limits of fuch Benefice and belonging ment to ^e a thereto, or any fit Houfe belonging thereto not within the Limits, Houfe of Rebut fo contiguous as to be fufficiently convenient for the Purpofe, fidence.

to be the Houfe of Refidence thereof; and fuch Allowance and Adjudication in Writing under the Hand and Seal of fuch Bifhop fhall thereupon be regiftered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe from time Such Allowance to time; and fuch Houfe fhall thenceforth be deemed the Houfe of t0 regiftered. Refidence for the time being to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enadted, That no Spiritual Perfon, being In what cafe the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor or Commifiary of either of the Univer- following Per-fities of Oxford or Cambridge, or being Warden, Dean, Provoft, £ons exempted Prefident, Redlor, Principal, Mafter or other Head Ruler of any Col- fo^No^Refi-lege or Hall within the faid Univerfities, and no Spiritual Perfon deuce, having or holding any Profefforfhip or any public Readerfhip in Chancellor,&c. either of the faid Univerfities, being adlually refident within the Pre- in theUniver-cindlsof the Univerfity and reading Lectures therein ; and no Scholar **tles»

under the Age of Thirty Years, abiding for Study without Fraud at either of the faid Univerfities ; and no Chaplain of the King’s or RoyalChapiains; Queen’s Moft Excellent Majefty, or of any of the King’s or Queen’s Children, Brethren or Sifters, during fo long as he fhall actually attend in the Difcharge of his Duty as fuch Chaplain in the Houfe -hold to which he fhall belong ; and no Chaplain of any Archbifhop or Chaplains of Bifhop, or of any Temporal Lord of Parliament, or of any other Per- Veers, &c.; fon or Perfons authorized by Law to appoint any Chaplain or Chaplains, during fo long as fuch Chaplain or Chaplains fhall abide and dwell and daily attend in the adtual Performance of his Duty as fuch Chaplain in the Houfehold to which he fhall fo belong ; and no Spi- Chaplain of the ritual Perfon actually ferving as a Chaplain of the Houfe of Com-	of	^onl‘

mons, or as Clerk of His Majefty’s Clofet, or as a Deputy Clerk clerk of the thereof, or a Clerk of the Clofet of the Heir Apparent, or as a De- Clofet; puty Clerk thereof, or as a Chaplain General of His Majefty’s Forces Chaplains in the by Sea or Land, or Chaplain of His Majefty’s Dock Yards, while Forces and Dock fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall be a&ually attending and performing the ards>

Duties

Hosted by Google

C. 99;

57" GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Chaplains of Ambalfndors, &c. abroad ,

Duties of fuch Office refpe£tively ; or as a Chaplain in the Houfe-hold of any Britijh AmbaiTador refiding abroad, during the time of his performing the Duties of fuch his Office ; or as Chancellor or Vicar General, or as Commiflary, whilft exercifing the Duties of their Offices refpedtively ; or as an Archdeacon, while upon Vifitations or other-wife engaged in the Exercife of his Functions ; and no Spiritual Per-fon being a Minor Canon or Vicar Choral, or Prieft Vicar, or any fuch other Public Officer, in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, during the times for which fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall actually refide within the Precinfts of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church to which he fhall belong, or within the City or Town in which the faid Cathedral or Collegiate Church is fituateor the Suburbs thereof, and fhall a&ually perform the Duties of his Office ; or as a Dean or Subdean, or Prieft or Reader, in any of His Majefty’s Royal Chapels at Saint James's or Whitehall, or as a Reader in His Majefty’s Private Chapels at Windfor or elfewhere, whillt refiding and actually performing the Duty of any fuch Office refpe£tively ; or as a Preacher in any of the Inns of Court or at the Rolls ; or as Burfar, Treaiurer, Dean, Vice Prefident, Subdean or Public Tutor or Chaplain, or other fuch Public Officer in any College or Hall in either of the Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, during the Period for which he may refpe6lively be required, by reafon of any fuch Office, to refide and perform the Duties of any fuch Office, and actually fhall refide and perform the Duties of the fame ; or as Public Librarian or Public Regiftrar or Prodlor, or Public Orator or other fuch Public Officer, in either of the faid Univerfities, during the Period for which he may relpe6lively be required by reafon thereof to refide and perform the Duties of any fuch Office, and actually (hall refide and perform the Duties of the fame ; or as Fellow of any College in either of the Univerfities, during the time for which he may be required to refide by any Charter or Statute, and fhall actually relide therein ; or as Warden, Provoft or Fellow of Eton or Winchejler College, or the Mafter of the Charter Houfe, during the time for which he may be required fo to refide and fhall a&ually refide therein refpedlively ; or within the City or Town or Suburbs of the City or Town within or near to which the faid Colleges are refpediively fituate ; or as a Mailer or Ufher in the faid Colleges of Eton or Winchejler, or as a Mailer or Ufher of Wejlmirjler Principal, &c. of School, or as Principal or Profeffor of the Eajl India College ; or who the Eaft India fhall be fpecially exempt from Refidence under the Provifions of College.	any	or	Gf	Parliament	not	repealed	by this A61, fhall be

liable to any of the Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures in this A 61 contained, for or on account of any Non Refidence, during any fuch Period as aforefaid, on any Benefice; but every fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall, with refpe£t to Refidence under this A61, be entitled to account fuch Period as if he had legally refided on fome other Benefice ; any thing in this A61 contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

XI. And be it further ena6led, That it fhall be lawful for any Spiritual Perfon being Dean, during fuch time as he fhall refide upon his Deanery, or being Prebendary or Canon, or holding any other Dignity or Dignities in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Churches, who fhall refide any Period not exceeding Four Months altogether within the Year upon fuch Dignity or Dignities, to account fuch Refidence as if he had legally refided on fome Benefice:

Provided

Archdeacons;

Minor Canons, &c.;

Dean, Sec. at St. James’s or Whitehall; Reader in the King’s Private Chapels; Preacher in Inns of Court or the Rolls; Burfars,&c. of College ;

Public Librarian, Sec, in the Univerfities ;

Fellows of Colleges ;

Warden, Scc. of Weftminfter and Eton and Win-chefter ;

Mafter of the Chalter Houle;

Provifo for Dignitaries refiding at Cathedral Churches, &c. for certaiu Periods.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

319

Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Prebend, Canonry or Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in which the Year for the Purpofes of Refi-dence is accounted to commence at any other Period than the Firft of January, and who may keep the Periods of Refidence required for Two fucceftive Years at fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in whole or in part, between the Firft of January and the Thirty firft of December in any One Year, to account fuch Refidence, although exceeding Four Months in the Year, as reckoned from the Firft of January to the Thirty firft of December, as if he had legally refided on fome Benefice ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which any Benefice fhall be locally fituate to licenfe any longer Period of Non Refidence upon any fuch Benefice of any Prebendary, Canon or other Perfon holding any Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in any cafe in which it fhall appear to fuch Bifhop, from his own Knowledge, if fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Church is locally fituate within his own Diocefe, or if not, by the Certificate of the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which the Cathedral or Collegiate Church fhall be locally fituate, to be required for the Performance of any Duties in any fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Church; provided that every fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall during fuch Period refide on fuch Prebend, Canonry or Dignity.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Perfon appointed to any Prebend, Canonry or Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church before the pafling of this Ad, fhall be fubjed to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non Refidence upon any Benefice during the Period of his adually refiding upon fuch Prebend, Canonry or Dignity.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That every Spiritual Perfon having any Houfe of Refidence upon his Benefice, who fhall not refide thereon, fhall, during fuch Period or Periods of Non Refidence, whether the fame fhall be for the Whole or Part of any Year, keep fuch Houfe of Refidence in good and fuificient Repair ; and that every fuch Spiritual Perfon who fhall not keep fuch Houfe of Refidence in Repair, and who fhall not, upon Monition ifiued by the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which the fame fhall be locally fituate, put the fame in Repair, according to the Requifition of fuch Monition, withiu the time fpecified therein, to the Satisfadion of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, and to be certified to the Bifhop upon fuch Survey and Report as fhall be required by the Bifhop in that behalf, fhall be liable to all Penalties for Non Refidence, notwithftanding any Exemption or Licence, during the Period of fuch Ploufe of Refidence remaining out of Repair, and until the fame fhall have been put in good and fufftcient Repair, to the Satisfadion of the Bifhop of the Diocefe.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad it fhall be lawful for any Bifhop, upon Application made for that Purpofe, by Petition in Writing, by any Spiritual Perfon, or by any fit and proper Perfon on behalf of any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice locally fituated within his Diocefe, upon fuch Proofs as to any Fads ftated in any fuch Petition as any fuch Bifhop may think necefiary, and fhall require by Affidavit made

before

Cafes In which the Year of Re-fidence at Cathedrals commences at any other Period than the ift of January.

Bifhop may Li-cenle for a longer Period, if the Duties of a Cathedral or Collegiate Church require it.

Provilb for Prebendaries, See. appointed before this Ad.

Perforis having Houfe of Refidence on their Benefice, and not keeping it in Repair,

yvUerf) ■

Penalty,

Bifhop may grant Licences for Non Refidence in cettain cafes enumerated,

Hosted by Google

350

C.99.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.IB17.

before any Ecclefiaftical Judge or his Surrogate, or any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, or any Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery (which Oath any fuch Ecclefiaftical Judge or Surrogate or Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter), to grant in fuch cafes as are in this ACt enumerated, in which, upon due Confideration of all the Circumftances ftated in any fuch Application, and verified to the Satisfadtion of the Bifhop as aforefaid, fuch Bifiiop fhall in his Difcretion think it fit to grant the fame, a Licence in Writing under his Hand, exprefling the Caufe of granting the fame to fuch Spiritual Perfon to refide out of the Parifti, or out of the proper Houfe of Refidence of his Benefice, for the Purpofe of exempting fuch Perfon from any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture in refpect of any Non Refidence thereon ; (that is to fay), to any Spiritual Perfon who (hall be prevented from refiding in the proper Houfe of Refidence, or in the Parifh, by any aftual lllnefs or Infirmity of Body of himfelf, or of his Wife or Child, making Part of and refiding with him as Part of his Family; and alfo to any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice whereupon or wherein there fhall be no Houfe of Refidence, or where the Houfe of Refidence fhall be unfit for the Refidence of fuch Spiritual Perfon, fuch Unfitnefs not being occafioned by any Negligence, Default or other Mifcondudl of fuch Spiritual Perfon, and inch Spiritual Perfon keeping fuch Houfe of Refidence in Repair to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop; and alfo to any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice, and occupying in the Parifh of the fame refpeCtively any Manfion or Mef-fuage, to refide in fuch Manfion or Meffuage, fuch Spiritual Perfon keeping the Houfe of Refidence, and other Buildings belonging thereto, in good and fufficient Repair and Condition, and producing to the Bifhop Proof to his Satisfaction, at the time of granting and renewing any fuch Licence, of fuch good and fufficient State of Repair ; and alfo to any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Be nefice of fmall Value, and ferving as a licenfed Stipendiary Curate elfewhere, and providing for the ferving of fuch his Benefice, to the Satisfaction of fuch Bifiiop ; and alfo to any Mafter or Ufher of any endowed'School duly licenfed by the Bifhop, and actually employed in teaching therein ; and alfo to any Mafter or Preacher of any Hofpital or incorporated Charitable Foundation during the Period for which he may be required to refide by any Charter or Statute of any fuch Hofpital or incorporated Charitable Foundation, or by any other lawful Authority in the fame, and fhall aCtually refide and perform his Duties therein ; or to any Perfon holding any endowed LeCturefhip, or endowed Chapelry, or endowed Preacherfhip, and performing and executing the Duties thereof refpeCtively, with the Licence of the Bifhop in whofe Diocefe he fhall fo officiate ; or to any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice of fmall Value, and ferving as Preacher in any Proprietary Chapel, in any City or Town, with the Licence of the Bifhop in whofe Diocefe he fhall fo officiate ; or to any Spiritual Perfon aCtually ferving as Chaplain in any of His Majefty’s Garrifons, or as Chaplain to the Royal Military Afylum at Chclfea, or Royal Military College at Sand-hurjl, or as Teacher of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, or as Chaplain at either of the Royal Hofpitals at Greenwich or Chelfea, or as Chaplain to either of the Royal Hofpitals for Seamen

at

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C .99.

351

at Haflar or Plymouth, or as Chaplain to the Naval Afylum, or in His Majeily's Navy, or as Chaplain of His Majefty’s Gaol of Newgate, or of the Penitentiary at Milhanh, or as Chaplain of any BritiJJj Factory, or as principal Surrogate or Official in any Ecclefiaftical Court of any Diocefe, or as a Librarian of the Britijh Mufeum, or of Sion College, or as one of the Truftees of Lord Crewe’s Charity, during the time of perfonal Attendance on the Duties of fuch Office refpedtively : Provided always, that the Spiritual Perfon ]7ee for Li-obtaining any fuch Licence fhali pay to the Secretary or Officer of cences. the Bifhop the Sum of Ten Shillings, exclufive of and over and above the Stamp Duty chargeable thereon, and no more: Provided alfo, Appeal to Arcb-that if any Spiritual Perfon applying to any Bifhop for any fuch biihop on refufal Licence fhali think himfelf aggrieved by the Refufal thereof, it fhali BlfhoP be lawful for fuch Spiritual Perfon to appeal to the Archbifhop of lcence* the Province, who fhali forthwith, either by himfelf, or fome Com-miffioner or Commiffioners appointed from among the other Bifhops of his Province, under his Hand, make or caufe to be made Inquiry into the fame, and by Writing figned by himfelf confirm fuch Refufal, or grant a Licence under this A6t, as (hall feem juft and proper :

Provided always, that in every fuch cafe the Spiritual Perfon fo ap- Security on Appealing fhali give Security to the Bifhop for the Payment of fuch peal for Pay-reafonable Expences occafioned by the Appeal as the Archbifhop or ment ofEx-his Commiffioner or Commiffioners fhali award.	pences.

XVI.	And be it further ena<fted, That it fhali be lawful for any In cafes not fuch Bifhop as aforefaid, in any cafes not hereinbefore enumerated, hereinbefore in which under all the Circumftances of any fuch cafe fuch Bifhop fhali think it expedient to grant to any Spiritual Perfon poftefted of g/ant Licences any Benefice a Licence to refide out of the Parifh, or out of the and affign Sa-proper Houfe of Refidence, as the cafe may be, or 29 the cafe may laries to Curates appear to fuch Bifhop to require, and to affign*in any cafe in which employed, as a Stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the Duty of fuch ^ed=ent Spiritual Perfon, fuch Salary as he fhali judge fit to appoint, due ex^e Refpedt being had to the Value of fuch Benefice, and to all other Circumftances of the cafe : And it fhali alfo be lawful for any Bifhop, in cafe of the Abfence from the Realm of any Spiritual Perfon, to grant any fuch Licence without any Application made for that Pur-pofe, and from time to time in any fuch cafe to renew any fuch Licence as he fhali think fit, and in every fuch cafe to appoint a Stipendiary Curate in cafe no Curate duly licenfed fhali be then employed in ferving fuch Benefice, and to affign a Salary to fuch Curate; or if any Curate fhali have been and be then fo employed, to affign any additional Salary to fuch Curate ; and in every and any of fuch cales to caufe fuch Salaries to be paid by Sequeftration of the Profits of the Benefice : Provided always, that in every fuch Reafons for cafe refpeftively, the Nature and Special Circumftances thereof, and granting luch the Reafons that have induced fuch Bifhop to grant fuch Licence as Licences to be aforefaid, fhali be forthwith tranfmitted to the Archbifhop of the ti^^rchblfho Province to which fuch Bifhop fhali belong, who fhali forthwith by for Examination himfelf, or by fome Commiffioner or Commiffioners appointed for and Allowance* that Purpofe from among the Bifhops of fuch Province, by Writing under his Hand, which Commiffioner or Commiffioners is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himfelf or themfelves the Exe-«ution of the faid Commiffion, examine into fuch cafe, and make fuch Inquiries as to any Particulars relating thereto, as fuch Archbifhop

Hosted by Google

352

€.99.

5?° GEO. III.

No fuch Licence good until fo allowed.

In what cafe only Licences void by Death, &c. of Grantor.

Application for Licence to be in Writing and fhgned, and to ftote certain Particulars.

Otherwife Bifhop not to grant luch Licence.

By whom Licences may be granted while a See is vacant, or Bifhop difabled, &c.

A.D. 181/,

bifhop or Commiffioner or Commiffioners fo appointed as aforefaid may think neceffary ; and after fuch Inquiries made by himfelf, or where the fame fKa.ll be made by fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners, after a Return of the Subfiance thereof in Writing to fuch Archbifhop, fuch Archbifhop fhall thereupon allow or difallow fuch Licence in the whole or in part, or make any Alteration therein as to the Period for which the fame may have been granted or other-wife, and likewife as to the Stipend afiigned to the Curate, as to fuch Archbifhop fhall feem fit ; and no fuch Licence fhall be good, valid or effectual under this A61, for any Purpofe whatever, unlefs it fhall have been fo allowed and approved by fuch Archbifiiop, fuch Allowance thereof being fignified by the figning thereof by fuch Archbifhop : Provided always, that it fhall not be neceffary in fuch. Licence to fpecify the Caufe of granting the fame.

XVII.	And be it further ena6led, That no Licence granted under this A6t fhall be made void by the Death or Removal of the Bifhop granting the fame, but the fame fhall be and remain good and valid notwithstanding any fuch Death or Removal, unlefs the fame fhall be revoked by the next or any fucceeding Bifliop, as the cafe may require.

XVIII.	And be it further ena6ted. That every Application made by or in behalf of any Spiritual Perfon holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, for any Licence for Non Refidence, fhall be in Writing, and fhall be figned by the Perfon making the fame, and fhall date whether fuch Spiritual Perfon intends to perform the Duty himfelf, and if he does, where and at what Diftance he intends to refide ; or if he intends to employ a Curate, the Application fhall ftate wha,t Salary he propofes to give to his Curate, and whether the Curate propofes to refide or not to refide in the Parifh ; and if the Curate intends to refide, then whether in the Parfonage Houfe ; and if he docs not intend to refide in the Parifh, then the Application fhall flate at what Diftance therefrom, and at what Place fuch Curate intends to refide ; and whether fuch Curate ferves any other Parifh as Curate or Incumbent, or has any Ecclefiaftical Preferment, or holds any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or officiates in any other Church or Chapel; and fuch Application fhall alfo ftate the grofs annual Value of the Benefice in refpeft of which any Licence for Non Refidence fhall be applied for ; and it fhall not be lawful for the Bifhop to grant any fuch Licence, unlefs the Application fhall contain a Statement of the feveral Particulars aforefaid ; and all fuch Applications and Specifications fhall be kept and filed by the Regiftrar of the Diocefe in a feparate Book, which fhall be kept and preferved for that Purpofe; and fuch Book fhall not be open to public Infpe&ion, or difclofed, or Copies thereof made, except with the Leave in Writing of the Bifliop of the Diocefe.

XIX.	And be it further ena6ted, That during the Vacancy of any See, the Power of granting Licences under this A6f, fubje6l to the Regulations therein contained, fhall be exercifed by the Vicar General of the Diocefe ; or in cafe fuch Cireumfiances fhall arife as fhall difable the Bifhop from exercifing in Perfon the Fun6lions of his Office, it fhall be exercifed by fuch Perfon or Perfons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercife his general Jurifdi6tioji in the Diocefe.

XX. And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.99.

353

XX.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any Bifhop who fhall have granted any Licence for Non Refidence as aforefaid, or for any SuccefTor or Succeffors of any fuch Bifhop, to revoke any fuch Licence in any cafe in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the fame: Provided, that any Spiritual Perfon may appeal againft any fuch Revocation by the Bifhop in like manner as is hereinbefore diredled in cafe of any Refufal of any Licence: Provided alfo, that it fhall be lawful for any Archbifhop to whom fuch Appeal fhall be made, to order and diredl fuch reafonable Fees and Charges to be paid by any Spiritual Perfon appealing as aforefaid, in refpedl of any fuch Proceedings as aforefaid, as he fhall in his Difcretion think fit: Provided alfo that no Licence for Non Refidence granted under this Adi fhall continue in force for more than Three Years from the granting thereof, or after the Thirty firft Day of December in the Second Year after the Year in which fuch Licence is granted.

XXI.	And be it further enadled, That every Bifhop who fhall grant or revoke any Licence for Non Refidence under this Adi fhall and he is hereby required, within One Month after the Grant or Revocation of fuch Licence, to caufe a Copy of every fuch Licence or Revocation to be filed in the Regiftry of his Diocefe ; and an Alphabetical Lift of fuch Licences and Revocations fhall be made out by the Regiflrar of fuch Diocefe, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Infpedlfon of all Perfons, upon Payment of the Sum of Three Shillings and no more ; and a Copy of every fuch Licence with refpedl to any Benefice fhall be tranfmitted by the Spiritual Perfon to whom the Licence is granted, to the Churchwardens of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of fuch Licence ; and every Bifhop revoking any Licence fhall caufe fuch Revocation to be tranfmitted to the Churchwardens of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place to which it relates, which Copies fhall be by them depofited in the Parifh Chefl; and every Regiflrar who fhall negledl to enter the fame fhall forfeit for every Negledl of entering any fuch Licence or Revocation in any fuch Lift the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by and for the Ufe of any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame in like manner as any Penalty may be recovered under the Provifions of this Adi ; and a Copy of every fuch Licence or Revocation fhall likewife be produced by the Churchwarden, and publicly read by the Regiflrar or other Officer at the Vifitation of the Ecclefiaftical Diftridl within which the Benefice in refpedl whereof the Licence fhall have been granted, or Revocation made, fhall be locally iituate, immediately next fucceeding the granting or Revocation thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enadled, That every Archbifhop who fhall in his own Diocefe grant any Licence or who fhall allow or approve, in manner diredled by this Adi, any Licence or Licences in any cafe or cafes not enumerated in this Adi, fhall annually on or before the Thirty firfl Day of January in each Year tranfmit to His Majefty in Council a Lift of all fuch Licences fo granted or allowed or approved refpedlively as aforefaid in the Year ending on the laft Day of December preceding fuch Thirty firfl Day of January, and fhall in every fuch Lift fpecify the Reafons which have induced him to grant, allow or approve the faid Licences, together with the Reafons tranfmitted to him by the Bifhops for granting any fuch

57 Geo. III.	A a	Licences

Licences may be revoked.

Fees may be ordered to be paid by Appellants.

Limiting the time of Licences.

Copies of Licences or Revocations to be filed in the Regiftry of the Diocele, and a Lift: kept for Infpe£tion.

Fee.

Copies tranfmitted to Churchwardens.

Regiftrar ne-gledfing,

Penalty 51.

Copy publicly read at the firrt Vifitation.

A Lift of Licences allowed by the Arcb-bifhop, or granted in his own Diocele, fhall be annually tranfmitted to His Majefty in Council, who may revoke Licences, &c.

Hosted by Google

351

C. 99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Proceedings on iuch Revocation.

^Licence, although revoked, fhnll be deemed valid between the Grant and Revocation.

Licences m their refpe&ive Diocefes; and it fhall be lawful for His Majefty in Council, by an Order made for that Purpofe, to revoke and annul any fuch Licence ; and if His Majefty in Council fhall think lit fo to do, fuch Order fhall be tranfmitted to the Arch-bifhop who fhall have granted or allowed or approved fuch Licence, who fhall thereupon caufe a Copy of every fuch Order, made in relation to any Licence fo allowed or approved, to be tranfmitted to the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Licence fhall have been granted ; and fuch Bifhop fhall caufe a Copy of the mandatory Part of the Order to be filed in the Regiftry of fuch Diocefe, and a like Copy to be delivered to the Churchwardens of the Parifh to which the fame relates, in manner hereinbefore directed as to Revocation of Licences under this Aft ; and every fuch Archbifhop fhall caufe a Copy of the mandatory Part of every fuch Order, made in relation to any fuch Licence as aforefaid granted by him in his own Diocefe, to be in like manner filed in the Regiftry of his Diocefe, and a like Copy alfo to be delivered to the Churchwarden of the Parifh to which fuch Licence fhall relate, in manner before mentioned : Provided always, that after fuch Licence fhall have been fo revoked by His Majefty in Council, the fame fhall neverthelefs, in all Queftions that fhall have arifen or may thereafter arife touching the Non Rehdence of the Spiritual Perfon to whom the fame fhall have been granted, between the Period at which the fame was granted or allowed or approved, and the time at which the fame fhall be fo revoked as aforefaid, be deemed and taken to be and to have been valid and effectual to all the Intents and Purpofes of this

On or before 2,5th March annually, a Return to be made by Eifhop to His Majefty in Council of every Benefice, with Names of Refi-dents and Non Refidents, &c.

Non Refidents by Exemption without Licence fhall yearly notify to the Bifhop of the Diocefe within a certain Period.

Aa.

XXIII. And be it further enaaed, That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year a Return or Returns fhall be made to His Majefty in Council by every Bifhop, of the Names of every Benefice within his Diocefe, or fubjeft to his Ju-rifdiaion by virtue of this Aa, and the Names of the feveral Spi. ritual Perfons holding the fame refpeaively who fhall have refided, and alfo the Names of the feveral Spiritual Perfons refpeaively who fhall not have refided thereon by reafon of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Aa, or by reafon of any Licence granted by fuch Bifhop for any and what Caufe enumerated by this Aa, and alfo of all Spiritual Perfons not having any fuch Exemption or Licence, who fhall not have refided on their refpeftive Benefices, fo far as the Bifhop is informed thereof; and alfo the Names of all Curates licenfed to ferve any Benefice on which the Incumbent is not refi-dent, and whether the grofs annual Value of fuch Benefice amounts to or exceeds Three hundred Pounds per Annum or not, the Amount of the Curate’s Salary and the Place of his Refidence; and every Spiritual Perfon who fhall be non refident in any Year fubfequent to the palling of this A (ft, by reafon of Refidence on any other Benefice, or of any Exemption under this A<ft and to entitle him to which it is not neceffary to obtain any Licence under this A<ft, fhall, within Six Weeks from and after the Firft Day of January in every following Year, notify the fame in Writing under his Hand to the Bifhop of the Diocefe to whofe Jurifdi£tion he is fubjeft by this A6f, or othervvife, in refpedt of fuch Benefice, fpecifying the Nature of fuch Exemption, and whether the grofs annual Value of the Benefice on which he is Non Refident amounts to or exceeds Three 10*	hundred

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

355

hundred Pounds per Annum or not; and every Spiritual Perfon who fhall have more than one Benefice, and who fhall refide on one of them, or who fhall refide during any Period of the Year on any Dignity, or in the Performance of the Duties of any Office in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, or who {hall be Non Refident for any Period of the Year on account of any of the Caufes of temporary Exemption fpecified in this A61, fhall in like manner, and within the like Period in each Year, notify the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That every Spiritual Perfon Perfons negleft-who fhall negledt to make fuch Notification as by this Act is directed

within fuch Period of Six Weeks as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay au e° x* for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, by Order of the Bifliop of the Diocefe, by Sequeftration, if not otherwife paid, after Monition to pay the fame, out of the Profits of the Benefice in refpedt of which he fhall neglect to make fuch Notification, by the Bifhop of the Diocefe to whom the Notification ought to be made, to be applied, as fuch Bifhop may diredl, to ufeful and charitable Purpofes : Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to remit or order the Repayment of any Part of any fuch Penalty, in like manner as is allowed by this A61 in cafes of Non Compliance with an Order for Refidence.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A<El con- Aft not toex-tained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to exempt any Spiritual empt from ^etl" Perfon or Perfons from any Canonical or Ecclefiaftical Cenfures, or ' affedf any Proceedings that fhall hereafter be inflituted in any Ecclefiaftical Court in order to caufe the fame to be inflidted, in relation to the Non Refidence of any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice, who fhall not have obtained a Licence according to the Provifions of this A£t, to be abfent therefrom, nor have any other lawful Caufe of Abfence: Provided always, that no Proceeding be Cenfure for Non admitted in any Ecclefiaftical Court againft any Spiritual Perfon for Non Refidence not exceeding Three Months in any one Year, at the Suit or Inftance of any Perfon or Perfons other than the Bifhop only of the Diocefe within which the Benefice in refperft whereof Suit of Bifhop. fuch Non Refidence fhall have taken place fhall be locally fituated ; any thing in any Law or Laws, or Ecclefiaftical Canon or Canons,

to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted, That in every cafe in which If any unlicenfed it fhall appear to any fuch Bifhop as aforefaid, that any Spiritual ^

Perfon, having or holding any Benefice, and not being licenfed according to this Adi to be abfent therefrom, nor having any lawful Caufe of Abfence from the fame, does not fufficiently refide on the fame refpedlively, it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to iftue or

caufe to be ifiued a Monition to fuch Spiritual Perfon forthwith to proceed to and refide thereon, and perform the Duties thereof; and Return to fuch to make a Return to fuch Monition within a certain Number of Monition and Days after the ifiuing thereof, fo as that in every fuch cafe there fhall be Thirty Days between the time of delivering fuch Monition to fuch Spiritual Perfon or leaving the fame at his then ufual or laft Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, with the officiating Minifter or one of the Churchwardens, and alfo a Copy thereof at the Houfe of Refidence (if any fuch there be) belonging to fuch Benefice, to which any fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall be required by fuch Monition to proceed and refide thereon, and the

A a 2	time

eruption, Penalty 30I.

Power of Mitigation or remitting by Bifhop.

fure for Non Refidence without Licence.

Refidence not to be in force, nor Proceedings admitted, except at

Perfon does not fufficiently refide, the Bilhop may iflue a Monition.

o;her Proceedings.

Hosted by Google

356

C.98,

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I8I7.

Copy filed, and may be ed.

Fee.

Returns to be made to Monitions, which may be required to be upon Oath.

Where Return fhall not be made, or fhall not be fatisfac-tory, Bifhopmay order Refidence, and if difobeyed, may fequefter the Profits of the Benefice, and direct an Application of the Profit.

Bifhop may within the time herein mentioned remit Part of fequeftered Profits.

time fpecified in fuch Monition for the Return thereto ; and a Copy of every fuch Monition fhall immediately on the i(Tiling thereof be filed in the Regiftry of fuch Bifhop’s Court, and fhall be open for Infpe&ion on the Payment of Three Shillings and no more ; and the Spiritual Perfon to whom any fuch Monition fhall be fent under this A<ft fhall, within the time fpecified for that Purpofe, make a Return thereto into fuch Regiftry, to be there filed ; and it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to whom any fuch Return fhall be made, to require fuch Return or any Fa& contained therein to be verified by the Oath of fuch Spiritual Perfon or others, to be taken before fome Surrogate or Juftice cf the Peace, or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery, which Oath any fuch Surrogate or Juftice of the Peace, or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, on Application being made for that Purpofe ; and in every cafe where no fuch Return fhall be made, or where fuch Return fhall not ftate fuch Reafons as fhall be deemed fatisfa<ftory by fuch Bifhop for the Non Refidence of the Spiritual Perfou to whom fuch Monition fhall have been fent as aforefaid, or where the fame or any'- of the Fa6ts contained therein fhall not be fo verified as aforefaid when the fame {hall have been required, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to iffue an Order in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to require fuch Perfon to proceed to and refide as aforefaid, within Thirty Days after fuch Order in Writing, or a Copy thereof fhall have been delivered or left in like manner as is hereinbefore required as to Monitions ; and in cafe of Non Compliance, it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to fequefter the Profits of fuch Benefice of fuch Spiritual Perfon as aforefaid, until fuch Order fhall be complied with, or fuch fufficient Reafons for Non Refidence ftated and proved as aforefaid ; and to direct, by any Order to be made for that Purpofe under his Hand, and filed as aforefaid, the Application of fuch Profits, after deducing the neceflary Expences of ferving the Cure, either in the whole or in fuch Proportion as he fhall think fit, in the firft Place, to the Payment of fuch reafonable Expences as {ball have been incurred in relation to fuch Mcnition and Sequeftration, and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any fuch Benefice, or the Houfe of Refidence thereof, or any of the Buildings and Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demefne Lands thereof, or to order and direct the fame or any Portion thereof to be paid to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne-) for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to be applied for the Purpofes of fuch Augmentation as fuch Bifhop fhall in his Dif-. cretion under all Circumftances think fit and expedient; and it fhall ■ alfo be lawful for any fuch Bifhop, within Six Months after fuch Order for Sequeftration, or within Six Months after any Money /hall have been a&ually levied by filch Sequeftration, to remit to any fuch Spiritual Perfon any Part or Proportion of fuch fequeftered Profits, or caufe the fame or any Part thereof that fhall have been paid or directed to be paid to the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty to be repaid to fuch Spiritual Perfon, which Repayment the faid Governors are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any fuch Bifhop, to make out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money lliall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that fhall come to their Hands, in any cafe in which,

by

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

G 99.

357

by reafon of the fubfequent Obedience of any fuch Spiritual Perfon to any fuch Monition or Order, or the ftating and proving fuch fufficient Reafons as aforefaid, fuch Bifhop fhall think the fame proper: Provided always, that when any fuch Spiritual Perfon /hall think himfelf aggrieved by reafon of any fuch Sequeftration iflued by any Bifhop, it fhall be lawful for fuch Spiritual Perfon, within one Month after the making any Order for any fuch Sequeftration as aforefaid, to appeal to the Archbifhop of the Province to which fuch Bifhop fhall belong, who fhall forthwith, either by himfelf or fome Commiflioner or Commiflioners appointed from among the Bifhops of his Province for that Purpofe under his Hand and Seal, make or caufe to be made due Inquiry into the fame, and make fuch Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that fhall be fo fequeftered as aforefaid, for the Return to fuch Spiritual Perfon of the fame or any part thereof, or other wife, as fhall under all the Circumftances of the cafe appear to fuch Archbifhop (after fuch Inquiry made by himfelf or by his Commiflioner or Commiflioners, and in the latter cafe, after the Subftance of fuch Inquiry fhall have been returned in Writing to the faid Archbifhop) to be juft and proper: Provided always, that the Party fo appealing fhall give Security to the Bifhop for the Payment of fuch reafonable Expences occafioned by the Appeal, as the Archbifhop or his Commiflioner. or Commiflioners fhall award : Provided alfo, that no fuch Order for any Sequeftration fhall be put in force during fuch Appear as aforefaid, and until the fame fhall be determined.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That every Spiritual Perfon to whom any fuch Monition or Order in Writing fhall be fent as aforefaid under this Aft, who fhall be at the time of the ifluing thereof abfent from Refidence in or upon his Benefice contrary to the Proviftons of this Aft, but who fhall in obedience to fuch Monition or Order forthwith return to due Refidence, and the Profits of whofe Benefice fhall by reafon of fuch Return not be fequeftered, fhall neverthelefs pay all Cofts, Charges and Expences incurred by reafon of the ifluing and ferving fuch Monition or Order, to be levied as any Cofts may be levied upon any Spiritual Perfon by any Bifhop under any of the Proviftons of this Aft.

XXVIII.	And, to the intent effeftually to enforce bond Jide Refidence according to the Intent and Meaning of fuch Monition and Order as aforefaid, be it further enafted, That if any Spiritual Perfon not licenfed under this Aft to be abfent from his Benefice, nor having other lawful Caufe of Abfence from the fame, who, after any fuch Monition or Order as aforefaid, requiring his Refidence, and before or after any fuch Sequeftration as aforefaid, fhall in obedience to any fuch Monition or Order have begun to refide upon his Benefice, fhall afterwards, and before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Commencement of fuch Refidence, without the Leave of fuch Bifhop, wilfully in the Judgment of fuch Bifhop abfent himfelf from fuch Benefice, it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop, without ifluing any other Monition or making any other Order, again to fe-quefter and apply the Profits of fuch Benefice as before direfted by this Aft, for the Purpofe of enforcing the Refidence of fuch Spiritual Perfon, according to the true Intent of the original Monition iflued by fuch Bifhop as aforefaid; and it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop fo to proceed in like cafes from time to time as often as

A a 3	Occafion

Appeal aeiinft Sequeltran'on to Archbifhop.

Appellant to give Security tor Payment of Expences.

Perfons who fhall return to Refidence on Monition to pay Cofts.

If 3ny Perfon returning to Refidence on Monition fhall, before Six Months there-afterjabfent himfelf, the Bifhop may, without Monition, fe-quefter the Profits of the Benefice.

Hosted by Google

358

C.99.

57° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1817.

Bifhops empowered to punilli paft Non Refidence.

Penalties, for the Recovery of which Monition has been iflued, may be remitted by the Bifhop; and fpecial Returns made to Archbilhop of the Reafons for fuch Remillion.

If any Spiritual Perfon fhall continue under Sequeftration Two Years, or incur Three Sequeftrations within that Period, Benefice to become void.

Occalion may require ; provided that in each and every of fuch cafes fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall be entitled to appeal againft fuch Sequeftration, in fuch manner and upon fuch Terms as hereinbefore is and are mentioned touching Appeals refpe&ing Sequeftration, but neverthelefs the fame fhall be in force during fuch Appeal.

‘ XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Bifhops fhould be ‘ empowered fummarily to punifh paft Non Refidence, as well as to ‘ compel Refidence in futureBe it therefore enacted, That in all cafes in which any Spiritual Perfon fhall have become fubjedt to any Penalty or Forfeiture for any Non Refidence, it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop within whofe Diocefe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall have arifen, to proceed againft fuch Spiritual Perfon for fuch paft Non Refidence, and to levy the Penalties incurred thereby by Monition and Sequeftration, and to direct the Application thereof in like manner and fubjedt to the fame Regulations, and with like Powers of remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of fuch Penalties, as is directed or allowed in cafes of Non Compliance with any Order for Refidence.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That in every cafe in which any Archbifhop or Bifhop fhall think proper, under all the Circum-ftances, after proceeding by Monition for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Adi of more than One Third of the Value of any Benefice, for any Non Refidence exceeding Six Months in the Year, to remit the Whole or any Part of any fuch Penalty, fuch Archbifhop fhall forthwith tranfmit to His Majefty in Council, and fuch Bifhop fhall tranfmit to the Archbifhop of the Province to which he belongs, a Lift of fuch cafes as have occurred in his or their refpedlive Diocefes, fpecifying the Nature and fpecial Circumftances of each cafe, and the Reafons for the faid Remifiion, in the fame manner as is directed in relation to the Licences for Non Refidence granted in non enumerated Cafes ; and it fhall thereupon be lawful for His Majefty in Council, or for the faid Archbifhop, as the cafe may be, to allow or difallow fuch Remifiion in whole or in part, in the fame manner as is provided in this Adi with relation to the Allowance or the Difallowance of Licences for Non Refidence : Provided always, that the Decifion of the faid Archbifhop, with refpedl to cafes tranfmitted to him from any fuch Bifhop, fhall be final.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted, That if the Benefice of any Spiritual Perfon fhall continue for the Space of Two Years under any Sequeftration made under the Provifions of this Adt for Difo-bedience to the Bifhop’s Monition requiring fuch Spiritual Perfon to refide on his Benefice, or fhall under the Provifions of this Adt incur Three fuch Sequeftrations in the faid Space of Two Years, the Spiritual Perfon not being relieved with refpedl to any of fuch Sequeftrations upon Appeal, the Benefice, in relation to Non Refidence upon which fuch Sequeftration fhall have been made fhall become ipfo faclo void ; and the Bifhop of the Diocefe fhall thereupon give Notice thereof to the Patron or Perfon entitled to pre-fent, who fhall thereupon prefent or nominate fome Clerk thereto other than the Spiritual Perfon whofe Benefice fhall have fo continued under fuch Sequeftration, or who fhall have incurred fuch Sequeftrations as aforefaid, as if the fame had been avoided by the natural Death or Refignation of fuch Spiritual Perfon.

XXXII- And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

359

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That all Contradfs or Agreements made for the letting of the Houfe of Refidence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards and Appurtenances neceffary for the convenient Occupation of the fame, belonging to any Benefice, to which Houfe of Refidence any Spiritual Perfon fhall be required by Order of the Bifhop as aforefaid to proceed and to refide therein, or which fhall be afiigned or appointed as a Refidence to any Curate by the Bifhop, fhall, upon a Copy of fuch Order, Afiign-ment ot Appointment being ferved upon the Occupier thereof, or left at the Houfe, be null and void; and a Copy of every fuch Order, Afiignment or Appointment fhall immediately on the iffuing thereof be tranfmitted to one of the Churchwardens of the Parifh, or fuch other Perfon as the Bifhop fhall think fit, and be by him forthwith ferved on the Occupier of fuch Houfe of Refidence, or left at the fame : And any Perfon continuing to hold any fuch Houfe of Refidence, or any fuch Building, Garden, Orchard or Appurtenances, after the Day on which the faid Spiritual Perfon fhall be diredted by fuch Order to refide in fuch Houfe of Refidence, or which fhall be fpecified in any fuch Afiignment or Appointment, and after Service of fuch Copy as aforefaid, or the fame being fo left as aforefaid, fhall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he fhall, without the Permiffion of the Bifhop in Writing for that Purpofe obtained, wilfully continue to hold any fuch Houfe, Building, Garden, Orchard or Appurtenances, together with the Expence of ferving fuch Order, in cafe it fhall have been deemed neceffary fpecially to ferve fuch Order, to be allowed by the Bifhop iffuing the Order or making fuch Afiignment or Appointment as aforefaid, and to be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties for Non Refidence are diredted to be recovered and applied by the Provifions of this Adt; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the Spiritual Perfon fo diredted to refide as aforefaid, or Curate to whom any fuch Refidence is afiigned, to apply to any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Riding, Province, City or Place, for a Warrant for the taking Poffefiion thereof; and the Juftice of the Peace to whom any fuch Order for fuch Poffefiion is produced fhall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a Warrant for fuch Poffefiion, and Poffefiion may thereupon be taken of fuch Houfe under fuch Warrant at any time in the Day time, by entering the fame by Force, if neceffary, without any other Proceeding by Ejedtment or other wife ; any thing in any Adt or Adts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Spiritual Perfon fhall be liable to any Penalties for not refiding in any fuch Houfe of Refidence, during fuch time as fuch Tenant fhall continue to occupy fuch Houfe of Refidence or other Buildings neceffary to the Occupation of the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the pafling of this Adt, no Oath fhall be required of or taken by any Vicar in relation to Refidence on his Vicarage; any Law, Cuftom, Conftitution or Ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted, That no Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be recovered by any Proceeding or Adtion againft any Spiritual Perfon under the Provifions of this Adt, other or further than thofe which fuch Spiritual Perfon may have incurred during

A a 4?	the

Contra£ts for letting Houfes in which any Spiritual Perfons lhall by Order of the Bifhop be required to refide, fhall be void.

Holding Pof-feffion after the Day appointed for Refidence,

Penalty.

And Spiritual Perfon directed to refide may have Warrant for PofTeffion from Juftice,

Not liable to Penalty while the Tenant fhall continue to occupy.

No Oath relating to Refidence required of Vicar.

Penalties not recoverable for more than One Year.

Hosted by Google

SGO

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

What Penalties not levied under Monition may be recovered by Action.

When Adtions for Penalties may be commenced.

Commencement and Conclulion of the Year.

Calendar Months to be taken for the Purpofes of this Act.

No Adlion to be commenced for any Penalty until after One Calendar Month’s Notice given to the Defendant and Bifhop of Diocefe,

What Notice to contain, and how endorfed.

Plaintiff not to recover without Proof made that fucli Notices were given.

No Evidence of Caufe of Adtion but fuch as contained in Notices.

the Year ending on the Thirty fir ft Day of December immediately preceding the Commencement of fuch Proceeding or Adtion.

XXXVI.	And be it farther enabled, That every Penalty for Non Refidence under this Adt, in refpedt of which no Proceeding {hall have been had by Monition before the Firft Day of April next after the Year in which the fame fttall have been incurred, may be recovered by Adtion or Suit in the manner by this Adt directed.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That no Adtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information againft any Spiritual Perfon, for the Recovery of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Adt, fhall be commenced or filed in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler or the Court of Great Seffions in Wales, until the Firft Day of May after the Expiration of the Year in which the alleged Offence fhall have taken place.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That for all the Purpofes of this Adt the Year fhall be deemed to commence on the Firft Day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the Thirty firft Day of December, both inclufive.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted, That for all the Purpofes of this Adt the Months therein named fhall be taken to be Calendar Months, except in any cafe in which any Month or Months are to be made up of different Periods lefs than a Month, and in every fuch cafe thirty Days fhall be deemed a Month.

‘ XL. And Whereas, notwithftanding the Regulations contained 1 in this Adt, Spiritual Perfons may through Inadvertence, and in

*	many cafes from unavoidable Circumftances and Caufes, become ‘ fubjedt to Penalties and Forfeitures and vexatious Profecutions,

*	unlefs Provifion is made for the Prevention thereofBe it therefore enadted. That from and after the palling oF this Adt, no Writ fhall be fued out againft nor any Copy of any Procefs at the Suit of any Informer be ferved upon any Spiritual Perfon, for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under any of the Provifions of this Adt, until a Notice in Writing of fuch intended Writ or Procefs fhall have been delivered to him or left at the ufual or laft Place of his Abode, and alfo to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, by leaving the fame at the Regiftry of his Diocefe, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to fue or caufe the fame to be fued out, or ferved One Calendar Month at the leaft before the fuing out or ferving the fame ; in which Notice fhall be clearly and explicitly contained the Caufe of Adtion which fuch Party hath or claimeth to have, and the Penalty or Penalties for which fuch Perfon intends to fue, and on the Back of which Notices refpedtively fhall be endorfed the Name of fuch Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode 5 and no fuch Notice fhall be given before the Firft Day of April in the Year next after any fuch Penalty or Penalties fhall have been incurred.

XLI. And be it further enadted, That no Plaintiff fhall recover any Verdidt againft any Spiritual Perfon for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provifions of this Adt, unlefs it is proved upon the Trial of fuch Adtion that fuch Notices were refpedtively given as aforefaid ; but in Default thereof fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall recover a Verdidt with double Cofts.

XLII. And be it further enadted, That no Evidence fhall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on the Trial of any fuch Adk>n

as

Hosted by

Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

361

as aforefaid, of any Catffe of Adion, except fuch as is contained in the Notices hereby directed to be given.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That it {hall be lawful for any spiritual Perfon Spiritual Perfon againft whom any Action fhall be brought for any may by Leave Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provifions of this Ad, by Leave Pay *n;:o Court of the Court in which fuch Actions (hall depend, at any time before ^^f^i^Sum'as Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch	Sum of Money as he	fhall fee	he^all thinkiit.

fit ; whereupon fuch Proceedings, Orders and	Judgments	fhall be

had, made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIV. And be it further enabled,	That the	Court in which any	The Court in

Action, Bill, Plaint or Information	fhall be	depending	for the	which any Ac-

Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non Refidence under this t,on l>e c,e~ Ad, may and fhall, upon Application made for that Purpofe, require, by Rule or Order of thefaid Court or any Judge thereof, the Bifhop cepan t0 certify of the Diocefe within the Limits of which the Benefice fhall be the reputed An-locally fituate, or to whom the fame fhall be fubjed according to the nual Value of Provifions of this Ad, for or by reafon of Non Refidence in, at Kenefices> ^c-or upon which the Penalties and Forfeitures fhall be fought to be recovered by fuch Action, Bill or Information, to certify in Writing under his Hand to the faid Court, and alfo to the Party for that Purpofe named in the faid Rule or Order, the reputed Annual Value of fuch Benefice ; and upon fuch Rule or Order being left with fuch Bilhop or the Regiftrar of fuch Bifhop, fuch Bifhop fhall accordingly certify fuch reputed Annual Value ; and fuch Certificate How far Certifi-fhall, in all fubfequent Proceedings upon fuch Adion, Bill, Plaint cate Evidence of or Information, be received and taken as Evidence of the Annual Annual Value. Value of fuch Benefice, for the Purpofes of this Ad ; without Prejudice neverthelefs to the Admiflibility or BfFed of any fuch other Evidence as may be offered or given refpeding the adual Value thereof.

XLV. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for Licence may be any Spiritual Perfon to whom any Licence for Non Refidence fhall pleaded in bar of have been granted, and againft whom any Adion fhall be brought for A&ion; and in any Penalty or Forfeiture by reafon of any Non Refidence, or any matter or thing relating whereto any fuch Licence under this Ad has been granted, to plead fuch Licence in bar of any fuch Adion ; and if the Plaintiff in fuch Suit or Adion fhall difcontinue any fuch Suit or Adion after any Plea of Licence fhall have been pleaded thereto under this Ad, then and in fuch cafe the Defendant in fuch Suit or Adion fhall have full Cofts of Suit ; and if in any fuch Suit ln cafe of Ver-or Adion a Verdid fhall be given for the Defendant, or the Plain- diet for Defend-tiff fhall become nonfuit, the Defendant fhall have Double Cofts, ant, Double and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in other cafes to recover Cofts by Law ; and it fhall be lawful for the Judge may order Court, or any Judge of the Court in which any Suit or Adion Plaintiif to give fhall be commenced, upon any Application made in that behalf, to Security for order and dired, if fuch Court or Judge fhall deem it expedient fo to do, that the Plaintiff in any fuch Suit or Adion fhall give Security for the Payment of fuch Cofts, and that all Proceedings in any fuch Suit or Adion fhall be ftaid until fuch Security fhall be given as to the Court or Judge to whom any fuch Application fhall be made fhall feem fit.

XLVI. Pro-

Hosted by Google

C. 9

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17,

If at the time of filing any Monition no Notice of Action (hall have been given, no Action (hall be afterwards brought, &c.

If fucli Action be then commenced,

Proceedings.

No Penalty to be levied againft the Body where it can be recovered by Se-queftration within Three Years.

Body taken may be difcharged.

Non Refident Incumbents (Exception) negle&ing to appoint Curates, Bifhopto appoint and Iicenfe.

What fuch Licence to fpecify.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if at the time of filing any Monition requiring any Spiritual Perfon to refide on his Benefice, or to recover the Penalties incurred by paft Non Refidence, no Notice of any A£ion for any fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall have been already given in manner aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe no fuch Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information fhall be afterwards brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reafon of any Non Refidence of fuch Spiritual Perfon before the iffuing of fuch Monition, or during any Proceedings that may be had under fuch Monition ; and if any fuch Action or Suit fhall be fo commenced, the Defendant therein may plead in bar thereof, that fuch a Monition as aforefaid has iffued in refpe£t of the fame Bene~ fice ; and fuch Defendant, unlefs upon Application to the Court the fame fhall be difpenfed with, fhall, upon pleading fuch matter, file or caufe to be filed an Affidavit in the faid Court, thereby ftating the Period fpecified in fuch Monition, and that, according to the Belief of the Defendant, the Bifhop who has iffued or caufed fuch Monition to be iffued is proceeding upon the faid Monition, to the Intent to make the fame effedlual to the Intents and Purpofes of this A6L otherwife fuch Plea fhall not be good or available in the Law.

XLVII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Penalty or Cofts incurred by any Spiritual Perfon by reafon of any Non Refidence on his Benefice, fhall be levied by Execution againft the Body of any fuch Perfon, whilft he fhall hold the fame or any other Benefice out of the Profits of which the fame can be levied by Sequeftration within the Term of Three Years ; and in cafe the Body of any fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall be taken in Execution for the fame, the Court in which the fame was recovered, or any Judge thereof, may and fhall, upon Application made for that Purpofe, difcharge the Party from fuch Execution, in cafe it fhall be made to appear to the Satisfadfion of fuch Court or Judge that fuch Penalty and Cofts can be levied as aforefaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Perfon holding any Benefice, who does not or fhall not actually refide thereon Nine Months in each Year (unlefs fuch Perfon fhall do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or a Licence to refide out of the fame, or to refide out of the Parfonage Houfe or Vicarage Houfe, or other ufual Houfe of Refidence belonging to the fame), (hall for a Period exceeding Three Months abfent himfelf from his Benefice, without leaving a Curate duly licenfed or other Spiritual Perfon to perform, and who fhall duly perform the Ecclefiaftical Duties of fuch Benefice, or fhall for the Period of Three Months after the Death, Refignation or Removal of any Curate who has ferved his Church or Chapel, negledl to notify fuch Death, Refignation or Removal to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, or to nominate to the Bifhop of the Diocefe a proper Curate, then and in every fuch cafe, and in every cafe in which no Curate fhall be nominated to the Bifhop for the Purpofe of being licenfed by him within fuch Period as aforefaid, the Bifhop is hereby authorized to appoint and Iicenfe a proper Curate, with fuch Salary as by this A& is allowed and dire&ed, to ferve the Church or Chapel of the Parifh or Place in refpedt of which fuch Negle6f or Default fhall have occurred; Provided always, that the Licence fhall in every cafe fpecify whether the Curate is required to refide within

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

363

the Parifh or Place or not; and if the Curate is permitted by the Bifhop granting the Licence to refide out of the Parifh or Place, the Grounds upon which the Curate is fo permitted to refide out of the Parifh or Place fhall be fpecified in the faid Licence, and the Diftance of the Refidence of any Curate from any Church or Chapel which he fhall be licenfed to ferve fhall not exceed Five Statute Miles, except in cafes of Neceffity, to be approved by the Bifhop, and fpeci-lied in the Licences.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That in every cafe where a Curate is appointed to ferve a Benefice upon which the Incumbent is Non Refident for more than Three Months in the Year from Exemption, Licence or otherwife, fuch Curate fhall be required by the Bifhop to refide within the Parifh ; provided the grofs Value of fueh Benefice amounts to Three hundred Pounds a Year or upwards, and the Population amounts to Three hundred Perfons or upwards, or provided the Population amounts to One thoufand Perfons or upwards, whatever may be the Value of fuch Benefice :	Provided

always, that whenever it fhall be made out to the Satisfaction of fuch Bifhop, that from fpecial and peculiar Circumftances great Inconvenience would arife from fuch Curate being compelled to refide within the Parifh, it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to allow fuch Curate to refide in fome near and convenient Place : Provided alfo, that the Licence to be granted to fuch Curate fhall fpecify the fpecial Circumftances which have induced the Bifhop to allow fuch Refidence out of the Parifh, and fhall be entered and filed in the Regiftry oFthe Diocefe.

L. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever it fhall appear to the Satisfaction of any Bifhop, either of his own Knowledge, or upon Proof by Affidavit laid before him, that by reafon of the Number of Churches or Chapels belonging to any Benefice locally fituate within his Diocefe, or the Diftance of fuch Churches or Chapels from each other, or the Diftance of the Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon ferving the fame from fuch Churches or Chapels, or any or either of them, or the Negligence of the Spiritual Perfon holding the fame, that the Ecclefiaftical Duties of fuch Benefice are inadequately performed, fuch Bifhop may by Writing under his Hand require the Spiritual Perfon holding fuch Benefice to nominate to him a fit Perfon or Perfons, with fufficient Stipend or Stipends, to be licenfed by him to perform or to affift in performing fuch Duties, fpecifying therein the Grounds of fuch Proceeding ; and if fuch Spiritual Perfon fhall negleft or omit to make fuch Nomination for the Space of Three Months after fuch Requifition fo made as afore-faid, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to appoint a Curate or Curates, as the cafe fhall appear to fuch Bifhop to require, with fuch Stipend or Stipends as fuch Bifhop fhall think fit to appoint, not exceeding in any cafe in the whole the Stipends allowed to Curates by this Aft, nor, except in the cafe of Negligence, exceeding One Half of the grofs annual Value of the Benefice, although the Spiritual Perfon to whom fuch Churches or Chapels fhall belong fhall actually refide or ferve the fame : Provided always, that fuch Requifition, and any Affidavit made to found the fame, fhall be forthwith filed by the Bifhop in the Regiftry of his Court: Provided alfo, that it fhall be lawful for any fuch Spiritual Perfon, who fhall think himfelf aggrieved by any fuch Appointment of fuch

Curate

Curate to refide on all Benefices above 3col. a Year, and Population 300 Perl'ons and upwards.

Provifo for fpecial Circumftances.

If Duty inadequately performed, the Bifhop may require Incumbent to appoint Curate, and on Negleft, may himfelf appoint a Curate.

Amount of Stipend in fuch cafe.

Appeal for In. cumbent to Archbifhop.

Hosted by Google

364

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

Bifhops may enforce Performance of Morning and Evening Service.

Statement of Particulars ne-ceflary to be given by Perfons applying for a Licence for Non Refidence.

Bilhops to appoint Salaries to Curates.

Licence, or Copy of Re-giftry thereof, Evidence of Amount of Salary.

Bilhops may fummarily determine Differences refpebting Stipend.

Money in Lieu of Fees for Licence, Sec.

Curate or Curates, to appeal to the Archbifhop of the Province to> which fuch Bifhop fhall belong, in fuch and the like manner, and under fuch Provisions and Dire&ions, as are allowed to any Spiritual Perfon thinking himfelf aggrieved by any Sequeftration iffued by any Bifhop.

LI. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where the Bifhop of the Diocefe fball deem it proper to enforce the Performance of Morning and Evening Service on Sundays, or any other Service required by Law in any Parifh Church or Parochial Chapel, or the Chapel of any Extra Parochial Place, it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to enforce the fame by Monition and Sequeftration, to be iffued in the manner by this A6t provided.

LIL And be it further enacted, That every Bifhop to whom any Application fhall be made for any Licence for a Curate to ferve for any Perfon not duly reliding upon his Benefice, fhall, before he fhall grant fuch Licence, require a Statement of all the Particulars by this A6t required to be ftated by any Perfon applying for a Licence for Non Reiidence ; and it fhall not be lawful for any Bifhop to grant a Licence to any Curate to ferve the Church or Chapel of any Perfon as aforefaid, upon any fuch Application as afore-faid, until a Statement of all fuch Particulars as aforefaid fhall have been delivered to him ; and fuch Statement fhall be kept and filed and preferved from public Infpe&ion, and difclofed only in like manner and in fuch cafes as is before directed as to Statements of Perfons applying for Licences for Non Refidence.

LIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop, and he is hereby required, fubje<5t to the feveral Provifions and Reftri&ions in this A<ft contained, to appoint to every Curate fuch Salary as is allowed and fpecified in this A<51; and every Licence to be granted to a Stipendiary Curate under this A£f fhall contain and fpecify the Amount of the Salary allowed by the Bifhop to the Curate ; and fuch Licence, or any Copy of the Regiftry thereof, figned by the Regiftrar of the Diocefe or his Deputy, fhall be Evidence of the Amount of the Salary fo appointed to any Curate in all Courts of Law or Equity ; and in cafe any Difference fhall arife between any Re<ftor or Vicar or Perfon holding any Benefice, and his Curate, touching fuch Stipend or Allowance, or the Payment thereof, or of the Arrears thereof, the Bifhop, on Complaint to him made, may and fhall fummarily hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe of wilful Negleft or Refufal to pay fuck Stipend, Salary or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof, he fhall be and is hereby empowered to proceed by Monition and Sequeftration to fequefter the Profits of the Benelice for and until Payment of fuch Stipend or Allowance or the Arrears thereof: Provided always, that the Curate obtaining any fuch Licence fhall pay to the Secretary or Officer of the Bifhop the Sum of One Pound, exclufive of any Stamp Duty which may be chargeable thereon ; which faid Sum of One Pound fhall be in Remuneration of all and every Fee or Fees now demandable by the faid Secretary or Officer for obtaining fuch Licence, or for the Signature of any Declaration by the faid Curate in confequence of fuch Licence, or of any Certificate of fuch Curate having figned fuch Declaration; and provided alfo, that from and after the paffing of this A<ft> as often as any Perfon fhall be licenfed to Two or more Curacies within the fame Diocefe

at

Hosted by Google

C. 99.

36*5

at one and the fame time, it fhall be fufficient for fuch Perfon to fign One Declaration only, appointed to be figned by an A 61 intituled An Aft of Uniformity (a); and alfo that it fhall be fufficient for fuch Perfon to produce One Certificate only of his having fo figned fuch Declaration before the Bifhop of the Diocefe. (a) ['There does not appear to be any ASt intituled, ‘ An Aft of Uniformity d The A St above referred to is taken to be 1$ & 14 Car. 2. c. 4. j

LIV. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to appoint for the Curate any Stipend or Allowance not exceeding Seventy five Pounds per Annum, and alfo the Ufe of the Houfe of Refidence, with the Gardens and Stables belonging thereto, Or a further Sum of Fifteen Pounds in lieu of the Ufe of the Rectory or Vicarage Houfe, or other Houfes of Refidence, in cafe there fhall be no Houfe, or it fhall not appear to the Bifhop convenient to allot or affign the Houfe to the Curate, in ,refpe<ft of any Benefice to which the Spiritual Perfon holding the fame was inftituted or appointed before the Twentieth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; but it fhall not be lawful for the Bifhop to affign any greater Stipend or Allowance than afore-faid, in refpedt of any fuch Benefice, during the Incumbency of any filch Spiritual Perfon as aforefaid, unlefs with the Confent of the Spiritual Perfon holding the Benefice, or in cafe of Negledt to appoint or to nominate to the Bifhop a proper Curate.

LV. And be it further enadled, That in every cafe in which any Spiritual Perfon fhall have been, after the Twentieth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or fhall hereafter be inftituted or indudfed, or nominated or appointed to, or otherwife become Incumbent or pofteffed of any Benefice, and fhall not duly refide thereon, unlefs fuch Perfon fhall do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or a Licence to refide out of the fame, or to refide out of the Parfonage or Vicarage, or other ufual Houfe of Refidence belonging to the fame, the Bifhop fhall appoint for the Curate licenfed to ferve fuch Benefice of fuch Non Refident Incumbent or Perfon as aforefaid, in his Abfence, fuch Salary as is hereinafter next mentioned; (that is to fay), fuch Salary fhall in no cafe be lefs than Eighty Pounds per Annum, or than the Annual Value of the Benefice, if the grofs Value thereof fhall not amount to Eighty Pounds per Annum ; and fuch Salary fhall not be lefs than One hundred Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value as aforefaid, if the faid Value fhall not amount to One hundred Pounds per Annum in any Pariffi or Place where the Population, according to the Returns then laft made in purfuance of any A6t or A6ts of Parliament, fhall amount to or exceed Three hundred Perfons ; and fuch Salary fhall not be lefs than One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, or the whole Value as aforefaid, if the faid Value fhall not amount to One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, in any Parifh or Place where the Population fhall appear as aforefaid to amount to or to exceed Five hundred Perfons ; and fuch Salary fhall not be lefs than One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value as aforefaid, if the faid Value fhall not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, in any Parilh or Place where the Population fhall appear as aforefaid to amount to or to exceed One thoufand Perfons : Provided always, that the annual Value of all Benefices of which the Value, eftimated

as

13 & 14 Car. 2< c‘ 4- § 3-

Stipends to Curates of Incumbents before July 20, 1813, not to exceed certain Rates*

Exception.

The Salaries payable to Curates to be in proportion to the -Value and Population of the Benefices.

How the Value of Benefices under 150I. per

Hosted by Google

C. 99.

57° GEO. III.

-A.D.1817.

Annum, efti mated.

Where the Benefice exceeds 400I. an Allowance may be made to Curate of lool.per Annum or more, as herein mentioned.

Smaller Salaries to be allowed to Curates in certain cafes.

What the Licence is to fhate.

Special Reafons to be entered.

Salary of Curate engaged to ferve interchangeably a-t different Places belonging to the fame Incumbent.

as is herein provided, does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, fhall be eftimated from the Returns made by the Bifhops of the feveral Diocefes to the Governors of Queen Anne*s Bounty; or from any future Returns which may be made by the faid Bifhops to the faid Governors refpe£ling Parifhes or Places omitted in the faid Returns ; or refpedting Parifhes or Places in the adftual Income of which it fhall be made appear to the Bifhops that any confiderable Variation has taken place, either by Augmentation made by the faid Governors or otherwife.

LVI. And be it further enadted, That in any Parifh or Place where it fhall appear to the Satisfa&ion of the Bifhop that the actual Annual Income of the Benefice, clear of all Deductions, exceeds the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to afiign to the Curate of fuch Parifh or Place, being refident within the fame, and ferving no other Cure, a Salary or Allowance of One hundred Pounds per Annum, notwithstanding the Population of fuch Parifh or Place may not appear as aforefaid to amount to Three hundred Perfons ; and that in any Parifh or Place where the adtual Annual Income fhall appear to exceed Four hundred Pounds as aforefaid, and where the Population fhall alfo appear as aforefaid to amount to or exceed Five hundred Perfons, it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to afiign to the Curate of fuch Parifh or Place, being refident within the fame, and ferving no other Cure, any larger Stipend or Allowance, fo that the fame fhall not exceed by more than Fifty Pounds per Annum the Amount of the Stipend or Allowance hereinbefore refpedtively required to be afligned to any fuch Curate.

LVI I. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe in which it fhall be made out to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop of any Diocefe, that any Spiritual Perfon holding any Benefice is or has become Non Refident or incapable of performing the Duties thereof from Age, Sicknefs or other unavoidable Caufe, and that from thefe or from any other fpecial and peculiar Circumftances of the cafe great Hard-fhip or Inconvenience would arife if the full Amount of Salary fpecified in this Adi fhould be allowed to the Curate, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to afiign to the Curate any fuch Salary lefs than the faid full Amount in this Adt fpecified, as fhall under all the Circumftances appear to him juft and reafon-able: Provided always, that in the Licence granted in every fuch cafe it fhall be ftated, that for fpecial Reafons the Bifhop hath not thought proper to afiign to the Curate the full Amount of Salary allowed or required to be afligned by this Adi : Provided alfo, that fuch fpecial Reafons fhall be entered fully and at large in a feparate Book to be kept for that Purpofe, and to be depofited in the Regiftry of the Diocefe, which Book fhall not be open to Infpec-tion unlefs with the Leave of the Bifhop or by other proper Authority, as in the cafes of Application for Licences for Non Refidence.

LVIII. And be it further enadted, That if any Incumbent of Two or more Benefices, refiding bond jide, in different Proportions of each and every Year, on fome or one other of fuch Benefices, the full Period fpecified by this Adi, fhall employ a Curate to perform Ecclefiaftical Duty interchangeably from time to time upon fuch of the Benefices from which he fhall be abfent during his own adlual Refidence upon any other thereof, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful

for

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99.

367

for the Bifhop to afllgn to any fuch Curate any Salary not exceeding fuch Salary as would be allowed under this Adi for the largefl of fuch Benefices, nor lefs than would be allowed for the fmalleft, as to the Bifhop fhall under all the Circumftances appear juft and reafonable : Provided always, that if any fuch Incumbent fhall employ a Curate or Curates for the whole Year upon each or any of fuch Benefices, fuch Incumbent fo refiding bond Jide as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to afiign to either or each of fuch Curates any fuch Salary lefs than the Amount fpecified in this Adi, as he fhall think fit.

LIX. And be it further enadled, That from and after the palling of this Adi no Spiritual Perfon fhall ferve more than Two Churches in One Day, or Two Chapels, or One Church and One Chapel, in One Day, unlefs from the local Situation of the Churches or Chapels, or from the Value of the Benefices to which they belong, or other fpecial Caufes, it may in the Judgment of the Bifhop be expedient or neceflary, for the Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties in fuch Places, to grant Licence to any Spiritual Perfon to ferve Three Churches or Chapels, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop to grant fuch Licence to any Spiritual Perfon to ferve Three Churches or Chapels, not being diftant from each other more than Four meafured Miles : Provided always, that in every fuch cafe the Reafons for granting fuch Licence fhall be ftated by the Bifhop in the Licence granted for ferving the Third of fuch Churches or Chapels held by fuch Spiritual Perfons, and fuch Licence fhall not be valid or effedlual unlefs the Reafons for granting the fame are inferted therein as aforefaid: Provided always, that the Refidence of fuch Curate or Spiritual Perfon fhall be fo placed as that it fhall not be neceflary for him to travel more than Sixteen meafured Miles in one Day for the Performance of the Duties of fuch Churches or Chapels.

LX. And be it further enadled, That in every fuch cafe where any Bifhop fhall find it neceflary or expedient, for the obtaining any proper Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties, to licence any Perfon holding any Benefice to ferve as Curate of any adjoining or other Parifh or Place, it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to appoint, for fuch Spiritual Perfon fo licenfed, a Salary lefs by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which in the feveral cafes in this Adi fpecified the Bifhop is required to afiign and appoint; and in every cafe where the Bifhop fhall find it neceflary or expedient as aforefaid to licence one and the fame Perfon to ferve as Curate for more than one Parifh or Place, it fhall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to diredl, that during fuch time as fuch Curate fhall ferve fuch Churches or Chapels, the Salary to be received by him for ferving each of the faid Churches or Chapels fhall be lefs by a Sum not exceeding Thirty PoundsAnnum than the Salary which in the feveral cafes hereinbefore mentioned the Bifhop is required by this Adi to afiign and appoint.

LXI. And be it further enadled, That all Agreements and Con-tradls made or to be made between Perfons holding Benefices and their Curates, in Fraud or Derogation of the Provifions of this Adi, and all Agreements and Contradts whereby any Curate fhall undertake or in any manner bind himfelf to accept or be content with any Stipend or Salary lefs than that which fhall be ftated to be

allowed

Spiritual Perfons not to ferve more than Two Churches in One Day, except in certain cafes, and with fpecial Licence for that Purpofe from the Bifhop.

Reafons for granting fuch Licence to be ftated by the B ilia op.

How Salaries adjufted where Curate is permitted to ferve in an adjoining Parifh.

Agreements for Salaries to Curates contrary to this Adt, void,

Hosted by Google

368

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

allowed in any Licence of fuch Curate, fhall be void to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whaifoever, and fhall not be fet up, pleaded, notwithftanding or given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity ; and notwith-I’ayment and	ftanding the Payment and Acceptance, in purfuance of any fuch

Acceptance of	Contra& or Agreement, of any Sum lefs than the Sum fpecified

mentioned"h™	*n Eicence of fuch Curate, or any Receipt, Difcharge or

Licence.	Acquittance that may be given in cafes of fuch Payment and

Acceptance, the Curate or his perfonal Reprefentatives fhall be and

Payment may be enforced by Monition, with treble Cofts.

Limitation of Application to Bifhop.

Curate’s Salary, if of Value of Benefice, liable to certain Charges.

The Bifhop to allow Re6ior, See. to deduct from Curate’s Salary, for Repairs, to a limited Amount in certain cafes.

The Bifhop may allot Parfonage

remain entitled to the full Amount of what fliall remain unpaid of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance fpecified in his Licence; and the Payment of what fhall fo remain unpaid fhall, together with Treble Cofts of recovering the fame, be enforced by Monition, on Proof of what fhall fo remain unpaid to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop, and by Sequeftration of Profits of the Benefice, to be iffued by the Bifhop for that Purpofe : Provided that the Application of the Curate fhall in every fuch cafe be made to the Bifhop within Twelve Months after he fhall have quitted his Curacy, or by the Repre-fentative of any Curate within Twelve Months after his Death ; and provided alfo, that no Sequeftration fhall by virtue of this A& affeCfc the Profits of any Benefice beyond the time during which the Benefice fhall be held by the Perfon liable to make the Payment in refped of which fuch Profits fhall be fequeftered.

LXII. And be it further enacted. That in every cafe in which any Bifhop fhall appoint for any Curate a Salary equal to the whole annual Value of fuch Benefice, fuch Salary fhall be fubjeCf to DeduClion in refpeCl of all fuch Charges and Outgoings as may legally affeCt the Value of fuch Benefice, and to any Lofs or Diminution which may leffen fuch Value, without the wilful Default or. NegleCi of the Spiritual Perfon holding the Benefice.

LXIII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop upon the Application of any ReCtor, Vicar or Spiritual Perfon holding any Benefice, the whole Profit or Income of which fhall have been allotted to the Curate, to allow fuch ReCtor, Vicar or Spiritual Perfon to deduCt and retain therefrom, in any or each Year, fo much Money, not exceeding in any cafe One Fourth Part of fuch Profits or Income, or of the Salary afiigned to the Curate, as fhall have been a&ually laid out and expended during the Year in the Repair of the Chancel, Parfonage, Vicarage or other Houfe of Refidence, and Premifes and Appurtenances thereto belonging, in refpe& of which fuch Re&or, Vicar or Perfon as aforefaid, or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, would be liable for Dilapidations to the SuccefTors ; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the Bifhop, in like manner, to allow any Re&or, Vicar or Spiritual Perfon aforefaid, having or holding any Benefice the Profits or Income of which fhall not exceed One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to dedu& and retain from the Salary allotted to the Curate, in each or any Year, fo much Money as fhall have been a&ually laid out and expended in fuch Repairs as aforefaid over and above the Amount of the Surplus remaining of fuch Profits or Income after Payment of the Salary allotted to the Curate, fo that the Sum fo dedu&ed, after laying out fuch Surplus, fhall not in any Year exceed One Fourth Part of the Salary allotted to the Curate.

LXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop who fhall grant any Licence to any Curate to ferve any.

Church

Hosted by

Google

A>D. 181;

57° GEO. III.

C.99.

*6 9

Church or Chapel where the Reftor or Vicar or Perfon holding any Houfe forRefi-Benefice is not refident for four Months in each Year, to allot, dence of Curate if he {hall think fit, for the Refidence of fuch Curate, the Par- j^g^ence ofTn-fonage or Vicarage Houfe, or ufual Houfe of Refidence of the cumbents,

Perfon holding the Benefice, with the Offices, Stables, Gardens

and Appurtenances thereto belonging, if there fhall be any fuch

Houfe of Refidence belonging thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof,

during the time of fuch Curate’s ferving the Cure, or during the

Non Refidence of fuch Redlor or Vicar or Spiritual Perfon ; and it Sequeftration if

{hall be lawful for the Bifhop affigning any fuch Houfe or Refidence PofTeffion not

to any Curate, to fequefter the Profits of the Benefice to which the delivered.

Houfe fhall belong, in any cafe in which PofTeffion fhall not be given up to the Curate, and until fuch PofTeffion fhall be given, and to apply or diredt the Application of the Profits arifing from fuch Sequeftration, or to remit the fame or any Part thereof, as the Bifhop)

{hall in his Difcretion think fit.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where Curates to pay the Bifhop fhall appoint, for the Curate licenfed to ferve any Taxes, &c, of Benefice, a Salary not lefs than the whole grofs Annual Value of the fame, and {hall, in addition to fuch Salary, direct that fuch certam capes> Curate fhall refide in the Parfonage or Vicarage Houfe, or ufual Houfe of Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon holding fuch Benefice, fuch Curate fhall be liable during ffiis ferving fuch Cure, to‘the fame Taxes and Parochial Rates and Affeffments, in refpedf of fuch Houfe and the Appendages thereof of which he may fo be in Occupation, as if he had been inftituted or induced or nominated or appointed to the faid Benefice.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for The Bifhop may the Bifhop at any time, upon Three Months’ Notice in Writing, to direct Curate to diretf any fuch Curate to deliver up any fuch Parfonage or Vicarage	T>*'fr“<

Houfe or ufual Houfe of Refidence, and the Offices, Stables, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and fuch Curate fhall thereupon peaceably deliver up the PofTeffion of the faid Premifes, purfuant to fuch Notice ; and in cafe any fuch Curate fhall refufe to Not giving up, deliver up fuch Premifes, he fhall forfeit and pay to the Reftor or Penalty.

Vicar, or Spiritual Perfon holding the Benefice, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day of fuch wrongful PofTeffion to be recovered by Tuch Retftor or Vicar or Spiritual Perfon by A6tion of Debt in any Court of Record at Wejhnlnjler, as any Penalties may be recovered for Non Refidence under this A£t.

LXVII. And be it further enadled, That it fhall not be lawful Reaor,&c.not for the Re6Tor or Vicar or other Perfon holding any Benefice, in to difpoflefs Cu-any cafe in which the Parfonage or Vicarage, or ufual Houfe of rate of Houfe Refidence fhall have been affigned to the Curate as a Refidence, to w»thout Order difpoffefs fuch Curate, or take PofTeffion thereof, until the Permiffion and Three'°^* of the Bifhop fhall have been given in Writing for that Purpofe, Mouths'Notice, and Three Months’ Notice of fuch his Intention to the Curate, who fhall thereupon quit the fame according to fuch Notice ; and Curate to quit in every Curate who fhall refide in the Houfe of Refidence of any Be- Three Months nefice which fhall become vacant, fhall quit fuch Houfe of Refidence aft^rva”ant Be*1 within Three Months after the Inftitution or Appointment of any ^fi^on One* Spiritual Perfon thereto, upon being required fo to do by the Spi- Months’Notice ritual Perfon inftituted or appointed, and having one Month’s previous Notice at the leaft given to him to quit fuch Houfe-of Refidence.

57 Geo. III. .	.	Bb	LXVIII. And

give up Poflef-fion of Parfon-age.

Hosted by

Google

370

C.99.

57° GEO. III.

Curate not without Leave of Bifhop to quit Curacy without Three Months’ Notice to Tn-cumbent and Bifhop.

Penalty.

Bifhop may li-cenfe Curates employed without Nomination, may revoke Licence and remove Curate.

Appeal to Archbithop.

Licence to Curates, and Revocations of fuch Licences, to be entered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe.

Fee for Infpection.

Regiftrar refuf-irig, fcc. to make fuch Entry or tranfmit Copy, Penalty 5I.

Fee to Regiftrar for Copy tranl-mitted.

Claufes relating to Bifhops to apply to Arch-bifhops.

A.D. 1817

LXVIII. And be it further ena<fted, That no Curate (hall quit any Benefice to which he fhall be licenfed, until after Three Months’ Notice of his Intention to quit given to the Perfon holding fuch Benefice, and to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, unlefs with the Confent of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, upon pain of forfeiting to the Spiritual Perfon holding the Benefice a Sum not exceeding the Amount of his Stipend for Six Months, at the Difcretion of the Bifhop, which Sum may in fuch cafe be retained out of the Stipend, if the fame or any Part thereof (hall remain unpaid ; or if the fame cannot be retained out of the Stipend, may be recovered by the Spiritual Perfon holding the Benefice, as any Penalty or Forfeiture under this A<ft may be recovered.

LXIX. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop of the Diocefe to licenfe any Curate who is or (hall be a&ually employed by the Retftor, Vicar or other Incumbent of any Church or Chapel, although no exprefs Nomination of fuch Curate fhall have been made to fuch Bifhop by the faid Re<ftor, Vicar or other Incumbent; and that the Bifhop fhall have Power to revoke fummarily and without Procefs any Licence granted to any Curate employed in his Diocefe, or fubje<ft .to his Jurifdidtion by virtue of this A<ft, and to remove fuch Curate for any Caufe which fhall appear to fuch Bifhop to be good and reafonable; fubjetft ne-verthelefs to an Appeal to the Archbifhop of the Province, and to be determined in a fummary manner.

LXX. And be it further enabled, That every Bifhop who fhall grant or revoke any Licence to any Curate under this A<ft fhall and he is hereby required to caufe a Copy of fuch Licence or Revocation to be entered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe within which the Benefice in refpe<ft whereof any fuch Licence fhall be granted or Revocation made fhall be locally fituate; and an Alphabetical Lift of fuch Licences and Revocations fhall be made out by the Regiftrar of each Diocefe, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Infpe<ftion of all Perfons, upon Payment of the Sum of Three Shillings and no more ; and a Copy of every fuch Licence and Revocation with refpe<ft to any Benefice fhall be tranfmitted by the faid Regiftrar to the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of fuch Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them depofited in the Parifh Cheft ; and every Regiftrar who fhall refufe or negie<ft or omit to make any fuch Entry, Or to tranfmit any fuch Copy, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence or Negletft the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under this A (ft: Provided always, that every fuch Regiftrar fhall, for every fuch Copy tranfmitted to fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens as aforefaid, be entitled to demand and have from fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens a Fee of Ten Shillings and no more ; and fuch Fee fhall be allowed in the Accounts of fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens.

LXXI. And be it further ena(fted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things in this Adft contained in relation to Bifhops in their Diocefes, fhall extend and be conftrued to extend to the Arch-bifhops in the refpeftive Diocefes of which they are Bifhops, and alfo in their own peculiar Jurifdicftions, as fully and effeftually as if the Archbifhops were named with the Bifhops in every fuch cafe.

6*	LXXII. And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99,

371

LXXII. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes wherein Definition of the the Term Benefice is ufed in this Ad, the faid Term fhall be un- Term Benefice, derftood and taken to mean Benefices with Cure, and no others, and to comprehend therein, for the Purpofes of this Ad, all Donatives, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded, That every Archbifhop Power of Arch-and Bifhop, within the Limits of whofe Province or Diocefe ^ifhops and Bi-refpedively any Benefice, refpedively, Exempt or Peculiar, fhall be fices^cExempt locally fituate, fhall have, ufe and exercife all the Powers and Autho- or Peculiar, rities neceffary for the due Execution by them refpedively of the locally fituate Provifions and Purpofes of this Ad, and for enforcing the fame with vv,thin their regard thereto refpedively, as fuch Archbifhop and Bifhop re- P'ovinces^and fpedively would have ufed and exercifed if the fame were not fices fitua~e Exempt or Peculiar, but were fubjed in all refpeds to the Jurif- \IX m’0re than ‘didion of fuch Archbifliop or Bilhop ; and where any Benefice, One Province Exempt or Peculiar, fhall be locally fituate within the Limits of or between the •more than One Province or Diocefe, or where the fame or any of	^wo

them fhall be locally fituate between the Limits of the Two Provinces, or between the Limits of any Two or more fuch Diocefes, the Archbifhop or Bilhop of the Cathedral Church, to whofe Province or Diocefe the Parifh Church of the fame refpedively fhall be neareft in local Situation, fhall have, ufe and exercife all the Powers and Authorities which are neceffary for the due Execution of the Provifions of this Ad, and enforcing the fame with regard thereto refpedively, as fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop could have ufed if the fame were not Exempt or Peculiar, but were fubjed in all refpeds to the Jurifdidions of fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop refpedively, and the fame, for all the Purpofes of this Ad, fhall be deemed and taken to be within the Limits of the Province or Diocefe of fuch Archbifliop or Bifhop ; provided that the Peculiars belonging to any Peculiars fubjed Archbifhoprick or Bifhoprick, though locally fituate in another to Archbiihop or Diocefe, fhall continue fubjed to the Archbifhop or Bifhop to whom	to	whom

they belong, as well for the Purpofes of this Ad as for all other neX belong. Purpofes of Ecclefiaftical Jurifdidion.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in which In every cafe in Jurifdidion is given to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, or to any Arch- v?Illch Jorifdic-bifhop, under the Provifions of this Ad, and for the Purpofes b^io^&c^U thereof, and the enforcing the due Execution of the Provifions concurrent* thereof, all other and concurrent Jurifdidion in refped thereof fhall Juritdi&ion to wholly ceafe, and no other Jurifdidion in relation to the Provifions ceaie. of this Ad fhall be ufed, exercifed or enforced, fave and except fuch Jurifdidion of the Bifhop and Archbifhop under this Ad ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXV. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where Pro- Ifluingand ferv-ceedings under this Ad are direded by Monition and Seque ft ration, ins Monitions, fuch Monition fhall iflue under the Hand and Seal of the Bifhop, and being duly ferved fhall be returned, with a Certificate of Service, into the Regiftry of the Confiftorial Court of fuch Bilhop ; and Caufe may be thereupon it fhall be competent for the Party monilhed to fhew Ihewn againfl: Caufe by Affidavit or otherwife, as the cafe may require, againft the Sequ eft ratios, Sequeftration ifluing ; and unlefs fufficient Caufe be fhown to the contrary, the Sequeftration fhall iflue under the Seal of the faid Confiftorial Court, and in fuch Form as is commonly ufed on that

behalf.

B b 2

LXXVI. And sted by Google

Hosted by

372

C. 99.

5 7° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Penalties to be recovered by Monition and Sequeftration.

But Party againft whom inch Proceeding had, not fubje<ft to A£Hon at Law.

Recovery of Fees, &c.

Proviso for Licences before 31ft Dec. how far not to require any Licence before that time.

Commiflion to adminifter Oaths not to be fubjeft to Stamp Duty.

Provifo for Flis Majefty’s Prerogative in granting Dif-penfations.

What Parfonage not deemed a Benefice.

Archbifhop or Bifhop not liable to Penalties for Non Refidence.

Provifo for Powers of

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the Bifhop of any Diocefe in which any Spiritual Perfon (hall hold any Dignity or Benefice, or fhall ferve as Stipendiary Curate, to recover any Penalty incurred under this Aft, in a fummary way, by Monition and Sequeftration, to be iffued in the manner by this Aft direfted, with the like Powers and Authorities, and fubjeft to the like Reftriftions in refpeft to the Remifilon and Repayment of fuch Penalty, as are by this Aft particularly provided in refpeft to Penalties for Non Refidence : Provided always, that no Spiritual Perfon againft whom any fuch Proceeding fhall have been had by any Bifhop for the Recovery of any Penalty, fhall thereafter be fubjedh to any Aftion at Law by any Informer or other Perfon for the Recovery of any Penalty for the fame Offence in refpeft of which fuch Proceeding fhall have been fo had by the Bifhop as aforefaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted, That any Fees, Charges, Cofts or Expences incurred or direfted to be paid by any Spiritual Perfon under the Provifions of this Aft, which fhall remain unpaid for the Period of Twenty one Days after Demand thereof in Writing delivered to or left at the ufual or laft Place of Abode of the Spiritual Perfon liable to the Payment thereof, may be recovered by Monition and Sequeftration, to be iffued in the manner direfted by this Aft.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That none of the Provifions of this Aft fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to render void or invalid, before the Thirty firft Day of December next, any Licence or Exemption which would have been othervvife valid and effeftual, nor to require any Licence to be taken before the faid Thirty firft Day of December next, which would not have been required by Law before the pafiing of this Aft.

LXXIX. And be it further enafted, That no Commiflion iffued by any Bifhop to any Commiffary or Commiffaries appointed to adminifter the Oaths required to be taken by any Curate for the Purpofe of any Licence or Licences granted under the Provifions of this Aft fhall be fubjeft to any Stamp Duty; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LXXX. And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or affeft His Majefty’s Royal Prerogative in the granting of Difpenfations for Non Refidence upon Benefices, as the fame now exifts by Law.

LXXXI. And be it further enafted. That no Parfonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or that hath a perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls, fhall be deemed or taken to be a Benefice within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

LXXXII. And be it further enafted, That no__Archbifhop or Bifhop having or who fhall have any Benefice fhall by reafon of Non Refidence upon the fame be fubjeft or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures : Provided always, that any Archbifhop or Bifhop who fhall hold any BeneficQ in .commendam with his Archbifhoprick or Bifhoprick, fhall nominate and appoint a refident Curate, according to the Provifions of this Aft.

LXXXIII. And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall be deemed, conftrued or taken to derogate from,

diminifh,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 99, 100.

373

diminifli, prejudice, alter or affedl, otherwife than is exprefsly provided, any Powers, Authorities, Rights or Jurifdidlion already veiled in or belonging to any Archbilhop or Bilhop under or by virtue of any Statute, Canon, Ufageor otherwife howfoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or alter the Provifions contained in any A61 of Parliament, or any other Provifion of Law, for the due Celebration of Divine Service in any Church or Chapel, or for the Difcharge of any other Duty of any Redlor or Vicar, or Perfon holding any Benefice, by himfelf or his Curate.

LXXXV. And be it further enabled, That no Provifion in this Adi contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CAP. C.

An A£l to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Inllitutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provifion for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

[10th July 1817*]

6 YTTHEREAS certain Adis palfed in the Forty fixth. Forty 1 VV ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty third Years of His prefent

* Majeftv, relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, au-

* thorized the Commillioners appointed by His Majefty’s Royal

*	Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for car-

*	rying into Effedl certain Powers and Provilions of the Land Tax 4 Redemption Adi, to diredl the Exoneration and Difcharge of the 4 Land Tax charged upon Hereditaments belonging to Livings or

*	other Eccleliaftical Benefices or Charitable Inllitutions, in the ‘ manner and under the Diredtions in the faid recited Adis refpec-

*	tively mentioned or referred to ; and, purfuant to the Powers fo ( veiled in the faid Commillioners, they have exonerated and dif-4 charged the Land Tax charged upon the Hereditaments be-4 longing to feveral Small Livings and Charitable Inllitutions : And 4 Whereas it may be expedient to augment the Incomes of other 4 Small Livings, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices, and of Charitable 4 Inllitutions not already exonerated from Land Tax, by exone-4 rating the fame from the Land Tax charged on the Hereditaments 4 belonging thereto refpedtively in the manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it lhall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by His Majefty by His Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal, purfuant to a Provifion contained in an Ait palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provifions of federal Ads paffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and for making further Provifion for the Redemption thereof at any time or times after the palling of this Ail, to direct the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Mefiuages, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or

B b 3	Charitable

Archbifhops and Bifhops;

and for the due Celebration of Divine Service.

Ail not to extend to Ireland.

46 G.3. c. 133.

49	G. 3. c. 67.

50	G. 3. c.58. 53 G.3. c. 123.

Commiffioners under Great Seal purfuant to 54 G.3. c. 173.

§ 2. may exonerate Small Livings and Charitable InftitutionSj nut exceeding 150I. a Year, from Land Tax, withoutTransfer or Payment of Confideration.

Hosted by Google

374

C.100.

&r GEO. III.

A.D. 1817,

Incumbents, Sec. to tranfmit Statements to be verified of Income of Livings, &c. and Certificates of Hereditaments, &c. and Amount of Land Tax.

Charitable Inftitutions, in cafes where the whole clear annual Income of fuch Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable In-* ftitutions refpedtively fhall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Confideration for the fame, in the manner and under the Directions and Reftridtions in this Adi mentioned.

II. And be it further enadled, That every Incumbent of any fuch Living or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, and all Feoffees or Truftees of any fuch Charitable Inftitution, who fhall be defirous that the Hereditaments belonging to fuch Living or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inftitution fhould be exonerated from Land Tax under the P'rovifions of this Adi, fhall, within Two Years after the paffing of this Adi, tranfmit a Memorial to the faid Commiflioners, verified in fuch manner as they fhall require and diredl, ftating the Nature and Defcription of the Property or other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of fuch Living or Ecclefiaftical Benefice of Charitable Inftitution is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each refpedlively $ and fhall alfo at the fame time tranfmit to the faid Commiflioners a Certificate, figned by the Clerk to the Com-mifiioners of the Land Tax ailing for the Diftridl, Town, Parifh or Place within which the Hereditaments belonging to fuch Living or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inftitution fhall be fituate (which Certificate fuch Clerk is hereby required to grant), . containing a Defcription in Writing of fuch Hereditaments, and the Name of the Parifh or Place, or Parifhes or Places, within which the fame fhall be fituate, and the Amount or Amounts of the Land Tax charged thereon.

III.	Provided always, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Com-mifiioners, if they fhall deem it expedient, to enlarge the time by this Adt limited for the Tranfmifiion of any fuch Memorials and Certificates as aforefaid, for any further Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Expiration of the Period by this Adi limited as aforefaid for the Tranfmifiion thereof y and all Memorials or Certificates which fhall be tranfmitted to the faid Commiflioners within fuch extended Period fhall be as valid and effedlual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax under the Provifions of this Adi, as if the fame had been tranfmitted within Two Years from the paffing

Defers of Form of this Adt; and further, that if any fuch Memorials or Certificates hi Memorials	which fhall be tranfmitted either within the faid Period of Two

and Certificates Years, or within the faid extended Period, fhall be found defedtive in Form, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to allow fuch time for the Amendment thereof as they in their Difcretion fhall think fit, and, upon Return thereof in their amended State, to ex* onerate the Hereditaments therein referred to from the Land Tax, as effedtually as they could have done if fuch Memorials or Certificates, when originally tranfmitted, had not required Amendment.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, by Writing under their Hands, to certify and declare that all the Hereditaments belonging to any fuch Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions as aforefaid fhall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Affeffments thereof; and fuch Hereditaments fhall thereupon, and notwithftanding it may afterwards appear that any of them, or any Part thereof, were omitted to be

rated

Commiflioners m^y enlarge time for tranf-jnitting fuch Statements and Certificates. -

may he amended if tranfmitted within the time limited.

Commiflioners may by Writing certify that Lands are exonerated from Land Tax.

Such Lands free, though omitted to be rated at

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 100.

3.75

rated to the Land Tax at the time fuch Certificate of Land Tax fiiall have been obtained, be wholly freed and exonerated from all Land Tax and all farther Afie/Tments thereof, from fuch of the quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as fiiall next precede the Day on which fuch Certificate of Exoneration fiiall be left at the proper Office, for the Purpofe of being duly regiftered in the manner hereinafter prefcribed.

6 V. And Whereas in fome Inftances the Governors of the 1 Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Mainte-

*	nance of the Poor Clergy, have augmented Small Livings by ( appropriating, for the Benefit of fuch Livings refpedtively, undi-‘ vided Shares in Farms, Lands or other Hereditaments rated to the ‘ Land Tax in One entire Sum, in which cafe the Rent payable 4 from the Tenant or Tenants thereof is received by the refpeftive

*	Incumbents of fuch augmented Livings, according to the Shares 4 with whch their refpeftive Livings have been augmented, on 4 their allowing to the Tenant or Tenants a like proportionate 4 Share of the Land Tax payable in refpeft of fuch Farms, Lands 4 or other HereditamentsNow be it further enafted, That it fiiall be lawful for the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, at any time within Two Years after the palling of this Aft, to direft the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon any Farm, Lands or other Hereditaments with which Two or more Livings have been fo jointly augmented as aforefaid, upon the Application of the Incumbent or Incumbents of any one or more of fuch Livings, and whether the Incumbent or Incumbents of the other Living or Livings fhall or fiiall not join in fuch Application, in cafe it fiiall appear to the faid Commiffioners, by the Produftion of fuch Evidence as they may require and think fatisfaftory, that the clear annual Income of no one of fuch Livings fo augmented (inclufive of the annual Value of its Augmentation) /hall exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Confideration for the fame, and by Writing under their Hands to certify and declare that the Farm, Lands or Hereditaments with which fuch Livings fiiall have been fo jointly augmented, fhall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further A/Tefifments thereof, in the fame manner as is hereinbefore direfted with refpeft to the Exoneration of other Livings from the Land Tax under the Provifions hereinbefore contained.

VI. And be it further enafted, That the Officer appointed for the Regiftry of Contrafts for the Redemption of the Land Tax fiiall regifter all the faid Certificates of Land Tax and the faid Certificates of Exoneration gratis, and fiiall make out and tranf-mit Duplicates of the Land Tax thereby certified and exonerated under the Provifions of this Aft, and do all fuch other Afts and things neceffary for the Exoneration of the Hereditaments fo to be exonerated, as by the Afts now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any of them, are direfted in regard to Contrafts entered into under the Provifions thereof refpeftively ; and every Copy of the Regiftry of any fuch Certificate, fiiall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Perfons, to be good and fufficient Evidence of fuch Certificate ; and no fuch Certificate, nor any Copy of the Regiftry thereof, fhall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

B b 4*	< VII. And

the Time Certificate obtained.

Commiffioners may exonerate from Land Tax Farms with which Two or more Livings have been jointly augmented under Queen Anne’s Bounty, upon Application of One Incumbent; and may certify.

Certificates to be regiftered gratis. Officer to tranf-mit Duplicates of Land Tax,&c.

Copy of R.e-giftry Evidence of Certificate.

Hosted by

Google

376

C.100.

57" GEO. III.

A.D.lsi/.

Commiffionevs may exonerate Livings under

I5ol.not alTtfTed

to the Land Tax, from 1 .iabi.iry to be aflelTed.

Statement of Proceedings as to Exoneration to be laid before Parliament.

Provifo for Delay arifing from Deleft of Form, &c.

Where Tenants at Rack Rent are bound to pay Laud Tax on Lands belonging to Livings, fee. exonerated from Land Tax, the Amount of Land Tax exonerated to be cotifidered as Rent rel'erved.

Confideration for redeeming Land Tax on

< VII. And Whereas it occafionally happens that the Here-c ditaments belonging to Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices c or Charitable Inftitutions, the clear annual Income arifing from < which docs not amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty * Pounds, have not been rated to the Land Tax j* Be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to dire^ the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Hereditaments belonging to fuch Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions reipedively from any future A lie Ament of Land Tax thereon, in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations, ft> far, as the fame are applicable, as the faid Commifiioners are by this A61 authorized and empowered to do in cafes where the Hereditaments belonging to any fuch Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions are or lhall be rated to the Land Tax.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the faid Commifiioners, with regard to the Exoneration of Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions from Land Tax, (hall be laid before each of the Two Houfes of Parliament before the Expiration of the Sefiion of Parliament ending in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; but that if, by reafon of any Defed in the Forms of any Memorials or Certificates by- this Ad directed to be tranfmitted to the faid Commifiioners, the Proceedings of the faid Commifiioners, fo far as they may relate to the Exoneration of any Land Tax mentioned or referred to in fuch Memorials or Certificates, lhall ne-cefiarily be delayed, fo as to prevent a Return of their Proceedings thereon before the Expiration of fuch Sefiion, then a Statement of the Proceedings of the faid Commifiioners, with regard to the Exoneration of the Land Tax mentioned or referred to in fuch laft mentioned Memorials or Certificates, lhall be laid before each of the Houfes of Parliament before the Expiration of the Sefiion ending in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That where any Tenant or Lefiee at a Rack Rent for any Term or Number of Years, or at Will, of any Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions which have been exonerated from the Land Tax under the Provifions of the faid Ads of the Forty fixlh, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty third Years of His prefent Majefty, or any of them, or lhall be exonerated from Land Tax under the Provifions of this Ad, lhall have been or lhall be bound by Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon during the Continuance of any Leale or Demile, or any Agreement for a Demife, the Amount of the Land Tax from which fuch Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments have been or lhall be fo exonerated, lhall, from the refpedive Periods of fuch Exoneration, and during the Continuance of fuch Leafes or Dernifes, be confidered as Rent referved or made payable thereon, and the fame lhall be payable on the fame Days, and the fame Powers lhall be had, ufed and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, and all Arrears thereof, from the refpedive Periods of fuch Exoneration, as for the Recovery of fuch Rent when in Arrear.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Con-trad! entered into after the palling of this Ad, and before the

T wentv

Hosted by Google

A.D.181

57« GEO. III.

C.100.

377

exceeding One Fourth of an Acre, how calculated.

Form of Con» tratt.

Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, Meffuages and according to the AffefTment of Land Tax made or to be made for Premiles not the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, for the Redemption of Land Tax charged on any Meffuages, Tenements or other Buildings, without any Lands or Grounds held therewith, or on any Meffuages,

Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands confiding wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or inclofed Gardens, held, occupied and charged together with fuch Meffuages, Tenements or Buildings, where the Land whereon the faid Meffuages or Buildings lhall Hand, and of which the faid Yards, Courts, Curtilages and inclofed Gardens fhall confift, fhall not exceed in the whole one Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it fhall be lawful to oontradl and agree for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax for a Confideration in Money equal in Amount to Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax fo contradled to be redeemed, to be paid in One entire Sum within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Contract ; and every fuch Contract fhall be made in the Form, and the Confideration thereof fhall be paid according to the Rules, fpecified in the Schedule marked (C.) to an Adt paffed in the Fifty third Year of 53G. 3. c. 12:. His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to amend and render more ejfedual federal Ads paffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Fax.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Contract No Contract tc fhall be made for the Redemption of Land Tax on the Terms of fie made for Eighteen Years7 Purchafe as aforefaid, unlefs an Affidavit in Writing L^ndT^Ton0' fhall be exhibited to the Commiffioners for executing the fame Con- th^Terms of iS tradl, to be made before any Matter Extraordinary in the Court of Years’Purchafe, Chancery, or a Commiflioner in One of the Courts of King’s Bench, unlefs Affidavit Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England, or before fome Perfon he exhibited authorized to take Affidavits in the Court of Seffions in Wales, or in the Courts of Seffions or Jufticiary in Scotland, fhowing to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, in the cafes of redeeming fuch Land Tax at Eighteen Years’ Purchafe, the Particulars of which the Premifes on which the Land Tax intended to be redeemed fhall confift, and that the fame are of the Quality and do not contain above the Admeafurement before defcribed.

XII. And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for any Corporations

Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, and Feoffees and Truftees for and others may

charitable or other public Purpofes, and all other Perfons entitled to redeem Land

the Patronage of any Living or Living’s, to contradt and agree for . axu°.n ,Tlngs i -p, i	-r	&	1	m	r	■,	*	.	6T	i	in their Patron-

tne Redemption or the Land Lax charged on the Glebe Lands,

Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any fuch Living or Livings, in confideration only of fo much Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities and the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or one of them, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend equal in Amount to the Land Tax fo to be redeemed ; any thing in the Adis now in force, relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax or any of them, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII. And be it further enadted, That in order to provide for Corporations any fuch Redemption by any Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or &c. may fell by any Feoffees or Truftees for charitable or other public Purpofes, J it lliall be lawful for them refpe&ively, by and under the Diredtion

and

ihewing the Particulars of the Premifes.

aee, on Transfer of Stock 1 roduc-ing a Dividend - qual in Amount to the Land Tax.

Hereditaments, for Redemption of Land Tax, or apply for that

Hosted by

Google

3/ 8

Purpofe Truft Money.

Redemption Contracts to declare theirDeiire that the Lands redeemed from Land Tax fhould not be lubjeCt to an Annual Rent Charge, &c.

Provilo if no fuch Declaration he contained in Redemption Contrail:,

Memorials to be prefen ted by Corporations to the Commiffion-ots under the Great Seal previous to making any Sale for redeeming fuch Land Tax.

C. 100.	57° GEO. III.	A.D. 1817.

and Authority of the Commifiioners under the Great Seal, to fell any Hereditaments belonging to fuch Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Truftees refpedlively, in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations and Reftridlions as they refpedlively could or might have done under the Powers and Proviiions of the Land Tax Redemption Adis now in force, or any of them, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belonging to them refpedlively, or to apply for the like Purpofe any perfonal Property invefted in the public Stocks or Funds, or any Legacies or voluntary Donations, or any other Truft Money which fuch Eccle-fiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Truftees, are authorized by the faid Adis or any of them to lay out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or any furplus Stock or Money arifen or to arife by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any fuch Eccle-fiaftical or Lay Corporation, or Feoffees or Truftees, for redeeming their Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions of the faid Adis or any'of them.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That it {hall be lawful for any fuch Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Truftees for charitable or other public Purpofes, who (hall be fo defirous of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Living or Livings in their Patronage, to declare in the Redemption Contracts refpedlively that they are defirous that the Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax on which fhall be propofed to be redeemed, fhall not be fubjedt to any Annual Rent Charge, or to any other Charge in favour of fuch Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations or Feoffees or Truftees, in refpedt of fuch Redemption, in which cafe fuch Livings refpedlively fhall not be liable to the Payment of any fuch Annual Rent Charge, or to any other Charge in refpedf of fuch Redemption, under the Provifions of any of the Adis now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax ; but neverthelefs, if no fuch Declaration fhall be contained in fuch Redemption Contradls, the Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Truftees redeeming fuch Land Tax, fhall be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge iffuing out of the Living the Land Tax on which (hall be fo redeemed, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, in the fame manner as is provided in fimilar cafes by the Adis now in force relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to the like Powers, on prefenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to fuch Living or Livings, of fufpending Payment of fuch Rent Charges refpedlively during the Incumbency or Incumbencies of fuch Clerk or Clerks refpedlively, as are by the faid Adis or any of them given in like cafes.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That when any Lands or other Hereditaments (hall be propofed to be fold by any Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporation, or Feoffees or Truftees for charitable or other public Purpofes, for the purpofe of redeeming any Land Tax under the Power laftly herein contained, the Ecclefiaftical or Lay Corporation, Feoffees or Truftees for charitable or other public Purpofes, defirous of making fuch Sales, fhall prefent a Memorial to the Commifiioners appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal, ftating their Intention of making fuch Sale and the Objedl thereof, for the Approbation of fuch Commifiioners ; and fuch Commifiioners or any Two of them are hereby required, if they

fhall

Hosted by Google

379

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.100.

/hall approve of fuch Sale, to certify their Approbation thereof under their Hands.

XVI.	And be it farther enabled, That where any Lands or other Hereditaments, the Whole or Part whereof /hall be exclufively fubjedl to any Trulls, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, /hall be agreed or propofed to be fold under the Powers and Provisions of the A6ls pa/Ted and now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, for the Purpofe of redeeming any Land Tax charged on Hereditaments which Shall, with the Exception of fuch Trulls, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, /land limited or fettled or fubjedl to the fame Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes as the Lands or Hereditaments fo agreed or propofed to be fold, or for the purpofe of reimburling any Stock or Money previou/ly transferred or paid for redeeming fuch Land Tax, it /hall be lawful for the Commif-lioners for the Redemption and Sale of Land Tax for the time being, if in their Judgment the Lands or other Hereditaments fo agreed or propofed to be fold lhall in other refpedts be eligible to be fold for the Purpofe propofed, to diredl the Party or Parties applying for the Sale thereof to make Application to the Court of Chancery in England, if the Ellate lhall be fituate in England, or the Court of Seffion in Scotland, if the Ellate fnall be fituate in Scotland; and in fuch cafes it /hall be lawful for the faid Courts refpedlively (if fuch Courts refpedlively /hall in their Dilcretion think lit), upon Application made by Petition in a fummary Way by or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons defirous of making fuch Sale, to order and diredl that the Lands or other Hereditaments fo agreed or propofed to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid lhall be fold and conveyed fubjedl to fuch Trulls, Mortgages, Liens or other Incumbrances to which the fame or any of them /hall be fo exclu/ively fubjedl; and the Commiffioners for the Redemption and Sale of Land Tax /hall carry fuch Order into Effedl according to the Tenor and Effedl thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That where the Land Tax charged upon any Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any Archiepifcopal or Epifcopal See, or to any Redlory or Vicarage, /hall have been redeemed by any Archbi/hop, Bilhop, Redlor or Vicar for the time being, by and out of the private Monies belonging to fuch Archbilhop, Bi/hop or Redlor or Vicar, and it /hall happen that any Stock /hall be Handing in the Names of the Commiffioners for the Redudtion of the National Debt, or in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or in the Names or Name of any Trullees or Trullee, on account or for the Ufe of any fuch Archiepifcopal or Epifcopal See, or Redlory or Vicarage, which /hall have arifen from any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, and which /hall not have been applied for the Purpofes for which fuch Sale, Mortgage or Grant /hall have been made, it /hall be lawful for the Archbi/hop or Bilhop, or Redlor or Vicar for the time being, by and under the Diredlion and Authority of the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to treat and agree with the Archbilhop, Bilhop, Redlor of Vicar who lhall have fo redeemed fuch Land Tax, or with the Executors, Adminillrators or Affigns of fuch Archbi/hop, Bi/hop, Redlor or Vicar, for the Purchafe of an Affignment from them refpedlively of the Land Tax fo redeemed j and for the Pur-

pofe

Where Lands fubjedl to Mortgage, &c. fhall he agreed to be fold for redeeming the Land Tsx, &c. Com-miffioners may diredl that Application be made to the Court of Chancery, if in England, and to the Court of Seffion, if in Scotland.

Order thereon.

Where Land Tax redeemed by Archbilhqps, &c- out of their private Monies, and there is Stock {landing in the Name of Commiffioners for Reduction of National Debt, See. in trull for fuch See, See. an herein mentioned, on Order from Two Com-miffioners fuch Stock may be transferred to Perfon aligning the Land Tax.

Hosted by Google

C. 100.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Surplus Stock (landing in the Name of Coin-

mi Hi oners for Redudfion of National Debt may be fold to pay Coils of Corporations, Sec. allowed by the Commiffioners.

Commiffioners may give Di-re6lions to the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for making good the Transfer of Stock, according to the Terms of

pofe of completing the Purchafe of fuch Alignment, it fhall be lawful for the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners or any Two or more of them to order and direct the Confideration for fuch Purchafe fhall be paid or transferred by Sale or Transfer of a fufficient Part of fuch Stock ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the faid Commiffioners for Reduction of the National Debt, and the faid Accountant General, and alfo fuch Truf-tees or Truftee as aforefaid, are hereby refpedtively authorized and required, upon the Production of fuch Order, figned by any Two or more of the faid Commiffioners* under the Great Seal, by Sale or Transfer of a fufficient Part of fuch Stock, to pay or transfer to the Perlon or Perfons affigning fuch Land Tax the Money or Stock fpecified in fuch Certificate ; and the Receipt or Receipts of fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be fufficient Difcharges for the Money or vStock fo to be paid or transferred ; and upon any fucli Payment or Transfer being made as hereby is directed, and upon an Affignment being made of fuch Land Tax to the Archbifhop, Bifhop, ReCtor or Vicar for the time being (and which Affignment fhall not be liable to any Stamp Duty), fuch Land Tax fhall forthwith become merged and extinguiffied for the Benefit of the See or Living the Hereditaments belonging to which refpe&ively or any of them fhall have been charged with the faid Land Tax.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That where there fhall be any Surplus Stock Handing in the Names of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Account of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees for Charitable or other public Purpofes, arifing from or produced by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, under the Powers and Provifions of the Land Tax Redemption ACts, or any of them, or of this ACt, after fatisfying the Purpofes for which fuch Sale, Mortgage or Grant fhall have been made, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, by any Writing under their Hands, to order and direCf the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to fell and transfer fo much of fuch Stock as at the time of fuch Sale or Transfer fhall produce the Sum which fhall be allowed by the faid Commiffioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal as the Cofts of fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, attending any fuch Sales, Mortgages or Grants ; which Sum, when fo railed, fhall be paid to fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, to whom fuch Cofts fhall have been allowed, or to any Perfon or Perfons to be nominated by them refpeClively to receive the fame, in Difcharge of fuch Cofts accordingly.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes of Contracts already entered into, or which after the paffing of this ACt fhall be entered into, by any fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees as aforefaid, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, either under the Powers of the faid A&s, or any of them, or of this A£f, it fhall be lawful for the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners, by any Writing under their Hands, to give fuch Orders and Directions to the faid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, with regard to the Transfer of any fuch

Surplus

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 100.

3S1

Surplus Stock, or with regard to the Sale thereof or any Part thereof, and with regard to the Application of the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, as the faid Commiffioners appointed by Letters Patent fhall think proper, for the Purpofe of making good the Transfer or Payment of the Stock or Money Confideration for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax, according to the Terms of fuch Redemption Contracts refpedtively, and for Payment of any Cofls to be allowed by the faid Commiffioners ; and the faid Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are hereby required to make or caufe to be made all fuch Transfers, Sales and Payments according to fuch Orders'.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in all cafes wherein, by reafon of any Purchafe made or to be made of any Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions contained in any of the Adts paffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, the Lands or Hereditaments, the Land Tax on wdiich has been or fhall be fo pur-chafed, or any of them, have become or fhall become charged with a yearly Rent or Sum as a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax fo purchafed, and any Common Lands, Wafle Lands, or other Lands fituate and being within the Parifh, Townfhip or Diftridt within which the Lands, out of which any fuch Fee Farm Rent fhall be iffuing, fhall be fituate, fhall hereafter be divided or allotted and inclofed under any Adt of Parliament already paffed or hereafter to be paffed, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioner or Commiffioners refpedtively authorized to carry fuch A61 or Adts of Parliament into Execution, to fet out or allot and award unto and

- for the Benefit of the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or other Perfon or Perfons for the time being feized of or entitled to the Receipt of fuch Fee Farm Rents refpedtively, and in lieu, Satis-fadtion and Difcharge of fuch Fee Farm Rents refpedtively, [and to the fame or the like Ufes as at the times of fuch Allotments fhall refpedtively affedt the faid Fee Farm Rents refpedtively, fuch Part or Parts of the Lands fo to be divided, allotted and inclofed as afore-fa^d, as the faid Commiffioner or Commiffioners refpedtively fhall in his or their Judgment deem an Equivalent for the Fee Farm Rents in lieu of which fuch Lands fhall be fo allotted ; fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners taking care that fuch Allotments fhall adjoin or be as contiguous as may be to any other Allotments, if any, to the Proprietors of fuch Fee Farm Rents, or to any Meffuages or old Inclofures, if any, belonging to fuch Proprietors refpedtively.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That all and fingular the Powers, Claufes and Diredtions contained in an Adt paffed in the Forty-firll Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for con-folidating in One Ad certain Provifions ufually inferted in Ads of inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the pajjing of fuch Ads ; and alfo all and fingular the Powers, Claufes and Diredtions contained in any Inclofure Adt already paffed, but the Allotments under which have not been fet out, and to be contained in any future Adts of Parliament for dividing, allotting or inclofing any Commons, Wafle Lands or other Lands within any Parifh, Townfhip or Places in England or Wales, fhall, fo far as fuch feveral Powers, Claufes and Diredtions fhall be applicable to the cafe, be ufed, applied and exercifed with refpedt to any Allotment

the Central, who are to transfer accordingly.

In what cafes Allotments may be made under Inclofure Adts in lieu of Fee Farm Rents payable in refpedt of Land Tax purchafed.

Provifions of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and all other Inclofure Adts applicable to Allotments made under this Adt,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

382

Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes enabled to execute and confirm Deeds of Sale, &c. which have not been executed by the Commifiioners a£ting under the Royal Sign Manual.

Such Deeds hereby confirmed*

C.100.

A.D. 1817.

ment or Allotments to be made in lieu of any Fee Farm Rents under the Directions of this ACt.

4 XXII. And Whereas it appears that fome Deeds of Sale, which, c previous to the Revocation of the Commifiions heretofore granted 4 under the Royal Sign Manual, enabling the Perfons therein named 4 to be Commifiioners for the Redemption and Sale of the Land c Tax, were intended to have been executed by and under the

*	Authority of the Perfons named in fuch Commifiions, have been 4 executed by the Tenants for Life or other Perfons having Autho-‘ rity, with the Confent of fuch Commifiioners, to make fuch Sales, c but have not been executed by fuch Commifiioners ; and Difficulties 6 have in fome Inftances arifen as to the Mode of confirming Titles c under fuch imperfeCt Conveyances ; and it is expedient that a dif-

*	cretionary Power fhould be given to the Commifiioners for the i Affairs of Taxes of confirming the fame, and alfo any Deed of c Mortgage or Grant that may for the fame Caufe be found imper-c feCtBe it therefore further ena&ed, That upon Production to the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, of any Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, that have been executed by any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or other Perfon or Perfons having Authority under the Land Tax Redemption Ads for the time being to make any fuch Sale, Mortgage or Grant, with the Confent and Approbation of Two or more of the Commifiioners for the time being appointed by and under the Royal Sign Manual, but which Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, have not been executed by the Commifiioners, whofe Confent was neceffary to the Validity thereof refpeCtively, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes or any Two of them, on their being fatisfied that fuch Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant would have been authorized and available under the Powers and Provifions of the faid Ads or fome of them, if Two of the Commifiioners for the time being ading by virtue of the Royal Sign Manual had been Parties to and executed the fame, to fign and feal fuch Deeds of Sale, Mortgage and Grant, and to caufe fuch Indorfements to be made on fuch Deeds refpec-tively, as the faid Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes may, under the Circumftances of the cafe, think neceffary or proper for ffiewing their Affent to and Confirmation of fuch Sales, Mortgages or Grants ; and all fuch Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, which fhall be fo figned and fealed by the faid Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, and upon which any fuch Indorfement fhall be made, fhall be and the fame are hereby refpedively ratified and confirmed from the refpedive Periods at which fuch Sales, Mortgages or Grants were refpedively intended to take Effect, and the fame fhall be from fuch refpedive Periods as valid and effedual in the Law, and be confidered as conferring upon the refpedive Purchafers or Mortgagees of the Lands and Hereditaments therein refpedively comprized, or upon the refpedive Grantees of any Rent Charges, and all Perfons claiming by, from, through, under or in truft for them refpedively, as good a Title to the Lands or Hereditaments fold or mortgaged, or to the Rent Charges granted, as if Two of the Cora-mifiioners for the time being ading under the Royal Sign Manual, and who would have been competent under the Ads for the time being to confent to fuch Sales, Mortgages or Grants refpedively, had approved of and confented thereto refpedively, by figning and

fealing

Hosted by Google

C. 100.

383

fealing fuch Deeds refpe#ively ; and no Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant fo to be confirmed, fhall require any Stamp Duty by rea-fon of any Execution thereof by the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or by reafon of any fuch Indorfement to be made thereon as aforefaid.

XXIII. And be it further enabled, That where any Contract fhall have been entered into for the Redemption of any Land Tax, and any Contra# fhall have been entered into for Sale of any Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purpofe of railing Money to complete the Contra# for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax, and it fhall appear that fuch Contra# for Sale cannot, under the Powers and Authorities of the Land Tax Redemption A#s, or any of them, or by reafon of fome Defe#in the Title to the Lands or other Hereditaments comprized in fuch Contra# for Sale, be completed, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, to refcind and declare void fuch Contra# for Redemption of Land Tax ; and thereupon it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to make fuch Orders and give fuch Dire#ions as they fhall think proper for the Re-transfer of any Stock or the Re-payment of any Money that may have been previoufly transferred or paid in purfuance of fuch refcinded Contra# ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Commiffioners for the Redu#ion of the National Debt, and the feveral Receivers General in England, and Colle#ors in Scotlandr, to whom the fame may re-fpe#ively appertain, fhall, upon a Certificate of fuch Contra# being fo refcinded, make, and they are hereby refpe#ively required to make, fuch Re-transfer or Re-payment accordingly.

i XXIV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provifion for the £ Enrolment and Regifter of Deeds which have not been duly enrolled c or regiftered purfuant to the Dire#ions of the feveral A#s paffed c relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax Be it therefore further ena#ed, That all Deeds required by the faid A#s or any of them to be enrolled or regiftered fhall be valid and effe#ual, although the fame fhould not have been or fhall not be enrolled or regiftered within the Periods prefcribed by the faid A#s refpe#ively, provided the fame fhall have been enrolled or regiftered before the paffing of this A#, or fhall be enrolled or regiftered within Twelve Calendar Months after the paffing thereof; and that in cafe any fuch Deeds fhall not be enrolled or regiftered within Twelve Calendar Months after the paffing of this A#, or any Deeds hereafter to be executed under the Powers of the faid A#s or any of them, or of this A#, fhall not be enrolled or regiftered within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof refpe#ively, it fhall be lawful for any Two or more of the Commiffioners for the time being for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, if they fhall think fit, upon the Production of any fuch Deeds, to order the fame to be enrolled or regiftered ; and that all Deeds to be enrolled or regiftered purfuant to any fuch Order fhall be as valid and effe#ual as if the fame had been enrolled or regifted within the Periods prefcribed by the faid A#s or by this A# ; and that all Conveyances made fubfequent to any Deeds already enrolled or regiftered, or to be enrglled or regiftered under this A#, and depending in point of Title on fuch Deeds, fhall be of the fame Effe# as if fuch Deeds had been enrolled or regiftered on the Day of the Date thereof; neverthelefs without prejudice to the

Validity

Where Contracts cannot be completed, the Commiffion-ers for Taxes may refcind them,

and dire# the Stock to be retransferred.

Deeds valid though not enrolled within the Periods prefcribed by the A6Is relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax.

Two Commiffioners for Redemption of Land Tax may, under Circum-ftances herein mentioned, order fuch Deeds to be enrolled, &c.

Hosted by Google

384

C. 100.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

In what cafe informal Sales and Conveyances confirmed.

Pfovilo for Relief in Equity of Perfons injured, &c. by Sales.

Powers of Adis refpedting Redemption of

Validity of any Affurances heretofore made or hereafter to be made to corredt or fupply any Defeats arifing from the Want of fuch Enrolment or Regiftry.

4 XXV, And Whereas for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchaf-4 ing Land Tax, or of raifing Money for reimburfing the Stock or 4 Money previoufly transferred or paid as the Conlideration for 4 redeeming Land Tax, or for purchafing Affignments of Land Tax,

4 or for fome other Purpofes for which Lands and Hereditaments 4 were authorized to be fold under the Powers and Provifions of the 4 Adis heretofore palled, relating to the Redemption and Sale of the 6 Land Tax or fome of them, fome Sales of Lands and other Here-4 ditaments have been made, the Titles to which, as derived under 4 fuch Sales, may be confidered void or voidable, or liable to be im-4 peached at Law or in Equity, or be liable to Objedtions calculated 4 to impede the free Alienation thereof Now be it further enadled. That all Sales made, and all Conveyances executed, of Lands or other Hereditaments fold for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchafing Land Tax, or for raifing Money as hereinbefore is mentioned, provided fuch Conveyances fhall appear to have been executed under the Authority and with the Confent and Approbation of the refpedlive Commiffioners for the time being authorized to confent to Sales made under the Powers of the faid Adis refpedtively, or any of them, fhall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed from the refpedlive Periods at which fuch Sales and Conveyances were refpedtively made and executed, and the fame fhall be from fuch refpedlive Periods valid and effectual, and be confidered as conferring upon the refpec-tive Purchafers of the Lands and Hereditaments therein refpedtively comprifed, and all Perfons claiming by, from, through, under or in Trufl for them refpedtively, a good and valid Title, both at Law and in Equity, to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; any thing in the faid Adts, or any Law or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That every Perfon who may conceive himfelf or herfelf injured or prejudiced by any Sales hereby confirmed, fhall, at any time within Five Years after the paffing of this Adt, if fuch Perfon lhall not be under any legal Difability, but if he or {he fhall be under any legal Difability, then within Five Years next after fuch Difability fhall be removed, be entitled to Relief either by the Decree of a Court of Equity on a Bill filed, or by a fummary Application to a Court of Equity by Petition, and by the ufual Proceedings before the Mafter or other proper Officer of the Court on fuch Petition, and an Order thereupon ; and fhall under fuch Decree or Order have an Annual Rent Charge to fuch an Amount, and for and during fuch Term or Eftate, and charged upon fuch Lands or other Hereditaments, as fuch Court fhall order or diredl; and the faid Court fhall have full Power to adjuft the Proportion and Terms of fuch Annual Rent Charge between different Claimants, and to diredl the Settlement of fuch Annual Rent Charge in fuch manner as the faid Court fhall, under the Circumflances of the cafe, in its Difcretion think proper ; and fhall alfo have Power to make fuch Order refpedling the Cofls of the Parties as the faid Court fhall think fit.

XXVII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every the Powers and Provifions contained in any Adis in force at the time of

the

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.100, 101, 102.

385

the paffing of this Aft, touching the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, fhall be feverally applied and conftrued in like manner as if the fame Powers and Provifions had been contained and reenafted in this A6t.

CAP. CL

An Aft to continue an Aft, intituled An At1 further to extend and render more effectual certain Provifions of an Act pa fed in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majefy King George the Fir/ly intituled 4 An A El to prevent frivolous and vexatious 4 Arrefsy and of an A El paffed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majefy King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effeElual the faid former A El; and of Two AElSy paffed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefy, extending the Provifions of the faid former AEls.	[nth	July	18 17.]

4 TT7 HEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifty firfb Year of His 6 VV prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Ad further to extend 4 and render more effeElual certain Provifions of an A El paffed in the 4 Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majefy King George the 4 Firfy intituled 4 An Ad to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrefs ;y 4 and of an A El paffed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majefy 4 King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effeElual 4 the faid former AEl ; and of Two Ads, paffed in the Nineteenth 4 and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefy, ex-4 tending the Provifions of the faid former Ads : And Whereas, the 4 faid recited Aft will expire at the End of the prefent Seffion of 4 Parliament, unlefs the fame (hall be continued ; and it is expedient 4 that the fame Ihould be continued Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft fhall continue and be in force until the Firft Day of November in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Aft to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain> and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon ; and for granting Allowances, in certain cafes, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermaflers, Surgeons’ Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	[nth	July	1817.]

[This Ad, except as to Dates and the Sedions that are retained> and except as to Sedions 2. 18. and 21. which are addedy and alfo except as to Sedion 19. of 56 G» 3. c, 90. which is omitted\ is the fame as the faid Ad of 56 G. 3. c. 90.]

4	HEREAS it is neceffary that Provifion fhould be made

4 VV for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and con-4 tingent Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of 57 Geo. III.	C	c	4 Cornwall

Land Tax applied to this Aft.

51 G, 3. c. 124.

continued.

Hosted by Google

38(>

C.102.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Secretary at War to lffoe the Mpuey required for the Pay of the Regular Militia when difembodied.

Rates of Pay.

Rates ©f Pay when abfent on Furlough.

* Cornwall and Devon (when difembodied), in Great Britain, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 feventeen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eighteen ; and alfo for making Allowances of Reduced 4 Pays in certain cafes, to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates 4 of the Regular Militia and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great 4 Britain, while difembodied ; and alfo Allowances to Adjutants 4 and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may 4 be reduced; and to Adjutants, Surgeons and Quartermaders, after 4 long Service;’ Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Secretary at War for the time being may and (hall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to caufe to be iffued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain (when difembodied), in the manner and for the feveral Ufes hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay,) for the Pay of the faid Regular Militia at the Rates following ; that is to fay,

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymafter, in Corps confiding of Three Companies, and upwards, Six Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymader, in Corps confiding of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymader, in Corps confiding of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem :

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem :

For each Quartermader, where One had been appointed in a Corps while embodied at an Edabliffiment of not lefs than Three hundred and fixty Private Men, Five Shillings^;’ Diem; and at an Edabliffiment of lefs than Three hundred and fixty Private Men, Three Shillings per Diem :

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Pro-vifional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem : For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem :

For each Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provifional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem ;

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem ;

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem ;

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem :

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem :

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer ffiall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer ffiall during fuch Abfence receive Pay at the following Rates, indead of thofe above mentioned ; that is to fay,

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provifional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings per Diem :

For every Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in any Provifional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 102.

337

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps con-filling of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Four pence per Diem :

For every other Serjeant, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem :

For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem :

For every Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps confifl-ing of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem:

And for every Drummer, the Sum of Sixpence per Diem refpec-lively, and no more :

And alfo for the Cloathing of the Regular Militia (when difem-bodied), in cafes in which full Cloathing fhall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major ; Three Pounds for each Serjeant ; One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Four pence for each Corporal; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Drummer ; and One Pound Seventeen Shillings for each Private Man ; and fo in Proportion in the cafes in which only Part of the Cloathing (hall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the a&ual Expence of Package and Carriage, and fuch Charges for altering and fitting the Cloathing as fhall have been notified by the Secretary at War ; and that luch Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on conllant Pay, and refident at Head Quarters, fhall be cloathed once in Two Years, and alfo at the Rate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Adjutant, Paymafter, Surgeon, Quartermaller, Non Commiffioned Officer and Drummer of Regular Militia when difembodied, (hall be conftantly refident within the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which fuch Officers belong are kept, or within reafonable Diftance of the Depot, as fhall be fan&ioned by the Secretary at War : Provided always, that every fuch Adjutant, Paymafter, Surgeon, Quarter-mafler, Non Commiffioned Officer or Drummer, fhall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he fhall be abfent, except when abfent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave fhall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cafe of certified Sicknefs, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers at the fame time, or beyond fuch Period of Three Months, except in cafe of Sicknefs.

III.	And be it further enadled, That the Quartermailer of each Regiment of Militia, in which a Quartermailer is appointed, and when no Quartermailer is appointed, then the Paymafter fhall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Cloathing, NecefTaries and other Stores, under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymafter fhall, out of the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer diredled by this A6t to be iflued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time, iffue and pay fuch Sums of Money as may be necefiary for the Repair of Arms and other ufual contingent Expences, upon an

C c 2	Order

Cloathing.

Refidence of certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps are kept, or within realon-able Diftance.

Quartermailer,

&c. to have Charge of Arms, Cloathing, &c. Paymafter to ilTue Money for contingent Ex-pences on an Order figned by the Colonel,

Hosted by Google

588

C. 102.

57°' GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Balance to form a Stock Purfe.

Accounts allowed, S:c. an Acquittal to Pay-rn after.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle to Allowances.

Order in Writing figned by the Colonel or other Commandant ; and after Payment of fuch Sums as afor'efaid, he (hall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all fuch Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, (hewing the Balances remaining in his Hands, (which faid Balance (hall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps,) and (hall tranfmit the fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and figned ; and the faid Accounts fo allowed and figned, (hall be and are hereby directed .to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of fuch Paymafter, for the Application and Difpofal of fuch Money.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates of the Militia who (hall claim under the Authority of this Adt to receive any Part of the faid Allowances, fhall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelves thereto, take and lubferibe an Oath before fome One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effedt following ; (videlicet,)

c J A.B. do fwear, That I belong to the

4	of	Militia	when the fame was difembodied, and

4 that I have continued to ferve therein from that time until the 6	Day	of	inclufive,	as	a Lieu-

‘ tenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate (as the cafe may be), and that I

*	was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife during the faid 4 Period in the adtual PofTeffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the

*	Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of fuch

*	an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a 4 Commiffion of Captain of a Company in the Militia ; that I have

*	not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant,

4 Surgeon, Paymafter or Quartermafter, in any Regiment, Battalion 4 or Corps of Militia ; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any 4 Perfon for me hold or enjoy, during the faid Period, any Office or 4 Income whatfoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as a 4	of the Army, Navy, Marines or of a

*	Provifional Battalion formed from the Militia (as the cafe may be).

4 So help me GOD.5

1< Regiment be not called out before time fixed for Payment, Allowance to be paid on taking the Oath before a Jullice, without Certificate of Attendance.

Which Oath fo taken and fubferibed fhall be produced to the Pay-mailer of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate claiming the Allowance.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, after the difembodying thereof, and before the time fixed for the Payment of the faid Allowances, fhall not be called out for the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon’s Mate belonging to any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and coming within the Defcription of this A61, who fhall have taken and fubferibed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any fuch Juflice of the Peace as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to the faid Allowance as if fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpofe, and as if a certificate of fuch Attendance, figned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, had been furnifhed to the Paymafter of the Regiment.

XL And

Hosted by Google

■A. D. 1817.

>7° GEO. III.

C. 102.

XL And be it further enabled, That upon fuch Oaths and Certificates as aforefaid, or where any Regiment of Militia (hall not have been called out to their annual Exercife as aforefaid, upon the faid Oaths being produced to the refpe&ive Paymafters, it fhall be lawful for fuch Paymafters, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to the faid Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates, according to their refpedtive Commiffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate, the Allowance above mentioned, for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, without any Deduction whatfoever ; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in purfuance of this A or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having ferved in any of His Majefty’s Forces, or Navy or Marines, and ferving in the Militia, fhall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this ACt diredled to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Enfigns, Adjutants, Paymafters, Quartermafters, Surgeons and Surgeons’ Mates when aflembled for annual Training ; and the receiving and taking any fuch Pay and Allowances by any fuch Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quartermafter, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, (hall not prevent fuch Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or fuch Allowance ; and fuch Perfon fhall take the following Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame.

4 J A* B. do fwear, I had noHbetween the	and	the

4 any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under 4 His Majefty, befides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced 4	in His Majefty’s Navy [or in the Marines, or in

4	late Regiment of	],	or Allow-

4 ance as in	late	Troop	of Horfe Guards, or [

4 Regiment of Horfe reduced], fave and except my Pay or Allow-4 ance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant,

4 Paymafter, Quartermafter, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, while 6 aflembled for Training and Exercife, [as the cafe may bef\ for 4 ferving in the Militia of the County of	.’

And the taking the faid Oath fhall be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance without taking any other Oath ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVII. And be it further enadted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who fhall have ferved faithfully, either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof Ten fhall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who fhall have been or fhall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, fhall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of fuch Service of Twenty Yea^s as aforefaid, from the

C c 3	Command-

Pay matters to pay the x^llow-ances on the 24th December next, and 24th June i8r8, without Deduction.

Perfons being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having ferved in the Army or Navy, empowered, if ferving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the following Oath.

Adjutants after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive an Allowance of 8s. per Day, on Certificate and Order from Secretary at War.

Hosted by Google

C. 102.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

t su.

A Ho Half Pay.

Quartern-) a fiers in like manner, after a Service of 30 Years, entitled to an Allowance, and alfo to Half Pay.

Surgeons in like manner, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive 6s. per Day.

Alfo to Half Pay.

Reduced Adjutant to receive 43. per Day till 24th March 1818.

Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War, founded upon fuch Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Pay-mailer aforefaid fhall be and is hereby authorized to pay to fuch Perfon an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem : Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid, who fhall hold any Office or Employment or j- Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty ; Provided alfo, that no fuch Adjutant fhall lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as aforefaid, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, any Quartermafler of Regular Militia who fhall have ferved faithfully, either in His Majefty,s Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen fhall have been as a Quartermafler of Regular Militia, and who fhall have been or fhall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, fhall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, and obtaining from the Secretary at War an Order founded upon fuch Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter of the Regiment fhall be and is hereby authorized to pay to fuch Perfon, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when ferving in the difembodied Regular Militia: Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid who lhall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty : Provided alfo, that no fuch Quartermafler fhall, by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as aforefaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully ferved, either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years, fhall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he fhall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of fuch Service of Twenty Years in the whole (Ten of which he fhall have ferved as a Surgeon of Militia) from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, and obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon fuch Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter of the Regiment fhall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to fuch Perfon an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem, commencing the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouland eight hundred and feventeen; Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid who fhall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty; but no Perfon receiving fuch Allowance fhall by reafon thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia fhall have already ceafed and determined or been reduced in its Effablifhment, or fhall ceafe and determine or be reduced in its Effablifhment during the Continuance of this Aft, the

Sum

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 102.

391

Sum of Four Shillings per Diem (hall be paid to fuch Perfon as has actually ferved as Adjutant to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, or from the time fuch Regiment fhall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, as the cafe may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen : Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid, who (hall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty ; but no fuch reduced Adjutant fhall lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines or a Provifional Battalion formed from the Militia by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as laft aforefaid, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

c XXI. And Whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors are

*	entitled to and have received certain Allowances in confequence

*	of having been reduced under the Provifions of an Aft palled in

*	the Thirty ninth and Forty firft Years of the Reign of His prefent ‘ Majefty, which Allowance has been continued, and as to fuch Adju-*■ tants augmented to Four Shillings per Diem P Be it therefore enatled, That all fuch Adjutants and Serjeant Majors fhall be entitled to receive and fhall receive fuch Allowance from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to be ifiued as heretofore by the Receivers General of Counties ; and all Payments of fuch Allowance to any fuch Adjutant by any Receiver General fhall be deemed good and valid Payment, and be allowed in their Accounts as fuch.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under the faid Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforefaid, or any fubfequent Afts continuing fuch Allowance, or this Aft, may receive and take fuch Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable together with fuch reduced Allowance under the Provifions of an Aft palled in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for amending and reducing into one A3 of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England (a) : Provided always, that no fuch reduced Adjutant fhall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Aft during the time he fhall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, other than fuch as aforefaid.

(a) [26 6.3. c. 107. Repealed, 42 G. 3^ c. 90. § I.]

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing, Allowances and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia when difembodied as aforefaid, fhall be iffued and paid under the Direftion of the Secretary at War, according to fuch Regulations as have been or fhall be eftablifhed on that Head.

XXIX. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

Ccf	CAP.

Alfo to Half Pay.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 & 40 G. 3. c* 44«j 41 G.3. (U. K.) c.55.

until 25 th March 1818.

Reduced Adjutants may take fuch Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance to which they may be entitled under 26 G. 3. c. 107.

Pay, Cloathing, &c. ifiued under Direftionsof Secretary at War;

Continuance of Aft.

Hosted by Google

392

C.103.

57° GEO. III.

Pay in Advance for each County, &c. where Militia is railed.

Rates of Pay.

Contingent

Expences.

Cloathing.

A.D.1817.

cap. cm.

An A£f for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	[nth July 1817.3

[This ylB, except as to Dates and the Sections that are retained, is the fame as 56 G. 3. c. 121.]

‘ TT7 HERE AS it is neceffary that Provifion fhould be made for ( VV defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia * in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the c Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feven-4 teen until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eighteen Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moil •Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corhmons, in this prefent Parliament altembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for every County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or (hall be raifed, there fhall be iffued and paid out of the Produce of the Con-folidated Fund arifing in Ireland the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the feveral Ufes herein after mentioned ; (that is to fay,) for the Pay of the faid Militia, at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, and at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Paymafter and Surgeon refpecfively, where an Adjutant, Paymafter or Surgeon is appointed ; and at the Rate of Five Shillings per Day for each Quarter Matter, where a Quarter Matter is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten pence per Day for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant are appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence per Day for each Serjeant fo refident as aforefaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer fo refident as aforefaid, with the Addition of Sixpence^/- Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer fo refident as aforefaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal fo refident as aforefaid : And alfo at the Rate of Three pence per Mouth for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expencesof each Regiment and Battalion of Militia : And alfo for the Cloathing of the Militia for fuch County, after the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, when fuch Serjeant Majors, Quarter Matter Serjeants, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Drummers and Corporals, have not been cloathed within Two Years; and with refpedt to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Militia Man, when fuch Private Militia Men have not been cloathed within Four Years:

Provided

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 103.

393

Provided always, that where any Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Rates of Pay Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, floall he abfent on Furlough or when on Fur-•Licence, fuch Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or louS^* Drummer, fhall, during fuch Abfence, receive the Rates of Pay fol-lowing ; (that is to fay,) every Serjeant Major the Sum of One Shilling and Four pence, every Drum Major the Sum of One Shilling, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day refpe&ively, and no more ; and it fhall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any fuch Pay fhall be from time to time iffued for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when fuch Advances fhall be made.

IJ. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful Charges of pack-for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of ‘ng and convey-Irelandior the time being, to direct fuch further Sums to be ilfued ing of Cjoathing and paid as fhall be requifitefor the Payment of the neceffary Charges ^i0U e or> of the packing and conveying of any fuch Cloathing,' and for any Alteration thereof to fit the Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men of the faid Militia refpedtively.

V.	And be it further enadted, That whenever the Governor or Colonel to cer-Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be tify to Lord held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, fhall Lieutenant and have fixed the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or ^^fExercife Commanding Officer fhall, as foon as may be, certify the fame to &c yice * the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Treafurer to pay Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and to the Sums here-the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, fpecifying the Num- 'n specified, ber of Men, and the Number of Days fuch Men are to be abfent from Home on account of fuch Exercife, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days ; and the Vice Treafurer for Ireland is hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Warrant thereon from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to caufe to be iffued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund in Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Enfign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Affillant Surgeon, and alfo at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight during which fuch Men fhall be ablent from Home on account of their Attendance at fuch Place of Annual Exercife.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That all Sums of Money granted Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the faid Militia for Pay,&c. to as aforefaid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeants of the be 'ffued under^ faid Militia, fhall be ilfued and paid under the Direction of the Lord Lieu^1 Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tenant, time being, who is and are hereby empowered to ilfue fuch Regulations as he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

XXIII. And be it further enaded, That the Lord Lieutenant LordLieute-or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time nant, on receive '	'	being,	ing a Certificate

Hosted by Google

C. 103,104.

57° GEO. III.

from the Colonel, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, fhall iffae Money for the Payment.

49 G. 3. c.120.

§6.

Regulation as to Ordinary Efta-blifhment of Serjeants, &c. of the Militia.

A.D.1817.

being, as foon as he or they fhall receive a Certificate under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the refpe&ive Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, which Certificate fhall fpecify the Number of Serjeant Majors, Quarter Mailer Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men for whom the fame fhall have been fupplied, fhall iffue a Warrant to the Vice Treafurer for Ireland for Payment of the fame; and the faid Vice Treafurer upon receiving an Order from the faid Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Perfon or Per-fons who furnifhed the faid Cloathing, fhall caufe the Sum mentioned in fuch Warrant and Order to be paid to the Perfon entitled to receive the fame, provided the faid Cloathing fhall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed ; and fuch Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Perfon receiving the faid Money, fhall be a fufficient Voucher for fiich Payment.

CAP. CIV.

An A£l to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilft difembodied.

[1 ith July 1817.]

4 \X^HEREAS by an A£t patted in the Forty ninth Year of 4 VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for amending 4 and reducing into One Aft of Parliament the feveral Laws for 4 raifmg and training the Militia of Ireland ; it is amongfl other 4 things ena&ed, that the Ordinary Eflablifhment of Non Com-4 miftioned Officers in each Company in the faid Militia fhall be c Sixty five Privates, Four Serjeants, Five Corporals and Two 4 Drummers : And Whereas it may not be found necettary to have 4 fo great a Proportion of permanent Serjeant6, Corporals or Drum-4 mers in the faid Militia whilft the fame is difembodied Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority' of the fame, That from and after the patting of this Aift no Vacancy which fhall or may occur by the Death or DifmifTal or Removal of any Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, of any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, which fhall not be embodied and called out into adlual Service, fhall be fupplied or filled up until the Numbers of fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers fhall be reduced below the Number of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every Thirty Private Men, and One Drummer to every Company; and that from and after fuch Redudlion by Death, DifmifTal or Removal as aforefaid, the Ordinary Eftablifhment of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in every Company of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, while the fame fhall be difembodied and fhall not be called out into actual Service, fhall confift of One Serjeant and One Corporal, and no more, to every Thirty Private Men, and One Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer to each Flank Company; and if it fhall happen that there fhall then remain a Surplus of Fifteen Private Men and lefs than Thirty, every fuch Regiment fhall and may in fuch cafe have One additional Corporal for fuch Surplus

Number

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° geo. nr.

C.104, 105.

395

Number of Men ; and when any fuch Regiment of Militia fhall be drawn out into actual Service, fuch Addition fhall be made thereto that there fhall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty Private Men, and Two Drummers to every Company.

CAP. CV.

An Adt to encourage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings in Ireland.	[11 th July 1817.]

C WI ^ ERE AS certain Provident Inftitutions or Banks for c VV Savings have been and may be eftablifhed in Ireland for the ( fafe Cuflody and Increafe of fmall Savings belonging to the in-c duftrious Claffes of Hi9 Majefty’s Subjects there ; and it is ex-< pedient to give Protection to fuch Inftitutions and the Funds * thereby eftablifhed, and to afford Encouragement to others to 6 form the like Inftitutions May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enadted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Number of Perfons who have formed or fhall form any Society in any Part of Ireland, for the Purpofe of eftablifliing and maintaining any Inftitution in the Nature of a Bank, to receive Money for the Benefit of the Perfons depofiting the fame, and to accumulate the Produce of fo much thereof as fhall not be required by the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, to be paid in the Nature of Compound Intereft, and to return the whole or any Part of fuch Deposits, and the Produce thereof, to the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, deducting only out of fuch Produce fo much as fhall be required to be fo retained for the Purpofe of paying and difcharging the necefiary Expences attending the Management of fuch Inftitutions, according to fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations as fhall have been or fhall be eftablifhed for that Purpofe, but deriving no Benefit whatfoever from any fuch Depofit or the Produce thereof, fhall be defirous of having the Benefit of the Provifions of this A<ft, fuch Perfons fhall caufe the Rules, Orders and Regulations eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed for the Management of fuch Inftitution, to be entered, depofited and filed in manner hereinafter directed, and thereupon fhall be deemed to be entitled to and fhall have the Benefit of the Provifions contained in this A<ft.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena<fted, That no fuch Inftitution as aforefaid fhall have the Benefit of this A (ft, unlefs the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of fuch Inftitution to be appointed for that Purpofe, and which Book or Books fhall be open at all feafonable times for the Infpe<ftion of the Perfons making Depofits in the Funds of fuch Inftitution ; and unlefs fuch Rules and Regulations fhall be fairly tranfcribed on Parchment, and fuch Tranfcript fhall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuch Inftitution fhall be eftablifhed ; which Tranfcript fhall be filed by fuch Clerk of the Peace, with the Rolls of the Sefiions of the Peace in his Cuflody, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in refpe<ft thereof; but neverthelefs nothing herein contained /hall extend to prevent any

Alteration

Perfons forming Societies according to the Provifions herein prelcribed, entitled to the Benefit of this Aft.

Rules,&c.cf the Inftitution to be entered in a Book,and a Copy depofited with the Clerk of the Peace,

and filed. No Fee.

Hosted by Google

C. 105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Provifo for Alterations, Sec. in Rules, &c.

New Rules,Sec. to be entered,

6cC. as before mtniioned.

Officers of the Inftitution nut to have any Benefit therein.

Exception.

Rules to be binding.

Entry of Rules, tcc. or Copy thereof, &c. to be Evidence of fuch Rules.

No Certiorari.

Fee.

No Stamp Duty.

Shares of Minors may be paid to them.

Alteration in or Amendment of any fuch Rules, Orders or Regulations fo entered and depofited and filed as aforefaid, or repealing or annulling the fame or any of them in the whole or in part, or making any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any fuch Inftitution, in fuch manner as by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inftitution fliall from time to time be provided ; but fuch new Rules, Orders and Regulations, or fuch Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rules, Orders or Regulations, in the whole or in part, {hall not be in force until the fame refpedlively fhall be entered in fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, and a Tranfcript or Tranfcripts thereof fhall be depofited with fuch Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, who fhall file the fame without Fee or Reward as aforefaid.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no fuch Inftitution as aforefaid fliall have the Benefit of this A& unlefs it fhall be exprefsly provided by the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, that no Perfon or Perfons being Treafurer or Truftee or Manager of fuch Inftitution, or having any Controul in the Management thereof, fhall derive any Benefit from any Depofit made in fuch Inftitution, but that the Perfons depofiting Money therein fliall have the foie Benefit of fuch Depofits and the Produce thereof; fave only and except fuch Salaries and Allowances, or other neceftary Expences as fhall, according to fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, be provided for the Charges of managing fuch Inftitution, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclulive of the Treafurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfon having Dire&ion in the Management of fuch Inftitution, who fliall not, directly or indire&ly, have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatfoever therefrom, beyond their extra Expences, for the Purpofes of fuch Inftitution.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations from time to time made and in force for the Management of any fuch Inftitution as aforefaid, and duly entered in fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, and depofited with fuch Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, fhall be binding on the feveral Members and Officers of fuch Inftitution, and the feveral Depofitors therein and their Repre-fentatives, all of whom fhall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by fuch Entry and Depofit as aforefaid ; and the Entry of fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations in fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, or the Tranfcript thereof, depofited with fuch Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, or a true Copy of fuch Tranfcript, examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, fhall be received as Evidence of fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations refpe&ively in all cafes ; and no Certiorari fhall be brought or allowed to remove any fuch Rules, Orders or Regulations into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record ; and every Copy of any fuch Tranfcript depofited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid fhall be made without Fee or Reward, except the adtual Expence of making fuch Copy 5 and fuch Copy fhall not be fubjetft to any Stamp Duty.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Managers of any fuch Inftitution fhall receive any Depofit of Money from or for the Benefit of any Perfon under the Age of Twenty one Tears, it fhall be lawful for the Managers of fuch Inftitution to pay to fuch Perfon

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 105.

397

fon his or her Share and Interefl in the Funds of fuch Inllitution, and the Receipt of fuch Perfon fhall be a fufficient Difcharge, not-withflanding his or her Incapacity or Difability in Law to adl for him or herfelf.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for any Friendly Society eflablifhed under and by virtue of any Adl or Adis in force in Ireland, relating to Friendly Societies, from time to time to fubfcribe the whole or any Part of the Funds of fuch Friendly Society, as they fhall from time to time dire61, through their Trea-furer, Steward or other Officer, into the Funds of any Inllitution which fhall take the Benefit of. this A6t, and which fhall be willing to receive the fame, under fuch Terms and Conditions as fhall be fpe-cially provided for that Purpofe by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inllitution : Provided always that the Receipt or Difcharge of the Treafurer, or other Officer of fuch Friendly Society for the time being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds or other Security, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Re-quifition of fuch Treafurer, or other Officer apparently authorized to require fuch Payment, Transfer or Delivery, fhall be fufficient Difcharge for the fame ; and the Inllitution in which fuch Depofit fhall be made fhall not be refponfible for any Mifapplieation of any fuch Money, Stock or Security, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be fo paid, transferred or delivered, or for Want of Authority of the Perfon or Perfons requiring or receiving fuch Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

VII.	And be it further ena£led, That if any Treafurer or Trea-furers, or other Officer or Officers, or other Perfon whatfoever, who fhall be intrufled with the Receipt or Cuflody of any Sum or Sums of Money fubfcribed or depofited for the Purpofes of fuch Infti-tution, or any Intereft or Dividend from time to time accruing thereby, fhall be required by the Rules or Regulations of fuch In-flitution to become bound with Sureties, for the juft and faithful Execution of fuch Office or Truft, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be required by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inllitution, fuch Security fhall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place where fuch Inllitution fhall be eflablifhed for the time being, without Fee or Reward ; and in cafe of Forfeiture it fhall be lawful for the Perfons authorized for that Purpofe by the Rules, Regulations and Orders of fuch Inllitution, to fue upon fuch Bond or Bonds in the Name of fuch Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and to carry on fuch Suit at the Colls and Charges and for the Ufe of the laid Inllitution, fully indemnifying and laving harmlefs fuch Clerk of the Peace from all Colts and Charges in refpedl of fuch Suit ; and no Bond or ether Security to be. fo given fhall be fubjedl to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enadled, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and EfFedls whatever, and all Securities for Money, or other obligatory Inflruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effedts whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or held by fuch [nftitution fhall be veiled in the Truflee or Truftees of fuch Inllitution for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Inllitution and the refpedlive Depolitors therein, their refpedtive Claims and latere 1L ;

Friendly Societies may fubfcribe any Portion of their Funds into the Funds of Provident Inftitutions,

Provifo as to Receipt of Treafurer being a Difcharge.

Treafurers, &c. to give Security, if required by the General Rules.

Effects of Infli-tution to be veiled in Truftees for the time being, without frefh Alignment ;

Hosted by Google

C. 105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

except as to Transfers of Stock in the Public Funds, & c.

Truftecs may brin? and defend Actions, &c.

No Abatement by Death or Removal of Trufi.ee.

Coft?.

Truftees not to depofit Money pf Inftitution with Bankers, &c.

Exception.

In what cafe Bank of IreUnd to open an Account called ‘ The Fund for the Banks for Savings.’

terefts ; and, after the Death or Removal of any Truftee or Truftees, fhall veil in the fucceeding Truftee or Truftees, for the fame Eftate and Intereft as the former Truftee or Truftees had therein, and fub-jedl to the fame Trufts, without any Affignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stock and Securities in the Public Funds of Ireland, and alfo fhall for all Purpofesof Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywife touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and taken to be, and fhall in every fuch Proceeding (where neceflary) be ftated to be the Property of the Perfon or Perfons appointed to the Office of Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inftitution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names without further Defcription ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall and they are hereby refpedlively authorized to bring or defend, or eaufe to be brought or defended, any Adtion, Suit or Pro-fecution. Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforefaid, of or belonging to or had by fuch Inftitution ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo appointed fhall and may, in all cafes concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforefaid of fuch Inftitution, fue and be fued, plead and be impleaded, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inftitution, without other Defcription ; and no fuch Suit, Action or Profecution fhall be difcontinued or abate by the Death of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Removal from the Office of Truftee or Truftees as aforefaid, but the fame fhall and may be proceeded in by the fucceeding Truftee or Truftees in the proper Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons commencing the lame, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding ; and fuch fucceeding Truftee or Truftees fhall pay or receive like Cofts as if the Adfion or Suit had been commenced in his, her or their Name or Names, for the Benefit of or to bereimburfed from the Funds of fuch Inftitution.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful to and for the Truftee or Truftees, Manager or Managers for the time being of any fuch Inftitution as aforefaid taking the Benefit of this Adi, at any time to place or depofit any Sum of Money which fhall have been paid to fuch Inftitution by any Depofitor, or any Intereft or Profit arifing therefrom, in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, except as hereinafter provided, or upon any Perfonal Security, except fuch Sums of Money as from time to time fhall neceffarily remain in the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers of fuch Inftitution to anfwer the Exigences thereof.

X.	And be it enadted, That the Truftees of any Inftitution which fhall take the Benefit of this Adi, in manner hereinbefore provided, fhall be and they are hereby empowered to pay into the Bank of Ireland any Sum or Sums of Money, not being lefs than One hundred Pounds, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the faid Truftees of fuch Inftitution, or any Two or more of them, that fuch Monies belong excliffively to the Inftitution for which fuch Payment is intended to be made ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Ireland are hereby required to receive all fuch Monies, and to place the fame into a new and feparate Account to be railed in the Names of the faid Commiffioners for the time being in the Books of the

14	Bank

Hosted by Google

399

A.D.1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C.	105.

Bank of Ireland\ to be denominated 4 The Fund for the Banks for 4 Savings.'

XI.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That previous to any Payment being made into the Bank of Ireland as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons applying for that Purpofe fhall in all cafes produce to the Officer of the faid Commiffioners, at their Office in Dublin, an Order according to the Form in the Schedule to this Adt annexed, marked (A.) under the Hands of Three of the Truftees of fuch Inflitution, on the Account of which fuch Payment is to be made; and on the Production of fuch Order to the faid Officer, he fhall grant his Certificate in the Form exprefled in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, marked (B.) ; and upon the Delivery of the Certificate granted to the Party by the faid Officer, and Payment of the Sum exprefled therein at the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the faid Commiffioners, the faid Officer fhall and he is hereby required to make out, within Five Days after fuch Payment, and to deliver to fuch Perfon or Perfons producing the faid Certificate, a Debenture containing a Receipt, figned by One of the Cafhiersof the Governor and Company of the Bank of Irelandy for the Amount of fuch Payment, carrying Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem, payable with the Principal, at the Bank of Irelandy on the Fifth Day of April then next following, to be dated on the Day on which fuch Payment or Payments fhall be made ; which faid Debenture fhall be in the Form fpecified in the Schedule to this Adt annexed, marked (C.) ; and the Principal and Intereft of all fuch Debentures fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and they are hereby charged and made payable out of the Monies or Funds Handing in the Names of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the Bank of Ireland.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Truftees of any fuch Inflitution, or any Two or more of them, to demand Payment at any time, other than on the Fifth Day of April in every Year, of the faid Caffiier or Cafhiers, of the Principal Sum fpecified in any Debenture or Debentures ifTued in purfuance of the Provifions of this Adt, together with all the Intereft due thereon, computing fuch Intereft from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclufive, up to and including the Five Days following the Date of the Order of the faid Truftees demanding fuch Payment.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That previous to the Payment of the Principal of any fuch Debenture or Debentures, together with the Intereft due thereon as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons applying to receive the fame fhall in all cafes produce to the Officer of the faid Commiffioners at their faid Office an Order indorfed on the Back thereof under the Hands of Three Truftees of the Inflitution for which fuch Payment fhall be demanded, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Adt Annexed, marked (D.); and the faid Officer fhall and he is hereby required, within Five Days after the Receipt of fuch Order, to grant his Certificate to the Perfon or Perfons applying in the Form ipecified in the Schedule to this Adt annexed, marked (E.); and upon the Produdtion and Delivery at the Bank of Ireland of fuch Certificate, the faid Caffiier or Cafhiers fhall thereupon pay fuch Principal and Intereft out of any Monies Handing in the Names of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the Bank of Irelandy or

from

Previous to fuch Payments into the Bank, an Order to be produced, and a Certificate granted ;

afterwards the Commiffioners to iftue Debentures in favour of fuch Saving Banks, bearing Intereft at 3d. per Cent, per Diem.

Form of Debenture.

Truftees may demand Payment of Principal and Intereft fecured by Debenture.

Mode of Application for Payment of Debentures with Intereft.

Hosted by Google

C. 105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

New Debentures may be granted.

Monies paid in on Saving Bank Account to be invefted in Stock, and carried to a new Account.

Debentures not transferrable.

Debentures not liable to Stamp Duty, and if loft. Duplicate Debenture may be granted.

Falle Declaration to obtain Debentures,

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

from the Sale of Stock purchafed with the Monies originally invefted in any Debenture or Debentures as aforefaid, as the faid Comnlif-fioners (hall diredl : Provided neverthelefs, that if at any time the faid Truftees (hall require a new Debenture or Debentures in lieu, of the Debenture or Debentures to be paid off (and the fame being* fo expreffed in the faid Order of the faid Truftees), it (hall be lawful for the Officer of the faid Commiffioners to make out and deliver to the Perfon or Perfons applying to receive the fame, a Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, in lieu of paying the Amount of fuch original Debenture in Money.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiffioners (hall caufe all the Monies paid into the Bank of Ireland, and placed to their Account in purfuance of the Provifions of this Adi, to be invefted from time to time in the Purchafe of Three Pounds and Ten. Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to a new and feparate Account, under the Title of ‘ Saving * Bank Account and the Intereft which fhall arife from time to time and become due thereon, (hall in like manner be invefted in the Purchafe of like Bank Annuities as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That no Debenture or Debentures iffued under the Provifions of this Adi fhall be transferrable or affignable, but every fuch Debenture or Debentures (hall remain and continue , to be the adlual Property of the Truftees of the Saving-Bank or Banks, on the Account of which every fuch Debenture or Debentures was or were originally iffued, until the fame fhall be adlually paid off.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That no Debenture or Debentures, nor any Order or Orders required from the Truftees of any Saving Bank, iffued or produced in purfuance of this Adi, (hall be fubjedl or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever ; and that if any Debenture or Debentures iffued under the Provifions of this Adi (hall be loft or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, upon fatisfadlory Evidence being produced by the Party, and good and fufficient Security given to the faid Commiffioners, to diredl the faid Officer to grant a Duplicate Debenture to the Party applying, under the fame Regulations as by this Adi are required for the Iffue of an original Debenture.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Order and Declaration produced to the faid Officer, for the Purpofe of paying Monies into the faid Bank to the Account of the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, (hall contain any matter or thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, then and in every fuch cafe the Sum fo paid, and alfo the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, fhall be forfeited to the faid Commiffioners ; which Penalties refpedlively fhall be fued for, recovered and applied in the manner diredled by this Adi.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Adi fhall be recoverable in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General in Ireland, on the Part of His Majefty by Information in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin ; and fuch Penalty and Forfeiture-fhall go and belong to the faid Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, and fhall be applied to the fame Purpofes and under the fame Regulations as any other Monies paid into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account or the faid Commiffioners, under the Provifions of this Adi: Provided

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. Ill

C. 105,

401

vided always, that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commillioners to Reward to caufe fuch Reward as they (hall think fit, not exceeding One Moiety Informers, of any fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fo recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in refpedt of fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX. And be it further enadted, That the foliovving Account Account of all fhall be prepared by the faid Commifiioners for the Reduction of the Monies received National Debt, and fhall be annually laid before both Houfes of by Com million-Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every ^^^rot^tlona Year, if Parliament fhall be fitting, and if Parliament fhall not be Truftees offn-fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the ftitutions to be then next Seflion of Parliament ; videlicet, an Annual Account, made laid before up to the Fifth Day of January in every Year of all Sums of Parliament. Money which fhall have been received by the faid Commifiioners from the Truftees of any Inftitution or Inflitutions aforefaid, in purfuance of this A6t, fhewing the Amount of all Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities which fhall have been purchafed by the Application of fuch Sums, and the Amount of Intereft or Dividends receivable thereon by the faid Commif-fioners ; and diftinguifhing in fuch Account the Amount of Intereft payable by the faid Commifiioners on all Debentures iffued to the laid Truftees as aforefaid within the fame Period, and terminating on the Fifth Day of January in every Year.

c XX. And Whereas it is expedient to provide again ft an im-< proper Inveflment of Monies under the Provifions of this Adt ;*

Be it therefore further enadted, That the Privilege aforefaid of pay- providiug again#

ing Money into the Bank of Ireland, and of receiving Debentures an improper

for the fame, fhall be reftridted to fuch Inflitutions only which fhall Investment of

by One or more of their Rules provide that the Sums paid by Monies,

one Perfon in any one Year fhall not exceed the Sum of Fifty

Pounds in the whole from each Depofitor ; and it fhall be lawful

for the Commifiioners for the Redudtion of the National Debt,

previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Bank of

Ireland in purfuance of this Adt, to require the Produdtion of fuch

Rule or Rules fo limiting the Sums to be depofited to the Amount

above mentioned, certified under the Hands of Three of the Truftees

or Managers of each fuch Inftitution refpedtively, or any other Proof

they may think it necefiary to require.

XXL And be it further enadled, That upon every Change of a On Change of Truftee or Truftees, the preceding Truftee or Truftees, his or their Truftees, Stock Executors or Adminiftrators, fhall and do forthwith transfer all t0 be transferred Stock and Annuities in the Public Funds belonging to fuch Inftitu- truftees to the tion, from the Name or Names of fuch preceding Truftee or ]qamesofthe Truftees, to the Name or Names of the new Truftee or Truftees new Truftees who fhall be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned, or of fuch new and continuing Truftee or Truftees, and any continuing Truftee or Truftees, if Truftees, &c. any of the former Truftees fhall be continued, as the cafe fhall require, fo as to veft the fame in fuch new Truftee or Truftees, and the continuing Truftee or Truftees, as the cafe fhall happen ; and in cafe any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of any Part of fuch Stocks or Annuities fhall from time to time be diredted, according 57 Geo. III.	Dd	to

Hosted by Google

402

C.105.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181 f.

Truftees may execute a Letter of Attorney for that Purpofe.

Bankers in Ireland to pay In-tereft at 61. per Cent, per Annum for Money depofited in their Hands by Societies under this

Per fens intruded with EftxAs of Society to account and deliver up Effectswhen required.

Neglefling or refilling,

to the Rules, Orders and Regulations of filch Inftitution, every fuch Transfer or Sale (hall be made by the Truftee or Truftees in whofer Name or Names the fame fhall then ftand, or by fome Perfon or Per-fons duly authorized by fuch Truftee or Truftees, by Letter of At-torney executed as is required by Law in fuch cafes; and where any fuch Transfer or Sale as aforefaid (hall be made under or by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, fuch Letter of Attorney (hall not be fubje6t to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty what-foever.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That in case it (hall at any time appear expedient to any Society or Inftitution which may be efta-blifhed in Ireland under this A<ft, or to the Committee or Managers of fuch Society or Inftitution, to appoint any Banker or Bankers to be Treafurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Truftees of fuch Society or Inftitution, or to place in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, from time to time, any Portion of the Funds of fuch Society or Inftitution, not exceeding in the whole at any one time the Amount of Twenty per Centum, or One Fifth Part of the whole of the Funds of fuch Society or Inftitution, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Society or Inftitution fo to do, and for fuch Banker or Bankers, to pay and allow to fuch Society or Inftitution Intereft after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Money from time to time fo placed or remaining in the Hands of fuch Banker or Bankers; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Banker or Bankers to give and pafs one or more accountable Receipt or Receipts for all lucli Money fo depoftted or remaining in his or their Hands, any A6t of Parliament in force in Ireland, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perform and Perfons who fhall have or receive any Part of the Monies* Effe&s or Funds of or belonging to fuch Inftitution, or (hall in any manner have been or (hall be intruded with the Difpofition, Management or Cuftody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the fame, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns re~ fpetftively, (hall, upon Demand made in purfuance of any Order of the Committee of fuch Inftitution, or of any other delegated Authority 'as aforefaid, or at any General Meeting of the Managers thereof, give in his or their Account or Accounts to fuch Committee or other Authority as aforefaid, or to fuch General Meeting of the Managers of fuch Inftitution, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons who fhall be nominated to receive the fame, to be examined and allowed or difallowed by the faid Committee or Managers refpetftive-ly, and (hall on the like Demand pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and afiign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effefts or Funds, taken or Handing in his or their Name or NameB as aforefaid, or being in his or their Hands or Cuftody, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Committee or Managers of fuch Inftitution (hall appoint; and in cafe of any Neglect or Refufal to deliver fuch Account, or to pay over fuch Monies or to afiign, transfer or deliver fuch Securities, Effe&s or Funds in manner aforefaid, it (hall be lawful to and for the Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inftitution for the time being to exhibit a Petition to the Juftices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuch Inftitution (hall be

eftabli/hed.

Hosted by Google

C. 105*

403

eftablilhed, who (hall and may proceed thereupon in a fummary way, and make fuch Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to fuch Court in their Difcretion Hiall feem juft, which Order (hall be final and conclufive ; and all Alignments, Sales and Transfers made in purfuance of fuch Order (hall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further ena6led, That no Perfon who is or (hall be a Member of any Friendly Society, eftablifhed or to be efta-blifhed in Ireland under and by virtue of any A£t or Ails relating to Friendly Societies, (hall by reafon of fuch Perfon being or becoming a Depofitor in any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Ail, be confidered as fubjeit or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, declared or expreffed, or intended fo to be, by or in the Rules, Orders or Regulations of fuch Friendly Society ; any Rules, Orders or Regulations of fuch Friendly Society, made or hereafter to be made, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And be it further enailed, That in cafe any Depofitor in the Funds of any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Ail fhall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the faid Funds, or any Dividends or Intereft due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her Death, exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the fame (hall not be paid to any Perfon or Perfons as Re-prefentative or Reprefentatives of fuch Depofitor, but upon Probate of the Will of fuch Depofitor, or Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Eftate and Effeils: Provided always, that where the whole Eftate or Effeils of any fuch deceafed Depofitor, for or in refpeil of which any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration refpeilively ihall be granted, (hall be under the Value of Fifty Pounds Britifo Currency, no Stamp Duty (hall be chargeable thereon, nor upon any Legacy or Refidue or Part thereof bequeathed, nor upon any Share or Part of-the Eftate or Effeils to be paid or diftributed by or under fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration : Provided alfo, that in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration free of Stamp Duty, under this Ail, fhall exhibit to the Court or Perfon having Authority to grant the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration in fuch cafe, a Certificate of the Amount and Value of the Share and Intereft which the deceafed Depofitor had in the Funds of the faid Inftitution ; which Certificate fhall be granted in fuch Form and manner as (hall have been fettled by the Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Bye Laws of the Inftitutions refpeilively, and fhall be figned or teftified by fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be direiled therein ; and every fuch Certificate (hall be taken and received by the Court or Perfon having Authority to grant fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, as Evidence of the Amount or Value of the Shares and Interefts of the deceafed Depofitor in the Funds of the faid Inftitution.

XXVI.	And be it further enailed, That in cafe any Depofitor in the Funds of any fuch Inftitution (hall die, leaving a Sum of Money in the faid Fund, which, with the Intereft thereon, (hall not exceed in the whole Twenty Pounds, it (hall be lawful for the Truftees or Managers of fuch Inftitution, and they are hereby authorized and required, if no Will fhall be proved, or no Letters of Adminiftration fhall be taken out within Six Calendar Months after the Death of the faid Depofitor, to pay the fame according to

D d 2	the

General or Quarter Seflions may proceed in a fummary Way*

Members of Friendly Societies not liable to Forfeiture to fuch Societies by fubfcribing to any Inftitution under this A£t.

Share of Deceased, exceeding aol. not paid but upon Probale, &c.

When Property is under the Value of 50I. no Stamp Duty to be paid in cafes of Adminifba-tion.

Perfons fo claiming to exhibit Certificate of Amount of Share.

Such Certificate received as Evidence of Amount.

Where the Effe&s of a Per-forl dying in-teftate fhall not exceed 20I. Adminiftration not neceftary.

Hosted by Google

404

C. 103.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181J

Payments under Probates of Wills, &c. afterwards repealed, valid;

Remedy for Representative aeainft Perfen receiving.

Powers of Attorney by Truftees or Depofitors.

Receipts and Entries

free from Stamp Duty.

Where Roles direct an Arbitration, the Award to be final.

the Rules and Regulations of the faid Inftitutioii in fuch cafe made and- provided; and in the Event of there being no Rules and Regulations made in that behalf, then the faid Truftees or Managers are hereby authorized and required to pay and divide the fame to and amongft the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Effe&s of the deceafed Inteftate, according to the Statute of Diftributions.

* XXVII. And Whereas fuch Inftitutions may be fubjedl to e confiderable Lodes on Payment of Money or Transfer of Seen-6 rities to Perfons who may have obtained Letters of Adminiftration c of the Effects of a Depofitor, or Probate of a Will, or Tefta-

*	mentary Difpofition or fuppofed Will, or Teftamentary Difpo-

*	fition of fuch Depofits, which Letters of Adminiftration or Pro-

*	bate may afterwards be repealed or deemed null and void Be it farther enabled, That Payment or Transfer of any Money or Security for Money by any fuch Inftitution as aforefaid, to any Perfon or Perfons having any fuch Letters of Adminiftration or Probate of any fuch Will or Teftamentary Difpofition, granted by any Ecclefiaftical Court, and appearing to be in force, (hall be valid and effectual with refpe& to any Demand of any other Perfon or Perfons, as the lawful Representative or Reprefentatives of fuch Depofitor, againft the Funds of fuch Inftitution, or againft the Treafurer, Truftees or Managers thereof; but neverthelefs fuch lawful Reprefentative or Reprefentatives fhall have Remedy for fuch Money or Securities for Money, fo paid or transferred as aforefaid, Againft the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have received the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That no Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney, granted or to be granted by any Perfon otr Perfons as Truftee or Truftees of any Inftitution eftablifhed under this A£t, for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Public Stocks or Funds, ftanding in the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Truftee or Truftees, or of Exchequer Bills ; nor any Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney, given by any Depofitor or Depofitors in the Funds of fuch Inftitution to any other Perfon or Perfons, authorizing him, her or them to make any Depofit or Depofits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the faid Funds on the behalf of the faid Depofitor or Depofitors, or to fign any Document or Inftrument required by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of fuch Inftitution, to be figned on making fuch Depo-Lts, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money depoiited in the faid Funds or the Dividends or Intereft arifing therefrom ; nor any Receipts given for any Dividend or Dividends in any Public Stock or Fund, nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money deposited in the Funds of any fuch Inftitution, nor for any Money received by any Depofitor, his or her Executors or Adminiftrators, Afiigns or Attornies, from the Funds of fuch Inftitution, fhall be fubjetft or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties- whatsoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That where Provifion fhall be made by one or more of the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of any fuch Inftitution, and filed as .hereinbefore required, for a Reference to Arbitration of any Matter in Difpute between any fuch Inftitution, or any Perfon or Perfons a<fting under them, and any individual Depolitor therein, or any Executor, Admi-niftrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceafed Depofitor, oj

any

Hosted by Google

any Perfon claiming to be fuch Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in every fuch cafe the matter io in Difpute fhall be referred to fuch Arbitrator or Arbitrators as ihall have been named, according to the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of fuch Inftitution ; and whatever Award, Order or Determination ihall be made, according to the true Purport and meaning of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inftitution, ihall be binding and conclufive on all Parties, and ihall be final to all Intents and Purpofes, without any Appeal.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That this A<3 ihall be deemed Public Adi. a Public A61 and ihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and other Perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially ihewn or pleaded.

C, 105.	405

SCHEDULES.

(A.)

FORM of the ORDER for the Truftees to make Payments into the Bank of Ireland, to be produced to the Officer of the Com-miffioners there for the Reduction of the National Debt.

WE> being Three of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablifhed at [infert the Town and County], do, in purfuance of an A6t of the Fifty feventh George the Third, Cap. intituled [here infert the Title of this Ad] hereby authorize and diredl A. B. to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,	Pounds,

and to receive for the fame, on account of us the faid Truftees, a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem : And we hereby declare, that the Sum above ftated is the exclulive Property of the Saving Bank fpecified in this our Order, arifing wholly from individual Contributors, not exceeding the Amount fpecified in the Laid A£t for the Contribution of each Contributor.

Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

j.

B. -	-	-	>	Truftees.

(»•)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commiffioners, to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of Ireland.

J Do hereby certify, That it appears by an Order dated

produced to me conformably to the Provilions of an A61 of the Fifty feventh George the Third, Cap. intituled [here infert the Title of this Afi,] that Three of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablifhed at [infert the Town and County'] have authorized and dire&ed A. B. to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of	Pounds,	arifing from Con-

tributions not exceeding the Amount in the faid A61 mentioned, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem.

Witnefs my Hand,	A*	-	-	- Superintendant.

D d 3	IN-

Hosted by Google

406

C. 105.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.-

INDORSEMENT on the Back of the Truftees’ Order, upon the Receipt of the Debenture.

Received the Debenture within defcribed, in virtue of the aforegoing Order.

Witnefs my Hand,	A,	-	-	a&ing for the Truftees.

(C.)

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be iffued by the Officer of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt.

No. ----------*--- £ ------------------------

Received	of the Saving Bank efta-

blifhed at	in	the	County	of

Pounds, which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

A. B- -	-	-	Caihier.

W HE REAS by virtue of an ACt of the Fifty feventh George the Third, Cap. intituled \_here infert the Title of this Aft^, the Sum of	Pounds	hath	been	paid into the Bank

of Ireland, to ‘ the Account of the Commiffioners for the Re-6 duClion of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank,* eftablifhed at	in	the	County	of	I

Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds handing in the Names of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt at the Bank of Ireland, and entitles the faid Saving Bank to the Principal Sum of	Pounds, carrying an

Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem from the Day of the Date hereof, payable at the Bank of Ireland, at the Fifth Day of April next, to the Truftees or to their Ufe, by the Order of Three of fuch Truftees indorfed hereon; or the Principal Sum contained in this Debenture, and Intereft thereon at the Rate above ftated, is payable at the Bank of Ireland at any time upon the Production of fuch Order at the Office of the faid Commiffioners, the fame being indorfed under the Hands of Three of the Truftees of the faid Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Perfon producing the fame ; and the Intereft fhall in all cafes be computed to and include the Five Days following the Day of the Date of fuch Order.

Dated this	Day	of	A.	-	- Superintendant,

This Debenture is not transferrable nor affignable.

(D.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Truftees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

WE,’ Three of the Truftees of the Saving Bank within defcribed, do hereby authorize and direCt A. B. to demand [and receive both the Principal and Intereft of this Debenture in Money], or [and receive the Intereft due thereon in Money, and alfo a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Intereft], as the cafe may be. Witnefs our Hands, this Day of

A.

B,	-	-	-	V	Truftees	of the faid Saving Bank.

c........j

Dated the	Day	of

Hosted by Google

57" GEO. III.

C. 105, 106.

407

(E.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commiffioners to enable the Payment of the Principal and Interefl of the Debenture.

J Do hereby certify, That the Debenture No.	for	the Principal Sum of	Pounds,	hath	been delivered at the

Office in Dublin of the Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, conformably to an Order indorfed thereon under the Hands of Three of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftabliffied at \infert the Town and County] purfuant to the Provifions of an Adi of the Fifty feventh George the Third, Cap. intituled \infert the Title of this A3~\, and that the Interefl: due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the laid Order, amounts to	Pounds

Shillings and	Pence.

And I do further certify, That the faid Truftees have authorized and directed A. B. [to receive both the Principal and Intereft of the faid Debenture in Money] or [to receive a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of the faid Debenture, and alfo the Interefl due thereon in Money], Witnefs my Hand this

Day of	A.	-	-	- Superintendant..

The RECEIPT for the above Principal and Interefl mufl be acknowledged on this Certificate as follows :

Received in virtue of the Order fpecified in this Certificate [the Principal Sum of	Pounds	in Money, being the

Amount of the Debenture within defcribed] or [a new Debenture for the Sum of	Pounds, being of the like Amount,

and in lieu of the Debenture within defcribed], and alfo the Interefl <lue thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the faid Ord.r.	Witnefs my

Hand,	A. -	-	- adling for the faid Truftees.

ISee pojl, Cap. 130. a fimilar A3 for Saving Banks in England.]

CAP. CVI,

An Adi to provide for the Eftablifhment of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

[nth July 1817.]

*	TT7 HEREAS it is expedient that the diftreffed State of the

*	VV Lunatic Poor in Ireland ffiould be provided for p Be it therefore enabled by The Icing’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That at any time after the paffing of this A61 it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Confent of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, to diredl and order that any Number of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland ffiall be eredted and eftabliffied in and for fuch Diftri&s in Ireland as to the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council ffiall feem expedient ; and that every fuch Diftridt ffiall confift of the whole of Two or more Counties,

D d 4	or

Lord Lieutenant may direct any Number of Afylums for the Lunatic Poor to be exe&ed and eftabliflied.

Hosted by Google

408

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

C. ios.

Grand Jury at Aflizes to pre-l'ent fuch Sum as fhall he requi-fite for fuch Afyluni.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Money to be advanced out of the Confoiidated Fund,

After Afylum eredUtl, Grand Jury may prefent Sum iequir-ed for Repayment.

•Lord Lieutenant may appoint Dire6tors and Corrmuliioners for fuperintend-ing the Afylums.

or of One or more County or Counties, and One or more County or Counties of Cities or Towns, but fhall not include Part only of any County, County of a City or Town ; and that all Lunatic Poor within every fuch Diftridl refpedtively fhall be maintained and taken Care of in the Afylum belonging to fuch Diftridl ; and that every fuch Afylum fhall be fufficient to contain fuch Number of Lunatic Poor, not being lefs than One hundred nor more than One hundred and fifty in any one Afylum, as fhall feem expedient to fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council ; and every Order of Council to be made for fuch Purpofe fhall be publifhed in the Dublin Gazette.

II.	And be it further enadted, That any time after any fuch Order of Council fhall be made and publiihed in the Dublin Gazette^ it {hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the feverai Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns, within any fuch Diftridl, at any Aflizes, to prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be raifed off fuch Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns refpedlively, as fhall be requifite for defraying the Expences of erecting and eftablifhing fuch Afylum, and for maintaining the fame, to fuch Amount and in fuch Proportions as fhall be directed by any Order to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, to order and diredl that any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be advanced and iffued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Confoiidated Fund of the United Kingdom arifing in Ireland, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be named in any fuch Order of Council, or into the Bank of Ireland, in the Names of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, to be paid and applied for the Purpofe of erecting and eftablifhing any fuch Afylum for the Lunatic Poor in any fuch Diftridl in Ireland, in fuch Sums and at fuch times, and in fuch manner and Proportions, and under fuch Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, and to annex fuch Penalties for Breach of fet Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as to fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council fhall feem beft fuited for promoting the beneficial Purpofes of this Adf ; and after any fuch Afylum fhall be fit for the Reception of fuch Lunatic Poor, the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City or Town, within the Diftridl in and for which fuch Afylum fhall be eredted and eftablifhed, fhall prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money at the feverai enfuing Aflizes for the Repayment of the Money fo advanced, and at fuch times and in fuch Proportions as fhall be diredted by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enadfed, That it fhall and may b© lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Irelandy to nominate and appoint fuch Perfons as lie and they fhall think fit and proper to be Governors or Diredtors of every or any fuch Afylum in any fuch Diftridl, and alfo to nominate and appoint any Perfons not exceeding Eight in Number to be Commiflioners

for

Hosted by Google

A.D.181'7.

57° GEO. III.

C. 106,107.

409

for General Control and Correfpondence, and for the fuperintending and dire&ing the Erection, Edabliftiment and Regulation of all fuch Afylums ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Privy Council to make, frame and eftablifh, or upon the Suggeftion and Recommendation of fuch Commiflioners for General Control and Correfpondence to adopt and authorize any Rules and Regulations for the good Conduit and Management of fuch Afylums in general, or of any fuch Afylum in particular : Provided always, No Salary to that every Perfon who (hall be appointed to be a Governor or Di- Director, &c. redtor of any fuch Afylum, or to be one of the Commiffioners for fuch General Control and Correfpondence, (hall a£t without any Salary, Fee, Reward or Emolument whatfoever.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigatron of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public "Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raifed by fuch Prefentments.	[iith July 1817.]

6	IT7HEREAS it is expedient to provide for the regular and 6 VV deliberate Invedigation of the Neceffity and Propriety of c all public Roads, Buildings and Works which may be propofed * to be executed under the Prefentment of the feveral Grand Juries € in Ireland, under and by virtue of fundry Adts of Parliament Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful Magiftrates of for every Magidrate of every County, County of a City, and certain Qualifi-County of a Town in Ireland, within their refpedlive Jurifdidlion, fat^n.s to "I66* who (hall be feifed and podeded of a Freehold Edate in Fee S,imple	of

or Fee Tail in Podedion of the Annual Value of Three hundred Counties under Pounds at lead, or of a Leafehold Edate in Perpetuity, or for 36 G. 3. c.25. Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years not lefs than Twenty (JO Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds at the lead, or who (hall be Heir Apparent to any Perfon feifed or podeded of Freehold or Leafehold Edates of Double fuch Amount, or who (hall be entitled to a£t as a Magidrate for any County of a City or County of a Town, or for any City and Liberties, according to the Charter of Incorporation of fuch City or Town, although not podeded of a Freehold or Leafehold Edate to the feveral Amounts aforefaid, to ademble, and fuch Magidrates are hereby required to ademble, in the Court Houfes and other ufual Places of holding the Sedions in each and every County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the General Quarter Sedions of the Peace holden and to be holden in the month of April in each and every Year, (or in the Month of July in cafes hereafter provided for by this A£t,) after all the ufual Budnefs at fuch Sedions (hall have been completed ; and fuch Magidrates fo adembled (hall adjourn fuch Sedions for the Purpofes of this A£t from Place to Place, within every County of Ireland, until fuch Sedions (hall have been holden at all the feveral Court Houfes and other ufual Places of holding fuch Sedions in each and every Didrift within each County, under

Hosted by Google

C.107.

57° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1817*

36 G. 3. c. 25. (!•)

and proceed to confider Efti-mates of executing Public Works.

Magiftrates to be fworn to the Execution of this Aft.

Chairman to fend Lift figned of Magiftrates qualifying, to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Notice of Propofals for Public Works to be polled as herein mentioned.

the Provilions of an A<ft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the better and more convenient Adminifiration of Juf ice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a fummary Way at the. SeJJions of the Peace of the feveral Counties at large ‘within this Kingdom> except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Aft, intituled 6 An Aft for the better Execution of the Law ’and ( Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large p and fuch Magiftrates fhall have Power to adjourn from Day to Day only (except from Saturday to Monday), and from Place to Place, until fuch Seffions fhall be completed in every Diftridl of every County at large, and in every County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland; and fhall, at every fuch Seffions and Adjournment thereof, upon the Bench in open Court, proceed to take into Coniideration ail Propofals for the making or repairing of Roads, or for the executing of any public Works belonging to the County of a City, County of a Town, or Diftridl in which fuch Magiftrates are fo affembled; and alfo fhall proceed upon the Bench in open Court to fwear the feveral Perfons concerned to the Truth of fuch Affidavits as fhall be produced to fuch Magiftrates, with Reference to every fuch Propofal, according to the Directions of this ACt : Provided always, that fuch Magiflrate fhall prefide as Chairman at every fuch Meeting as fhall be chofen by the Majority of the Magiftrates then prefent.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That at the Firft Meeting of fuch Magiftrates at fuch Quarter Seffions (not lefs than Five Magiftrates being prefent) the Magiftrate appointed to be Chairman at fuch Meeting fhall take and fubferibe an Oath according to the Form in Schedule (A. No. 1.) to this A6t annexed, by and before any Two of the faid Magiftrates fo being prefent, (which Oath any Two of fuch Magiftrates are hereby authorized to adminifter) ; and after fuch Chairman fhall have been fo fworn, every Magiftrate who fhall attend at any fuch Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, fhall, before acting in Execution of this A<ft, take and fubferibe fuch Oath in like manner by and before iuch Chairman ; which Oath fuch Chairman (being previoufly fworn as aforefaid) is hereby authorized and required to adminifter.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Chairman prefiding at each and every fuch Meeting held under this A<ft fhall tranfmit to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or Town refpe&ively, a corredl Eift, figned by himfelf, of the Magiftrates who fhall have taken and fubferibed the faid Oath, which Lift fhall be laid before the Grand Jury by the faid Secretary at the enfuing Affizes.

IV.	And be it further ena<fted, That Notices in Writing of all Propofals for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houfes, Seffions Houfes, Bridges or Walls, or for executing any other public Works intended to be fubmitted to the Magiftrates at fuch Seffions, fhall be polled by or on behalf of the Perfons making fuch Propofals, on the Door of the Parifh Church, where there is any fuch Church in Repair, and where there is not any fuch Church in Repair, then on the Door of the next adjoining Parifh Church which is in Repair, and alfo on the Door of the Chapel of the Parifh to which fuch Propofal relates,

upon

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.107.

411

upon the Sunday Week immediately previous to the Firft Day of holding of fuch Seflions ; and a Copy of every fuch Notice fhall be given and delivered on or before the Saturday nexL immediately preceding fuch Sunday, by or on behalf of the Perfons making fuch Propofals, to the High Con liable of the Barony within which fuch Roads, Court Houfes, Seflions Houfes, Bridges, Walls or other Public Works fhall be refpedlively fituate.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it {hall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to prefent any Money for the making or repairing of any fuch Roads, or for the building of Court Houfes or Seflions Houfes, Gaols, Prifons, Bridges, Walls or other public Works, fave and except at the Summer Aflizes in each and every Year : Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to prefent Money for the neceflary Repairs of any Court Houfe, Seflions Houfe, Gaol or Prifon, and for the Salary of any Officers belonging to the fame, as well at the Spring Aflizes as at the Summer Aflizes in every Year.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this A€t contained fhall be conflrued to limit the Authority of Grand Juries in making any Prefentment at any Aflizes for the Repayment of any Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or for the raiflng of any Money for the Support and Maintenance of any Charitable Efta-blifhment, or for any Purpofes not fpecially provided for by this A£l, for which fuch Grand Jury are empowered to make any Prefentment by any A£t or Adis in force immediately before the palling of this Adi.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That when and as foon as Performs can be found properly qualified for the Office of County Surveyors, there fhall be attached to each and every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, a Surveyor of public Works, to be named and appointed from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, and to be removable by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and every fuch Surveyor fhall be folemnly fworn by the Foreman in the Prefence of the other Members of the Grand Jury of each and every fuch County, County of a City and Town, at the Aflizes for fuch County, County of a City or Town, next after fuch Surveyor fhall be fo named or appointed, according to the Form of Oath contained in the Schedule (marked A. No. 2.) annexed to this A61, which Oath fhall be entered, figned and attefled in the County Book; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Surveyor to aft in Execution of this A£l immediately upon his Appointment until the Aflizes then next enfuing; and it fhall be lawful for each and every Grand Jury refpe&ively, at every Aflizes for every County, County of a City or Town, to prefent any Sum, not exceeding the Sums hereafter refpedlively fpecified, as a Salary for every fuch Surveyor refpe&ively for the Half Year preceding fuch Aflizes, to be levied off fuch Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns refpe&ively ; that is to fay, off the Counties of Corky Donegaly Downey Galway, Kerry, Mayoy Tipperary and Tyrone, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds $ and off the

Counties

No Preferments for Money for Public Works, except at Summer Aflizes; except for Repairs and Salaries as herein mentioned.

Provifo for Pre-fentments for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order of Lord Lieutenant,&c.

Surveyor of Public Works to be appointed by Lord Lieutenant and fworn in each County.

Form of Oath.

Grand Jury may prefent Salary for Surveyor, • to be levied as herein mentioned.

Hosted by Google

412

C.I07.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

No Surveyor to be appointed that has not received a Certificate of his Qualification from a Board of Civil Engineers in Dublin, to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant.

Surveyors to have full Power of Confervators and Gverfeers.

Counties of Armagh, Clare, Derry, Limerick, Meath, Monaghan and Wexford, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds ; and off any other County at large in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds ; and off any County of a City or County of a Town, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds : Provided always, that no Perfon {hall be appointed to be fuch Surveyor of the Public Works, unlefs he {hall have been previouflv examined by a Board of Civil Engineers in Dublin, and fhall have obtained a Certificate from fuch Board, fetting forth that fuch Perfon hath been duly examined, and is qualified to undertake the Office of Surveyor as aforefaid ; and fuch Board of Civil Engineers or Per-fons appointed to condudl fuch Examination, and grant fuch Certificates as aforefaid, fhall confift of at leaft Three Civil Engineers, and fhall be appointed from time to time for fuch Purpofes by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and fhall a£t without any Salary or Emolument; and fuch Surveyor fhall be and he is hereby veiled with all Powers heretofore veiled in the Confervators of public Works in the feveral Counties in Ireland; and no Confervator of public Works fhall be appointed or fhall continue to a£l in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in or for which any fuch County Surveyor fhall be appointed under this A<ff ; and every fuch Surveyor fhall be taken and deemed to be an Overfeer of all or any public Works within the County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which he fhall be appointed, and fhall certify his Opinion upon fuch Works, as are hereinafter more particularly fpecified, and fhall have and keep an Office open for his regular Attendance on Bufinefs in the County Town of the County, or in the County of a City or County of a Town, for which he fhall be fo appointed, and fhall give his Attendance at all Affizes for the County, County of a City or Town, for which he fhall be appointed, for the Purpofe of being examined upon Oath or otherwife by the Court of Grand Jury, upon all or any Matters touching the Execution of his Office.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the fame Perfon to be appointed Surveyor to any Two Counties, or to any County, and alfo to any County of a City and County of a Town, if it fhall be thought expedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that in fuch cafe the Magiflrates required by this A<ff to affemble at the General Quarter Seffionsof the Peace in the Months of April or July in each Year fhall affemble iri one of fuch Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns, at the April Quarter Seffions, and in the other of fuch Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns at the July Quarter Seffions, in each and every Year; and that the faid feveral Seffions fhall be holden repe&ively in each fuch County, or County of a City or Town, in April or July refpe&ively, as fhall be fpecified for that Purpofe in the Appointment of fuch Surveyor ; and whereof Notice fhall be given by fuch Surveyor to the Clerk of the Peace of each fuch County, or County of a City or Town refpe&ively, Fourteen Days at leafl before the firfl Day of each fuch Seffion re-fpedlively.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe fuch Surveyor fhall difabled, he may ^fabled from giving his Attendance on account of Indifpofition,

eputeanot er. ^ ^ certified to the. Grand Jury upon Oath, it fhall and may be

lawful

To keep an Office open.

Same Surveyor may be appointed to Two Counties, &c.

In what Place Quarter Seffions in fuch cafe to afTemble.

Notice of Seflions.

If Surveyor be

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

C. 107.

413

57° GEO. III.

lawful for fuch Surveyor to depute another Surveyor to a& for him, fuch Surveyor fo deputed having been previoully examined by the Board of Civil Engineers as aforefaid, and having taken the Oath appointed for Surveyors, and having been likewife approved by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Oovernors of Ireland for the time being ; and fuch Surveyor, fo deputed, fhall be paid and fhall be entitled to receive the full Salary payable to the Surveyor by whom he fhall be fo deputed; and in cafe any Surveyor fhall be difabled by Indifpofition from Attendance on his Duty for Six Calendar Months fucceflively, a new Surveyor fhall be appointed in his Stead.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which any fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed, to prefent any Money to be levied for the erecting or repairing any Building, the Eflimate for which fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or for the laying out any new Road or Footpath, or for the widening an old Road, or lowering a Hill, or tilling up a Hollow, or filling up Grips, the Expence of which refpedlively fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, unlefs the Necefhty or Expediency of fuch Works refpedlively, together with the Plans (where any fuch Plans fhall be required by Law to be made) and Eftimates for the fame, fhall have been previoufly examined by fuch Surveyor ; and that in all cafes in which fuch Surveyor fhall not concur in the Neceflity or Expediency of the Work propofed, fuch Surveyor fhall attend the Grand Jury at the Afiizes, and fhall be examined by them touching the fame ; and that in all cafes where fuch Surveyor (hall approve of the Work being executed, but fhall difapprove of the Plan and Eflimate laid before him, it fhall be the Duty of fuch Surveyor to prepare a new Plan and Eflimate, or to alter the Plan and Eflimate which have been fo propofed to him in fuch manner as he fhall think fit and proper, previous to the fame being laid before the Grand Jury for their Decifion.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That every Perfon appointed to be Surveyor of public Works purfuant to this A& fhall lay before the Magiflrates affembled at every Special Sefiions authorized and required to be holden under this Adi, and alfo before the Grand Jury at every Afiizes, a full and particular Report of the feveral Duties of his Office performed by him fince his Appointment to fuch Office, or fince the Date of any former Report made by him at the Sefiions and Afiizes immediately preceding ; which Report fhall alfo contain a detailed Statement ol the Progrefs, Repairs, State and Condition of the feveral Court Houfes, Sefiions Houfes, Gaols, Bridewells, Roads, Bridges, Walls and other public Works within the County, County of a City or County of a Town, of which fuch Perfon fhall be Surveyor, for the Expences whereof the Grand Jury are by Law enabled or required to make any Prefentment ; fpecify-ing which of fuch public V/orks or Roads are of moil immediate Neceflity or Utility, and whether any others are required ; Hating alfo the feveral Roads or Lines of Communication which it may be neceffary to. open, and the Roads and Ways which it may be expedient to fhut up, or to turn or divert, or to leave to be repaired at private Expence only ; flating alfo the Names and De-fcriptions of all Perfons profecuted by fuch Surveyor for any injury

Qualification and Oath by fuch Deputy.

Perfon deputed (hall receive the Salary.

No Prefentment for any Building above the Sum of 2ol. or for the laying out a nesv Road or Footpath, See. unlefs examined by County Surveyor.

In what cafe Plan and £lli-mate may be altered, or new ones.

Surveyor to make a Report of the State of all Public Works, Roads, &c. within the County.

What fuch Report is alfo to contain.

Hosted by Google

C.107.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Roads (Exception) clafled in l'uch Repoit.

Report verified upon Oath if required by Grand Jury. Copy tranfmit-ted to Chief Secretary of Lord Lieutenant, &c.

Propofals for executing Work to be done by E him ate, vouched by an Affidavit.

Eftimates to be lodged with Surveyor, 8<.c. Six Weeks before the Seffion, &r.

Surveyor, &c. to arrange Efti-mates, and mkae feparate Schedules of the fame.

jury or Nuifance to fuch Roads, and before what Magiftrate, and with what Refult any Profecution for any fuch Offence was had, and generally Hating all Matters relating to the Office of fuch Surveyor, or heretofore belonging to the Office of Confervator of public Works : And in fuch Report all Roads (not being Turnpike Roads) {hall be clafled under the Three following Heads or Di-vifions ; Firft, The Direft or Pofl Roads, being fuch as form an immediate Line of Communication between the County Town and the City of Dublin, or between fuch County Town and any other County Town, or between fuch County Town and any Bog, or any Seaport or any Port or Place of Exportation fituate on any navigable River; Secondly, Crofs Roads, being fuch as form an immediate Line of Communication between the County Town and any Market Town, or between one Market Town and another, or between any Market Town and any Bog, or any Seaport or Port or Place of Exportation fituate on any navigable River ; Thirdly, Private or narrow Roads communicating between Market Towns and Villages or between Villages and Villages : And fuch Surveyor fhall alfo ftate in fuch Report what Turnpike Roads pafs through any Part of the County, and the Places within fuch County where fuch Turnpike Roads begin and end refpe&ively ; and every fuch Report fhall (if fo required by the Grand Jury) be verified upon the Oath of fuch Surveyor, which Oath the Foreman of fuch Grand Jury is hereby authorized to adminifter : And a Copy of fuch Report fhall be annexed to and printed with the Lift of Preferments made at fuch Aflizes, and fhall be tranfmitted to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and laid before Parliament in like manner as is required by Law with refpedt to fuch Preferments.

XII. And be it further enacted. That every Propofal for executing any Road or other public Work fhall be made upon an Efti-mate vouched by a grounding Affidavit, in fuch Forms as are now required by Law, or in fuch other Forms as may from time to time be dire&ed and authorized by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town ; and every fuch Eflimate and Affidavit fhall (in fuch Counties where any County Surveyor fhall be appointed purfuant to the Provifions of this A 61) be lodged with fuch County Surveyor, and in fuch Counties where it fhall happen that no fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed, fhall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace, Six Weeks at the leaft previous to the Fir A Day of the Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in the Months of April or July refpe&ively in each and every Year, purfuant to the Provifions of this A6t; and every fuch Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace (as the cafe may require) fhall immediately, upon the Receipt of fuch grounding Affidavits, arrange the fame to the beft of his Skill and Knowledge, according to the feveral DiftritAs in which they fhall be, to be taken into Confideration, and fhall number all fuch Affidavits, and fhall make Abftra<As of the Contents of the fame in feparate Schedules, according to the Number of Diftri&s, (that is to fay, One Schedule of the Abflradls of all fuch Affidavits for each Diftrift,) with a feparate Schedule for all fuch Presentments as are liable to be prefented, to be levied either on the County or Barony, at the Difcretion of the refpe&ive Grand Juries; and every Abftra6t in every fuch Schedule fhall be marked with

II	a	Number

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.107.

415

a Number correfponding with the Numbers indorfed upon the feve-ral Affidavits, and in fuch manner as that all the propofed Repairs on any Line of Road in any Diftridl (hall be placed in regular Order one after the other.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That the County Surveyor, or the Clerk of the Peace where no fuch Surveyor (hall be appointed, ffiall lay before fuch Magiftrates at fuch Seffions, and the feveral Adjournments thereof, all the Propofals, Affidavits and Eflimates which ffiall have been lodged with him as aforefaid, for executing public Works within the Diftridl or County of a City, or County of a Town, in which fuch Magiftrates ihall be fo aftembled, together with the Schedule of the fame fo made by him as aforefaid ; and the Opinion of fuch Surveyor refpedling all fuch Propofals, Affidavits or Eftimates ffiall be ftgnified at the Foot of every Affidavit relating to fuch Propofals or Eftimates in any County in which fuch Surveyor ffiall be appointed ; and fuch Magiftrates fo aftembled, or fuch Number as ffiall be prefent, being not lefs than Three, ffiall proceed, in open Court upon the Bench there, to take into Confideration and difpofe of all fuch Propofals whereof Notice ffiall have been polled and given in manner required by this Adi, and none others, fuch Notice to be proved to the Satisfaction of fuch Magiftrates ; and fuch of the faid Propofals as ffiall be approved by the Majority at fuch Seffions as aforefaid ffiall be figned by the Chairman, with the Word “ approved” prefixed, and all fuch Propofals as ftiall be difapproved by the Majority at fuch Seffions ffiall be figned by the Chairman, with the Word “ difapproved” prefixed; and fuch Chairman, in all cafes when the Numbers are equal, ffiall have a calling voice : Provided always, that all Affidavits relating to fuch Propofals for public Works ffiall be fworn before the Magiftrates aflem-bled as aforefaid within the Diftridl in which fuch Work is propofed to be executed, in open Court upon the Bench there j and that in all cafes the Chairman of fuch Meeting, and fome one other Magiftrate prefent at fuch Meeting, ffiall both of them fign the Jurat of every fuch Affidavit; and that fo foon as the Magiftrates aftembled at fuch Meeting ffiall have examined and decided upon all fuch Propofals for public Works in fuch Diftridts as ffiall be laid before them at fuch Meeting, the County Surveyor, or Clerk of the Peace where no fuch Surveyor ffiall be appointed, ftiall fill up in Writing the Form of Prefentment applicable to each Propofal, for the Execution of fuch Works as ffiall be approved of by fuch Magiftrates, in Conformity with the Opinion of the Magiftrates at fuch Meeting, fpecifying at the Head of each Prefentment the Adi under which luch Prefentment is authorized to be made by the Grand Jury ; and the Chairman of fuch Meeting ffiall deliver all fuch Propofals, whether approved or difapproved, together with the Affidavits, Eftimates, Specifications and Certificates relating to the fame, to the faid County Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace ; and all fuch Propofals, whether approved or difapproved, together with the Form of Prefentment relating to fuch of them as are approved, ftiall, by the faid Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace, be forthwith tranfmitted or delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be laid before them at the next enfuing Afiizes.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That it ftiall not be lawful for any Sheriff of any County, County of a City or County of a Town,

to

Schedules to be numbered with the fame Numbers as on Affidavits.

Surveyor, &c. to lay Propofals before Seffions;

together with Opinion of Surveyor.

Proceedings by

Magiftrates

thereon.

All Affidavits for grounding Prefentmentsto be fworn before Meetings of Magiftrates io the proper Diftridts.

Surveyor to fill up the Form of Prefentment according to the Opinion of the Meeting.

Propofals and Prelentments to be delivered to Secretary of Grand Jiwy.

Treafurer, Secretary, Col-ledlor,&c. not to

Hosted by Google

C. 107.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

be impannelled on a Jury.

Oath of Grand Jury, relating to Prelentments for railing Money, &c.

Grand Juror may difclofe Evidence given, &c. ?s to fuch Prefentments.

Secretary to Grand Jury to make Schedules, containing Ab-ftrads of all Applications and other matters herein mentioned.

to return upon any Pannel for any Grand Jury at any Afiizes in fuch County, County of a City or County of’a Town, any Perfon who fhall be either Treafurer of the County, Secretary of the Grand Jury, County Surveyor, Chief Conftable or Colle&or of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown and Clerk of the Peace.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That after the Commencement of this A<ft, each and every Grand Juror, immediately after being fworn before the Judge of Afiize, in fuch manner and Form as hath heretofore been praftifed according to Law at the feveral Afiizes in Ireland, fhall, in open Court at iuch Afiizes, alfo take the Oath foL 1 owing ; that is to fay,

‘ OU fhall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County, [or,

*	County of the City or County of the Town] of

‘ and true Prefentment make, of ail fuch matters and things as fhall

* he lawfully given to you in Charge, or as fhall come before you ‘ in any wife relating to the raifing of any Money upon the faid < County [or, County of City or County of Town] of

*	or upon any Barony, Half Barony, Diftritft or Parifh therein, or

*	relating to the accounting for the Expenditure of any fuch Money;

‘ You fhall not prefent, nor allow nor difallow any matter or thing,

4 nor fhall you leave any matter or thing unprefented which is pre-‘ fentable, through Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, nor through Fear,

*	Favour, Affection or Reward: But in all fuch things you fhall

*	prefent the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth,

‘ according to the bell of your Knowledge and Judgment.

‘ So help you GOD/

And it fhall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to difclofe any Evidence or other matter or thing whatfoever relative to the making or refufing of any fuch Prefentment, or relative to the accounting for the Expenditure of any Money raifed by Prefentment; any Law, Statute, Cuftom or Ufage whatever to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury fhall, forthwith after the Meetings of Magiftrates fhall have been held in the feveral Diftri£ts at the times fpecined, and that the feveral Propofals, Affidavits, Eftimates and Forms of Prefentments have been lodged with him as aforefaid, arrange and number all fuch Propofals* Affidavits, Eftimates and other matters relating to Prefentments, and fhall caufe Abftra£ts thereof to be made and inferted in Schedules, to be made (one for each Barony and Half Barony, and one for the County) with each Item feparately numbered, in a Series, correfpond-ing to the Numbers of the refpe&ive Affidavits or other matters to which every fuch Item fhall refpedlively relate, diftinguifhing by the Words “ approved” or “ difapproved” the Determination of the Magiftrates on every fuch Propofal, at any Meeting holden under this A£t, and ftating the Sum of Money required for each Item, and calling up the Amount of all fuch Sums at the Foot of each Page, and carrying forward the fame, fo as to fhew the total Amount of the Sum which is propofed or required to be raifed off the County at large, and the Sums propofed or required to be raifed in each Barony and Half Barony, and fpecifying the Amount of the Charge which fuch Amount would, if prefented, occafion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularizing and diftinguifhing the Charge propofed or

required

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.107.

417

required to be railed on. every Barony or Half Barony for their reflpedlive life, and the Proportion of the Sums fo to be raifed on the fame Barony or Half Barony arifing from the Charge on the County at large ; and fuch Secretary fhall caufe a Copy of fuch Schedules to be inferted in the County and Barony Books, according as the Charge fhall belong either to the County or Barony, always inferting in the County Book fuch as may be doubtful, as deperxling on the difcretionary Power veiled in Grand Juries ; and fuch Secretary fhall forthwith caufe a Number of Copies of fuch Schedules to be printed and diflributed, Fifteen Days at lead before the Commifiion Day of the enfuing Summer Afiizes, among the feveral Magiftrates of each Diftridl, and fuch other Perfons as ufually compofe the Grand Pannel of the County, County of a City or Town, to which fuch Secretary belongs, not exceeding Thirty Copies for each Barony and Half Barony; and fuch Secretary fhall likewife deliver a Copy of fuch printed Schedule to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, immediately after fuch Grand Jury fhall have been fworn, and alfo a Copy to the Judge of Aflize, immediately upon his opening the Com-mifiion, and fhall keep a Copy in his Office for the Infpe£tion of all whom it may concern ; and the faid Secretary fhall have fuch Copy ready for Infpedlion at his Office at all reafonable time9, after fuch Schedule has been printed, previous to fuch Afiizes.

XVII.	And be it further ena£ted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury at every Summer Afiizes (fo foon as the Grand Jury fhall be fworn at fuch Afiizes) fhall deliver all fuch Affidavits as have been fworn at any and every Seflions of fueh Magiftrates, together with the Form of the Prefentments on fuch of them as fhall have been approved of by the Magiftrates at any fuch Seflions to the Foreman of fuch Grand Jury, and fuch Grand Jury fhall proceed to take the fame into Confideration ; and fuch of the faid Prefentments as fhall be difapproved by fuch Grand Jury fhall and may be forthwith either altered or cancelled accordingly, and fhall, by the Secretary, be erafed from or altered in the County or Barony Books ; and fuch of the faid Prefentments as fhall be approved by the faid Grand Jury fhall be fandtioned, conformably to fuch Approval, by the Signature of the Foreman of fuch Grand Jury ; and it fhall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Prefentment in refpett of any Road or public Work, the Particulars of the Propofals relating to which fhall be entered in fuch printed Schedules, although any fuch Propofal for fuch Road or public Work fhall have been difapproved of by the Magiftrates at any fuch Seflions ; and alfo to pre-fent any fmaller Sum to be expended, or any lefs Number of Perches of Road to be made, widened or repaired, or any lefs Number of Perches of Fences to be made, or at a fmaller Rate by the Perch, than may be required or fet forth in any Affidavit and Eftimate on which any Prefentment fhall be grounded, or to prefent a Part only of any Sum required, according to the Difcretion of fuch Grand Jury, as they fhall think proper.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That no Prefentment fhall be taken into Confideration by the Grand Jury, nor fhall be fiated by the Court for any of the Purpofes aforbfaid, unlefs the Particulars of fuch propofed Prefentments fhall be entered in fuch printed Schedules ; fuch Prefentments, matters or things only excepted as Grand Juries are or may be authorized by Law to prefent, the Particulars of

57 Geo. IJI.	E	e	which

Copy of Schedules to be inferted in the County and Barony Books, and to be printed and diftributed.

Secretary to deliver a Copy of Schedule to the Foreman of Grand Jury and to the Judge of Affize, Scc.

Affidavits and Forms of Presentments delivered by the Secretary to the Foreman of the Grand Jury. Proceedings thereon.

Grand Jury may make Prefentment in refpedt of Public Works entered in fuch Schedules, although Propofals difapproved by Seflions.

No Prefentment to be confidered or fiated if not entered in printed Schedule, except fuch as are required by

Hosted by Google

418

c. 107.

570 GEO. III.

A.D. 1817'

I.jiw, and the Amount whereof could not be previoufly afcer-tained.

Grand Juries may prefent for ludden Damage to Bridges, See. although not entered in Inch Schedule,

Grand Jury may make Prefent* ments of Allowance to Clerk of Peace, &c.

but no Money prefentable for any Perfon holding Offices, un lefs he has made Affidavit as herein mentioned.

which and the Amount whereof cannot be afeertained under the Pro-vifions of this A&, until after the times refpedlively herein fpecified as aforefaid, or until after the Grand Jury fhall have been impan-nelled at the Afiizes ; all which Prefentments, matters and things fhall and may be prefented by fuch Grand Jury after being fo im-parmelled, although the Purpofe thereof fhall not be fpecified or referred to in any of fuch Schedules as aforefaid, and although no Particulars of the fame (hall have been delivered in manner required by this A€t with refpedt to any other Prefentments propofed or required to be made by fuch Grand Juries : Provided always, that if it fhall appear by the Oaths of Two credible Perfons, who occupy and pay Cefs for Ten Acres of Ground within fuch County, and by the Cer^ tificate of the County Surveyor, in any County where fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed, that any Road or any Bridge or Part of a Bridge* or Pipe, Arch or Gullet or Wall, fhall have been damaged by fudden Accident, after the time when fuch Schedule (hall have been printed,, and that it is abfolutely neceflary to rebuild or repair the fame before the Afiizes next following, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money as may be fufficient to rebuild fuch Bridge, Arch, Pipe, Gullet or Wall, and for the Court to fiat fuch Prefentment, although the Particulars of fuch Prefentment (hall not have been printed in fuch Schedule : Provided alfo, that it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at any Spring or Summer Afiizes, to prefent any Sum or Sums of Money, as may be fufficient for the Repair of any Road or the carrying on of any public Work in any County where a Surveyor fhall be appointed, upon the Certificate of fuch County Surveyor that fuch Repair is abfolutely neceffary, or that greater Expence would be, in the Opinion of fuch Surveyor, incurred by the Delay of fuch public Work, and on the Certificate of Two Magiftrates approving of the Amount of the Sum propofed to be expended ; any thing in this A£t contained to the contrary in anywife nolwith-ftanejing.

XIX* And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Summer Afiizes for any County in which no County Surveyor (hall be appointed* to prefent any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be railed off fuch County, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Clerk of the Peace for his Attendance at the preceding. General Quarter Seffions, and for the performing and executing the Duties required by this A61 to be performed by fuch Clerk of the Peace, in cafes where no fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed ; and it fhall and may alfo be lawful for any Grand Jury to prefent any Sum or Sums of Money in the Way of Salary, or any other Allowance, for the Payment or Remuneration of any Perfon holding or executing, or having held or executed, any Office for which fuch Salary or Allowance is claimed, as well at any Spring Afiizes as at any Summer Afiizes, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; but that no Prefentment (hall be made for any Payment or Remuneration to any fuch Perfon, unlefs there be an Affidavit of fuefi Perfon prefixed to the Form of fuch Prefentment when laid before fuch Grand Jury, fworn before a Juflice of the Peactf in Prefence of the Grand Jury, fetting forth, that fuch Officer; for whom the Money is required to be prefented, hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office, as prefcribec|

-	'	’	., by

Hosted by Google

57* GEO. III.

C. 107.

419

by Law, fincethe preceding Affizes ; and that he has entered into all fuch Recognizances for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, which by any Law he is required to do, to the beft of his Knowledge and Belief, fpecifying the Names of the refpe&ive Sureties ; and no Application (hall be made for any Prefentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Perfon at any Affizes whieh might have been applied and prefented for at any previous Affizes, unlefs the Perfon making fuch Application fhall make an Affidavit, Hating fome Rea-fons fatisfa&ory to the Grand Jury why fuch Application was not made at fuch previous Affizes; and if it fhall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration fhall be rejected or refufed by any Grand Jury at any Affizes, on Account of any Negle6l or Mifcondu6l in Office of the Party making fuch Application, it fhall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any fubfequent Affizes, to make any Prefentment for any fuch Salary or Remuneration in refpe£l of any Period previous to the Affizes at which fuch Application was reje&ed or refufed.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Accounts of the Expenditure of every Sum of Money prefented by any Grand Jury for the making or repairing of any Road, or executing any other Public Work within any Barony or Half Barony of any County, or within any County of a City or County of a Town, fhall be delivered by or on behalf of the Party accounting to the County Surveyor, in Counties where fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed, or to the Clerk of the Peace in Counties where it fhall happen that no fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed, Six Weeks at leafl before the Eirfl Day of the feveral General Quarter Seffions to be holden for the Purpofes of this A6f, in and for every Diftri£t of fuch County, or in and for fuch County of a City or County of a Town refpeftively, in the Months of April or July refpeftively next after the Summer Affizes at which fuch Prefentments fhall have been made ; and at every fuch Seffions all fuch Accounts, and all Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be verified by the Affidavit of the attending Overfeer appointed by the Grand Jury, and fhall be examined in open Court at fuch Seffions by the County Surveyor, in Counties where fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed ; and all fuch Affidavits fhall be fworn in open Court, and attefted by Two Juflices of the Peace attending at fuch Meeting, in the Prefence of each other ; and all fuch Accounts, and all Affidavits relating thereto, lhall be figned by the County Surveyor who fhall have examined the fame, where there fhall be fuch County Surveyor, and fhall be forthwith tranfmitted or delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury by fuch County Surveyor, or by the Clerk of the Peaee where no fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed, to be proceeded upon by fuch Grand Jury at the enfuing Summer Affizes, in fuch manner in all Refpe&s as is now required by Law with refpedf to accounting Affidavits laid before Grand Juries at any Affizes.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That no Affidavit accounting for the Execution of fuch Public Works as aforefaid fhall be allowed by the Grand Jury or Court at any Affizes for any County in which a County Burveyor fhall be appointed, unlefs fuch Surveyor fhall have previoufly certified at the Foot of fuch Affidavit, that in his Opinion fuch Work has been executed faithfully and honeftly, according to Prefentment; and in cafe of the Repairs of any Road, every fuch Affidavit (hall ftate, and fuch Surveyor fhall certify at the Foot

E e 2	thereof,

P: evifo where Application for Salary refufed by Grand Jury by reafon of Mifcondubt of Officer.

Account of Expenditure of Money in each Barony, verified by Affidavit, to be delivered to the County Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace for Examination, and tranfmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury.

Regulations as to the taking, of fuch Affidavits.

Proceedings on fuch Accounts, &c.

No Affidavit for accounting for the Execution of fuch Woks allowed, unlefs County Surveyor certifies. .

Hosted by Google

420

C. 107.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Accounting Affidavit may be traverfed, provided Notice given to the accounting Overfeer.

How fuch Trs-verfe is to be tried.

Fee on Traverfe.

Ccfts.

Sums not expended and accounted for within Two Years, to be prefented again3 &c.

Provifo as to Monies raifed by Inftalments.

Where Baronies confill of diftinit and unconnected Parts, the Sums to be railed on them may he apportioned.

thereof, that he is fatisfied that the Parts of the Roads fo repaired were the worft, and fuch as mod required Repair, between the given Points fpecified in fuch Affidavit.

XXII. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon occupying or paying Cefs for Ten Acres of Ground to appear at any fuch Affizes, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any accounting Affidavit there produced, on the Ground of the Infufficiency of the Execution of the Work to which fuch Affidavit fhall relate ; provided that the Perfon offering to controvert the Truth of fuch Affidavit as aforefaid fhall have given Notice in Writing of his Intention fo to do, to the accounting Overfeer, before the Firft Day of fuch Affizes; and whenever any fuch Perfon fo having given Notice as aforefaid fhall fo appear and offer to controvert the Truth of fuch Affidavit, it fhall be lawful for the Court at fuch Affizes, and they are hereby required, to try the Truth of the Fa£f or Fa£ts alleged in Controverfion of the Truth of fuch Affidavit, by a Jury, in the fame manner as any Traverfe of any Action within the JurifdiCtion of fuch Court ought to be tried at fuch Affizes; and in cafe the Truth of fuch FaCt or FaCts fhall be found, the accounting Affidavit fhall be difallowed accordingly ; and it fhall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, or any other Perfons, to take or receive, upon fuch Traverfe, any Fee for or in refpeCt of any fuch Traverfe exceeding the fmallefl Sum which may be taken by Law upon any Traverfe within the JurifdiCtion of fuch Court; and it fhall be lawful for the Court before which fuch Trial fhall be had, to give fuch Coils either to the Party controverting fuch Affidavit, in cafe fuch Affidavit fhall be difallowed, or to the accounting Overfeer in cafe fuch Affidavit fhall be allowed, as fuch Court fhall in either cafe think fit and reafonable.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever and fo often as it fhall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore prefented, or hereafter to be prefented, to be raifed off any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, fhall not be expended agreeable to fuch Prefentment, and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after fuch Prefentment fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and they are hereby required, again to prefent fuch Sums of Money, to be applied to other Purpofes, and in like manner to prefent any Saving which may be made on any Prefentment; to be expended upon fome other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or fuch Saving was prefented to be raifed, or within the County, if raifed on the County at large : Provided always, that where Sums are prefented to be raifed by Inftalments for executing any Public Work, it fhall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to prefent fuch Sums for other Purpofes in manner aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Commencement of this ACt, in all cafes where any Barony within any County fhall conftft of any Two or more diftinCt and unconnected Parts, being more than Five Miles diftant from each other, and the Grand Jury fhall he of Opinion that it would be convenient and expedient to confider fuch unconnected Parts as feparate Baronies or Half Baronies, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Grand Jury to prefent any Sums to be raifed upon fuch Barony, in fuch manner that

a Pro-

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

G 107.

42 i

a Proportion of fuch Sum may be raifed on each of fuch unconnected Parts of fuch Barony, in like manner as\if fuch Parts were feparate and diftinft Baronies or Half Baronies; and the fame fhall be raifed and levied accordingly ; any former Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XXV. And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where, upon tn cafe of Per-any Affidavit for grounding any Prefentment, or for accounting for jury>Grand public Money, it (hall appear to the Grand Jury that the Perfon or JurT Pre" Perfons making fuch Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and p'oVeciufon.6 ° corrupt Perjury, it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, with the Confent of the Judge, to make fuch Prefentment for defraying the Profecution of fuch Delinquent as to them may feem fitting and expedient.

4 XXVI. And Whereas it is* expedient that Regulations ffiould 4 be made for further fecuring the Refponfibility of Treafurers and 6 ColleCfors of Money raifed by Prefentment in the feveral Counties 4 in IrelandBe it therefore enabled, That from and after the ter- Treafurer, &<v mination of the feveral Spring Affizes which will be in the Year to g'ye Securities One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, it fhall not be lawful for Recognizance ^ any Perfon to a61 as Treafurer of or for any County, County of a '

City or County of a Town in Ireland, or as Collector of any public Money in any fuch County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony or Half Barony, Parifh, Tow-nland, Diftridt or Divifion of any County at large, unlefs the Security to be given by fuch Treafurer or Collector and their Sureties fhall have been previoufly approved by His Majefty’s Attorney or Solicitor General for Ireland, or by fomeone of His Majefty’s Serjeants at Law in Ireland, teftified by an Opinion in Writing, figned by fome one of fuch Perfons, figni-fying their having examined and approved fuch Security, which Opinion fhall be laid before the Grand Jury, and the Judge at the enfuing Affizes ; nor unlefs fuch Treafurers and Collectors fhall have given Security, with Two Sureties (in fuch Sum as the Grand; Jury fhall require), by Recognizance to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, conditioned for the due Performance of their Office, and duly accounting for all Monies received by them on. the Account of fuch County..

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the Treafurer, &e. termination of the feveral Spring Affizes which will be in the Year 2?^° be a One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, it fhall not be lawful for to™# Vs*uch°r any Perfon to be Treafurer of any County, County of a City or after Appoint-County of a Town, or ColleCtor of any public Money in any fuch ment;

County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony, who fhall be and t0 make a Merchant or Trader, or who fhall adf as a Merchant or Trader at Oath refpefling any time after he fhall be appointed to be fuch Treafurer or Colledlor, herein^ention-or who fhall not, when required by the Grand. Jury at any Affizes, ed, when remake Oath before them, fetting forth that he is pofTefTed of Property quired by Grand of his own to the full Amount of the perfonal Security which he is lury* required to give by Law upon undertaking the Office of Treafurer or Colledlor, and that fuch Property is over and above his juft Debts ; and no Adt or Adis for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to relieve, releafe or exonerate any fuch Treafurer or Collector from the Effedl of the Recognizance given by him, or to prevent any fuch Treafurer or Collector, or his Sureties, from being liable for the full Amount of the Recognizances

E e 3	feverally

Hosted by Google

4 22

Treasurer not to compound of make Deductions.

Refufing or neglecting to pay, £fec.

or aCting without Security approved, Si. c.

fined and dif-mified,and incapable.

AbflraCt of Treafurer’s Account to be printed, Sec.

High Conftables not to be appointed Collectors.

Provifo as to Grand .Tory removing Collectors.

County Rates to be collected by Half Yearly Payments.

Provifo for County and City of Dublin.

a6 G. 3. c. 14.

(f)

C.107.	57° GEO. III.	A.D. 1817.

federally entered into by them as aforefaid, unlefs fuch Perfon or Per-fons fhall be fpecially named in fuch Infolvent ACt.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That no Treafurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, ftiall compound for any Sum to be raifed on the Public, nor fhall make any Deductions whatfoever from any Sum paid by him to any Perfon but fuch as he fhall duly account for ; and it any fuch Treafurer fhall offend therein, or neglect to make up his Accounts, or fhall refufe or neglect to pay the Amount of all fuch Quaeres as fhall have been difeharged, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction in the Way of Difcount ; or if any Perfon fhall aCt as Treafurer or Collector without his Security being approved as aforefaid, or without producing a Certificate from the proper Officer that his Security has been duly recorded in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ or fhall aCt either direCtly or indirectly as a Merchant or Trader after he fhall have been appointed Treafurer or Collector, fuch Treafurer or Collector fo offending in any of fuch Particulars fhall be fined by the Judge of Affize in fuch Sum as he fhall think fit, and fhall be by him difmiffed from fuch Office of Treafurer or Collector, and be thenceforth rendered incapable of ever holding fuch Office of Treafurer or Collector.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCted, That an accurate AbflraCt of the Account of every Treafurer of a County, County of a City or Town, ftating all his Receipts and Payments from the preceding Affizes, with the Balance in the Hands of fuch Treafurer at the Commencement of fuch Account, fhall be printed and prefixed to the Copies of undifeharged Quaeres when printed after each Affizes, with the full Balance of the public Money then in the Hands of fuch Treafurer ftated at the Foot thereof.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted, That no High or Chief Con-ffable fhall be appointed by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, to be the Collector of any public Money to be raifed within fuch County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony or Half Barony, Parifh, Townland, DiftriCt or Divifion within any County at large ; and that no Collector of any public Money, who fliall have been or fhall be appointed by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town, fhall be removed or difplaced by any fubfequent Grand Jury for fuch County, County of a City or Town, unlefs for reafonable Caufe fhown in open Court, and allowed by the Judge at fome Affizes for fuch County, County of a City or Town refpeCtively ; any Law, Pradtice or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the Commencement of this ACt, the County Rate in every County in Ireland fhall be collected by Two equal Half Yearly Payments, at fuch times as Money prefented at the feveral Spring and Summer Affizes refpeCtively are collected ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding*.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing in this ACt contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to the County of Dublin or to the County of the City of Dublin, except only fo far as is hereinafter exprefsly enaCted and provided by this ACt.

c XXXIII. And Whereas by an ACt paffed in the Parliament of c Ireland in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefer)t < Majefty, intituled An Aft for makings widening and repairing public

‘ Roads

Hosted by Google

A.D.l 817*

57° GEO. IIE

C.107.

423

i Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of feveral f Abts formerly made for that Purpofe; it is enabled, that every 1 Affidavit to ground a Preferment or to account for Work done,. ‘ fhall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Four Days c at leaft before the firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term ; and 6 it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the faid County of 6 Dublin that the faid Affidavits ffiould be lodged with the a6ling < Secretary of the Grand Jury of the faid County fo many Days *• previous to the firft Sitting Day of each ^prefenting Term, that 6 Schedules of fuch Affidavits might be prepared and printed for * Delivery to Magiltrates and others previous to fuch Term Be it therefore ena&ed, That all Affidavits for Prefentments for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or otherwife improving any Road in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwife improving any Bridge, Seffion Houfe, Gaol or other Mafon Work in the County ; and alfo all accounting Affidavits of Overfeers appointed from Year to Year to keep the Roads of the faid County in Repair and free from Nuifances, fhall be lodged Thirty Days at the leaft before the firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the faid County ; and fuch Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpofe, and forthwith after the Receipt of fuch Affidavits to caufe Schedules of fuch Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before the firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, to fuch Magiftrates and Landholders in the faid County of Dublin as may apply for the fame ; provided that the Number fo to be printed fhall not exceed One hundred for each Barony in the faid County of Dublin (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s and Donore excepted).

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the faid County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorized and required, at each prefenting Term for the faid County, to'prefent fuch Sum or Sums as fhall be neceffary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the faid Schedules \ provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, ftating his Charge to be ufual and reafonable, be firft laid before the faid Grand Jury at fuch prefenting Term ; and that no fuch Prefentment for the preparing fuch Schedules and printing of fuch Copies fhall be made, unlefs fuch printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary7 Twenty one clear Days before the firft Sitting Day of the Term at which fuch Prefentment fhall be applied for.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A£t contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to affedl or alter any Claufes, Powers or Provifions contained in any fpecial A£t or A<fts of Parliament, relating particularly to the Erection or Maintenance of any Court Houfe, Seffions Houfe or County Houfe, or to any Gaol or Prifon in or for any7 County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland*

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That this A<ft fhall commence and take Effect from the Firft Day of November One thou-fand eight hundred and feventeen, and not fooner.

E e 4	SCHE-

Certain Affidavits to be lodged 30 Day previous to pre^ tenting Term, with acting Secretary of Grand Jury,

Schedules of fuch Affidavits prepared and printed for Delivery 21 Days before the Term, in the County of Dublin.

Grand Juries may prefent for Expences of preparing and printing fuch Schedules, on Affidavit of Printer that his Charge is reafonable.

Provifo for Local Ails re-fpeifing Court Houles ,&c.

Commencement of Ait,

Hosted by GOOQ le

424

C.107-

57° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1817-

SCHEDULE (A. No. i.)

FORM of Oath of Magiftrates at Quarter Seffions, afting in Execution of this Aft.

4 T A. B. of C. D. do fwear, That I am feized and poffeffed of a 4	Freehold Eftate in Fee Simple, or in Fee Tail, in Poffeffion, of

4 the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, [or, of a Leafehold 4 Eftate of Perpetuity, or, for Life or Lives, or, for a Term of Years 4 not lefs than Twenty.Years unexpired, of the annual Value of Five 4 hundred Pounds ; or, that I am Heir Apparent of F. F. who is 4 feized or poffeffed of a Freehold Eftate of the annual Value of Six 4 hundred Pounds, or, of a Leafehold Eftate for Life or Lives, or 4 for a Term of Years not lefs than Twenty Years unexpired, of 4 the annual Value of One thoufand Pounds ; and that fuch Eftate is 4 fituate in the Parifh of	or,	that	I am entitled

4 to aft: as a Magiftrate for the County of the City of 4	or,	for the County of the Town of

4 according to the Charter of Incorporation thereof, [fating the par-4 ticular Qualification under which fuch Magifrate (hall claim to a8, 4 as the cafe Jhall require] ; and that in the Execution of an Aft made 4 in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4 intituled '[here infert the Title of this	I	will	truly, faithfully

4 and impartially do and perform all fnch matters and things as I 4 am authorized and required to do by the faid Aft, without Favour, 4 Affection, Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, according to the beft of my 4 Judgment upon the Information to be laid before me.

4 So help me GOD.5

SCHEDULE (A. No. 2.)

OATH of County Surveyor.

<	County 1 I	having been duly

4	J approved Surveyor of the County [County of the

<	City, or County of the Town] of	do fwear,

<	That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Duty of a Sur-

<	veyor of the faid County [County of a City, or. County of a

<	Town] according to the Rules and Regulations of fuch Office,

<	as fpecified in and by an Aft paffed in the Fifty feventh Year of

<	the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here fet forth the

<	Title of this	; and that I have not certified and will not

<	certify my Opinion upon any public Work which fhall be pro-

<	pofed to be executed within this County, or upon any fuch public

<	Work after it has been executed, without having previoufly care-t fully viewed and confidered the fame, conformably to fuch Certifi-

<	cates refpeftively ; and that in all matters which concern my Duty

<	as Surveyor, I will impartially declare and certify the Truth, the c whole Truth and nothing but the Truth ; and that in examining

<	the Accounts of public Money expended in the faid County,

<	[County of a City, or, County of a Town] I will execute the c Duties by the faid Aft required truly, diligently and impartially,

<	to the beft of my Skill, Knowledge and Belief, without Favour

<	or Affeftion, Pique or Partiality ; and that I have not received,

<	nor will receive, direftly or indireftly, by myfelf or any other

<	Perfon, any Fee, Reward, Profit or Advantage, over and above

<	the Payment authorized by Law.	So	help me GOD.5

CAP.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. IIL

C. 108.

425

CAP. CVIII.

An Ad for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets, and Ports in Ireland.	[iith July 1817.]

C WT PEREAS certain Cuftoms, Tolls and Duties unwarranted e VV by Law have been at fundry times levied in Ireland : And

*	Whereas it would tend materially to prevent the fame, if a Board e or Boards, fpecifying the feparate Cuftoms, Tails or Duties pay-c able on all Articles fold at any Fair or Market, or upon landing 1 the fame at any Port, and the Name or Names of the Perfon or € Perfons or Corporation claiming the fame, were publicly exhibited

*	at fuch Fairs, Markets and Ports Be it therefore enacted by	#

The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft of July One thoufand eight After July 1, hundred and eighteen, all Perfons colleding Cuftoms, Tolls or 1818, painted Duties, or claiming the fame, at any Fair, Market, or Port in Ire- ?oaI^sj^l>ec^’“ land-, fhall ered, affix and keep up, during the whole Continuance	**

of fuch Fair or Market, in fome confpicuous Place at each principal Markets and Entrance of the fame, and the principal Quay or Landing Place at Ports, each Port, a painted Board, having thereon a Schedule in large and legible Characters, fpecifying diftindly the Cuftom, Toll or Duty claimed on each and every Article or thing fold at fuch Fair or Market, or landed at fuch Port, and the Names of the Perfon collecting the fame, and of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation claiming Right to the fame, fo that fuch Boards may be referred to and examined by all Perfons defirous of fo doing.

II.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who ftiall Levying Tops attempt to colled or levy any Cuftom, Toll or Duty, without

having previoufly ereded fuch Boards as aforefaid, or without having Boar(j3

kept up the fame as aforefaid, fhall for every Cuftom, Toll or Duty

which he fhall attempt to colled or levy, either in Money or Kind,

not being fpecified on fuch Boards as aforefaid, or at a time when

fuch Boards ftiall not be up as aforefaid, forfeit for every fuch

Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings to any Perfon fuing for the Penalty 403,

fame.

III.	Provided always, and be it hereby enaded, That in cafe Provifofor

it fhall appear that the Toll Board or Boards fhall have been de- Boards removed faced or removed by Violence, then fuch Colledor fhall not be liable Violence, &c, to fuch Penalty, unlefs he fhall negleCt to reinftate fuch Boards as foon as the fame may be reafonably done.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who fhall de- Removing, See. face or remove fuch Board or Boards, or fhall be engaged in any ,uch Boards by Riot in which fuch Board or Boards ftiall be defaced or removed, force’

fhall forfeit Five Pounds to any Perfon fuing for the fame.	Penalty 5I.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Penalties hereinbefore Penalties how fet forth fhall be recoverable and recovered, on fummary Convic- recovercd. tion of either of the Offences aforefaid, before any Two Magiftrates

or Juftices of the Peace of the County, City or Town where fuch Offence fhall be committed, and fhall be levied by Diftrefs under Dilbefs, the Warrant of fuch Magiftrates or Juftices of the Peace, who are hereby empowered to iffue the fame.

VI.	Pro-

Hosted by Google

C. 108,109.

57° GEO. III.

Appeal to Quarter Sefikns.

Schedules of Tolls to be delivered to Clerk of cne Peace.

%

Provifo for levying Tolls after Delivery of Schedules.

Clerk of the Peace to give Certificate of Regilbry of Schedules. Provifo for Rights, &c. of Perfons claiming Tolls, &c.

The Subfidy and Alnagc of the Old and New

A.D. 1817.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for Perfons fo conviCted to appeal in the ufual manner to the next enfuing Quarter Sellions, where the cafe iliall be finally determined.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons or Corpor-

ations claiming a Right to levy any Cuflorn, Toll or Duty at any Fair or Market or at any Port in Ireland, fhall and they are hereby required, on or before the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to deliver in to the Clerk of the Peace of the Countyr, Cityr or Town where fuch Cuftom, Toll or Duty may be claimed, a Schedule of the Tolls, Cuftoms and Duties claimed by fuch Perfons or Corporations on every Article fold at fuch Fairs or Markets, or landed at fuch Ports ; and in default thereof, that it fhall not be lawful for any fuch Perfons or Corporations to levy any fuch Cuftom, Toll or Duty, or any Perfon for them ; and that fuch Perfons or Corporations, and all Perfons attempting to levy any Cuftom, Toll or Duty for them, fhall incur and forfeit fuch Penalty or Penalties as have been provided by Law againft Perfons taking illegal Tolls :	Provided always, that it fhall and may be

lawful for Perfons and Corporations who fhall deliver fuch Schedules after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, to levy the legal Cuftoms, Tolls and Duties after they fhall have delivered in fuch Schedule as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Clerk of the Peace fhall keep a Regiftry of all fuch Schedules, and fhall give to every Perfon or Corporation as aforefaid a Certificate of having regif-tered fuch Schedule, when fuch Schedule fhall be delivered to him.

IX.	And be it further enacted,- That nothing in this A61 fhall (except as is hereinbefore provided) extend, diminifh or alter the Rights of Perfons claiming or paying Cuftoms, Tolls or Duties at fuch Fairs, Markets or Ports, or the Penalties to which they may become liable, or their Mode of Redrefs, otherwife than as the fame are at prefent by Law eftablifhed.

CAP. CIX.

An Acl to aboliffi the Subfidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures, in Ireland ; and to authorize the Payment out of the Confolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Intereft in the Office of Alnager.

[l ith July 1817.]

6	7	PEREAS	it	is	expedient,	for	the	Encouragement	of	the

c \\ Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, that the Subfidy and c Alnage of Old and New Draperies, and of all other Woollen

*	Manufactures made in Ireland, fliould be aboliflied, and that all

*	Regulations relating to the fame and to the faid Manufactures 6 fhould be repealed May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and immediately after

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 109.

427

the paffing of this A£t, the Subfidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies and Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures whatever made within Ireland, fhall ceafe, determine and be no longer due or payable ; any thing in an A£t made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the I7^i8Car, a. Second, intituled An Act for the true making of all Sorts of Cloth, (I) called the Old Drapery and New Drapery, and the true fearching andfeal'tng thereof by His Majefly*s Alnager within this Kingdom, or any other Law, Statute, Ul'age, Prefcription or Cuftom what-foever, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That from and immediately after the paffing of this A6t, the faid recited A£t of the Seventeenth and *7 & 18 Car. a. Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles W the Second, and alfo an A6t made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His prefent 19 & 20 Car. 2. Majefty, intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and alfo an A <51 made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty firft and Twenty fecond Years of si & aa Car. a. His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repealing fo much of the faid (I-) recited A <51$ of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Elis prefent Majefty’s Reign, as relates to the New Dra. pery, Cottons and Stockings ; and alfo an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s and 40 G. 3 (I.) Reign, intituled An A3 for amending and rendering more effectual feveral Acts heretofore pajfed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth called and known by the Name of Old Drapery, and all Claufes, Powers, Provifions and Regulations in the faid ACfs or any of them contained, ffiall be and the fame are hereby repealed, repealed.

4 III. And Whereas the Right Honourable John Baron de Bla-c quiere is, under and by virtue of certain Letters Patent under the c Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of July c One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, entitled to hold the

*	Office of Alnager in Ireland, to him, his Heirs, Executors, Ad-c miniftrators and Affigns, for the Remainder of a certain Term 6 of Forty eight Years, in the faid Patent fpecified and yet to come

*	and unexpired ; and all the Fees, Profits and Emoluments of the ‘ faid Office will immediately after the paffing of this ACt be en-< tirely put an End to ; and it is fitting that fome Compenfation 6 ffiould be made for the Lofs of fuch Fees, Profits and Emolu-

c ments Be it therefore enadfed, That One Annuity or Yearly Annuity of 500!. Rent or Sum of Five hundred Pounds Brittfh Currency fhall be grained to Lord iftuing and payable out of and charged upon the Confolidated de Blaquiere as a Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after Compensation^ paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of h;s office of ° Money as have been dire&ed by any former A <51 or ACls of Par- Alnager, to be * liament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other paid Quarterly Payments which fhall or may hereafter be charged upon* or payable out of the Con-out of the laid Fund) ; and the fame (hall from time to time be fohdated Fund paid Quai[terly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedu&ions whatfo- the Remainder2 ever, in manner and Form following ; that is to fay, to the faid 0f his Intereft in John Baron de Blaquiere, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or the Patent, Affigns, for and during fo much and fuch Part of the faid Term of Forty eight Years as is yet to come and unexpired, which faid

Annuity

Hosted by Google

C. 109,110.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Acquittances of Lord de Bla-qaiere, &cc. fuf-ficientDiicharges for Payment of the fa id Annuity.

80 much of any A£t as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines, &c. repealed.

Diflillers to pay the Duties for fuch Quantities of Spirits as might be produced from the Number of Charges of Low Wines fpccified in Table annexed.

Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum fhall commence and take Effeft from the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, the Firft Payment to be computed from the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen until the Tenth Day of Ottober One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen,. and from thenceforth (hall be paid and payable on the Four ufual Days of. Payment in the Year, that is to fay, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of 0Bober, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to ifTue and pay the faid Annuity, or to caufe the fame to be ifTued and paid from time to time out of the growing Produce of the faid Confolidated Fund arifing in Ireland, by Four Quarterly Payments in manner aforefaid.

IV. And be it further enabled, That the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum (hall be confidered as the Emoluments and Profits of the faid Office of Alnager during the faid Term of Years yet to come and unexpired ; and that the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the faid John Baron de Blaquiere, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns refpeftively, fhall according to their feveral and refpeftive Interefts be good and fufficient Dil-charge and Difcharges for the Payment of the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Five hundred Pounds in manner aforefaid, without any other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, fhall be paid free and clear from all Taxes,, Charges and Impofitions whatfoever.

CAP. CX.

An Acl to make further Regulations for the better collefting and fecuring the Duties upon Spirits diftilled in Ireland.

[1 ith July 1817.]

c	HE	REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for

< VV the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland:9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Aft, fo much of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, at the time of the palling of this Aft, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrom any Diftiller is chargeable with Duty in refpeft of any Still or Stills ufed by fuch Diftiller, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the Commencement of this Aft every Diftiller in Ireland fhall, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills in the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller fhall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provifions of any Aft or Afts in force in Ire-land for the regulating or fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, be charged with and fhall pay Duty for fuch refpeftive Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates fpecified in any Aft or Afts in force from the feveral

12	Number

Hosted by Google

C. 110,

429

57° GEO. III.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines feverally fet forth in the Table to this Adi annexed, for and in refpedl of each and every fuch Still being of the feveral Contents in the faid Table fpecified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in refpedl of fuch Stills; and that the faid Table, and all and every the matters therein fpecified and contained, fhall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Adi to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; and that Further Duty in every fuch Diftiller fhall, over and above fuch feveral Quantities re- relped of Stills fpedtively, be charged with and fhall pay Duty in refpedl of each as and every fuch Still or^Stills, for as much more Spirits as might be	bepr<>S

produced, according to the Rates in the faid Ads fpecified, from all duced according Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which fuch Diftiller fhall to the Rates in a&ually diftil within every fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty the faid Adis eight Days, over and above fuch feveral Quantities refpedtively ; hiec‘fied-and the Officer or Officers of Excife fhall make a Return of the Officer of Excite Quantities of fuch Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly ; to make Re-and fuch Diftiller fhall pay the Duty fo charged and returned, under turns-fuch Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland for the regulating or fecuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits diltilled in Ireland.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That every Diftiller who DiHiller working fhall be licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons under the Regu-Content, and who fhall work the fame under the Rules, Regulations, ^rTiable1 to Reftridlions and Provifions hereinafter in this Adi mentioned and Ninety Charges contained, fhall in refpedt of fuch Still be chargeable and charged only of Singlings with and fhall pay Duty for every fuch Period of Four Weeks or or Low Wines Twenty eight Days, during which the Still of fuch Diftiller fhall be ^Ko^Weekf chargeable as working, for fuch refpedtive Quantities of Spirits as 0 our might be produced, according to the Rates fpecified in any Adi or Adis in force, from Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, for and in refpedl of fuch Still, according to the Content thereof; any thing in this Adi or the Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Adi or Adis to the contrary in anywife notwithftand-ing ; and that every fuch Diftiller fhall, over and above the Quan- Further Duty tities aforefaid, be charged with and fhall pay Duty for as much for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates aforefaid, m?r® j5P,rits as from all Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which as herein fuch Diftiller fhall adlually diftil within every fuch Period of Four mentioned, ac-Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above fuch Quantities afore- cording to the faid ; and the Officer or Officers of Excife fhall make a Return of Rates aiorelaid. the Quantity of fuch Spirits and the Duties thereon accordingly ; and fuch Diftiller fhall pay the Duty fo charged and returned, under fuch Rules, Regulations and Diredtions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Adi or Adis in force for the regulating or fecuring the Colledlion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland.

III.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That whenever any Diftiller keeping Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still or Stills under One thoufand Gal- Still of a certain Ions Content, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, fhall SoticTVhen'he infert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Coliec- intends to work6 tor, Surveyor and Gauger before he commences or re-commences with Turf only to work a Still, or fhall give Notice in like manner Six Days before chaired, the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight

Days,

Hosted by Google

4:50

C.110.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Duty in fuch cafe how to he charged.

Notice alfo to be given to the CornmifUoners;

fubje£t to the full Number of Charges for Default.

Stills worked with Coal, &c. after giving fuch Notice, to be fubjebl to the full Number of Charges.

Coals, &c. found on l’re miles, after Notice of working with Turf, to be forfeited, and

Penalty 200I. and fubjebl to full Number of Charges.

Penalty on Diftiller licen fed to keep a Still of certain Content,

having Brewing

Days, during which any Still fhall be chargeable as working, that fuch Diftiller purpofes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleflion during the next fucceeding Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, fuch Diftiller (hall for every fuch Period, during which any fuch Still or Stills fhall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforefaid), from Five Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which fuch Still would otherwife be liable ; and alfo with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the faid Rates from all Wafh, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which fuch Diftiller fhall a&ually diftil within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from fuch reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforefaid : Provided always, that every fuch Diftiller fhall alfo, Six Days previous to the Commencement of any Period during which fuch Diftiller purpofes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleflion with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, give Notice of fuch his Intention to the Cornmiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and in Default of giving every fuch refpe&ive Notice, the Still or Stills of fuch Diftiller fo making Default fhall be fubjedl and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of fuch Period.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if any Still in the Pofleflion of any Diftiller fhall ap any time during any Period in which the Diftiller fhall have given Notice of working any fuch Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf or other Fuel than Turf not charred; every fuch Still fhall be fubjedl and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the. whole of fuch Period ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enabled, That whenever any Diftiller fhall have given fuch Notice that he purpofes to work any fuch Still or Stills in his Pofleflion during any Period with Turf only as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for fuch Diftiller to have or keep within his Diftillery or any Premifes connected therewith, at any time during fuch Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred ; and if, during any fuch Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred fhall be found within the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, or within any Premifes conne&ed therewith, all fuch Coal or other Fuel fhall be forfeited and may be feized, and the Diftiller within whofe Diftillery or other Premifes fuch Coal or other Fuel fhall be found fhall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds ; and fuch Diftiller fhall alfo be fubjedl and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the faid Period, for and in refpeft of every Still in his Diftillery, which fhall by Law be confidered as working, without any Allowance whatever for or in refpeft of the Ufe of Turf therein, and as if every fuch Still had been, worked with Coal during fuch Period.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make ufe of any Copper or Vef-fel, or Coppers or Veflels, for warming or boiling Water for brewing

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.110.

431

ing Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, which in the whole diall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty Gallons for every One Gallon which the Still which fuch Diftiller fhall be licenfed to keep fhall be capable of containing ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of any fuch Copper or Coppers, Veffel or Veffels, which fhall in the whole be of a greater Content than as aforefaid, all and every fuch Copper and Veffel fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife ; and fuch Diftiller diall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and it diall be lawful for the Officer who fhall feize fuch Copper or Coppers, Veffel or Veffels, to caufe the Contents of the fame to be fpilled.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it diall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make ufe of any greater Number of Madiing Kieves than One Maffiing Kieve, nor any Mafh Kieve which diall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty four Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuch Diftiller fhall be licenfed to keep ; and if any fuch Diftiller diall have, keep or make ufe of any greater Number of Madiing Kieves than One Mafhing Kieve, or if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of any Madiing Kieve which diall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty four Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuch Diftiller fhall be licenfed to keep, every fuch Second or further Madiing Kieve, and alfo every Madiing Kieve which fhall be of greater Content than as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife, together with any Materials which fhall or may be found therein refpeftively; and every fuch Diftiller diall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Perfon requiring a Licence, after the Commencement of this Aft, to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, diall, in the Account which fuch Perfon is by Law required to make out, fign and deliver, before the granting of any fuch Licence, fpecify and fet forth the true and. full Number of Gallons which each and every Copper, and the true and full Number of Gallons which the Mafh Kieve, and alfo^ the true and full Number of Gallons which each and every Back or other Veffel to be kept or ufed by fuch Diftiller for keeping or fermenting any Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, is or are capable of containing, and diftinouidiing each fuch Copper, Kieve, Back and Veffel by the Number thereof refpeftively ; and if any fuch Diftiller diall have, keep or make ufe of any Copper or Kieve, or any Back or other Veffel for keeping or fermenting any Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, of which fuch Account diall not have, been made out, figned and delivered as aforefaid, or of the Number or Content of which any falfe or untrue Account diall be delivered; or if any Copper or Kieve, or any Back or Veffel for keeping or fermenting Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale in the Poffeffion of any fuch Diftiller, diall exceed the Content fpecified in fuch Account as being the Content of fuch Copper, Kieve, Back or Veffel, every fuch Diftiller diall, in each and every of the refpeftive

Copper of greater Content than herein mentioned.

Such Diftiller having more than One Mafh Kieve of certain Content, Forfeiture of Mafh Kieve,and

Penalty 50].

Perfons applying for a Still Licence to deliver an Account, fpecify ing the true Content of every Copper, See. and Back or Veffel for fermenting Worts, &c.

Hosted by Google

Penalty aol. and Copper, &c. forfeited.

Size of each Back for fermenting Pot Ale fhall not exceed the Proportion of 14 Gallons for every Gallon Content of the Still.

Penalty 50I.

and Back, Sec. forfeited.

Content of Backs, See. for fermenting Worts, &c. exceeding 84 Gallons for every Gallon Content of Still, forfeited, and Penalty iool.

Such Diftillers not to make ufe of more than One Under Back, and that to be in the proportion of 12 Gallons to every One Gallon Content.

Under Back, Sec. forfeited, and

Penalty 50L CertainDiftillers keeping any fermented Worts, Warti or Pot Ale ia aDy

C.110.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.1817.

cafe and cafes aforefaid, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and every fuch Copper, Kieve, Back or other Veflel, with the Contents thereof, fliall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make ufe of any one Back or other Veflel for fermenting any Worts, Wafli or Pot Ale, which fhall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Fourteen Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuch Diftiller fhall be licenfed to keep ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of any Back or other Veflel for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale of any greater Content than as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every fuch Back or Veflel which fhall be of greater Content than aforefaid; and every fuch Back or Veflel, together with all or any Material which the fame fhall or may contain, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make ufe of Backs or Veflels for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, which altogether fhall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Eighty four Gallons of Wort, Wafh or Pot Ale, for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuchDiftiller fhall be licenfed to keep ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of Backs or Veflels for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, ^11 of which together fhall be of greater Content than as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and all and every fuch Backs and Veflels fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make ufe of any greater Number of Under Backs than One Under Back, nor any Under Back which fhall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuch Diftiller fhall be licenfed to keep ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of any greater Number of Under Backs than one Under Back, or if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of any Under Back which fliall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate aforefaid, fuch Second or further Under Back, and alfo every Under Back which fhall be of greater Content than as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife, together with any Materials which fhall or may be found therein refpe&ively ; and every fuch Diftiller fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XU. And be it further enabled, That it fhall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have or keep in any Cooler any fermented Worts, Wafli or Pot Ale, nor fhall have or keep therein any other Liquor

or

Hosted by Google

C. 110.

433

or Material, fave and except Water or Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale not fermented ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall have or keep in any Cooler any fermented Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, or any other Liquor or Material, fave and except Water or Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale not fermented, every fuch Diftiller fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for

any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have or keep any fermented Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, or any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale in any Stage or Procefs of Fermentation, in any Under Back or Cooler, or in any Cade or Veffel, other than and except in the licenfed Still of fuch Diftiller, or in fuch Backs or Veffels for fermenting Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, and the Still Charger of which Backs, Veffels and Still Charger of which fuch Account as by Law required fhall have been duly given to the Colledlor of Excife or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt ; and if any fermented Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, or any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale in any Stage or Procefs of Fermentation, fhall be found in, or fhall be difeovered to have been in any Under Back or Cooler, or in any other Cade or Veffel than fuch Still or fuch fermenting Backs and Veffels and Still Charger, every fuch Diftiller in whofe Poffeffion any fuch Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale fhall be found, or fhall be difeovered to have been contrary thereto, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds :	Provided	always	that no fuch Still Charger fhall

be capable of containing any greater Quantity than the Still which fuch Diftiller fhall be fo licenfed to keep ; and if any Still Charger fhall be found in the Poffeffion of fuch Diftiller, which fhall be of greater Content than aforefaid, the fame diall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife ; and the Diftiller fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no Ctfpper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Veffel or Still Charger, nor any material the fame may refpe&ively contain, fhall be forfeited or liable to Seizure, nor fhall any Diftiller be liable to any Penalty impofed by this A61 in refpedl thereof, for or by reafon of any Excefs of Content of fuch Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Veffel or Still Charger re-fpedlively, not being more than Five per Centum above the Content thereof refpedtively preferibed, limited and appointed by this A61 ; any thing hereinbefore to the contrary notwith(landing.

XV.	And be it further ena6led, That it fhall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content to make any greater Number of Brewings than one Brewing in any one Day ; and if any Corn or Grain, mafhed or un-mafhed, fhall be found in the Mafhing Kieve of any fuch Diftiller at any time between the Hour of Eight of the Clock of the Night of one Day and the Hour of Six of the Clock of the Morning of the next fucceeding Day, every fuch Diftiller fhlall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pc undo.

XVI.	And be it further ena6led, That it fhall not be lawful for any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to make, extradl or produce from any one Brewing of Corn or Grain any greater Quantity of Worts, Wafh or Pot

57 Geo. III.	F	f	Ale,

Cooler,

(Exception)

Penalty 50L

Such Diftiller having any Worts, See. in any Calk or Veflelotherthan licenfed Back and Still,

Penalty iool. Having Still Charger of undue Content, forfeited, and

Penalty 20I.

No Seizure of Copper, &c. on account of their Excefs in Content, unleis it be more than 5 per Cent.

Certain Diftil-lers not to brew oftener than once a Day, &c.

Penalty icol.

Such Dillillers not to make more Pot Ale, &c. from any brewing than 1 a Gallons

Hosted by Google

434

C.110.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

for every Gallon Ale, than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons of Content of Still. Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which fuch Diftiller (hall be licenfed to keep ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall make, extraft or produce any greater Quantity of Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale than as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller Penalty 50L fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Such Diftiller XVII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any Diftiller requiring a Li- having at the time of the palling of this Aft a Licence in force to of * ioo^G allons ^ keep a Stiff or unc*er One hundred Gallons Content, fhall, after Content and the Commencement of this Aft, require a Licence to keep fuch Still, who (hall be de- or a Still of the like Content, and fhall be defirous of working the firous of working fame, under the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of any Aft in under this Adi, force immediately before the Commencement of this Aft, for re-cTtion&of ft)6 gulating and fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled doing,upon con- iR Ireland, (fave as to the Number of Charges of Singlings or fenting to pay Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrom for 100 Charges any Diftiller is under the Provifions of the faid Aft chargeable with of Singlings per Duty for any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during 111!'	which any Still of fuch Diftiller fhall be chargeable as working,)

it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller fo to do, with the Leave of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon fuch Diftiller, in his Application to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes for fuch Licence, fetting forth that he is willing and confents to be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of Spirits produceable, according to the Rates fpecified in any Aft or Afts in force, from Two hundred Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each and every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which the Still of fuch Diftiller fhall be by Law chargeable as working ; and thereupon the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, fhall and may, if they fhall think fit, grant to fuch Diftiller a Licence to keep fuch Still, and to work the fame accordingly, fpecifying in every fuch Licence the Confent of fuch How Diftiller to Diftiller to be chargeable and charged as aforefaid ; and thereupon be charged every fuch Diftiller fhall, from and after the granting of fuch thereupon. Licence, be chargeable and charged with and fhall pay Duty for each and every fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which the Still of fuch Diftiller fhall be chargeable as working, for fuch refpeftive Quantities of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates fpecified in any Aft or Afts in force, from Two hundred Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for and in refpeft of fuch Still, according to the Content thereof; and that every fuch Diftiller, over and above the Quantity aforefaid, fhall be charged with and fhall pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates aforefaid, from all Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which fuch Diftiller fhall aftually diftil within any fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above fuch Quantities aforefaid ; and the Officer or Officers of Excife fhall make a Return of the Quantity of fuch Spirits and the Duties thereon accordingly; and fuch Diftiller fhall pay the Duty fo charged and returned, under fuch Rules, Regulations and Direftions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Aft or Afts in force for the regulating or fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland.

6*	XVIII.	Pro-

Hosted by Google

A.B.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 110.

435

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That every fuch Diftiller Every fuch who lhall fo confent to be chargeable and charged with and (hall pay Dift'Uer lb con-for fuch Number of Charges as aforefaid, (hall and may and he is uf^utenfils*”3^ hereby authorized to have, keep and make ufe of any Copper, though not con-Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Veflel, although formable to Act, the fame may not be of the proper Dimenfions or Content, according

to the Regulations of this A& ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding :	Provided always, that an Account of Provifo.

every fuch Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back and Veflel, (hall have been duly made out and delivered to the Collector of Excife, or other Oflicer in charge of the Colle&ion of the Diftridl, and entered and regiftered in the Excife Office of fuch Diftridft.

XIX.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be law- Treafury may ful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United diipenfe with Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, when they (hall deem it debiting to expedient, by Order in Writing under the Hands of any Three of size of Diftillers’ them, to difpenfe with all or any of the Regulations in this A£t Vefiels,&c. and relating to the Size, Dimenflons or Contents of Coppers, Kieves, mak© other Backs or other Veffels or Utenfils, or to the mafhing or brewing of Stations,

any Corn or Grain, or to the making, extracting or producing any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale ; and it fhall alfo in like manner be lawful for the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury to make and iflue fuch other Rules and Regulations for the faid Purpofes, or any of them, as to the faid Commiflioners fhall feem proper ; and all and every fuch Rules and Regulations fhall be obeyed and complied with by every fuch Diftiller.

XX.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the Quantity of any Diftiller liable to

Spirits which fhall have been or fhall be lodged in any of His Ma- Duty on Defi-jefty’s Warehoufes or Stores, fhall at any time or by any means	of	Spirits

fall fhort or be deficient of the actual Quantity which ought to be m are °u e* or remain warehoufed or fecured, after allowing for fo much and

fuch Part of fuch Spirits as fhall have been delivered for Exportation or Home Confumption, or for Removal to any other of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores, if any fuch fhall have been fo delivered, the Diftiller or Proprietor of fuch Spirits fhall be fubjedl and liable to the full Duties due and payable upon fuch Spirits at the time when fuch Deficiency fhall be afcertained, for and in refpeCt of the Quantity fo deficient as aforefaid, and fhall pay and fatisfy the and to pay the fame before any of the Spirits fo warehoufed or fecured then re- fana© before maining fhall be permitted to be taken out of fuch Warehoufe or ®P'

Stores, and all fuch Spirits fo remaining fhall be fubjedi to the -Quties may Duties on the Quantity fo deficient, and fhall and may be fold for levied by Payment of the fame, and of Warehoufe Rent and other Charges; Diftrefs. and it fhall alfo be lawful for the Collector of Excife, or other Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion of the Diftridl, to iflue his Warrant, and caufe to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale the Duties due and owing on the Quantity of Spirits fo deficient, in the like manner and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies in all Refpedts, as any Colle&or of Excife, or other Officer in Charge as aforefaid, is by Law authorized and empowered to levy or caufe to be levied any Duties due by any Diftiller.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Spirits ware- Diftiller not to houfed in any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores fhall be de- maintain A&ion

E f 2	ft t oyed	Crown

Hosted by Google

436

C. 110-

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18J?

on Spirits deft royed by Fire in King’s Warehouses ; no Duty payable on Such Spirits.

Provifions of former A&s relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits in Ireland extended to this

Aa.

Recovery and Application of Penalties according to 14 Sc 15 Car. a. ('•)

46 G. 3. c. 106.

and any other Aft in force in Ireland.

Appeal.

Commencement of Aft.

ftroyed by Fire, it fhall not be lawful for the Diftiller, Proprietor, or other Perfon whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit againft His Majefty, or againft the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or againft any Officer or Perfon employed by or afting under the faid Commifiioners, for any Compenfation or Damages for or on account or by reafon of fuch Spirits having been deftroyed by Fire as aforefaid; and no Duty fhall be demanded or paid for any Spirits fo deftroyed as aforefaid.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery prefcribed, mentioned and contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ire-land, fhall be applied and put in Praftice in the Execution of this A (ft as fully and effe<ftually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if all the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reftri<ftions, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the faid A<fts or any of them, had been exprefsly repeated and reena<fted in this Aft, and made applicable to the Provifions herein contained, except fo far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Aft or any other Aft or Afts ; and that the faid Afts and this Aft fhall be conftrued together as One Aft to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fo far as the fame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the faid Afts are amended and altered by this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflifted by this Aft, fhall be paid and recovered in Briti/h Currency, and fhall and may be fued for and recovered, levied and applied in fuch manner .and Form, and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities as are prefcribed, direfted and appointed in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A cl for fettling of the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majejly, His Heirs and Succeffors9 according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commijfioners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and the Commijfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exciie, as fully and effeftually to all Intents, Conftruftions and Purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled and reenafted in this Aft, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who fhall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Afts, or any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, is provided.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall commence and take Effeft from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

TABLE

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

a no, 111.

437

TABLE referred to by this A£L NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrom any Diftiller in Ireland fhall be chargeable with Duty within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in refpedt of every Still of fuch Diftiller being of the feveral Contents following ; (that is to fay,)

CONTENTS OF THE STILL.

NUMBER OF CHARGES.

3,000	Gallons and upwards			-	-		no Charges.
Under 3,000	and not lefs than		-	2,750	-	-	IX3
2,750	-	-	-	2,500	-	-	IX5
2,500	-	-	-	2,250	-	-	121
2,250	-	-	-	2,000	-	-	126
2,000	-	-	-	U75°	-	-	13°
i>7 50	-	-	-	i,5°o	-	-	x35
1,500	-	-	-	1,250	-	-	*43
1,250	-	-	*	1,000	-	-	*54
1,000	-	-	-	750	-	-	172
750	-	-	-	500	-	-	891
500	-	-	-	400	-	-	218
400	-	-	•	3 00	-	-	2 44
300	-	-	-	200	-	-	272
200	and exceeding		-	100	-	-	3°4
Not exceeding 100, and not lefs than 44					-	-	200

CAP. CXI.

An A£t to fufpend, until the Tenth Day of OElober One thou-fand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.	[11th	July	1817.]

c TIT HEREAS it is expedient to fufpend, for a limited time,

* V\ Part of the Duties payable on Sweets or Made Wines 1 made in Great Britain ;J Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and,by the Authority of the fame, That from From Aprils, and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred 1B17, OneThird and feventeen, One Third Part of the Duties of Excife payable on every Barrel of Liquor made in Great Britain for Sale, by In- onSweets or fufion, Fermentation or other wife, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Made Wines Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials fufpended till whatfoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or diftinguifhed by 0<^-105 l%l9> the Name of Made Wines, and fo in .proportion for any greater or excePt Airears* lefs Quantity, fhall be fufpended until the Tenth Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, paying or allowing any Arrears thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto refpedtively which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

F f 3	II.	And

Hosted by

Google

438

C. Ill, 112.

A.D.I817-

One Third of Countervailing Duties on Sweets of Irifh Manufacture imported, fufpended.

25 G.3. c.31.

§x.

tVhen Money is wanted in Department of Victualling for Payment of Bills, &c. Cornmiffioners may apply by Letter to Treafurer of Navy to folicit from Treal'ury Sums required; fuch Money to be iflued to Bank on Treafurer’s Account.

570 geo. in.

II. And be it further enabled, That One Third Part of the Countervailing Duties on Sweets or Made Wines of Irifh Manufacture which fhall be imported direCtly from Ireland to Great Britain, fhall be fufpended during all fuch time as One Third Part of the faid internal Excife Duty on Sweets or Made Wines of Britijh Manufacture fhall be fufpended under or by virtue of this ACt.

CAP. CXII.

An ACt to amend an A Cl of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for better regulating the Office of Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy, as far as refpeds the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department.	[nth	July 1817.3

*	HE	REAS by an ACt paffed in the Twenty fifth Year of

*	»	y the Reign of Elis prefent Majefty, for regulating the Office

*	of Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy, it is among other things c provided, that the Treafurer, in all Memorials prefented by him

*	to the Treafury for Naval Services, fhall tranfmit with every Me-c morial a Copy of the Letter from each of the Naval Boards € refpedively directing him to apply for the Sums wanted, and

*	fhall alfo ftate the Balances then in his Hands under each Head

*	of Service refpe&ively :	And	Whereas	it is expedient that the

c fame Mode fhould be adopted in the Victualling Department

*	as has been eftablifhed in that of the Commiffioners of the Navy 1 fince the paffing of the before recited ACt of the Twenty fifth

*	Year of His prefent Majefty Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firfl Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, as often as Money fhall be wanted in the Department of the Commiffioners for victualling His Majefty’s Navy for Payment of Bills of Exchange, Peniions due to the Widows of Sea Officers, or for General Services, the faid Commiffioners for victualling His Majefty’s Navy for the time being fhall and may by Letter apply to the Treafurer of the Navy to folicit from the Treafury fuch Sum or Sums of Money as will be wanted for the Purpofes above mentioned, or any of them, under the Head of General Services only, in which Letter the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required and direCted to fpecify the Balance in the Hands of the Treafurer of the Navy under fuch Head of General Services as it fhall ltand on the Day when fuch Letter fhall be written as aforefaid, a Copy of which Letter fhall be tranfmitted by the Treafurer of the Navy for the time being with each and every Memorial to be by him prefented to the Treafury for Money for fuch Services, and in which Memorials the faid Treafurer fhall pray that fuch Sums as fhall be required by the Commiffioners of ViClualling may be iffued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account,

CAP.

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 113,

439

CAP. CXIIL

An A61 to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens, iflued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public.

[l ith July 1817.]

‘ TT7HEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1 VV England did, in and fubfequent to the Year One thoufand 4 eight hundred and four, for the Convenience of the Public, caufe 1 to be coined or (lamped, and circulated, a large Quantity of 4 Silver Dollars ; and by an A6t pafled on the Tenth Day of July 44 G. 3. c. 71.

4 One thoufand eight hundred and four, intituled An A3 to prevent 4 the counterfeiting of Silver Coin, ijfued by the Governor and Com-4 pany of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin,

4 which may be ijfued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 Ireland, called Tokens ; and to prevent the bringing into the 4 United Kingdom or uttering any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens ; all §1. 3.

4 Perfons counterfeiting the faid Dollars, or uttering or vending the 4 fame when fo counterfeited, were fubjefled to the Punilhment in 4 the faid Adi fpecified: And Whereas the faid Governor and Com-4 pany did, in and fubfequent to the Year One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eleven, with the Approbation of His Majefty’s mod 4 Honourable Privy Council, and under the Authority of an Adi 4 pafTed on the Twenty (ixth Day of June One thoufand eight 51G. 3. c. no.

4 hundred and eleven, intituled An A3 to prevent the counterfeiting 4 of Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, intended to be ijfued and circu-4 lated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for 4 the refpe3ive Sums of Five Shillings and Sixpence, Three Shillings,

4 and One Shilling and Sixpence; and to prevent the bringing into the 4 Kingdom or uttering any fuch counterfeit Pieces or Tokens, iffue and * circulate, for the further Convenience of the Public, a Quantity 4 of Silver Pieces called Tokens, for the refpedlive Sums of Three 4 Shillings, and One Shilling and Sixpence; and by the faid lad 4 mentioned Adi all Perfons counterfeiting the faid Tokens, or 4 uttering or vending the fame when fo counterfeited* were fub-4 jedled to certain Punifhments thereby impofed:	And	Whereas,

4 in confequence of the recent Circulation of the new current Silver 4 Coin, it becomes unneceflfary any longer to continue the faid Dol-4 lars and Tokens in Circulation, and it is expedient to prohibit the 4 further Circulation thereof, after a time to be limited Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Circulation of Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the faid Bank Dollars Dollars and Tokens (hall no longer pafs or circulate, or be received anc* Tokens to in Payment or Exchange, or otherwife howfoever ; and that in	1818

cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall from and after the faid Twenty Afterwards cir- * fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, culating them, utter, offer or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pafs, circulate or put off, any fuch Dollar or Tokens, whether the Value thereof (hall be paid or given in Money or Goods,, or in any other

E f 4	manner

Hosted by Google

440

C. 113.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Penalty.

But they may be prefented at the Bank till March 25,182c. May be l'old as old Silver.

Juilices of P^ace empowered to bear and determine Offences.

Witneffes not attending,

Penalty 20I.

Form of Conviction.

manner whatfoever, every Perfon fo offending, and being* thereof convidled upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace adling for the County, Riding, City or Place within which fuch Offence fhall be committed, fhall for every fuch Dollar or Token fo uttered, offered, tendered in Payment, given in Exchange, or paffed, circulated or put off, contrary to the Prohibition hereinbefore contained, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who fhall hear and determine fuch Offence :	Provided

that nothing in this Adi contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any Perfon or Perfons from prefenting any fuch Dollars or Tokens for Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, or to any of their Officers or Servants, or to difeharge or exctife the faid Governor and Company from their Liability to pay the fame before the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall reflrain or prevent any Perfon or Perfons after the Twenty fifth Day of March next from felling or difpofing of any fuch Dollars or Tokens as aforefaid as old Silver according to the Weight thereof at the current Price of Silver, and without regard to the nominal or current Value at which the fame fhall have been circulated.

II.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence againft this Adi fhall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a luminary Way ; and fuch Juftice or Juftices, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made upon Oath in that behalf, fhall fummon the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and alfo the Witneffes on either Side, and fhall examine into the Matter of Fadt, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeffion of the Perfon or Perfons accufed, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is or are hereby authorized to adminifter, fhall convidt the Offender or Offenders, and adjudge the Penalty for fuch Offence.

III.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon fhall be fummoned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before fuch Juftice or Juflices, either on the Part of the Informer or Profecutor, or of the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and fhall negledt or refufe to appear at the time or Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a rea-fonable Excufe for fuch his Negle6l or Refufal, to be allowed by fuch Juftice or Juflices, then fuch Perfon fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as are dire£led for Recovery of other Penalties under this Adt.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That the Juftice or Juftices before whom any Offender or Offenders, Witnefs or Witneffes, fhall be convidted as aforefaid, fhall caufe the faid Convidlion to be made out in the manner and Form following ; (that is to fay,)

‘ jgE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

1	in	the	Year	of	our Lord	A.	B. having

appeared before me [or us] one [or more] of His Majefty's

6 Juftices

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 113.

441

4 Juftices of the Peace the cafe may be] for the County, Riding, 4 City or Place [as the cafe may be] and due Proof having been 4 made upon Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, 4 or by Confeflion of the Party [as the cafe may be~\ is conviCted of ‘	[fpecfying	the	Ojfence~\. Given under my

4 Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year 4 aforefaid.’

Which Conviction the faid Juftice or Juftices fhall caufe to be returned to the next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City or Place where fuch ConviCtion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of fuch County, Riding, City or Place.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe, to caufe a Copy or Copies of any ConviCtion or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this ACt, to be forthwith delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every fuch Copy.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any ConviCtion againft this ACt, fhall be forthwith paid by the Perfon or Perfons convicted, as follows ; One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the Offence fhall be committed ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo conviCted fhall refufe or negleCt to pay the fame, or to give fufficient Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice or Juftices, to profecute any Appeal againft fuch ConviCtion, fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and which faid Warrant of Diftrefs the faid Juftice or Juftices fhall caufe to be made out in the manner and Form following ; (that is to fay,)

4 To the Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman of 4 ^y/^HEREAS A. B. of	in the County of

4	is	this	Day conviCted before me [or us] one [or

4 more] of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace [as the cafe may be]

4 for the County of	[or	for the	'	Riding

4 of the County of York~\ [or for the Town, Liberty or DiftriCt of 4	as	the	cafe	may be~\ upon thp Oath of

4 or,	a	credible Witnefs or Witneffes [or by

4 Confeflion of the Party, as the cafe may be~\ for that the faid 4 A. B. bath [here fet forth the Offence^ contrary to the Statute in 4 that cafe made and provided, by reafon whereof the faid A. B. 4 hath forfeited the Sum of	to	be diftributed as herein

4 is mentioned, which he hath refufed to pay : Thefe are therefore 4 in His Majefty’s Name to command you to levy the faid Sum of *	by	Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of him

4 the faid A, B.; and if within the Space of 4 Days next after fuch Diftrefs by you taken, the faid Sum, together 4 with the reafonable Charges of taking the fame, fhall not be paid,

4 then

Clerk of the Peace to give Copies.

Fee.

Penalties how levied and ap* plied.

Appeal.

Form of Warrant of Diftrefs.

Hosted by Google

C. 113.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Securities taken for Appearance of Offenders,

by way of Recognizance.

Offenders committed for Want of Diftrefs.

Appeal on Notice.

Recognizance.

Notice not lefs than Eight Days before Trial.

Coffs.

Final.

Parilhioners may be Wit-neffes.

* then that you do fell the faid Goods and Chattels fo by you 6 diflrained, and out of the Money arifing by fuch Sale, that you c do pay One Half of the faid Sum of	to

c	of	who informed me

c [or us, as the cafe Jhall he~] of the faid Offence, aod the other Half

of the faid Sum or	to	the Overfeer of the Poor

c of the Parifh, Townfliip or Place where the Offence was committed, c to be employed for the Benefit of fuch Poor, returning the Over-‘ plus (if any) upon Demand to the faid A* B. the reafonable Charges c of taking, keeping and felling the faid Diftrefs, being firft deducted ; c and if fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found of the Goods and Chat-< tels of the faid A. B. whereon to levy the faid Sum of c that then you certify the fame to me [or us, as the cafe fiall he~\ c together with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [ory c Hands and Seals] the	Day	of	in	the

c Year of our Lord

VII.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juflices to Order fuch Offender or Offenders to be detained in fafe Cuftody, until Return may conveniently be had and made to fuch Warrant of Diftrefs, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo convicted fhall give fufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice or Juflices, for his, her or their Appearance before the faid Juftice or Juflices on fuch Day as fhall be appointed by the faid Juftice or Juflices for the Day of the Return of the faid Warrant of Diftrefs (fuch Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of fuch Security), which Security the faid Juftice or Juflices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwife.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That if upon fuch Return no fufficient Diftrefs can be had, then and in fuch cafe the faid Juftice or Juflices fhall and may commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredtion of the County, Riding, Divifion, City or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unlefs the Money forfeited fhall be fooner paid, or unlefs or until fuch Offender or Offenders, thinking him, her or themfelves aggrieved by fuch Convidlion, fhall give Notice to the Informer that he, fhe or they intend to appeal to the Juflices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Divifion, City or Place wherein the Offence fhall be committed, and fhall enter into Recognizance before fome Juftice or Juflices with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay fuch Colts as fhall be awarded by the Juflices at fuch Quarter Seffions ; which Notice of Appeal being given not lefs than Eight Days before the Trial thereof, the Perfon or Perfons fo aggrieved is or are hereby empowered to give; and the faid Juflices at fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed againfl as they the faid Juflices fhall think proper ; and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seffions fhall be final, binding and con-clufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon fhall be difabled from being a Witnefs in any Profecution for any Offence againfl

this

Hosted by Google

413

A.D. 1817.	57° GEO. III.	C. 113,114.

this Ad by reafon of his being an Inhabitant of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place wherein fuch OfFence was committed.

X.	Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Convi6tion or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders againft this Ad fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler or elfe-where.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done or tranfaded in purfuance of this Ad, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Adion or Suit fhall be commenced or profecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards ; and the fame and every fuch A6tion or Suit fhall be brought within the County where the Fad was committed, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit fhall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore mentioned, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her or their Adion after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cafes by Law.

CAP. CXIV.

An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thou" fand eight hundred and eighteen. Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Wejlminjler.	[nth "July	1817.]

1 TT7HEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to allow, 1 until the Firjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and i eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and i Weftminfter by Inland Navigation, which was continued by feveral

*	fubfequent Ads until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight ‘ hundred and feventeen ; and it is expedient that the Ad fhould be c further continued Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ad fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

‘ II. And Whereas by an Ad pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the s Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for allowing, under

*	certain Rejlridions, until the Fiji Day of Auguft One thoufand eight

< hundred

Convictions not removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

General Iffue,

Treble Cofi:-,

50 G.3. c. no.

continued.

45 G. 3. c.i*8.

§7.

Hosted by Google

444

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817*

49 G.3. c.98.

45 G. 3- c. 128. i'o far as relates to Coals being brought by the Canal, and 49 G. 3-c.98. refpedling the Duty,continued.

11 G. 1. c.34,

11 G. 1. c. 27.

C. 114, 115.

1 hundred and fix,the bringing a limited Quantity of	Culm	or

4 Cinders to London and Wellminller, by Inland Navigation, certain 4 Duties were impofed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along * the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London than the 4 Stone or Poll thereby required to be eredted and maintained, on or 4 near to the Towing Path of the faid Grand Junction Canal, at or 4 near the North Eall Point of Grove Parky and contiguous to the 4 Wharf then in the PolTeflion and Occupation of the Earl of Claren-4 don ; And Whereas the Amount of the faid Duties was altered by 4 Three Adis of the Forty fixth, Forty feventh and Forty eighth 4 Years of the Reign of His prefent Majelly : And Whereas by 4 Schedule A, annexed to an Adi palled in the Forty ninth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled An Aft for repealing 4 the fever al Duties of Cufoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof other Duties are impofed in 4 lieu thereof upon the faid limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and 4 Cinders under the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridtions of the c faid firlt recited Adi : And Whereas the faid recited Adis were 4 further continued by feveral fubfequent Adis until the Firft Day 4 of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen :	And

4 Whereas it is expedient that the faid Adis fhould be further con* 4 tinned Be it therefore enadted, That the faid firft recited Adi of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, fo far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Rellridtions under which the faid limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the faid Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the faid Stone or Poll, and the faid recited Adi of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majelly regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, fhall be and the fame are hereby further continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. CXV.

An Adi to extend the Provifions of an Adi of the Twelfth Year of His late Majefty King George the Firft, and an AD of the Twenty fecond Year of His. late Majefty King George the Second, againft Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to fecure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery.

[nth July 1817.]

4 IT THE REAS the pernicious Practice of paying the Wages of 4 VV Labourers concerned in the Woollen Trade in Goods was 4 by the Provifions of an Adi of the Twelfth Year of the Reign 4 of His late Majelly King George the Firfb, intituled An Ad; to 4 prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen 4 Manufactures, and for belter Payment of their Wages, prohibited 4 by certain Regulations and under certain Penalties therein enadled :

4 And Whereas, though the Provifions of this A61 were extended 4 by the Adi of the Twenty fecond Year of the Reign of His 4 late Majelly King George the Second, intituled An Ad for the

i more

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 115, 116.

445

( more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abufes committed by Per-4 fons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, ‘ Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Irony Leather, /Ar, Hempy Flax, Mohair 4 and Silk Manufactures ; and for preventing unlawful Combinations 4 of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all 4 Perfons employed in the faid feveral Manufactures, and for the 4 better Payment of their Wages; yet the Security thereby given, 4 for the Receipt of their Wages in Money, is in neither of thefe 4 ACts extended to labouring Men employed in the Manufacture of 4 Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of 4 Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery : And Whereas 4 great Injury and Lofs have arifen to labouring Men employed in 4 the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron 4 combined, and of Plated Articles or of other Articles of Cutlery,

4 from being paid their Wages in Goods, or by way of Truck,

4 or other wife than in the lawful Coin of this Realm :* Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Provisions of the aforefaid ACt of (he Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, which prohibits the Payment of the Wages of Perfons employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Goods, and to fecure the Payment of every Part of their Wages in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, be extended to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles or of other Articles of Cutlery.

II. And be it further enaCted, That all the Provifions of the faid ACt, to facilitate the Labourers in the Woollen Trade recovering the Wages for which they have ftipulated, or to which they are entitled, as well as the Provifions impofing a Penalty on Mafters paying Labourers in Goods, be extended to Perfons employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery, in as full and ample a manner a3 if they had been enumerated in the aforefaid ACt; and that all Remedies, Penalties, Modes of Recovery, Powers and Privileges, and all other matters and things therein for thefe Purpofes contained, be and they are hereby extended to Parties concerned in fuch Manufactures or connected therewith.

CAP. CXVI.

An ACt for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Production of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehoufing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpofe of Exportation ; for altering the Hours for Shipping Goods in the Port of London ; and to empower Officers of the Cultoms and Excife to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame Port.	[nth	July 1817.]

x TT7HEREAS an ACt patted in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign * VV of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to permit the 4 Removal of -Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port in

4 Great

Provifions of 12 G. 1. c. 34. extended to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, See.

Provifions in 22 G. 2. c.27. applicable to this A6L,

50 G.3. c.64*

§2.

Hosted by Google

446

C. 116.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Conditions of fuch Bond (hall be to produce Certificate within Two in (lead of Three Months.

l KHz. c.n. § a.

Goods may be taken on board Veftels before and until Sunfet from 30th Sept, to the I ft of March in any Year.

52 G.3. c.142.

Si.

4 Great Britain where firji warehoufed to any other Warehouftng Port 4 for the Purpofe of Exportation, whereby it is provided, that on 4 the Removal of Goods from any Whrehoufe where they have been 4 lodged or depofited under the Regulations of certain Afts of Par-4 liament therein recited or mentioned, to any other Port of Great 4 Britain, for the Purpofe of being exported from fuch Port, Bond 4 {hall be entered into with Condition to produce a Certificate that 4 the Goods have been delivered within Three Months from the Date * of the Bond: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the time for 4 producing fuch Certificate Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Conditions of every Bond given for the truly delivering any fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize under the faid Provifion of the faid recited Aft, {hall be to produce the Certificate of fuch Delivery within Two Months from the Date of the Bond, inftead of Three Months as required by the faid in part recited Aft; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 II. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Firft Year of the 4 Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Aft 4 limiting the times for laying on Land Merchandize from beyond 4 the Seas, and touching Cujloms for Sweet Wines, it is provided, that 4 no manner of Perfon or Perfons {hall receive or take into any Ship, 4 Crayer or other Veffel, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize (except 4 as therein before excepted), to be tranfported into any Place beyond 4 the Sea, by way of Merchandize, at any other Hour or time than 4 from the laft of September until the Firft of March, between the 4 Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four at the Afternoon : And 4 Whereas it is expedient to permit Goods which have been put off 4 from the Quays in the Port of London within the legal Hours to be 4 received on board the exporting Veffels until Sunfet within the 4 Period hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to receive or take, at any time before and until Sunfet, from the Thirtieth Day of September to the Firft Day of March in each Year; into any Ship or Veffel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which may be lawfully exported, and which have been put off or water-borne from any Quays in the Port of London, according to Law, within the legal Hours for putting off the fame ; any thing in the faid recited Aft, or any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

4 III. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fecond Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to permit 4 the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufc to another in 4 the fame Port, it is enafted, that it {hall and may be lawful for the 4 Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of any Goods, Wares or Mer-4 chandizc, which have been or may be lodged or depofited in 4 any Warehoufe or Warehoufes or otherwife fecured under the 4 Regulations of certain Afts (therein particularly mentioned), to 4 remove any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Ware-4 houfe or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been firft 4 depofited or otherwife fecured in the Port of London, or any other

4 Port

Hosted by Google

A.D.I817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 116, 117.

447

< Port in Great Britain, under the Regulations of the faid Adts or 4 either of them, to any other Warehoufe or Place in the fame Port 4 wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoufed 4 or otherwife fecured, provided that Permiflion for that Purpofe fhall 4 have been previoufly obtained from the Commiflioners of His ‘ Majefty's Cuftoms in England or Scotland (as the cafe may be), 6 and alfo from the Commifiioners of Excife in England or Scotland ( (as the cafe may be), if fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be ( removed fhall be fubjedt to any Duty of Excife, and that the Re-4 moval takes place at the Rifle and Expence of the Importer, 4 Proprietor or Confignee, under fuch Regulations as the faid Com-c miflioners refpedlively may deem neceflary for the Security of the ‘ Revenue : And Whereas it would afford greater Difpatch if the

*	feveral Colledlors and Comptrollers of the Cuftoms and Excife 6 refpedlively at the feveral Ports in Great Britain, other than the c Port of London, were empowered to permit Goods, Wares and c Merchandize to be removed from the Warehoufe or Place wherein 4 or at which the fame may have been firft depofited or otherwife

*	fecured under the Regulations of the faid Adis or either of them, to 4 any other Warehoufe or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which c the like Articles are allowed to be warehoufed or otherwife 4 fecured Be it therefore enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Cuftoms and of the Excife (in cafes where that Revenue is concerned) at any of the Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, to permit any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be removed from the Warehoufe or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been firft depofited or other-wife fecured, at any of the Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, under the Regulations of the faid Adis or either of them, to any other Warehoufe or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoufed or other-wife fecured, under fuch Regulations as may be deemed neceflary by the Lord High Treafurer or the Commifiioners of His Majefty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Security of the Revenue, and fubjedl to all the Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Reftridlions, Adis, matters and things contained in the aforefaid recited Adt pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign.

CAP. CXVII.

An Adi to regulate the ifluing of Extents in Aid.

[nth July 1817.]

WHEREAS Extents in Aid have in many cafes been iflued for the levying and recovering of larger Sums of Money * than were due to His Majefty by the Debtors on whole behalf fuch 4 Extents were iflued, and it is expedient to prevent fuch Pradlice in ‘ future ; and in other cafes Extents in Aid have been iflued at the c Inftance and for the Benefit of Perfons indebted to His Majefty 6 by Simple Contradt only p Be it therefore enadled by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tha't upon the ifluing of every Extent in Aid, on behalf of any Debtor to His

Majefty,

Collectors, Sec. at any Port other than London, may permit Goods to be removed from one Warehoufe to another in any Port of G. B. (except the Port of London) under fuch Regulations as Treafury may deem neceflary, lubjeCl to 53 G.3. c. 142-

Amount of Debt due to the Crown ftatecl and ipecified in

Hosted by Google

448

C. 117.

57° GEO. III.

Fi3t, to be in-dorfed upon the Writ, as the Sum to be levied by the Sheriff.

Regulation when Debt of lefs Amount than dated and fpecified in Fiat.

If any Overplus of Money produced by Sale of Lands, &c.

Court to difpofe of it upon fum-mary Application.

Not to prejudice the Debtor to the Crown in recovering the Remainder of any Debt.

A.D.1817.

Majefty, after the palling of this A£t, His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler> or the Chancellor of His Majefty’s Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron or other Baron of the faid Court, granting the Fiat for the ifTuing of fuch Extent in Aid, fhall caufe the Amount of the Debt or Sum of Money due or claimed to be due to His Majefty to be ftated and fpecified in the faid Fiat; and that in all cafes in which the Debt or Debts found due to the Debtor to His Majefty fhall be equal to or exceed the Debt ftated and fpecified in the faid Fiat as aforefaid, the Amount of the Debt fo ftated and fpecified in the faid Fiat fhall be indorfed upon the Writ, and the Writ fo indorfed fhall be deemed to be and be the Authority and Direction to the Sheriff or other Officer who fhall execute fuch Writ, in making his Levy and executing the fame, as to the Amount to be levied and taken under the faid Writ; and that in all cafes in which the Debt or Debts found due to the Debtor to His Majefty fhall be of lefs Amount than the Debt ftated and fpecified in the faid Fiat as aforefaid, the Amount of fuch Debt or Debts found due to fuch Debtor to His Majefty fhall be indorfed upon the Writ, and the Writ fo indorfed fhall be deemed to be and be the Authority and Direction to the Sheriff or other Officer who fhall execute the faid Writ, in making his Levy and executing the fame, as to the Amount to be levied and taken under the faid Writ ; and that the Money levied, taken, recovered or received under or by virtue of every fuch Extent in Aid fo profecuted and iffued, fhall be, by Order of the faid Court, paid over to and for His Majefty’s Ufe, towards Satisfadlion of the Debt fo due to His Majefty as aforefaid.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in every cafe in which the Sum produced by the Sale of any Lands, Goods or Chattels taken, or by the Receipt of any Sum of Money by any Sheriff or other Officer under any fuch Writ of Extent, for the purpofe of levying the Amount or Sum of Money indorfed upon the Back of the Writ, fhall be mo're than fufficient to fatisfy the Amount of the Sum fo indorfed upon the Writ, fuch Overplus fhall be paid into the Court of Exchequer, together with the faid Amount indorfed upon the faid Writ; and the faid Court fhall, upon any fummary Application or Applications, make fuch Order, for the Return, Difpofal or Diftribution of any fuch Surplus, or any Part or Proportion thereof, as to the faid Court fhall appear to be proper.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adft contained, and no Seizure of any Debt into the Hands of His Majefty, or Part Recovery or Payment of fuch Debt, or other Proceeding had under or in purfuance of this A£t, or in relation to the applying for, obtaining or executing any fuch Writ, or difpofing of any fuch Overplus, fhall affe£t or in any manner prejudice, either at Law or in Equity, any Right, Claim or Demand of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Debt fhall have been due or owing, when feized into His Majefty’s Hands, or his or their Aflignee or Affignees, or Executor or Executors, or Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators, as to the remaining Part of fuch Debt, or as to the fuing any Perfon or Perfons againft whom any fuch Writ fhall have iffued, or whofe Lands or Goods fhall have been feized or taken under any fuch Writ, for the Refidue or remaining Part of fuch Debt, or as to the Recovery of or receiving any Refidue or remaining Part of any Debt fo feized or in Part levied, recovered or paid, or any

further

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

C. 117.

44<)

57° GEO. III.

further or other Debt feized or fued for under or by virtue of any fuch Extent, but Hill remaining due and unpaid, either in the Whole or in Part; but that it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Per-fons as aforefaid, his or their Aflignee or Aflignees, Executor or Executors, or Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators, to demand, fue for, and recover the Remainder of any fuch Debt fo feized, or any other Debt or Debts, by the like Procefs and in the fame manner as if no fuch Extent in Aid had iffued ; any thing contained in any ACl or A&s of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this Adi it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, Companies or Societies of Perfons, Corporate or not Corporate, who fhall or may be indebted to His Majefty by Simple Contract only ; nor for any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Companies or Societies, who fhall or may be indebted to His Majefty by Bond for anfwering, accounting for, and paying any particular Duty or Duties, or Sum or Sums of Money, which fhall arife or become due and payable to His Majefty from fuch Perfon or Perfons, Companies or Societies refpe&ively, for and in refpedf and in the Courfe of his or their particular Trades, Manufactories, Profeflions, Bufmeffes or Callings; nor for any Sub Diftributor of Stamps who fhall have given Bond to His Majefty ; nor for any Perfon who fhall have given Bond to His Majefty, either jointly or feparately, as a Surety only for fome other Debtor to His Majefty, until fuch Surety fhall have made Proof of a Demand having been made upon him on behalf of His Majefty, in confequence of the Non Performance of the Conditions of the Bond by the Principal, and then only to the Amount of the faid Demand ; to fue out and profecute any Extent or Extents in Aid, by reafon or on account of any fuch Debt or Debts to His Majefty refpe&ively, for the Recovery of any Debt or Debts due to iuch Perfon or Perfons, Companies or Societies, or to fuch Sub Diftributor of Stamps or Surety as aforefaid ; and that all and every Commiflion and Commifftons to find Debts, Extent and Extents in Aid, and other Proceedings which fhall be fo iffued or inftituted at the Inftance of or for fuch Simple Contract or Bond Debtor or Debtors refpe&ively, and all Proceedings thereupon, fhall be null and void : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to preclude Qr prevent any Perfons who fhall or may become Debtor or Debtors to His Majefty by Simple Contrad only, by the Collection or Receipt of any Money arifing from His Majefty’s Revenue for His Majefty’s Ufe, from applying for and filing out any Commiflion or Commifiions, Extent or Extents in Aid, in cafe one or more of fuch Perfons fhall be bound to His Majefty by Bond or Specialty of Record in the faid Court of Exchequer, for anfwering, fecuring, paying over or accounting for to His Majefty, the particular Duties or Sums of Money which fhall conftitute the Debt that may be fo then due from fuch Perfon or Perfons to His Majefty; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed, That no Extent in Aid fhall be iffued. on any Bond given by any Perfon or Perfons as a Surety or Sureties for the paying or accounting for any Duties which may become due to His Majefty from any Body

57 Geo. III.	G	g	or

Extents in Aid not to be fued out by Simple Contract Debtors to the Crown, or by Bond as herein mentioned, except in certain cafes.

Extent in Aid not to iflue on Bonds as Surety for Infurance Companies, &c.

Hosted by Google

450

C. 117,118.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

or Society, whether incorporated or otherwife, carrying on the Bufinefs of Infurance againft any Rifques either of Fire or of any other Kind whatever.

VI. And be it further ena£led, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who may now or who fhall hereafter be imprifoned under or by virtue of any Writ of Capias in any Extent or Extents in Aid, to apply to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland, or to any Baron of the fame Court in Vacation, for his, her or their Difcharge, giving One Month’s previous Notice in Writing to the Perfon or Perfons to whom he, fhe or they owed the Debt or Sum or Sums of Money for which he, fhe or they is or are fo imprifoned, at the time fuch Debt was feized under fuch Extent in Aid, of his, her or their Intention to make fuch Application, and hating in fuch Notice the Ground of fuch Application, and an Enumeration and Defcription of all and every the Property, Debts and Effe&s whatfoever of fuch Perfon or Perfons in his, her or their own Poffeffion or Power, or in the PofTeffion or Power of any other Perfon or Perfons for his, her or their Ufe ; and for the faid Court, or any fuch Baron in Vacation to whom fuch Application fhall be made, to order fuch Perfon or Perfons to be brought before them or him to be examined upon Oath touching and concerning his, her or their Property and Effects ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively fhall upon fuch Examination make a full Difclofure of all his, her or their Property and Effects, to the Satisfa£lion of the faid Court or Baron, or it fhall otherwife appear reafonable and proper to fuch Court or Baron that fuch Perfon or Perfons fhould be no longer imprifoned under Court may order fuch Writ, for fuch Court or Baron to order a Writ of Superfedeas Writ of Super- qUOad Corpus to be iffued out of the faid Court for the Liberation Corpus*U°a	^uck Berfon or Perfons from fuch Imprifonment: Provided al-

ways, that no fuch Liberation as aforefaid fhall be held or deemed to fatisfy or fuperfede fuch Extent in Aid or any Proceedings thereon, except as to fuch Imprifonment as aforefaid, or the Debt or Debts feized under and by virtue thereof, and for which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be fo imprifoned.

CAP. CXVIII.

An A£t for authorizing the Executors or Adminiflrators of deceafed licenfed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to fuch deceafed Agents.	[	11 th July 1817.]

<	117HEREAS Difficulties have arifen refpe6ling the Receipt

*	VV of Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of c Money due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commiffioned ‘ Officers of Marines and Marines, in cafes of the Death of Agents

*	licenfed in purfuance of an A6t of Parliament palled in the Forty 49 G.3 c. 123. f ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled An Act

c to explain and amend an ABy made in the Forty fifth Tear of His c prefent Majefiy, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better

<	and more ejfedually Manning His Majefiy* s Navy during the prefent i War ; and for the Encouragement of Seamen ; and for the better 6 and more effectually providing for the Interefi of the Royal Hofpital i for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at

‘ Chelfea ;

Per Lons impri-i'oned under Wtit of Capias in Extents in Aid, may apply to the Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland for their Difcharge.

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1S17-

57° GEO. III.

C. 118.

451

1 Chelfea ; and to extend the Provi/ions of the faid Aft to cafes 1 arifng in confequence of Hofilities commenced fince the pqffing?

‘ the faid Aft f Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft it lhall and may be lawful for the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch deceafed licenfed Agents, (fuch Executors or Adminiftrators having firft duly obtained Probate of the Wills or obtained Letters of Adminiftration to the Effects of fuch Agents,) upon any Order given to fuch Agents in their Lifetime for the Payment of any Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money therein mentioned, to receive the fame by fuch Order in like manner as the Agents when living could have done : Provided always, that every fuch Order fhall continue revocable at Pleafure, as before the palling of this Aft, by the Perfon making the fame : Provided alfo, that fuch Executors or Adminiftrators lhall, before they lhall receive any Part of fuch Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, take out a Licence for that Purpofe from the Treafurer of His Majeftyks Navy for the time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the fame on good and fufficient Security (to be approved by the faid Treafurer) being given by Bond, as in the cafe of Licences to Agents to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, and for which Licence the like Payment lhall be made, and the Money received for the fame lhall be paid over in like manner as in the cafe of the faid other Licences ; and which Licences fo to be taken out by fuch Executors or Adminiftrators lhall be in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date thereof, and be revocable by the Treafurer of His Ma-jefty's Navy as in the cafe of the faid other Licences.

< II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Treafurer of His c Majefty's Navy for the time being fhould be authorized to revoke ‘ Licences granted to Perfons to receive Pay, Prize Money, Bounty 6 Money and other Allowances of Money of Petty Officers and ‘ Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and Marines, who ‘ fhall not have duly accounted with or lhall have praftifed any 6 Fraud or Impofttion on the perfonal Reprefentatives of fuch 6 Petty Officers or Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines ‘ or Marines Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Treafurer to revoke any fuch Licence to any fuch Agent as afore-faid, or to the Executors or Adminiftrators of any fuch deceafed Agent, for not having duly accounted with, or for any Fraud or Impofttion praftifed on, any perfonal Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of any deceafed Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in fuch and the fame manner as any fuch Licence is now by Law revocable for fuch Agents not duly accounting with or praftifing any Fraud or Impofttion on any fuch Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine.

6 III. And Whereas under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft 6 the Treafurer of His Majefty's Navy is authorized to withdraw c Licences from fuch Licenfed Agents as are therein mentioned only

G g 2	‘in

Executors, See. of deceafed Agents, where an Order has been given for the Payment of Prize Money, may receive the fame on taking out a Licence.

Licence to be in force Three Years.

Such Licences may be revoked by Treafurer of the Navy for Fraud, &c.

49 G. 3. c. 123. §37*

Hosted by Google

452

C.118, 119.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Licences under recited A£l may be revoked by Treafurer of the Navy for Mil-condu£t towards Commiffioned or Warrant Officers, as well as to Petty Officers and Seamen,&c.

c» 3^. ante.

Stone Bottles tiled for containing Liquid Blacking hereinafter defcribed, exempted from the Duty under recited A£l.

* in the cafes of Mifconduft towards Petty Officers and Seamen,

4 Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and Marines : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities given 4 to the faid Treafurer in thofe cafes fhould be extended to all fuch 4 like cafes of Mifconduft by fuch Agents towards all Commif-4 honed and Warrant Officers in His Majefly’s Naval Service, and 4 Commiffioned Officers in the Royal Marines, and their refpedlive 4 Perfonal Reprefentatives, in refpeft to any Pay, Prize Money,

4 Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money which may be due 4 to or for the Services of fuch Perlons refpedtively ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Treafurer of His Majefly’s Navy for the time being to revoke, in the manner in the faid recited A£t mentioned, any Licence which may have been granted under the Authority of the faid Act for any fuch like Mif-condudt as therein mentioned, by any fuch Agent committed or to be committed towards any Commiffioned or Warrant Officer in His Majefty’s Naval Service, or Commiffioned Officer in the Royal Marines, or his perfonal Reprefentative or Reprefentatives, in any manner relating to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, which may be due to or for the Services of any fuch Officers refpe&ively.

CAP. CXIX.

An A£t to exempt Britijh and Irijh Stone Bottles, made and ufed for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blacking, from the Duties of Excife on Stone Bottles granted by an A6t of this Seffion of Parliament.	[nth July 1817.]

4 TT7HEREAS by an A61 made in this Seffion of Parliament, 4 VV intituled An Ad to repeal the Duties of Excife on Stone 4 Bottles, and charge other Duties in lieu thereof a Duty of Excife 4 of Five Shillings is impofed for every Hundred Weight of Stone 4 Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure, made in Ireland and 4 imported from thence into Great Britain ; and by the faid A6t a 4 Duty of Five Shillings is impofed for every Hundred Weight of 4 Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure, made in Great 4 Britain : And Whereas it is expedient to exempt Stone Bottles 4 made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from 4 thence into Great Britain, and ufed for the foie Purpofe of contain-4 ing Liquid Blacking, and which fhall be of the Defcription here-4 inafter mentioned, from the Duties hereinbefore recited and im-4 pofed by the faid A& Be it therefore enadled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, all Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and ufed for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blacking, and which fhall be of the Defcription hereinafter particularly mentioned and fpecified, fhall be wholly exempted and freed from the feveral hereinbefore recited Duties impofed, and fhall not be entitled to the Drawback granted by the faid A£t.

II. And be it further enabled, That every Bottle made in Great

Britain,

Hosted by Google

A.D.l 817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 119, 120;

453

Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Defcription of Britain, of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or	ed^'

mixed with any other Material or Materials, which fhall not exceed fram One Pint in Meafure, and the Mouth and Neck of which fhall be not

lefs than One Inch and a half in Diameter in the narroweft Part of the Infide thereof, and which fhall be permanently ftamped in the making thereof, in fair and legible Charadfcrs, with the Words 44 Blacking Bottle,” and no other, fhall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle made for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blacking within the meaning of this A6t, and be exempted from the faid Duties.

III.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, fell any fuch Stone Bottle or Bottles as afore-faid for any Purpofe or Ufe whatfoever other than and except for the foie Purpofe of containing Liquid Blacking, or fhall attempt to export the fame upon Drawback, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures whatfoever, to be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, refpedtively ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who, fhall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enadbed, That the Commiflioners of Excife in England and Scotland refpedlively, or any Three or more of them refpedlively, fhall and they refpedlively are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe any Sum or Sums of Money which fhall have been charged as any fuch Duty for or in refpedl of any fuch Bottles as aforefaid hereby exempted from Duty, to be difcharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any fuch Charge, or Sum or Sums of Moneye,

Selling fuch Bottles for any other Purpofe than for containing Blacking, or attempting to export them on Drawback,

Penalty.

Charge of Duty on fuch Stone Bottles to be difcharged.

CAP. CXX.

An Adi to authorize the Court of Directors of the Eajl India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain Cafes, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the faid Company.	[nth	July	1817.]

4 TT7HEREAS by an Adi of Parliament made in the Thirty 39G.vc.89. 4 VV ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,. intituled § 1—

4 An Ad for the regulating the Manner in which the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies fhall hire and 4 take up Ships for their regular Service, various Provifioris, regu-4 lating the manner in which the faid United Company fhall hire and 4 take, up Ships for their Service, are now in force ; and according 4 to the Effedl of fuch Provifion the faid United Company are not 4 at liberty to releafe the Owners of Ships taken up for their Ser-4 vice from their feveral Contradls, or to grant them any Rate of * Freight beyond what they are entitled to under fuch Contradls:

G g 3	4	And

Hosted by Google

454

C. 120.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

Eafl: India Con'.-r pany may allow the Owners of certain Ships herein named an additional Sum for Freight,

although afloat in time of Peace,

Such Allowance not to exceed the Rates per Ton herein mentioned.

f And Whereas by reafon of the long Duration of the late War, and ‘ the Continuance of the extraordinary Price of Articles of Equip-‘ ment of Ships after the Conclufion of Peace, great Hardfhips < might arife in compelling the Owners of certain Ships now in 6 the Service of the faid United Company to a literal Execution of 4 their Contra&s ; and therefore it is expedient that the Court of 4 Dire&ors of the faid United Company fhouldbe empowered, under 4 reafonable Limitations, to give them fome Relief in refpeft thereof Be it therefore enadfed by The King’s Mod: Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in cafe the Owners of all or any of the Ships hereafter mentioned ; that is to fay, The Lady Melville, The Princefs Amelia, The Lowther Caflle, The Phoenix, The Charles Grant, The Afia, The Rofe, The Prince Regent, The Marquis Welling-ton9 The Carnatic, The William Pitt, The Marchionefs of ElyThe AJlelli The Marquis Camden, The Warren Hajlings, The Minerva, The Lord CaJllereagh, The Princefs Charlotte of Wales, The Streatham, The Bombay, The Inglis, The Marquis Huntley, The Cajlle Huntley, and The Cabalva> fhall pay or fecure to the faid United Company by way of Penalty, for each and every of the Six Voyages contracted to be performed by each of the faid Ships refpedtively, oil a permanent Peace Freight under the Provifions of the faid A£t, which had not been performed or commenced on the Twentieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, the Sum of Eight hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, being One fixth Part of the Penalty of Five thoufand Pounds, incurred by not performing the Whole of fuch Six Voyages according to the terms of their refpedtive Contra&s; it fhall and may be lawful to and for. the Court of Directors of the faid United Company to make and allow, and to pay and caufe to be paid, to the Owners ot the faid Ships, or to fuch of them who fhall have fo paid or given Security for Payment of the faid Penalty aforefaid, fuch Allowances and Payments over and above the Peace Freight and Demurrage which the faid Ships refpe&ively fhall be entitled to under and by virtue of their feveral Contracts, in refpedt of every Voyage performed or to be performed after the faid Twentieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, as to • the faid Court of Directors fhall appear juft and reafonable, with Reference to the Prices and Expence of Stores and Articles of Outfit which prevailed in the Autumn of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, although fuch Ship or Ships may have come afloat or hereafter may come afloat, in time of Peace ; the faid Aft of Parliament palled in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or any Contract or Agreement, or any other Matter, Claufe or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid Court of Directors to make and allow, and to pay or caufe to be paid to the Owners of any of the faid Ships of One thoufand Tons and upwards, any Sum or Allowance exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds^/* Ton, nor to the Owners of any of the faid Ships of lefs than One thoufand Tons, any Sum or Allowance exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings per Ton, according to Builders’ Meafurement, over and above the Rate of Peace Freight

which

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 120.

45 5

which the Owners of the faid S'hips refpedlively are entitled to receive under and by virtue of their exifting Contracts ; nor any Rate of Freight which, added to the Rate of Peace Freight, which the Owners of the faid Ships refpedlively are entitled to receive under and by virtue of their exifting Contrails, would amount to more than the Rate of Twenty fix Pounds per Ton for Ships of One thoufand Tons and upwards, and Twenty fix Pounds Ten Shillings Ton. for Ships of lefs than One thoufand Tons, according to Builders*

Meafurement.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That in cafe on Abatement any Voyage or Voyages which the faid Ships, or any of them, in cafe of fhall have to perform under and by virtue of their faid Contrails, Redn&ion in the Prices and Expence of Stores and Articles of Outfit fhall be re- rlce0 1 rtIt €s' duced below the Prices and Expence thereof which prevailed in the

Autumn of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, then there fhall be a proportionable Abatement made from any extra Payment which fhall have been agreed to be allowed under the Authority of this Ail, to the Owners of any of the faid Ships in re-fpedl of fuch Voyage or Voyages.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if any fuch In cafe Ship Ship fhall be loft or captured on any fuch Voyage as aforefaid, or is loft, or meet

fhall meet with any Accident, whereby her Owners fnall, according Wlt1}1 Accident

i . r	J	a	^	°	as herein men-

to their relpective Agreements or Charterparties, 1 ole or be de- tioned Owners

prived of any Claim upon the faid United Company for any Pay- not to pay the

ment of Freight in refpedl of fuch Voyage, then and in every fuch Sum herein

cafe it fhall not be lawful for the faid United Company to exadl mentioned;

from the Owners of fuch Ship, for and in refpedl of fuch Voyage,

the Payment of the faid Sum of Eight hundred and thirty three

Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; and in cafe the faid Sum or if paid,

fhall have been adlually paid to the faid United Company, the fame refunded.

fhall be refunded to the faid Owners.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That in cafe on any If the Owners Voyage or Voyages which any of the faid Ships fhall have to per- become entitled form under their feveral exifting Contracts, the Owners of fuch ^ additional Ships fhall hereafter become entitled under and by virtue* of fuch m ^e^War Contrails to any Allowance in refpedl of additional Charges arifing then no Allow-* to them in time of War and Hoftilities, or Preparations for War and ance under this Hoftilities, then and in fuch cafe the Owner fhall not be entitled to

have for fuch Voyage or Voyages any Payment or Allowance under or by virtue of this A6b ; but the Payments to be made for fuch Ships in refpedl of fuch Voyage or Voyages fhall be regulated and afcertained and made as they would have been according to the Rights of the Parties in cafe this A<51 had not been made.

VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That nothing Provifofor herein contained fhall extend, be deemed or taken to prejudice, or Rights of Own-in any manner to affedl the Rights of fuch Owners of any of the ers not paying faid Ships as fhall not pay or fecure fuch Penalty as is hereinbefore Pena1ty-mentioned, but the Rights of fuch Owners fhall be and remain as if

this prefent Adi had not pafled ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That the Owners Owners not en-of any of the faid Ships, who fhall take any Advantage under or titled to demand by virtue of this Adi for any Voyage, fhall not be entitled to any ”?cre^ed ^eace increafed Peace Freight which they might other wife have been en- re's ‘

G g 4?	titled

Hosted by Google

456

C. 120, 121.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Provilo for exifting Con tra£ts, except for Ships herein enumerated.

How far Aft to vacate any other Contracts refpedting 'he Hire of Ships.

Proceedings of Court of Di-redtors relative to this Adi: to be laid before Parliament.

33Q.3.C.J2,

IS G.3. c. 31.

titled to under their exifting Contrafts in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall be deemed or taken to have Reference to or in any manner to affeft any Contrafts exifting between the faid United Company and the Owners of any Ships now ip their Service, other than thofe Contrafts between the faid United Company and the Owners of the Ships herein enumerated,

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall not, nor fhall any thing to be done by virtue thereof, extend or be conftrued to extend to releafe or difcharge the faid United Company, or the Owners of the faid feveral Ships, from any Part of the Contrafts and Agreements by which the faid Ships are feverally agreed to be hired by or let to the faid United Company, nor to alter or vary the terms of the fajd Contrafts further or otherwife than as by this Aft is exprefsly provided and enafted.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the Court of Direftors of the faid United Company (hall, and they are hereby required from time to time hereafter, to lay Copies of all Proceedings of the faid Court touching the Execution of this Aft before both Houfes of Parliament, at the fame time and together with the Accounts required to be annually laid before Parliament by an Aft palled in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft: for continuing in the Eaft India Company for a further Term the PoJfeJJion of the Britifh Territories in India, together with their exclifive Trade, under certain Limitations ; for efiallifioing Jur~ ther Regulations for the Government of the faid Territories, and the better Adminifiration of Jujlice within the fame ; for appropriating to certain Ufes the Revenues and Profits of the faid Company ; and for making Provifion for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay.

CAP. CXXI.

An Aft for regulating Payments to the Treafurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Impress.

[1 ith July 1817.3

4 TIT HE REAS by an Aft patted in the Twenty fifth Year of 4 VV the Reign of. His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for let-4 ter regulating the Office of Treafurer of His Majefiy’s Navy, all 4 Monies required by the Treafurer of His Majefty's Navy for the 4 time being for Navy Services are direfted to be rttued to tlie 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to be placed 4 to the Account or Accounts of fuch Treafurer, and drawn for in 4 the Manner therein mentioned : And whereas divers Sums of 4 Money are from time to time payable to fuch Treafurer under the 4 Heads of Old Naval Stores and Imprefts, which Monies have 4 hitherto been received by the Cafhier of His Majefty's Navy, and 4 paid into the Bank of England through the Hands of the Pay-4 matter of the Navy; And whereas it is expedient that all fuch 4 Monies fhould be paid immediately into the Bank of England9 4 without patting through the Hands of any Officer in the Trea-4 furer’s Department;' Be it therefore enafted by The King's Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

Spiritual

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 121, 122.

457

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Treafurer, &c.

the palling of this A61, whenever any Sum or Sums of Money fhall to give Orders

be payable by any Perfon or Perfons to the Treafurer of His ™ Wrhing to

Majefty’s Navy for or under the Head of Old Stores or Imprefts, make Payment^0

the faid Tr afurer, or the Paymafter or Deputy Pay mailer of the under the Head

Navy, or the Cafhier of the Navy or Victualling Department for the of Old Stores or

time being, as the cafe may require, fhall give an Order or Orders Imprefts to pay

in Writing to the Perfon or Perfons liable to make fuch Payments,	iniotne

directing and requiring him, her or them to pay the Money in fuch

Order or Orders ipecified to the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, to

be placed to the Credit of the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy; •

and the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Order or Orders fhall be

fo given is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the Sum

or Sums of Money therein fpecified to One of the Calhiers of the

Bank of England; and fuch Calhier fhall, upon Receipt of every

fuch Sum or Sums of Money, give to the Perfon or Perfons paying

the fame a Certificate or Receipt in Writing fpecifying the Amount

thereof; and the Certificate or Receipt of fuch Cafhier fhall upon Receipt of

every fuch Payment be a good and fufficient Difcharge to the Perfon Cafhier fuffirient

or Perfons making the fame for the Sum therein exprefled to be ^‘‘charge.

received ; and all and every Sums and Sum of Money fo paid into Money to be

the Bank of England fhall be placed to the fame Account of the placed to the

Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy, and fhall be drawn for in the fame Treafurer^ ^

manner as if the fame had been iffued from the Exchequer to the

Bank of England on the Account of fuch Treafurer in purfuance of

any Memorial or Application made by fuch Treafurer for that

Purpofe.

XI.	And be it further enafled, That no Certificate or Receipt to Certificate or be given or figned by any of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England in Receipt not to purfuance of this A6t fhall be fubje6t or liable to any Stamp Duty g® fU^xxjtt0 whatfoever impofed by any A 61 or A6ls of Parliament now in force,	U

nor to any Stamp Duty to be impofed by any future A 61 or A6ls of Parliament, unlefs fuch Certificates or Receipts fhall be fpecially Exception, fubje&ed to and charged with Stamp Duties by fuch future A6t or A6ls of Parliament.

CAP. CXXII.

An A61 to extend the Provifions of an A61 of the Twelfth Year of His late Majefty King George the Eirft, and an A61 of the Twenty fecond Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, againft Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to fecure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for extending the Provifions of the faid A61 s to Scotland and Ireland.	[nth	July	1817.]

*	YT7HEREAS the pernicious Pra&ice of paying the Wages

*	VV of Labourers concerned in the Woollen Trade in Goods

*	was by the Provifions of an A61 of the Twelfth Year of the 12 G. i.c.54,

4 Reign of His late Majefty ICing George the Firft, intituled An

4 All to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the

4 Woollen

Hosted by Google

458

C.122.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S17-

22 G. a. c. 27.

Proviftons of 12, G. I. C.34. extended to Labourers in Collieries.

Provifions in 22 G. 2. c. 27. applicable to this Act.

Provifions of recited Acts extended to Scotland and Ireland.

: Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages>

( prohibited by certain Regulations and under certain Penalties 1 therein enacted : And Whereas, though the Provifions of this A£l ‘ were extended by the Add of the Twenty fecond Year of the ‘ Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An ‘ Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abufes com-6 m'ltted by Perfons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in c the Woollen, Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp,

6 Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures ; andfor preventing unlawful 6 Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, c and of all Perfons employed in the faid feveral Manufactures, and < for the better Payment of their Wages ; yet the Security thereby c given, for the Receipt of their Wages in Money, is in neither of 6 thefe A6ts extended to labouring Men working in Collieries, and 6 other BufinefTes conne&ed with the Trade of working and getting 6 Coal: And Whereas great Injury and Lofs have arifen to labour-c ing Men working in Collieries and other BufinefTes connected with c the getting of Coal, from being paid their Wages in Goods or c by way of Truck, or otherwife than in the lawful Coin of this 6 Realm:’ Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll: Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Provifions of the aforefaid A 61 of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, which prohibits the Payment of the Wages of Perfons employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Goods, and to fecure the Payment of every Part of their Wages in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, be extended to Labourers employed in working and getting Coal in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Provifions of the faid A 61, to facilitate the Labourers in the Woollen Trade recovering the Wages for which they have ftipulated, or to which they are entitled, as well as the Provifions impofing a Penalty on Mailers paying Labourers in Goods, be extended to Perfons employed in Collieries, and in working and getting Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been enumerated in the aforefaid A6t; and that all Remedies, Penalties, Modes of Recovery, Powers and Privileges, and all other Matters and Things therein for thefe Purpofes contained, be and they are hereby extended to Parties concerned in Coal Works, or connected therewith.

III. And be it alfo further enacted, That the Provifions of the A6fs of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, and of the Twenty fecond Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, be extended, and are hereby extended to Scotland and Ireland.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

45 9

CAP. CXXIII.

An ACt for impofing a Duty of Excite on the Excels of Spirits made from Corn in England above.the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh ; and for further fecuring the Duties on Wort or Wafh made for diftilling Spirits in England; and for authorizing the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Calks containing Sixty Gallons.	[i	ith July 1817.]

<	X JET HE REAS the Duties of Excife upon Wort or Wafh 4 VV brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England, and the 4 Countervailing Duties upon Spirits, are by Law impofed upon the 4 Computation of a certain Quantity of Spirits being extrafted from * One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh: And Whereas many 4 Makers and Diftillers of Spirits in England do extraft from fuch

<	Wort or Wafh a much larger Quantity of Spirits than fuch Pro-4 portion, whereby fuch Excefs of Spirits has been carried into 4 Conlumption without Payment of any Duty, to the great Injury 4 of Trade and of His Majefty’s Revenue ;* For remedy whereof, be it enafted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Maker or Makers, Difliller or Diftillers of Spirits in England fhall, in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July in every Year after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, make, diftil, extraft or produce, or fhall have made, diftilled, extracted or produced, from Wort or Wafh prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding, upon the Average of his, her or their Work in fuch Year, the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits, computed at the Strength of Eight per Centum over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of fuch Wort or Wafh fo diftilled into Spirits as aforefaid, every fuch Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers, fhall, in lieu of any Penalty for the Excefs upon fuch Average as aforefaid, pay Duty for all fuch Spirits exceeding the Proportion upon fuch Average as aforefaid, computed as aforefaid, at and after the Rate of Nine Shillings and Twopence halfpenny for every Gallon of all fuch Excefs and Exceffes, computed as aforefaid, over and above all other Duties on Wort or Wafh whatsoever.

II. And be it further enabled. That the Duty by this Aft impofed fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in England for the time being, and fhall be raifed, levied, collected, recovered and paid in fuch and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods by which the Duties of Excife on Wort or Wafh brewed or made for extracting Spirits for Home Confumption in England were or might be raifed, levied, collected, recovered and paid; and the Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities by this ACt refpeCtively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the laid Duty impofed by this Aft, fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations,

Diftillersmaking any Quantity of Spirits, exceeding on an Average of their Work for the Year in the Proportion herein mentioned, to pay, in lieu of Penalty, Duty on Excefs.

Duty to be under the Com-miHioners of Excife in England, and to be levied as other Duties on Spirits, and under the fame Rules and Penalties.

C. 123.

57° GEO. HI.

A.D.1817.

Duty carried to

Confolidaied

Fund.

After April 5, 1818, Houles for rectifying or compounding Spirits not to be ereeled or ufed within One Quarter of a Mile of a Still Houle, I’.c.; nor a Still Houle to be ufed xvithin One Quarter of a Mile of a Houfe for rectify ing or compounding.

Penalty.

Exemption in cafe herein mentioned.

Rules, Reftridions and Forfeitures to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or Commodities, were generally or fpecially fubjed and liable to by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Ad, refpeding the Duties of Excife on Wort or Walh as aforefaid, or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Excife in England were or might be fubjed or liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty’-, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Ad, for fecuring the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Excife refpedively, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execution for and in refped of the faid Duty hereby charged and impofed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies arifing by the Duty by this Ad impofed (the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler, and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV.	And be it further enaded/That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever fhall ered, fet up, enter, or make ufe of any Houfe or Place whatfoever in England for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, within the Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile in a dired Line from any Houfe or Place which fhall be entered or ufed for preparing Wort or Wafh, or for the making or diftilling of Spirits for Home Confumption, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits ; nor fhall any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever ered, fet up, enter or make ufe of any Houfe or Place whatfoever in England, for preparing Wort or Wafh, or for the making or diftilling of Spirits for Home Confumption, or for receiving or keeping Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, within the Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile in a dired Line from any Houfe or Place which fhall be entered or ufed for rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits ; on Pain of forfeiting in each and every fuch cafe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Week that fuch Houfe or Place fhall be ereded, fet up, entered or ufed refpeCtively as aforefaid ; and all and every Entries or Entry of any fuch Houfe or Place, fo made ufe of either for the redifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits, or for the preparing Wort or Wafh, or making or diftilling or keeping of Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of this Ad, (hall be null and Void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided always, that none of the Prohibitions, Penalties, Forfeitures or Enadments hereinbefore contained (hall

extend

57° GEO. III.

C. 128.

461

extend or apply, of be deemed or conftrued to extend or apply, to or in refped of any Houfe or Place, Scite or Premifes, which may have been ereded, fet up, entered, ufed, occupied or employed for preparing Wort or Waffi, or making or diftilling Spirits, or for the rectifying or compounding, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits refpedively, on the Eighteenth Day of June in the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and feventeen, or within One Month previous thereto, fo that no Spirits be at any time after the faid Fifth Day of April received from any Part of any fuch Houfe, Place or Premifes entered, ufed, occupied or employed by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, or from the Pofleffion or Stock of any fuch Maker or Diftiller, into any Part of any fuch Houfe, Place or Premifes entered, ufed, occupied or employed by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, or into the Stock or Pofleffion of any fuch Redifier or Compounder, by any Way, Means or Communication whatfoever, other than by Carriage of a Cart or Waggon through and by means of an open Street or Road.

V. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where any Houfe or Place, Scite or Premifes, ufed or employed for the preparing of Wort or Wafh, or for the making or diftilling of Spirits, or the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, and any Houfe or Place, Scite or Premifes, ufed or employed for the rectifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, ffiall be fituate within the faid Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile of each other, fo as to be entitled to the Exemption aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of Excife, or any Three or more of them, if they fhall think it expedient, at any time to give Twelve Calendar Months Notice at the leaft to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Houfe or Place fo ufed or employed for the rectifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, to difcontinue the Ufe and Employment of fuch Houfe or Place fo ufed and employed by fuch ReCtifier or Compounder, Redifiers or Compounders, and to remove the Trade or Bufinefs thereof to fome other Houfe or Place, Scite or Premifes, not within the faid Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile from the faid or any other Houfe or Place ufed or employed for preparing Wort or Wadi, or for the making or diftilling of Spirits, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits; Compenfation and Satisfaction being made to all and every the Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors, Occupier and Occupiers of any fuch Houfes or Places, Scites or Premifes, who ffiall fuftain or incur any Lofs, Damage or Injury by reafon or in confequence of fuch Difcontinuance or Removal, in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and at the Expiration of the time mentioned in fuch Notice, the Prohibitions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Enactments contained in this Ad ffiall apply to and be in force with refped to any fuch Houfe or Place in refped of which the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, ffiall have received fuch Notice as aforefaid, any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; and the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch

Houfe

Diftilling and re&ifying Houfes now fituated within a Quarter of a Mile of each other, may be removed, on giving Twelve Months’ Notice to the Owners, and making Compenfation for Damages.

Commiffioners may treat with Owners for the Expences incurred by Removal, and procuring

Hosted by Google

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

feme other Houle, Sec.

In cafe the Parties do not agree, Expences to be fettled by Act ion at Law.

Difference as to the Terms of the Iffue to be fettled by the Officer of the Court. Special Jury.

Cofls.

In lieu of the Credit for Spirits in proportion to the Quantity of

Houfe or Place, Scite or Premifes, fo ufed and employed for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any ReClifier or Compounder of Spirits as aforefaid, for the Expences incurred or to be incurred by fuch Removal, and in the procuring fome other Houfe or Place as aforefaid, and for the Compenfation and Satisfaction to be made to fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid for all and any Lofs, Damage and Injury he, fhe or they (hall or may fuflain or incur through, by reafon or in confe-quence cf fuch Difcontinuance or Removal, and alfo to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Houfe or Place, Scite or Premifes, ufed or employed for preparing Wort or Wafh, or for the making or diftilling of Spirits, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits, for the Compenfation and Satisfaction to be made to fuch laft mentioned Perfon or Perfons, or any of them, for all or any Lofs, Damage and Injury he, fhe or they fhall or may fuflain or incur through, by reafon or in confequence of the Difcontinuance or Removal of the Trade or Rufinefs of fuch ReCtifier or Compounder as aforefaid ; and in cafe the faid Commiffioners of Excife (hall not be able to agree with any of the faid Parties as to the Amount of fuch Expences, or fuch Compenfation and Satisfaction, then and in every fuch cafe the Amount of fuch Expences and fuch Compenfation and Satisfaction fhall be fettled and ascertained in an AClion upon a feigned Iffue or Iffues upon the Amount of fuch Expences and fuch Compenfation and Satisfaction, or of fuch Compenfation and Satisfaction only, as. the cafe may be, to be tried in any Court of Record at Wejlminjler, in which AClion the Parties claiming fuch Expences, or fuch Compenfation and Satisfaction, or any of them, fhall be the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and the Secretary of the Board of Excife for the time being, on behalf of the Commiffioners of Excife, fhall be the nominal Defendant, who fhall accept a Declaration and plead to the faid ACtion ; and in cafe any Difference fhall arife touching the terms of the faid Iffue, the fame fhall be fettled by the proper Officer of the faid Court in which fuch Iffue fhall be tried, and fuch Iffue fhall be tried before a fpecial Jury, to be l'ummoned, impannelled and reduced in the ufual manner, as in cafes of Adions at the Common Law ; and the faid Court fhall have Power to direCt a new Trial upon the faid Iffue if they fhall fee fit, and fhall give Judgment for the Amount ultimately awarded by the VerdiCl of fuch Jury, together with Colls to be taxed by the proper Officer ; and thereupon the faid Commiffioners of Excife fhall, within One Month afterwards, pay the faid Amount for which Judgment fhall be given to the faid Parties claiming as aforefaid : Provided always, that if the faid Commiffioners fhall have made an Offer to the faid Parties, or any of them, of a Sum of Money for fuch Expences, Compenfation and Satisfaction, or Compenfation and Satisfaction only, which Offer fhall not be accepted, the faid Parties refufing or declining fuch Offer fhall not be entitled to any Coils, unlefs there fhall be awarded by the Verdi Cl of a Jury as aforefaid a larger Sum by One Tenth Part than the Amount of fuch Offer.

VI. And be it further enaCted, That in lieu of the Credit for Spirits in proportion to the Quantity of Wort or Wafh made or brewed, to which Makers or Diftillers of Spirits in Englandare now

12	by

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

463

by Law entitled, every fuch Maker or Diftiller fhall, from and Wort, the after the Tenth Day of October One thouland eight hundred and Diftiller, after feventeen, be entitled to Credit for the whole Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength of Eight Centum over Hydrometer Credit for the Proof, which he, fhe or they (hall diftil, make, extraft or produce, whole Spirits, and which fhall be taken account of by the proper Officer in the computed at Spirit Calk provided by fuch Diftiller for the Reception of the Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh Stills ; and if at any time duced, after the Laid Tenth Day of October any fuch Maker or Makers,

Diftiller or Diftillers as aforefaid, fhall make, diftil, extract or produce, or there fhall be found in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion, any Excefs of Spirits over and above fuch Credit as aforefaid, computed as aforefaid, added to any Quantity of Raw Spirits legally brought and received into fuch Stock by Permit, all fuch Excefs and Exceftes fhall be deemed to be Spirits unlawfully made, and a Quantity equal thereto fhall and may be feized by any Excefs found Officer or Officers of Excife out of and from any Part of the Stock feized, and of any fuch Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers as aforefaid ; and fuch Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers, fhall, for every Gallon of fuch Excefs and Exceftes computed as aforefaid, forfeit Penalty aol. and lofe the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

4 VII. And Whereas by an Aft made iti the laft Seffion of 56 G. 3. c. 140. 4 Parliament, for eftablifhing the Ufe of an Hydrometer called § 2,

€ Sikes' Hydrometer in afcertaining the Strength of Spirits, inftead 6 of Clarke's Hydrometer, it is enafted, that in all Trials of the 4 Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife c with the faid Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer in any Part of 4 the United Kingdom, the Strength of Eight per Centum above i Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer,

4 fhall be fubftituted for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydro-4 meter Proof mentioned in an Aft made in the Twenty fixth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, among other things for the 4 better Regulation of the making and vending Britijh Spirits; or 4 in another Aft made in the Twenty eighth Year of His faid 4 Majefty’s Reign, among other things for better regulating the ‘ Exportation oF Britifh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, c and from Scotland to England; or of another Aft made in the 4 Thirtieth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, among other things to * continue Two Afts made in the Twenty eighth and Twenty ninth 4 Years of His laid Majefty?s Reign therein mentioned ; or of another c Aft made in the Fifty fecond Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign,

4 among other things for regulating the Warehouftng of Spirits 4 diftilled from Corn in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment c of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, or in any other Aft 4 or Afts of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of 4 Excife in any Part of the United Kingdom, in force immediately 4 before the palling of the faid Aft made in the laft Seffion of 4 Parliament; and that all Spirits made fubjefl to Forfeiture under 4 or by virtue of the faid laft mentioned Afts or any or either of 4 them, for or by reafon of their higher Degree of Strength than laft 4 aforefaid, fhall, together with the Calks and Packages containing 4 the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reafon of the faid ‘ Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the faid Eight

4 per

Hosted by Google

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

46 i

The Strength of Seven per Cent, above Proof, denoted by Sikei’ Hydrometer, (hall, in lieu of the Strength of Eight per Cent, above Proof, mentioned in 56 G. 3. c.140. be fubftituted for One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in any AS relating to Spirits. Regulations of all A<fts relating to Strength of Spirits, to extend to this AS.

Aftex Oft. 10, 1817, Walh, before it is put into the Still, to be conveyed from the fermenting VefTel to an entered circular or elliptical VefTel, called Jack Back, &c.

*	per Centum above Proof; and it was by the faid Aft provided, that c if the Strength of any Spirits manufaftured and imported from 6 that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great 6 Britain called England as afore faid (hall, upon Trial by any

<	Officer or Officers of Excife in England by the faid Hydrometer,

*	be denoted to be greater than that of Eight per Centum above c Proof, and fuch Excefs fhall not exceed Three per Centum over c and above the faid Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, c then and in fuch cafe the faid Spirits mall not be forfeited, but

<	fhall be charged with the further Duty proportioned to their ‘ faid Surplus Strength : And Whereas it has been found that the 4 faid Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by the ‘ faid Hydrometer, exceeds by more than One per Centum the 6 Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the

*	faid Afts, for which the fame is fubftituted as aforefaid ;* Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the Tenth Day of O&ober One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in all Trials of the Strength of any Spirits, the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes’ Hydrometer fhall, in lieu of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof mentioned in the faid Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in all and every of the faid Afts, and in all other Aft and Afts relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife on Britijh and Irijh Spirits refpeftively ; and that all and every of the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Provisoes, Enaftments, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures made and contained in any of the faid Afts, or in the faid Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, or in any other Aft: or Afts relating or applying to or in refpeft of any Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, or to Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof as the Subftitute thereof mentioned in the faid Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, fhall extend and apply and be put in force to and in refpeft of any Spirits of or above or under the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, as the cafe may happen to be, and as denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes’ Hydrometer, in lieu of the faid Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof refpeftively, mentioned in the faid Afts or any of them, as fully and effeftually as if the fame were hereby repeated and re-enafted in and by this Aft ; any thing in the faid Aft or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VIII, And for the better fecuring the Duties of Excife on Wort or Wafh, be it further enafted, That from and after the Tenth Day of O&ober One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Waffi ufed or made by any Maker or Diftiller of Spirits in England fhall, before it is put into his, her or their Still or Stills for Diftillation into Low Wines, be conveyed from each fermenting Back or VefTel in which it fhall have been fermented, into an entered circular or elliptical VefTel called Jack Back, having no Pipe or other Communication with any other VefTel or VefTels, Utenfil or Utenftls whatfoever, except with fuch fermenting Backs, and with the Wafh Still or Stills, by means of the Wafh Main Pipe and the Wafh Pump, and which Jack Back fhall be ufed for no other Purpofe, and fhall be of a Size not lefs than Three Fourths of the Content of the

Wafh

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

465

Wafh Still or Stills, including the Head or Heads thereof, intended

to be charged, and the mean Diameter of which at the Head fhall not

exceed the Depth thereof; and no more Wafh fhall be conveyed into

fuch Jack Back at one time than is fufficient to charge the Still or

Stills then intended to be charged ; and every Charge of Wafh

fhall be fo conveyed into fuch Jack Back before fuch Still or Stills

{hall be unlocked for the Purpofe of being charged ; and the whole

Quantity of Wafh conveyed into fuch Jack Back, after being

gauged by the Officer, (hall be conveyed into the Still or Stills ;

and if any Wafh ufed or made by any Maker or Diflilier of Spirits Diflilier not

in England fhall not, before it is put into the Still or Stills for complying with

Diftillation into Low Wines, be conveyed from each fermenting die Regulation!

Back or Veflel, into which it fhall have been fermented, into fuch ^.ere^ men~

Jack Back as aforefaid, or if fuch Jack Back fhall have any other lon *

Pipes or Communication than as aforefaid, or be ufed for any other Purpofe than as aforefaid, or if more Wadi be conveyed therein at one time than is necefTary to charge fuch Wadi Still or Wafh Stills, or if the Wafh, or any Part thereof, at any time conveyed into any fuch Wafh Back fhall be removed or conveyed from fuch Jack Back before the proper Officer fhall have taken an Account thereof in fuch Jack Back, or any Part thereof fhall be kept or concealed from fuch Officer in any manner whatfoever, or if the whole Quantity fo conveyed fhall not, after fuch Account thereof has been taken, be conveyed from fuch Jack Back into the Wadi Still or Wafh Stills in the manner herein directed, every fuch Maker or Diflilier fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty 500!.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful Directions for for any Maker or Makers, or Diflilier or Diflillers of Spirits in ufing the Velfel England, who fhall at the time of palling this A£t have and ufe any called JarkBack entered Jack Back for charging his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh now entered in Stills with Wafh, to continue to have and ufe fuch Jack Back for sdlb andVlfo the Purpofe of receiving the Wafh in the Courfe of its Paffage and the Mode of Tranfmiffion from the refpe£tive fermenting Backs into fuch J'ack conveying the Back, as by this A61 is required, for containing at one time the Wa(h to the Whole of the Wafh which is to be run, pumped or conveyed into the Wafh Still or Wafh Stills intended to be charged for any	ac is	not

Charge thereof, and there to be taken Account of by the proper Officer, fuch intermediate Jack Back not having at any time hereafter any Pipe or other Communication with any other VelTel or Utenfil whatioever, except the Wafh Main Pipe and entered Wafh Pump, nor being ufed for any other Purpofe than to contain Wafh in the Courfe of fuch Paffage or Tranfmiffion as aforefaid ; and for any Maker or Makers, or Diflilier or Diflillers of Spirits in Eng-land, in lieu of entering or ufing any Jack Back, to convey, by means only of his, her or their entered Wafh Pump, the Whole of his, her or their Wafh immediately from the Wafh Main Pipe, into his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh Stills, for the Purpofe of making and diflilling therefrom Low Wines, without running, pumping or conveying the fame into any Jack Back or other intermediate Veffel or Utenfil whatfoever ; any thing in this A 61 contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding : Provided, that no fuch Maker or Makers, Diflilier or Diflillers as aforefaid, fhall have or keep, or pump, run or convey into any Wafh Still or Wafh Stiib*

57 Geo. III.	H	h	any

Hosted by Google

4G6

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Di(tiller, Szc. offending.

Penalty 500I. After 061. ro, Difcharee Plugs, See. of Walh Back when charged, to be locked and levied, and opened by the proper Officer, to run the Walh into the Jack Back, &c.

Locks, Sec. provided at the Expence of Jjilliller, &c.

any Feints, Liquor, Water or other Matters or Things rwhatfoever except Wafh, or draw off or diftil any Walh from any Walh Still, until the Officer or Officers of Excife ffiall have gauged and taken Account therein of the whole Quantity of unmixed and undiluted Walh run, pumped or conveyed into fuch Walh Still or Walh Stills for the Charge thereof refpe&ively, without making any Allowance for the Expanfion of fuch Walh from Heat or otherwife, and afeertained that fuch Quantity of Walh is not lefs than Three Parts in Four of the Quantity which fuch Still, including the Head thereof, is capable of containing ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers as aforefaid, ffiall at any time hereafter ufe or employ any Jack Back for any other Purpofe than as aforefaid, or ffiali keep or continue any Walh in any fuch intermediate Jack Back as aforefaid, and not pump and convey the fame forthwith into the Jack Back hereinbefore required, in which all fuch Walh is to be gauged and taken Account of by the Officer as aforefaid,. or ffiall ufe or employ any Jack Back unentered, or having any Pipe or other Communication with any other VefTel or Utenfil than as aforefaid, or if any Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers as aforefaid, not ufing or employing any Jack Back whatsoever, ffiall not run, pump or convey the Whole of his, her or their Walh dire&ly from the Walh Main Pipe into his, her or their Walh Still or Wafh Stills as aforefaid, or ffiall have, keep, run, pump or convey any Feints, Liquor, Water or other Matter or Thing what-foever, into fuch Walh Still or Walh Stills, or draw off from or diftil therein any Wafh, until the proper Officer ffiall have gauged and taken an Account of the whole Quantity of unmixed and undiluted Walh in fuch Walh Still or Walh Stills at each and every Charge thereof refpe&ively, without making any Allowance for the Expanfion of fuch Walh from Heat or otherwife, and ffiali have afeertained that the fame is not lefs than Three Parts in Four of the Quantity which fuch Still, including the Plead thereof, is capable of containing, fuch Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers, in any fuch Cafe offending, ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enadled, That from and after the faid Tenth Day of 0Sober, all and every the Difcharge Plugs, Pipes and Cocks of every Wafh Back ufed or employed by any Maker or Makers, or Diftiller or Diftillers of Spirits in England, when charged with Wort or Wafh, ffiall be locked and fealed and opened by the proper Officer of Excife, for the Purpofe of enabling fuch Diftiller or Diftillers to run the Wafh from any fuch fermenting Back, of which Notice ffiall be given, into the Jack Back aforefaid, in order to charge the Wafh Still or Stills, in the fame manner as the Wafh Pump and charging Cock of the Wafh Still ufed by fuch Maker or Diftiller are now by Law required to be locked and fealed and opened by fuch Officer ; and that in like manner there ffiall be proper Faftenings and Locks provided for the fame to the Satisfa£lion of fuch Officer as aforefaid, at the Expence of fuch Maker or Diftiller ; and that the Wafh Main Pipe communicating between the fermenting Backs and the Jack Back aforefaid, ffiall be fo placed and fixed that all Wafh or Liquor put or entering therein ffiall run and be difeharged or conveyed from thence into the Jack Back, and will neither reft in fuch Main Pipe or run elfewhere, and ffiall have

no

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57dGEO. III.

C. 123.

467

iio Pipe or other Conveyance entering into or paffing out of the

fame, except the Plug Hole or Pipe from each fermenting Back

hereby diredled and required to be locked as aforefaid, and the

Sewer Cock or Pipe to be kept locked by the proper Officer, and

opened only for wafhing out or cleanfmg fuch Wafh Main Pipe, and

fiiall have no other Cock thereon whatever; and if any fuch Concealing, &c.

Maker or Diftiller (hall not provide, fix, maintain and keep fuch Wa(h,&c.

Wafh Main Pipe as aforefaid, or fiiall wilfully open, break or da-

inage, or caufe or fuffer to be opened, broken or damaged, any of

fuch Locks, Faftenings, Plugs, Pipes or Cocks, or ufe any other

Art or Contrivance whereby any Wafh may' or can be privately-

conveyed away or concealed from the Officer, or in any refpeft offend

in any of the Matters or Things aforefaid, every fuch Maker or

Diftiller (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds.	Penalty 5col.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no Redlifier or Redlifiers Re&ifiers felling

of Spirits fhall fell, fend out or deliver in England any rectified &c. aIiy other Spirits, not being Spirits of Wine, Briti/Jo Brandy, Britijh Gin or !^n f^.^0^ Compounds ; and that no raw Spirits fhall be fold, removed or de-	^c'

livered to, or bought, taken, had or received by or into the Stock raw Spirits, and or Poffeffion of any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits or Wine Denier whatfoever in England, not being an entered Redlifier of Spirits ; and if any fuch Spirits as aforefaid lhall be iold, removed or delivered to or taken, had or received by any fuch Dealer or Retailer as aforefaid, the fame, together with the Calks or other Packages in which the fame lhall be contained, and the Boats and other Velfels, Carts and other Carriages, and Horfes or Cattle ufed for removing the fame, lhall be refpedfively forfeited, and fiiall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon &nd Perfons refpedtivelyffelling, delivering, buying, removing, taking, having or receiving the lame, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That no Maker or Makers,

Diftiller or Diftillers, or Redlifier or Redlifiers of Spirits in England, receiving any Spirits, not being Foreign Spirits, into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, lhall break Bulk or draw off any Part thereof, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in any &c, till Officer refpedt alter the fame, or tap or open any of the Calks, or alter or takes an Ac-change any of the Packages containing any fuch Spirits, or the count of the

Stunts therein remnvprL until the nrnnpr OfiReei-

being an entered Rectifier, receiving.

Penalty acoh Mo Diftiller or Rectifier receiving Spirits, not being Foreign, to break Bulk,

Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Oificers of Ex-	and

cife fiiall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity ' thereof; and every fuch Maker, Diftiller and Redtifier as aforefaid fhall, on the Receipt of any fuch Spirits, give Notice thereof to his, her or their furveying Officer of Excife, and deliver to fuch Officer the Permit received by lrim, her or them with fuch Spirits, whereupon fuch Officer fiiall attend and take an Account of the Strength and Quantity of fuch Spirits ; and if any fuch Maker,

Diftiller or Redlifier, who fiiall receive any fuch Spirits into his,

her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, lhall fail to give fuch Notice and

deliver fuch Permit as aforefaid, or ffiall, unlefs fuch Officer lhall not Diftiller to give

attend within Three Hours after receiving fuch Notice and take Notice to Officer

fuch Account as aforefaid, break Bulk or draw off any Part of gf j^Ceipt °f

fuch Spirits, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in any refpedl

alter the fame, or tap or open any of the Calks, or alter or change

^	Hh	2	any	-

Hosted by Google

C. 123.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

463

Penalty 500I. Removing, Sec. without a Permit:, or a greater Quantity of Spirits than e^prefTcd in Permit, Sec.

Penalty.

What deemed a faille Permit.

Penalty.

What Dealer in Foreign Wine, having more than Two Gallons of Sp'rits of Wine at a time, or any other Britifli Spirits of greater Strength tlian herein mentioned,

any of the Packages containing any fuch Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excife ffiall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof, all fuch Spirits, or a Quantity equal thereto, ffiail be forfeited, and ffiall and may,be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and fuch Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers-, Re&ifier or Redfifiers fo offending, ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enabled. That any Maker or Makers, Diftiller or Diftillers, Redlifier or Rectifiers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits in England, who ffiall deliver, remove or receive any Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit is by Law required, without fuch Permit, or a greater Quantity of Spirits, or of a different Kind or Quality, than ffiall be expreffed in fuch Permit, or having obtained fuch Permit ffiall not fend out therewith the Spirits therein deferibed, or return the faid Permit within the Time now by Law required, and every Perfon or Perfons who ftiall fell, lend, deliver or employ, or make ufe of, or caufe or fuffer any fuch Permit as aforefaid, or any other Permit granted under any Law or Laws of Excife, to be fold, lent, delivered, employed or made ufe of to or for any other Ufe or Purpofe what-foever than to accompany the adlual Removal of the Spirits or Goods refpedtively for which the fame was obtained and granted, and which ftiall be therein expreffed or deferibed, or ffiall produce or caufe or fuffer the fame to be produced to any Officer or other Perfon, as having been received with any Goods other than as afore-laid, or ffiall in any manner ufe or employ, or caufe or fuffer to be ufed or employed, any Permit, fo as that any Account kept or checked or to be kept or checked by the Officer or Officers of Excife by fuch Permit ffiall or may be fruftrated or evaded, he, ffie or they ffiall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and Forfeitures whatfoeverand every Permit ufed for any Purpofe whatfoever other than to accompany the Removal of the Spirits or Goods refpeftively for which it was obtained and granted, and which ffiall be therein expreffed or deferibed, ftiall be deemed and taken to be a falfe Permit, and fuch Ufe ffiall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, fubjedl the Perfon or Perfons fo ufing the fame to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by Law upon any Perfon or Perfons for ufing, giving or receiving any falfe Permits

XIV. And be it further enadted, That no Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine, not being an entered Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits in England, ffiall have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Spirits of Wine exceeding Two Gallons at any one time, or any other Britifh Spirits, except Spirits of Wine, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Twenty per Centum under Hydrometer Proof; and if any fuch Dealer as aforefaid, not being an entered Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits as aforefaid, ftiall have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Spirits of Wine exceeding Two Gallons at one Time, or other Britifh Spirits, except Spirits of Wine of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Twenty per Centum under Hydrometer Proof; all fitch Spirits ffiall be forfeited, arid

ffiall

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 123.

469

Penalty iool. Spirits of Wine

mentioned and! kept in a feparate PJjce entered.

If found of lefs Strength, or nixed or removed without a Per-

ffiall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon or Perfons in fuch cafe offending ffiall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enabled, That all Spirits of Wine ffiall be made and kept of the Strength of Forty three per Centum over to he of the Hydrometer Proof at the leaff, and that the a£lual and true Strenglh herem Strength of all Spirits of Wine ffiall be expreffed and fpecified in the Requefl Note for a Permit, and in the Permit granted for or to accompany the Removal thereof, and ffiall be taken Account of by the Officer in the refpe&ive Stocks of every Dealer in and Retailer of Spirits according to the adluai Strength thereof; and that every Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits ffiall keep all Spirits of Wine in a feparate and diftindl Cellar or Place entered for that Purpofe, in which no other Spirits or Foreign Wine or Sweets or Made Wines is, are or ffiall be kept ; and if any Spirits of Wine ffiall from and after the paffing of this A61 be kept or removed of lefs Strength than as aforefaid, or be mixed or mingled with any Foreign Wine, Foreign Spirits or other Britifh Spirits, or by any means be reduced, lowered or weakened in the Strength thereof, or ffiall mit, or found in be removed without the Permit	expreffing the	Strength thereof, or	other	than a

ffiall be found in or upon the	Premifes or in	the Cuftody or Pof-	feparate Place,

feffion of any fuch Dealer or Retailer as aforefaid, otherwife than in fuch feparate entered Cellar or Place as	aforefaid ; all fuch

Spirits of Wine, and all Wine	or Spirits with	which any Spirits of

Wine ffiall be fo mixed or mingled, ffiall be forfeited, and ffiall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Dealer or Dealers and Retailer or Retailers as aforefaid offending therein ffiall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty 200I.

4 XVI. And Whereas by an Adi made in the Fifty fecond Year 52 G. 3. c.142.

* of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, for permitting the Removal § 3'

4 of Goods from one Bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame 43 G. 3^ e. 132.

4 Port, it is enadted, that any Rum of the Growth or Produce of ^ ^	^'

4 the Britijlo Sugar Plantations imported into Great Britain in any 4 Calk of Sixty Gallons or upwards, ffiall be allowed to be ware-4 houfed in the fame manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva,

4 Spirits or Aqua Vitae, is or are, by an Adi made in the Forty 4 third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeffy, intituled An Aft 4 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be fecured 4 in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, allowed to be warehoufed :

4 And Whereas by the Laws now in force fuch Rum may be de-4 livered from or out of any fuch Warehoufe to be ffiipped as 4 Stores, to be fpent and confumed on board any Ship or Veffel in 4 any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, freed and discharged from 4 all the Duties of Excife, provided fuch Rum be not fo ffiipped in 4 any Calk which ffiall contain lefs than One hundred Gallons; And

*	Whereas it is expedient that fuch Rum ffiould be allowed to be 4 ffiipped as aforefaid in Calks containing not lefs than Sixty Gab

*	Ions Be it therefore enadled, That from and after the palling off Rum may he

this A6t, any Calk not containing lefs than Sixty Gallons of. fuch taken 00t oi Rum as aforefaid ffiall or may be delivered from or out of any Warehouie and Warehoufe, and Ihipped as Stores to be fpent and confumed on	Oa&s

board any Ship or Veffel in any Voyage to Parts beyond the confining not Seas, freed and difeharged from all the Duties of Excife, fubjedt lets than 60 aeverthclefs to all and lingular the Rules, Regulations, Reffridlions Gallons, as

Hh3	and	Stom>	10	be

Hosted by Google

C. 123, 124.

57° GEO. III.

con fumed on board, free from Duty.

Conditions.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

A61 may be altered, &c. this Sefiiou,

C. 34. §3- ante.

A.D. 1817.

and Provinces, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained, provid^dc fettled or eftabli filed in or by all or any of the Laws now in force Tor or in refpedl of any Rum fhipped or to be (hipped as Stores, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this A £1: Provided always, that no Rum fhall be fhipped for Stores on board of any Ship (except by the fpecial Order and Permiflion of the Com, miffioners of Excife), but at the Port at which the Ship or Veffel is fitted out for the Voyage; and that the Oath required by Law to be made, that the fame is to be fhipped as Stores to be fpent and confumed in the Voyage, fhall be made by Affidavit in Writing by the Matter or Purfer of fuch Ship or Veffel; and that if the Con* tents of any fuch Cafk fhall be drawn off, or the Rum or any Part thereof be ufed or altered, either in Quantity or Quality, before fuch Ship or Veffel fhall have left the Port and failed upon her intended Voyage, fuch Cafk or Cafks and the Rum therein contained or drawn off fhall be forfeited, over and above the Penalty of the Bond given on the Shipment thereof, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Adt, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or In* formation in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difeoveror fue for the fame.

XVIII.	And be ic further enadled, That this Adi, or any of the Provifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Adi to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Adi to amend an Adi made in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, for authorizing the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fifheries, and Employment of the Poor.

[i ith July 1817.]

4	^^REAS by an Adi made in this prefent Seffion of Par-

4 VI liament, intituled An Aft to authorize the JJfue of Fx-4 chequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Confolidated 4 Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works 4 and Fifheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the 4 Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned, it is among 4 other things enadted, that at any time after the patting of the faid 4 Adt, by or out of fuch Monies as fhall at any time or times 4 remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of 4 the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United 4 Kingdom, arifing in Ireland (after paying or referving fufficient 4 to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Adt or Adis of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the faid Confolidated Fund), there fhall and may be iffued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover-

4 nors

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*	57°	GEO. III.	C. 124.	4	71

« nors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, in manner c and under the Regulations in the faid Afl mentioned and contained*

4 any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the

*	Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, to be applied 4 to the Purpofes of the faid Aft in manner and under the Re-4 gulations therein mentioned : And Whereas the prefent Diffreffed

*	State of the Poor in fome Parts of Ireland may require more 4 fpeedy Relief than could be afforded under the Regulations of 4 the faid recited Adi Be it therefore enafled by The King's Moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Lord Lieutenant after the paffing of this Adi it fhall and may be lawful for the of Ireland may Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, for to nominate and appoint fo many and fuch Perfons as he or they Applications for fhall think fit, not exceeding feven in Number, to be Special Com- Relief; and upon miffioners for the Purpofe of receiving Applications for Relief in lheir Recom-Cafes of extreme Neceffity ; and upon the Report and Recommend- ^ead;'tlon» ation of fuch Commiffioners or any Three of them, it fhall be	^	°

lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go- 250,0001., may 'f/ernors of Ireland for the time being to diredt that any Part or be advanced for Portion of the faid Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand the Employment Pounds fhall be paid and advanced in Aid of any private or local Contribution or Subfcription for the Relief and Employment of the Poor in any Part or Parts of Ireland, to any Perfon or Perfons whatever, and at any fuch time or times, and in any fuch manner and proportion, and under any fuch Pv.egulations and Di-reftions as fhall be fuggefted and recommended by fuch Commiffioners, and as fhall be approved of and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Gr Governors of Ireland for the time being ; any thing in the faid recited Aft of this Sefiion of Parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithflanding.

II. And be it further enafled, That the Commiffioners fo to be Commiffioners appointed under the Authority of this Aft fhall, whenever they to give an Ac-fhall be thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary,	Secretary

Sranfmit an Account or Accounts in Writing of all their Pror ceedings under this Aft, to the Office of fuch Chief Secretary, and the fame fhall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament.

* III. And Whereas many Public Works of Drainage are to be c executed, or are in the Courfe of Execution, under-the Authority 6 of Parliament, by Commiffioners or Truflees, out of Taxes upon 4 Land, or other Funds or Revenues raifed or charged to pay the 6 Expences of fuch Works ; and Doubts have arifen whether the

*	faid recited Aft authorizes the Advance of Money to fuch Com-c miffioners or Truflees for fuch Works, without perfonal Security,

6	upon Conditions which are properly applicable to fuch Works

4 of Drainage Be it therefore enafled, That it fhall and may Advances may be lawful for the Commiffioners for carrying the faid recited Aft be made for into Execution, to make any Advance of Money by Exchequer drainage on the Bills, under the faid recited Aft, in Aid of any Work or Works of	°*116

Drainage, either with or without Navigation, to be executed, or in the *

Courfe of Execution, by Commiffioners or Truflees under the Au-

H h 4*	thority

Hosted by Google

C. 124.

57° GEO. III.

if Commifiioners fatisfied of the Utility of the Work.

Exchequer Bills, when payable.

Regulating Advances to Pariflies.

Repayment of Exchequer Bills.

Preference to Claims of Com-rnifiioners on Bankrupts* Eftates.

Provifo.

A.D.1S17.

thority of Parliament ; fuch Advances to be made to fuch Com* rnifiioners or Truftees without perfonal Security, upon the Credit of any Rates or Taxes payable from any Lands or Grounds, or upon any other Funds or Revenues for fuch Works: Provided always, that in every fuch cafe of Advance for Works of Drainage under this Aft or the faid recited Aft, the Commifiioners for carrying the faid recited Aft into Execution (hali be fatisfied of the Utility of the Work, and that the Rates, Taxes, Funds and Revenues to be mortgaged and afiigned according to the Provi-fions of the faid recited Aft, fhall be an adequate Security for the faid Advances.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all Exchequer Bills whatever which fhall be made out in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, and fhall be advanced for diiy of the Purpofes in the faid recited Aft or this Aft mentioned, fhall be made payable on the Tenth Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and at no other time ; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary not-withflanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Advance fiiall be made under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft for die Ufe of any Parifb, Townfhip or Place in Great Britain^ in which the Amount of the Money aftually expended for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year ending at Eafier One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, or ending at the ufual Quarter Day immediately preceding Eajler One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, fhall not exceed by Three Fourths the average annual Amount of the Money expended for the Relief of the Poor for the Three Years preceding Eajler One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or fhall not exceed by One Half the Amount fo expended for the Year ending Eajler One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithllanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which fhall be advanced or lent by the faid Commifiioners for the Execution of this Aft in Great Britain, under the Authority of the faid recited Aft, the Payment whereof fhall not be otherwife provided for purfuant to the faid recited Aft, fhall be repaid without Deduftion or Abatement, together with Interefl for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, at their Office, by the Space of Fifteen Days at leaft before the time when each fuch Exchequer Bill fnali become payable according to the Provifions of this Aft ; fuch Interefl to be computed on the faid Principal Sum from the Date of fuch Exchequer Bill to the time of the Payment thereof.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all the Claims of the Commifiioners under the faid recited Aft fhall be paid and fatisfied out of the Eftate and EfFefts of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall become Bankrupt, and againft whole Eftate Sequeflration fhall be awarded in Scotland, out of the Eftate and EfFefts of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors ; neverthelefs without Prejudice to Preference, duly obtained according to the Law in Scotlandy upon the Real Eftates of Perfons who fhall become Bankrupt.

VIII. And

Hosted by Google

C. 124.

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.

473

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Advances may laid Commifiioners named in and appointed by the faid recited Aft, be made to and their Succeflbrs for the time being, or any Three or more of

them, to receive Applications in Writing from the Truftee9 of any h^rs \c not Road or Roads, Railway or Railways, or the Truftees or Commif- aMin* under fioners of any Harbour or Drainage, whether afting under the Au- Authority of thority of Parliament or otherwife, or from any Perfon or Perfons Parliament; and for the Encouragement of the Fifheries, or the Support of any Col- ^rr^"f°urage' lieries or Mines, or from any Perfon or Perfons propofing to employ p, Series the Poor of any Parifh or Parifhes in Great Britain in any bene- Collieries, &c. ficial Objeft or Work, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Bills or otherwife, according to the faid recited Aft ; and the faid Commifiioners fhall proceed to take fuch Applications into their Confideration in fuch and the like Manner as any other Applications mentioned and referred to in the faid recited Aft, and to grant fuch Loan or Loans in purfuance thereof as the faid Com-inifiioners may think fit, having regard, in confidering all fuch Applications as are mentioned in the faid recited Aft and this Aft, to the Benefit which may arife in affording Employment for the labouring Claffes of People and the Numbers to be employed, and to the Validity of the Security propofed for the Repayment of the Money or Exchequer Bills advanced.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Commifiioners

faid Commifiioners named in and appointed by the faid recited Aft, may ta^ce ^ort-and their Succeffors for the time being, or any Three or more of	Free-""

them, in all Cafes where they fhall fee Occafion, in addition to the hold, Copyhold Security required by the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and as a or Leasehold further Security for any Loan to be made of any fuch Exchequer Property, as Bills mentioned in the faid recited Aft, or for Part of fuch Loan ^irtl^er Security from any Principal or Surety in fuch Loan, to require and take macJe Security by Mortgages, Aflignipents, Surrenders or other competent Affurance, upon the Freehold, Copyhold or Leafehold Eftate or

Eftates of fuch Principal oi Surety, or other Perfon or Perfons by whom fuch Loan fhall be required, or to or for whofe Ufe fuch Loan {hall be granted ; fuch Mortgages, Alignments, Surrenders or other Security to be refpeftively granted and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to the faid Commifiioners for the time being, in Truft for the faid Commifiioners, and upon fuch Terms, Provifoes and Conditions as the faid Commifiioners or any Three or more of them fhall direft and appoint with refpeft to fuch Loan, or any Part thereof.

X.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid CommiiTioners

Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them, in all Cafes where	”cu

they fhall fee Occafion, to accept and take as a further and additional rjtys Heritable Security for any Loan to be made of any Sum in fuch Exchequer Securities on Bills as aforefaid, under the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or Part of Eftates in Scot-fuch Loan, from any Principal or Surety in fuch Loan, or other End, and Aftign-Perfon or Perfons having Lands, Heritages or other Real Eftates in mentsthei eof. Scotland, or any heritable Security whatever, which may affeft, incumber or charg*e the faid Real Eftates of fuch Principal or Sureties,

or fuch other Perfons as aforefaid by the Laws of Scotland ; and alfo to accept and take as a like further and additional Security from any iuch Principal or Surety, or other Perfon or Perfons poflefled of any heritable Security, affefting, incumbering or charging any Real

Eftates

Hosted by Google

474

C. 124.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Eftates in Scotland, any Afiignment of fuch heritable Security pro-pofed, according to the Forms prefcribed by the Laws of Scotland ; and that every fuch heritable Security which fhall be fo granted and conllituted, and every Afiignment of any heritable Security which {hall be fo made as any fuch further and additional Security for fuch Loan as aforefaid, fliali refpe&ively be granted, conllituted and made, to and in the Name of the Secretary of the faid Commiflioners for the time being, in Truft for the faid Commiflioners, in terms of Pecret.-ry,under the Loan, for which the fame fhall be a Security ; and the faid Se-DirtiCiion of cretary for the time being fhall, under the Directions of the faid Comn-alTioners^ Commiflioners or any Three or more of them, have full Power and r-quinte to give Authority to perform, execute ar>d carry into Effe6t any Adis, Mat* Effect to fu-h ters and Things whatfoever, which fhall be requifite for the further heritable Secu- and better alluring and validating any fuch heritable Security or nty ar Aflign- Aflignment thereof as aforefaid, and for enforcing, profecuting and r'f'et‘t thereof. purfuing the fame, for the Recovery of the Sums for which fuch Securities were refpeCtively granted, conftituted and made, in all Courts of competent JurifdiCtion in Scotland, as fully and effe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Securities refpeCtively were granted, conftituted and made to the Secretary for the time being, as a Security for his own proper Debt in Scotland; and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the Principal Sums for which fuch Security fliali be given, with Intereft for the fame, and all Cofts incurred in recovering the fame, the faid Secretary for the time being {hall and he is hereby authorized, under the Direction of the faid Commif-lioners, or any Three or more of them, to execute on Behalf of the faid Commiflioners a Difcharge or Renunciation of the faid Money fo paid and fatisfled, to be prepared at the Cofts of the Party or Parties making fuch Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prefcribed by Law for difeharging and renouncing any heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a Real Eftate in Scotland; and that fuch Difcharge fhall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Commiflioners XI. And be it further ena£led, That it fliali be lawful for the may take, as a faid Commiflioners named in and appointed by the faid recited A cl, further Security, an^ their SuccefTors for the time being, or any Three or more of Bonds”E°che-'a	in Cafes where they fliali fee Occafion, to accept and take

quer Bills, Bills as a farther and additional Security for any Loan to be made of any of Exchange, &c. fuch Exchequer Bills mentioned in the faid ACt, or any Part of fuch or other nego- Loan, over and above the Security required by the faid recited ACt c;able Securities. or ACt, any Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, or any transferable Share or Shares in any Corporation, Company or Public Work carried on under the Authority of Parliament, Bills of Exchange or other negociable Securities for Money whatever, which fliali be afligned, transferred or depofited for that Purpofe, as the faid Com-mifftoners or any Three or more of them fhall direCt; and all fuch Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Share or Shares in any fuch Corporation, Company or Public Works, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities for Money fo afligned, transferred or depofited, fhall, in Default of Payment of fuch Loan in the Manner direCted and appointed by the faid Commiflioners under and by virtue of the faid recited ACt or this ACt, or any Three or more of them, become and be veiled in the faid Commiflioners, and fhall and may be fold and difpofed of, or the Monies due or payable by virtue thereof fhall

and

Hosted by Google

C. 124.

and may be fued for in due Courfe of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, for the Ufe of the faid Commiffioners under the faid recited AdL

XII.	And be it further enabled, That no Bond to His Majefty, nor any heritable Securities, nor any Alignment of any heritable Securities, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, Alignment or other Xnftrument or AfTurance taken by the faid Commiffioners in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, or otherwife, under the faid recited Adt or this Adt, nor any Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, Receipt or Confent by Sureties or Surety to an Extenfion of Time granted by the laid Commiffioners for Payment of any Exchequer Bills advanced to any Principal by virtue of the faid recited Adt or this Adt, or any Receipt or other Document that may be taken or made under and by virtue of the faid recited Act or this A (ft, and for the Purpofe of carrying the faid Adts and each of them into Execution, ffiall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever ; any thing in any A<ft or Adts in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary in anywife notivithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That it ffiall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners under and by virtue of the faid recited Act and this Adt, in every Cafe in which it may become neceffary, to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no A<ftion or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or againft the faid Commiffioners on account of the faid recited Adt or this Adt, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being fhall abate or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Secretary, or by the Adt of fuch Secretary, without the Confent of the faid Commiffioners ; but the Secretary to the faid Commiffioners for the time being fhall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Adtion or Suit, as the Cafe may be ; and no Adlion or Suit fhall be brought againft the faid Cqmmiffioners colledtively or individually, or againft their Secretary, except in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in England, Scotland or Ireland refpedtively, and with the Leave of fuch Courts refpedtively firft had and obtained, and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as the faid Courts ffiall diredt.

XIV* And be it further enadted, That it ffiall be lawful for the Commiffioners under the faid recited Adt and this Adt, in every Cafe in which they are empowered to make any Advance under the Provilions of the faid recited Adt, upon the Depofit of any Proportion fpecified in the faid Adt of the Money eftimated as the Colts of the Completion of the Whole of any Public Works, to make fuch Advances in different Sums at different Periods, and without requiring the Whole of any fuch Proportion to be provided by the Body Corporate or Politic, or Company of Proprietors, or Perfons interefted in fuch Public Works, to be expended or depofited as required by the faid recited Adt ; Provided always, that in every fuch Cafe the Whole of fuch Proportion ffiall be adtually fubfcribed for, and made fubjedt to Calls under the Provilions oi feme Adt or Adts of Parliament relating to fuch Work, or be otherwife fecured to the Satisfadtion of the faid Commiffioners, and Twenty five Pounds per Centum thereon adtually paid and depofited ; and provided always, that no fuch Advance to be from time to time made by the faid Commiffioners ffiall exceed Twice the Money adtually from time to time raided, paid, expended or depofited upon any fuch

Subfcripv

Obligations, Mortgages* Sec. taken by the Commiffionej Affidavits, Receipts, Sec. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Commiffioner? may l'ue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary.

Aftions againfl Commiffioners to be brought in the Court of Exchequer of England, Scotland or Ireland.

Advances maybe made, at different rinr.es on certain Conditions.

Provifo,

Hosted by Google

476

Advances maybe made to T-ruftees of Railways or Roads, or Corn-miffioners tfor Drainage, on an adequate Fund for Repayment with lutereft being fecured.

Perlonsl Security not required.

Letters, &c. to Secretary of Commiffioners, free of Poltage.

54O.3-c.147.

55 O. 3 c. 159.

§

C.124, 125.	S7nGEO.III.	A.D.181/.

Subfcription ; any thing in the laid recited A& to the contrary -notwithftanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Execution of the faid recited A<t in Greal Britain, or any Three or more of them, upon any Applications which fhall be made to them under the faid Act from the Tru flees of any Roads or .Railways, or the Commiffioners for any Drainage, for the Advance of any Money by Exchequer Bills under the faid recited Act, to grant fuch Applications, upon having an adequate Fund for Repayment of the Money fo advanced fecured to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, being not lefs in annual Amount than fhall be fufficient to pay an Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Principal Money advanced, and a farther annual Sum of Five Pounds per Centum to be applied as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption or the Principal fo advanced, within fuch time as the- faid Commiffioners for the Execution of the faid Adi fhall direct and appoint, and as fhall be fpecihed in the Mortgage or Alignment to be made of the Rates or Tolls of fuch Roads, Railways or. Drainage ; and that in all Cafes in which Security fhall be given in manner aforefaid, it fhall not be required of the Party or Parties applying for fuch Advance to give or enter into any perional Security ; any thing in the faid Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

£ XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that all Letters and Packets * addreffed to the Secretary to the faid Commiffioners ffiould pafs 6 free of the Duty of Poftage p Be it therefore enacted, That all Letters and Packets addreffed to the Secretary of the faid Commiffioners at their Office fhall pal's free of the Duty of Poftage.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to authorize the driving and keeping a Hackney Coach

or Chariot under the fame Licence.	[nth July 1817.]

C 'XXTHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and paffed in < VY the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, c intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licenfed 6 Hackney Coaches, for explaining and amending an Ad pajfed in the 4 Forty eighth Tear of His prefent Majefty, relating to Hackney 1 Coaches> and for authorising the licenfmg of a limited Number of c Hackney Chariots (a): And Whereas another Act of Parliament c was made and paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His ‘ prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to amend feveral Ads relating ‘ to Hackney Coaches, for authorising the licenfmg of an additional *• Number of Hackney Chariots, and for licenfmg Carriages drawn

*	by One Horfe ; whereby the Commiffioners for licenfmg and regu-( lating Hackney Coaches were empowered, in the manner in the i faid recited Acts directed, to licenfe Hackney Chariots, not ex-‘ ceeding certain Numbers fpecified in the faid Acts : And Whereas 6 the Holder of a Licence to drive and keep a Hackney Coach 4 cannot, under the Authority of fuch Licence, drive or keep a

*	Hackney Chariot, or the Holder of a Chariot Licence drive or 1 keep a Hackney Coach, under the Authority of the fame: Atid

(<z) [Sedions 1 —13. of 54 G. 3. c, 147. relating to providing, Ticketsy repealed, 55 G. 3. c. 159. $

‘ Whereas

Hosted by Google

477

The Time Licence t o lerve for a Coach or Chariot.

Future Lienee, what to exj-tefs.

Holder of Li-

already or in future to be duly granted by the Commiffioners of cence driving Hackney Coaches for the time being, or the major Part of them,{ ™ore. than ^ne todrive a Hackney Coach or Chariot, fhall from and after the pafs- ^^Time ^ ing of this Adi ufe or drive, or caufe to be ufed or driven for Hire under fuch Licence, more than One Carriage (whether Coach or Chariot), at one and the fame time, within the Cities of London or Weftminjler, or the Suburbs of the Tame refpediively, or any of the Pariffies or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places within which, by any of the Laws now in force, Hackney Coaches and Chariots are to be driven, he or fhe fhall, upon being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefsor Witnefles before the major Part of the faid Commiffioners, forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, in the Difcretion of the major Part of the Penalty, faid Commiffioners ; One Half of which Forfeiture and Penalty {hall go to His Majefty, and the other Half to the Informer, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under any Adi of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches; or otherwife it fhall be lawful for the major Part of the faid Commiffioners to revoke the Licence of the Per foil fo offending.

III. And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for any Coachman not Perfon to require any Hackney Coachman to drive for a ftated Sum ^ charge more of Money a Diftance in the Difcretion of fuch Hackney Coachman ; ^eed for ^ and in cafe fuch Coachman fhall exceed the Diftance to which fuch though he* Perfon was entitled to be driven for fuch ftated Sum of Money, the exceeds the Coachman (hall not be entitled to demand more than the Sum for Diftance. which he was fo engaged to drive.

A.D. 1817-	57°	GEO.	III.	C. 125.

*	Whereas it would be beneficial both to the Perfons keeping fuch ‘ Carriages and to the Public, and it is therefore expedient, that the 6 prefent Holders of fuch Licences, or any Perfons to whom Licences

*	may hereafter be granted, fhould refpediively be allowed to drive 1 and keep Hackney Coaches or Chariots under the fame Licences, c without a Special Licence for each Defcription of Carriage Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and C'onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this prefent Parliament afleinbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Adi it fhall be lawful for any Holder of a Licence already granted, or which may in future be duly granted by the Commiffioners of Hackney Coaches, to keep or drive or caufe to be driven either a Hackney Coach or a Hackney Chariot, under the Authority of the fame Licence, without being fubjedl to any Penalty by reafon thereof; provided that no fuch Perfon fhall drive or caufe to be driven for Hire, at one and the fame time, more than One Carriage under One and the fame Licence ; and that in all Licences to be henceforth granted by the Commiffioners of Hackney Coaches under the feveral Adis now in force relative to Hackney Coaches, it fhall be exprefted that the fame authorizes the driving or keeping a Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot, but no more than One Carriage at one and the fame time, any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enadied, That if any Holder of a Licence

c a r.

Hosted by Google

473

C. 126.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

52, G. 3. c. 16.

54 G.3. c.42.

C A P. CXXVL

An A61 to repeal an A61, pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Punifhment of Perfons deftroy-ing Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in fuch Frames j and to make, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, other Provifions in lieu thereof.

[nth July 1817.]

*	W HERE AS an Adi was paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of 4 VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the more 4 exemplary Punijhment of Perfons dejlroying or injuring any Stock-4 ing or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines ufed in the 4 Framework Knitted Manufactory, or any Articles and Goods in 4 fuch Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the Firjl Day 4 of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen i And Whereas 4 an Adt palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An Aft to repeal an Aft of the Fifty fecond Tear 4 of His prefent Majejly, for the Punijhment of Perfons dejlroying 4 Stocking or Lace Frames, or any Articles in fuch Frames, and to 4 make other Provifions injlead thereof: And Whereas it is expe-4 dient that the faid laft recited Adt of the Fifty fourth Year afore-4 faid fhould be repealed, and other Provifions made inftead thereof d Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and* by

*	the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Adt the faid laft recited Adt of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid (hall be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except as to fo much of the faid laft recited Adt as repeals the faid recited Adt of the Fifty fecond Year aforefaid, and alfo fave and except as to any thing done before the palling of this Adt, with refpedt to which the faid Adt fhall remain and be in full Force and Effedt as if this Adi had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, if any Perfon or Perfons (hall by Day or by Night enter by force into any Houfe, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut or deftroy any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be ufed or prepared for that Purpofe, or with an Intent to break or deftroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil ufed in and for the working and making of any fuch Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Frame-guilty of Felony. WOrk Knitted Manufadlory, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, deftroy or cut, with an Intent to deftroy or render ufelefs, any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or Engine as aforefaid, or prepared for that Purpofe, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, break,, deftroy or damage, with an Intent to deftroy of render ufelefs, any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil ufed in and for the

working

repealed.

Perfons forcibly entering Houfe, &c. with Intent to cut, break or deftroy, or de-ftroying or cutting, &c. with Intent to deftroy or render ufelefs Machinery or Goods therein, to be deemed

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. Ill-

C. 126, 127-

working and making ofanyfuch Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Framework Knitted Stockings, or Framework Lace Manufa&ory ; or fhall wilfully and malicioufly, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, break or deftroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills ufed or any way employed in preparing or fpinning of Wool or Cotton, or other Materials, for the Ufe of the Stocking or Lace Manufa&ory, every Offender being thereof lawfully convitfted fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enatfted, That this A£t fhall continue and be in force until the Fir ft Day of Augujl, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Adi to fettle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty Money payable to Greenwich Hofpital, and for fecuring to the faid Hofpital all unclaimed Shares of VefTels found dereli£t, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws.

[i ith July 1817.]

6 WTHEREAS Doubts have arifen whether by virtue of the

*	VV feveral Laws now in force the Per Centage heretofore pay-‘ able to the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich out of all ‘ Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty and Bounty Money, continued c to be payable to the faid Inftitution after the Expiration of the

* Hoftilities which exifted at the time Provifion was made for the 4 Payment of the faid Per Centage ; and it is expedient that further

*	Provifions and Regulations Ihould be made relating thereto Be it therefore ena6ted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately after the palling of this A6t the faid Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent lhall be and are hereby declared to be entitled to receive the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum, not only upon all Prizes taken by any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels up to the Termination of the faid Hoftilities, but alfo upon the Net Proceeds of all Prizes taken and condemned fince the Seventeenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and upon all Grants made to the Royal Navy or Marines, and upon all Bounty Monies and Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation or Slave Abolition Laws; and alfo upon all Droits of Admiralty whatfoever, which lhall have arifen and become payable, or fhall be diftributable to or amongft the Officers and Crews of any of His Majefty’9 Ships or Veflels fince the faid Seventeenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling 6f this A6I, all and every Prize Agent and Prize Agents already appointed or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of any A£t now in force, or of any Prize A& hereafter to be paffed, lhall, from and out of the Net Proceeds of all Prizes taken and condemned fince

the

479

Death.

Continuance of A tt.

Greenwich HoC-pital entitled to Five per Cent, on Prizes as herein mentioned ;

and on Grants tO’ Navy or Marines, and on Bounty Money,. Seizures and Droits of Admiralty.

Prise Agents to retain and pay over to the Treal'urer Five per Cent, on the Net

Hosted by Google

480

Proceeds of Pmes, kc.

Receiver of Droits of Admiralty to pay over Five per Cent, on the Proceeds to the Tree,Purer in like manner.

PeTfons f.llely affuming the Barnes or Characters of others entitled to Pay or Prize Money* in order to receive the fame,

C.127.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1817'

the faid Seventeenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and from out of the Net Proceeds of all Bounty Bills, and of all Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation or Slave Abolition Laws, and of all Monies arifing from Dereli&s, and of all Grants wbatfoever which {hall refpe&ively have come into their Hands lince the faid Seventeenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and are not yet diftributed, or (hall hereafter come into their Hands, retain for the Ufe of the faid Royal Hof-pital, and {hall, within Ten Days next after the Account of the faid Monies fhall have been examined and certified by the Examiner of Naval Prize Accounts, or if there ffiould be no fuch Officer, then within Ten Days from the Notification of any Diflribution of the faid Monies, pay over to the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, or to any Perfon to he appointed by fuch Treafurer by Writing under his Hand and Seal to receive the fame, for the Ufe of the faid Royal Hofpital, the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum on the Net Proceeds of every fuch Prize, Grant or other Monies ; and fuch Payment and the Receipt of the faid Treafurer or his Deputy, or fuch Perfon fo to be appointed as aforefaid, {hall be a fufficient Difcharge to fuch Agent or Agents for the fame in his or their Accounts with all Perfons entitled to any Share of any fuch Proceeds.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty for the time being fhall and he is hereby authorized and required, as foon after the Net Proceeds arifing from any fuch Droits fhall from time to time have been afeertained, after the palling of this A61, and after the Expiration of the Period within which any Appeal can be lodged againft: any Adjudication in relation to fuch Droits, as the fame can be done, deliver in an Account thereof, and pay over to the faid Treafurer or his Deputy, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the Treafurer fhall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal authorize and appoint to receive the fame, Five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of fuch Net Proceeds, for the Ufe of the faid Hofpital.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in order to bring into One A61 the feveral Provifions made for the Prevention and Puniffiment of the Crimes of Perfonation and Forgery for the Purpofe of obtaining Prize Money, if any Perfon or Perfons fhall willingly or knowingly perfonate or falfely affume, or caufe or procure any other Perfon to perfonate or falfely aflume, the Name or Charadler of any Com-miffioned Officer, Warrant or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or any Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or any other Perfon entitled or fuppofed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money for or in refpedl of Services performed or fuppofed. to have been performed on board of any Ship or Velfel of His Majefly, His Heirs or Succeffors, or the Wife, Widow, Executor or Adminiftrator, Relation or Creditor of any fuch Officer, Seaman, or other Perfon as aforefaid, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpeft of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel ot His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors;

11	or

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 127.

481

or fhall falfely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly adt or affift in the falfe making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service or other Certificate whatfoever, Alignment, laft Will or other Power or Authority whatfoevcr, in order to receive or to enable any other Perfon to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpedl of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of Plis Majefly, His Heirs or SuccefTors, with Intention to defraud any Perfon or Per-fons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever ; or (hall utter or publifh as true, or lhall aid or affifl in uttering or publifhing as true, any falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatfoever, Affignment, laft Will or other Power or Authority whatfoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpecl of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majefly, His Heirs or SuccefTors, with Intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered ; or fhall willingly and knowingly take a falfe Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Adminiftration, in order to receive or to enable any other Perfon to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpedl of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majefly, His Heirs or SuccefTors ; or fhall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpetft of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels, upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Adminiftration, knowing the Will on which fuch Probate fhall have been obtained to be falfe, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of fuch Will, or fuch Letters of Adminiftration as laft aforefaid, to have been obtained by means of any fuch falfe Oath as aforefaid, with Intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, then every fuch Perfou or Perions fo offending, and being thereof convifled according to due Courfe of Law, fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

V.	And be it further eu^6led, That when and as the faid Per Centage fhall hn\re been paid into the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital, the fame fhall be appropriated to the current Services of the faid Royal Hofpital.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich lhall be and they are hereby declared to be

57 Geo. III.	I	i	entitled

or counterfeiting Letters of Attorney,^.

or uttering fuch Letters of Attorney,

or taking a falfe Oath to obtain Probale of Wills or Letters of Adminiftration, in order to receive Pay or Prize Money,

Death.

The Per Centage appropriated to current Services of Hofpital.

Hofpital entitled to all forfeited

Hosted by Google

4S2

57° GEO. III.

and unclaimed Shares.

Agents for Diltribution of Proceeds, &c. i'uhje61 to Regulations of S 4 G. 3. c.93.

43 G.3. c. 161

48 G.3. c.55.

C. 127,12s.

A.D.1817.

entitled to all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of and in the Proceeds which (hall have arifen or fhall hereafter arife out of and from all VefTels found derelift by any of His Majefly’s Ships or Veflela, and out of and from all Seizures for Breach of the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws, made by any of His Maiefty’s Ships or VefTels, and of and from all Bounties given under the Laws for the Prevention of or relating to the Slave Trade ; and all and every the Agent or Agents for the Payment or Diftribution of all fuch Proceeds and Bounty or other Monies fhall be fubjeft to the fame Regulations, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, with refpeft to the unclaimed and forfeited Shares thereof, and the tranfmitting of Accounts and Payment of Balances to the faid Royal Hofpital as Prize Agents were fubjeft to with refpeft to the Tranfmifiion of Accounts and Payment of Balances of Prize Money to the faid Royal Hofpital under an Aft of Parliament palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Moneys and the Tranf mijfwn of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hofpitah

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Aft for extending the Exemptions from the Duties granted by certain Afts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, in Dwelling Houfes in Scotland; and for altering the Manner of claiming and afcertain-ing the Exemptions to be granted.	[nth	July	1817.]

4 '1T7HEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty third Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for repealing 4 the feveral Duties under the Management of the Commiffoners for i the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for 4 granting new Duties in certain cafes therein mentioned; for repeal-4 ing the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages conjlrufted by 4 Goachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Manage-4 ment of the faid Commiffoners for the Affairs of Taxes, and alfo new 4 Duties on Perfons felling Carriages by Auftion or on Commijjion ; it 4 was amongft other things enafted, that any Perfon inhabiting a 4 Dwelling Houfe in Scotland, containing not more than Three 4 Windows in the Whole, and under the Annual Rent of Twenty J Shillings, ftiould be exempted from the Duties contained in Sche-^dule (A.) of that Aft, in cafe fuch Perfon fhould be poor and in-4 digent, and fhould not be arterted or liable to be aflefled to any 4 of the Duties contained in Schedules (B.), (C.), (D.) or (E.) of 4 that Aft: And Whereas the faid Duties contained in the faid 4 Schedule (A.) of that Aft have been fince increafed by an Aft 4 pafled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, 4 intituled An Aft for repealing the Duties of AffeffedTaxes, and grant-4 ing new Duties in lieu thereof and certain additional Duties to be 4 confolidated therewith ; and alfo for repealing the Stamp Duties on 6 Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be 4 placed under the Management of the Commifftoners for the Affairs of ‘ Taxes; and it is expedient to grant Exemptions to Perfons re-4 fulent in Scotland, in Houfes having more Windows, and of greater 4 Annual Value, and in a different manner than in the faid firfl

4 recited

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 128.

4S3

6 recited Adl is mentioned May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, any Perfon inhabiting a Dwelling Houfe in Scotland, containing not more than Four Windows in the whole, and not exceeding the Rent or Value of Three Pounds Sterling, lhall be exempted from the Duties contained in the feveral Schedules of the faid recited Adis refpedlively marked (A.), or either of the faid Adis, in cafe fuch Perfon lhall not be alTeffed, nor liable to be a Hefted, to any of the Duties contained in the faid feveral Schedules of the faid recited Adis, refpedtively marked (B.), (C.),(D.) or (E.), or any of the faid Schedules.

II. And be it further enadled, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, any Perfon inhabiting a Dwelling Houfe in Scotland, containing not more than Six Windows in the whole, and not exceeding the Rent or Value of Five Pounds, lhall be exempted from the Duties contained in the feveral Schedules of the faid recited Adis refpedtively marked (A.), or either of the faid Adis, in cafe fuch Perfon lhall be poor and indigent, and lhall not be a Hefted to any of the Duties contained in the faid feveral Schedules of the faid recited Adis refpedtively marked (B.), (C.), (D.) or (E.), or any of the faid Schedules; which Exemption lhall be proved and claimed in the manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, where any fuch Dwelling Houfe lhall be brought into Charge by virtue of the faid recited Adis, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof lhall be entitled to the faid Exemption by reafon of Poverty as hereinbefore fpecified, then and in every fuch cafe the Perfon and Perfons fo entitled to Exemption lhall give Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the Diftridl, who lhall forthwith enter on the Afleflinent the Fadl that fuch Notice hath been given, and his Opinion whether any of the faid Perfons, and which of them, are or is entitled to the faid Exemption or not; and every fuch Surveyor lhall, before the AfFelTment for the fame Parilh or Place fhall be allowed, forthwith certify the fame to any One of the Com-miflioners of Supply of the Diftridl refident in or near the faid Parilh or Place where fuch poor Perfon or Perfons lhall refide, who fhall forthwith ilfue his Summons to Five, Four or Three fubftantial Houfeholders of the fame Parilh or Place, to alfemble on a Day and at a Place to be mentioned in the faid Summons, to afcertain the Fadl of Poverty entered on the faid AlfelTment ; and the faid Surveyor and Inhabitants, being fo aftembled, fhall carefully examine the Afleffment of the faid Duties for the faid Parilh or Place as far as refpedls the Perfons who lhall have given fuch Notices, and afcertain the Fadls entered thereon by fuch Ways and Means as they fhall think neceffary, either from their own Knowledge, or from the Information of others who may attend, and who lhall be then and there examined touching the Truth of the Allegations made by the Perfon or Perfons fo charged ; and after fuch Examination and Inquiry the faid Inhabitants lhall by their Certificate under their Hands certify to the Commiftioners of the faid Diftridl the Names of the Perfons entitled to fuch Exemption, and every Perfon returned

I i 2	by

Houfes in Scotland with not more than Four Windows, and not exceeding 3I. Rent, exempted from Duty;

as alfo Houfes with not more than Six Windows, not exceeding 5I. Rent, if the Inhabitants are indigent, Src.

Notice to be given to the Surveyor, who fhall afcertain the Poverty of the Claimant. Proceedings by Surveyor.

Certificate of Inhabitants of Names of Perfons entitled to Exemption, Stc.

Hosted by Google

484

C. 128* 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

by fuch Certificate to be entitled to fuch Exemption fhall be exempted accordingly, unlefs the laid Surveyor fhall object to the laid Certificate, in which cafe the faid Commifiioners fhall examine the faid Surveyor and any other Perfon or Perfons touching the Validity of his Objection, and after fuch Examination fhall confirm or difcharge the faid Certificate as to fuch Perfon or Perfons only to whom the Objection of the faid Surveyor fhall relate : Provided always, that the Name of every Perfon fo exempted, and the Number of Windows and Amount ol Rent or Value of the Houle occupied by fuch Perfon, fhall remain on the Affeffment without Charge for that Year.

An A61 for veiling in His Majefty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Wafte Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialtoti and Retraighe alias Reterth in the Pari Hi ot Saint Columb Major, in the County of Cornwall.

J HEREAS The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, in Right

of Plis Crown, is feized to Himfelf, His Heirs and Suc-‘ cefiors, of the Manor or Royalty of Rialion and Retraighe alias

<	Reterth in the County of Cornwall, and of certain open Commons

*	and Wafte Lands within and Parcel of the fame Manor, which are ‘ computed to contain Eight hundred and fifty Acres or thereabouts,

*	and are ufually called Cajlle Dennis otherwife Cajtle Dinnis other-

*	wife Cajlle an Dennis Down, and of a certain Moor called the

<	Gofs Moor, adjacent thereto ; and Hi6 Majefty, in Right of His ‘ Crown, is alfo feized of or entitled to certain Meffuages, Farms,

‘ inclofed Lands and Grounds fituate within the Parith of Saint

<	Columb Major in the faid County of Cornwall, called Trevithick

( and Reterth, and the Leffees or Occupiers of fuch Farms are en-c titled to Plights of Common upon and over the faid Commons, 5 Moor and Wafte Lands:	And	Whereas	Sir	William	Lemon

‘ Baronet, Mary Harris Spinller, Richard Rowe Elquire, John

*	Peter Doctor of Phyfic, Richard Vivian Efquire, William Drew9 ‘ John Henwood and James Hawkin, are the Owners or Pro-c prietors of certain Ancient Meffuages, Cottages, inclofed Lands

<	and Grounds within the faid Parifh of Saint Columb Major in the c faid County of Cornwall, and as fuch claim to be entitled to Rights

*	of Common upon and over the faid Commons, Moor and Wafte ‘ Lands : And Whereas the faid Commons, Moor and Wafte Lands i in their prefent State yield but little Profit, and are incapable of

4	any confiderable Improvement ; but if the fame were divided, and c a fpecific Part thereof allotted unto His Majefty, and the Refidue

*	thereof was to be fet out and remain to and for the Ufe and Benefit c of the feveral other Perfons interefted therein, and if the Allotment

*	to His Majefty was feparated and fet apart from the Remainder of c the faid Lands, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue from c fuch Divifion and Inclofure to His Majefty, as well as to the feveral

5	Perfons having Rights of Common in and over the faid Lands ; c but fuch beneficial Purpofes cannot be effected without the Aid 4 and Authority of ParliamentBe it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent

CAP. CXXIX.

[nth July 1 817.J

of

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.	129.

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That John Martyn Bligh of Stone, in the County of Cornwall, and John Hayward of Truro, in the lame County. Surveyors> and their Succeffors to be nominated or appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Commons and Moor, and all the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and for carrying into Execution the feveral other Purpofesof this Adi in fuch manner as is hereinafter provided or mentioned.

II. And be it further enadled, That no Commiffioner fhall adl in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Adi granted (fave and except the Power of figning and giving Notice of the Fird Meeting of the faid Commiflioners), until he fliall have taken and fubferibed the following Oath ; which Oath any One of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Cornwall may adminifler ; (that is to fay,)

4 T A. B. do fwear [_or, being one of the,People called Quakers, do> 4 folemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, honeflly and impartially,

4 according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Trulls 4 repofed in me as a Commiffioner, by virtue of an Adi paffed in the 4 Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His Majefly King George the 4 Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this Adt~\ ; and that I am 4 neither Proprietor or Occupier of, nor to the bed of my Know-4 ledge am I concerned as Guardian, Steward or Agent for any Pro-4 prietor of Meffuages, Cottages, Houfes, Lands or Grounds, or 4 other Perfon having or claiming any Right of Common, or any 4 Manorial Rights, Tithes or any other Right or Intered whatfoever 4 in, over or upon the Open Commonable Lands and Wade G rounds 4 to be divided, allotted and inclofed by virtue of the faid Adi.

4 So help me GQDJ

• III. And be it further enadled, That in cafe the faid John Martyn Bligh, or any Perfon to be nominated or appointed a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Adi, fhall die, negledl, refufe or become incapable to adl as fuch Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adl, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the Commif-fioners for the time being of His Majedy’s Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after fuch Death, Negledl, Refufal or Incapacity as aforefaid fhall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not intereded in the faid intended Diviflon, Allotment and Xnclofure) to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of the faid John Martyn Bligh, or of fuch other Perfon nominated or appointed in hi3 Room or Stead fo dying, negledling, refilling or becoming incapable to adl as aforefaid, and fo from time to time as often as any Commiffioner to be nominated and appointed by the faid Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues as aforefaid, fhall die, negledl, refufe or become incapable to adl as fuch Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adl; and in cafe the faid John Hayward, or any Perfon to be nominated and appointed a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Adl, fhall die, negledl, refufe or become incapable to adl in the Execution of this Adl, then and in every fuch cafe the furviving or remaining Commiffioner fhall,

I i 3	within

485

Commiflioners.

Commiflioners' lo he I worn.

Oath.

For appointing new Commif-fioneis from time to time.

Commiffioner?, John Hayward,. &c. dying, furviving Commiffioner how to a£t,

Hosted by Google

486

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

If Commiffioners of Woods, icc. or Proprietors of Landsy&c. ne-gle£t to appoint new Cornmit-fioners within a limited time, furviving Com-miffioner to make fuch Appointment.

within Fourteen Days next after fuch Death, Negledl, Refufal or Incapacity (hall happen to be known to him, fummon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days’ Notice at the leaft, and of the Purpofe thereof, fhall be given by Advertifement in the Cornwall Gazette Newfpaper, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Cornwall,) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming fuch Rights as aforefaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Notice ; and the major Part in Value of fuch Owners or Proprietors who (hall attend fuch Meeting in Perfon, or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpofe, fuch Value, in cafe of any Difference or Difpute touching the fame, to be afcertained by Reference to the Land Tax Affeffments of the faid Parifh, fhall and they are hereby required at fuch Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Inftrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, fome fit and proper Perfon, not inte-refted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure, to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of the faid John Hayward, or of fuch other Perfon nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead fo dying, negledling, refufing or becoming incapable to adl as aforefaid, and fo from time to time as often as any Commiffioner to be nominated and appointed by fuch Perfons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforefaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, fhall die, negledl, refufe or become incapable to adl as fuch Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adl; and every Perfon to be nominated and appointed to adl as a Commiffioner in manner as aforefaid fhall, after taking and fubfcribing the Oath herein prefcribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every refpedl for carrying this Adl into Execution, and fhall be fubjedt and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridlions, as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been originally nominated a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in and by this Adi.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if the faid Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, or the faid Perfons having fuch Rights of Common or other Rights as aforefaid, or their Agents or Proxies as aforefaid, or either or any of them refpedtively, fhall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commiffioner fo diredled to be nominated and appointed by them refpedlively as aforefaid within the refpedlive times for that Purpofe limited, and in manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Commiffioner, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of fuch refpedlive times fo allowed for nominating and appointing fuch new and fucceeding Commiffioners as aforefaid, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Perfon, not interefled in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure, to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of fuch Commiffioner fo dying, negledling, refufing or becoming incapable to adt as aforefaid ; and every Commiffioner fo nominated and appointed fhall, after taking and fubfcribing the Oath herein prefcribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Adi into Execution, and fhall be fubjedl and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridlions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commiffioner in and by this Adi.

V. Provided

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

48?

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if either of the faid Commiflioners hereby nominated lhall refufe or negleft to attend at the Firft Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Aft into Execution, and duly qualify himfelf by taking and fubfcribing the Oath herein prefcribed in that behalf, or if either of the faid Commiflioners fliall at any time after the faid Firft Meeting wilfully abfent himfelf from any Three following fuccefiive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Aft, or having been abfent from Two fuccefiive Meetings, fliall not attend during the whole of the Third or next fucceeding Meeting, fuch Meetings being known to him, either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his laft or ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Commiflioner not having been prevented by Sicknefs or other reafonable Excufe, to be allowed by the other Commiflioner, from attending or continuing at fuch Meeting or Meetings ; or if any Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Aft direfted (hall not attend and qualify himfelf to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft at the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiflioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or fhall thereafter wilfully abfent himfelf from any Three following fuccefiive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Aft, or having been abfent from Two fuccefiive Meetings, fhall not attend during the whole of the Third or next fucceeding Meeting, fuch Meetings being known by him, either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his laft or ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Commiflioner not being prevented by Sicknefs or other reafonable Caufe, to be allowed by the other Commiflioner, from attending or continuing at fuch Meetings ; then and in every of fuch cafes fuch Abfence or Non Attendance fliall be deemed and taken to be a Refufal to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Difference or Dif-agreement of Opinion fhall arife between the Commiflioners for carrying this Aft into Execution, touching or concerning any matter or thing to be done by them, by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, the faid Commiflioners from time to time, when and fo often as fuch Difference or Difagreement of Opinion fhall arife between them, fliall by Writing under their Hands appoint fome fit and proper Perfon, not being interefted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure, nor being the Attorney or Agent of any Perfon fo interefted, to be an Umpire between them ; and the matter upon which fuch Difference or Difagreement of Opinion fliall or may arife fliall be referred to and fliall be fettled and determined by fuch Umpire, whofe Determination fliall be made in Writing, and fliall be binding and conclufive upon all Parties whomfoever ; and for the Purpofes aforefaid, but not for any other Purpofe, fuch Umpire fliall have and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as are by this Aft given to or veiled in the faid Commiflioners ; but no Perfon fliall be capable of afting as fuch Umpire as aforefaid, until he fliall have taken and fubferibed an Oath in the Form or to the Effeft following ; (that is to fay,)

Commiflioners neglecting to attend Meetings, conlidered as a Refufal to aCt-

Umpire to be appointed.

Umpire not to a£t before Oath taken.

Hosted by Google

488

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18I7.

Umpire’s Oath.

Com million* rs may adminifter.

Comm i(li oiiers to appoint a Clerk or Clerks.

Surveyors appointed hy Com-miifioners of Woods.

Duty of fuch Suiveyois.

Surveyor not to a£t before Oath.

4 J	do	fwear,	That	I	will faithfully,

4 impartially and honeflly, according to the bed of my Skill and 4 Judgment, execute and perform the feveral Powers and Authorities 4 veiled and repofed in me as an Umpire by virtue of an Act palled 4 in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

4 intituled An Ad [here infert the Title of this Ad]y according to 4 Equity and good Confcience, and without Favour or Affedtion,

4 Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

4 So help me GODP

Which Oath the faid Commiffioners or either of them are and is hereby empowered to adminiiler ; and fuch Oath, and alfo the Writing appointing an Umpire, fhall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the faid Commiffioners.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk or Clerks to affifl them in the Execution of this A61, and fhall and may remove fuch Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Room or Stead, as often as to them fhall feem meet ; and in cafe of the Death, Incapacity, or declining or negle6ting to adt of any fuch Clerk or Clerks, then and in any of fuch cafes the faid Commiffioners fhall and may appoint any other Perfon or Perfons they may think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks,

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, as foon as conveniently may be after the paffing of this Adi, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint fome fit and proper Perfon or Perfons, not in-terefled in the faid Divifion, to be the Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpofe of viewing, furveying and meafuring the faid Commons and Moor, and all the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby dire6ted to be divided, allotted and inclofed ; and fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and dire6ted, as foon as conveniently may be after he or they fhall be fo nominated and appointed, to view, furvey and meafure the fame Lands or Grounds, and to defcribe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, or to ufe for that Purpofe any Map or Plan or Maps or Plans already made, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, fhall be fet forth the Number of Statute Acres and Decimal Parts of an Acre of all the Lands and Grounds fo authorized and diredled to be furveyed as afore faid ; and that when and fo foon as the faid Surveyor or Surveyors fhall have finifhed and completed the faid Survey, Map or Plan, he or they fhall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the faid Commiffioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Meeting Fourteen Days’ previous Notice at the lead fhall be given to the faid Commiffioners ; at which Meeting the faid Surveyor or Surveyors fhall deliver unto the faid Commiffioners his or their Survey, Plan and Book of Reference, and fhall fubfcribe the fame with his or their Name or Names in the Prefence of the faid Commiffioners, who fhall attefl the fame.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That no Perfon fhall adl as a Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he fhall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath following ; (that is to fay,)

4 I A.B.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

489

Commiffioners may administer.

For appointing new Surveyors from time to

* T A.B. do fwear [[or, being one of the Perfons called Quakers, do Form of Sur-4 folemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially and honeftly, veyor s 0ath* 4 according to the belt of my Skill and Judgment, execute the feveral 4 Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me as a Surveyor by 4 virtue of an Adl palled in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of 4 King George the Third, intituled An Aft [here infert the Title of 4 this Aft], without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to 4 any Perlon or Perfons whomfoever.	So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it ffiall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or either of them to adminiiler ; and the faid Oath when fo taken ffiall be written on Parchment, and fubferibed by the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, and duly attefted by the faid Commiffioners under their Hands, and ffiall be enrolled with the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners.

X.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or any fucceeding Surveyor or Surveyors to be nominated or appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors in his or their Room or Stead by virtue of this Adt, ffiall die, negledl, refufe or become incapable to adl as fuch Surveyor in the Execution of this Adl, then and in every fuch cafe it ffiall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within Twenty eight Days after fuch Death, Negledl, Re-fufal or Incapacity as aforefaid ffiall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon, not interefled in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure, to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor fo dying, negledling, refufmg or becoming incapable to adl as aforefaid, and fo from time to time as often as any Surveyor to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Adl ffiall die, negledl, refufe or become incapable to adl as fuch Surveyor in the Execution of this Adl ; and every Perfon to be nominated and appointed to adl as a Surveyor in manner aforefaid, ffiall, after taking and fubferibing the Oath herein pre-fcribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every refpedl for carrying this Adl into Execution, and ffiall be fubjedt and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridlions, as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been originally nominated a Surveyor or Surveyors in and by this Adl.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That if the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ffiall make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors fo diredted to be nominated and appointed by them as aforefaid, within the time for that Purpofe limited, and in manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe it ffiall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners adling in the Execution of this Adl, and they are hereby required from time to time by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the time fo allowed for nominating and appointing any new and fucceeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforefaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon, not intereiled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any fuch Surveyor fo dying, refilling or becoming incapable of adling as aforefaid ; and every Surveyor fo nominated and appointed ffiall, after taking and fubferibing the Oath prefenbed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities,

and

If Comrmflioiiers of Woods make Default in appointing a Surveyor, then Commiffioners for executing this Adt (hall appoint.

Hosted by Google

4!)0

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Commiflioners’ Award to l>e made within Two Years from Survey.

Allowance to Commiflioners, Clerks and Surveyors.

Proprietors and Attorntes to pay their own Expences.

Proxy.

Time and Place of Firft and other Meetings of Commiflioners.

Notice to be given.

Provifo in cafe of only One or no Commiflioner attending.

and (hall be fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That after the faid Surveyor {hall have made and delivered his Survey of the faid Open Commonable Lands, Moor and Wafte Ground, to the faid Commiflioners, in manner herein directed, the faid Commiflioners fhall proceed in the Execution of this A61 with all poflible Difpatch, and make their Award within Two Years after they {hall have received the faid Survey from the faid Surveyor, unlefs the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues for the time being, {hall by any Writing under their Hands think iit to extend or enlarge the time for making the fame, in which cafe luch Award fhall be made within fuch extended or enlarged time or times.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, and no more, for each Day they {hall be actually attending in and about the Execution of this A61, and in travelling to and from the Meetings neceflary for that Purpofe, the fame to include and be in Satisfaftion of all Cofts and Expences in travelling and otherwife, which they fhall be put to in executing the fame ; and that the Surveyors and the Clerk or Clerks fhall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioners fhall think juft and reafonable ; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent, who fhall attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, fhall pay his own Expences at all fuch Meetings ; and in fuch cafes as the Objeftion or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Aft, matter or thing to be done or pro-pofed to be done in purfuance of this Aft, is direfted to be made and teftified at any Meeting or Meetings, it fhall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend fuch Meeting or Meetings by their refpeftive Agents or Proxies, duly authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, whole Afts or Votes fhall be as effeftual as if fuch Proprietors were prefent in Perfon.

XIV. And be it further enafted, That the Firft Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting this Aft into Execution fhall be held at the Houfe known by the Sign of The Red Lion in the Town of Saint Columb in the County of Cornwall aforefaid, or at fome other convenient Houfe or Place in the Town aforefaid, within Two Calendar Months after the pafling of this Aft, or as foon after as Cir-cumftances will admit ; and that the faid Commiflioners fhall caufe Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the Church of the faid Parifh of Saint Columb Major, and alfo a like Notice to be given by Advertifement to be inferted in the Cornwall Gazette Newfpaper, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper ufually circulated in the faid County of Cornwall, of the time and Place of their Firft and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled in them. Fourteen Days at leaft before the times appointed for fuch refpeftive Meetings ; and in cafe only One of the faid Commiflioners fhall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting fhall be adjourned, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners, in cafe neither of the

7	faid

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

491

Taking Turf, &c. away of Lands inclofed.

faid Commifiioners (hall attend, to adjourn the faid Meeting to be holden on any future Day not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or fome other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the faid Parifh ; and the CommilTioner or Clerk or Clerks making fuch Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the abfent Commiflioner or Commifiioners.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all other public Notices Other Notices, requifite or necelfary to be given by the faid Commifiioners, fhall how to be give*, be given by Advertisement to be inferted in the faid Cornwall Gazette Newfpaper, if then publifiled, and if not, then in fome other Newf-

paper ufually circulated in the faid County of Cornwall.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fiiall, after the pafiing of this Aft, dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bufhes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, for any Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatfoever, then and in every fuch cafe, on due Proof made before the faid Commifiioners on Oath,

(which Oath the faid Commifiioners are hereby empowered to ad-minifter,) the faid Commifiioners fiiall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, direfted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods Penalty, and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending in the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fiiall be fo diftrained and fold, after dedufting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid fhallbe applied towards the Payment of the Cofts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the faid Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now laft paft, and for which no Licence or Grant fiiall have been obtained from the Crown, fhall be deemed and confidered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, as if the fame were aftually lying open and uninclofed.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required, before they pro- empowered ceed to make any Divifion or Allotment direfted by this Aft, to fet fet out new and out and appoint any new and additional public Roads or Highways, additional Roads or any newTrafts or Ways for fuch public Roads or Highways, in and over the faid Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, and to make fuch Order or Orders as to them fiiall feem proper in relation thereto, fubjeft to the Reftriftions, Provifions and Direftions of this Aft ; and that the faid Commifiioners fiiall and may turn or abate and ftop up, or caufe or order to be turned, or abated and flopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized and direfted to be divided and inclofed, where they fhall judge it requifite or expedient, and to make fuch Order or Orders as to them fhall feem proper for that Purpofe, fubjeft nevertheiefs to the Provifions, Reftriftions

Certain Encroachments to be allottable.

Commiflioners

and to turn and ftop Roads, &c.

Hosted by Google

C. 1*2.9.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.lSlf.

Provifo as to Con Tent of Truftees of Roads.

Provifo for keeping up private Roads.

Allotments for Repairs of I v.Odd S.

Allotment to the King.

ftridtions and Directions of this Aft: Provided always, that no Turnpike Road (hall be altered or diverted without the Confent of the Truftees having the Care and Management thereof, or any Five or more of them, at a public Meeting of fnch Truftees, to be convened by due Notice and held for that Purpofe, nor any public Highway or Road be fhut up or difcontinued, until the Road or Roads fo marked out as intended to be and remain public Highways (hall be fet out and made, according to the Directions of this ACt, and until the fame fhall be properly formed and made convenient and fafe for Horfes, Cattle and Carriages : Provided alfo, that' all private Roads, Ways and Footpaths which fhall be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, {hall be made and for ever maintained and kept in Repair by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order, direft or appoint.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be, after fetting out fuch public Roads and Highways as by this Aft are direfted, to fet out and allot unto and for the Formation and Repairs of the Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the faid Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the fame, and in fuch Places, as the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from time to time for ever, of the public and private Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the faid Commons, Moor or Wafte Lands, and the Grafs and Herbage arifing therefrom fhall be vefted in fuch Perfon as the faid Commiflioners fhall allot the fame unto ; and the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby alfo authorized and required to fet out Watering Places on the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direCted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, for Cattle and Beafts, for the common Ufe and Benefit of all Perfons who are or fhall be entitled to Rights of Common in or over the faid Lands or Grounds.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required, after making and fetting out the feveral Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, fet out and allot one full Moiety or Half Part of all the Reft, Re-fidue and Remainder of the faid Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands hereby direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, due Regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof, unto The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in lieu and compenfation as well of His Majefty's Right of Soil as Lord of the faid Manor or Royalty, as alfo in lieu and compenfation of and for the Rights of Common and other Rights of His Majefty's Tenants, Leflees or Occupiers of the faid Meffuages, Farms, inclofed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reterth, upon and over the other Moiety of the faid Commons, Moor and Wafte Lands ; and which Allotment, as foon as the fame fhall be made and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, fhall become and remain the excluflve and abfolute Property of The King's Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs for ever, freed, exonerated and difeharged of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pafture and Turbary, Eftovers and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind foever.

XXL And

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 129.

493

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That all the Heft, Refidue and Allotment of the Remainder of the faid Commons, Moor and other Commonable ReWue’

Lands, {hall be and remain for the Benefit of the feveral other

Owners or Proprietors of ancient MefTuages, Cottages, inclofed Lands and Grounds, entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the laid Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, according to their feveral and refpeftive Rights and Interefts therein, freed and difcharged from all Claims of His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, as Lord or Lords of the faid Manor or Royalty, or as Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid MefTuages,

Farms, inclofed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reterth, and ol His Majefty's LeiTees or Tenants as Occupiers of the faid Farms or either of them, in, upon or over the fame, lave fuch Rights and Interefts as are hereinafter exprefsly excepted and referved to His Majelty, His Heirs and SuccefTors.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflloners Commiflloners fhall and they are hereby required to fet out fuch and fo many pri- to let out private vate Roads and Ways as (hall be neceflary for giving convenient Ac- Roads to His cels to fuch Allotment as fhall be fo as aforefaid made to or for MaJeft>,’s AI,ot-His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That when and as foon ns Three Originals the faid Commiflloners fhall have let out the Allotment hereinbefore of Award; One directed to be made and fet out to His faid Majefty, His Heirs and t0 be enrollec* in Succeffors, they fhall prepare an Award, with a Map or Plan of Qne^nVhe Of* fuch Allotment annexed thereto, whereof there fhall be Three Ori- fice 0f the Au-ginals, One to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler, ditor of the another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Revenue, faid County of Cornwall, there to remain on Record, and which

fhall alterwards be filed and preferved amongft the Muniments of the Office of the Commiflloners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, and the faid Award or the Enrolment thereof fhall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafions where any Queftion, Doubt or Con-troverfy may arife relating to or affefting the Rights and Interefts of His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in refpeft of the Allotment to be veiled in the King's Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, by . , T). , virtue of this Aft; and the Third of the faid Awards fhall be de- depofited with poilted with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Corn- Clerk of the wall.	Peace.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Provii'ofor this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to preju- Tithes, dice, leflen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of any Perfon or Parlous whomloever in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, arifing

or renewing out of or payable for or in refpeft of any of the Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments hereby direfted to be divided, allotted or inclofed, but that all fuch Great and Small Tithes fhall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in fuch and the fame manner as they would have been in cafe this Aft had not been palled.

XXV.	And be it further ena6led, That the feveral outermoft or How Fences to Ring Fences of the faid Moiety fo to be allotted to His Majefty, the King’s Al-His Heirs and SuccefTors as aforefaid, of the faid Commons, Moor ktmentmade, and other Open and Commonable Lands or Grounds, fhall be made

in fuch manner as the faid Commiflloners fhall direft and appoint; and fuch outermoft or Ring Fences fhall be raifed and made, and for

ever

Hosted by Google

494

C. 129.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

The King’s A1 -lotment held treed of Claims of Leflees as herein mentioned.

Remedy for LefTees aggrieved.

Expences of this

a a.

Provifo for His Majefty's Right to Mines,

ever thereafter maintained, fupported, and kept in Repair, in fuch Parts and Proportions and in fuch manner and by fuch Perfons as the faid Commillioners fhall by their Award diredf and appoint.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Allotment to be made to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors, of the faid Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands, by virtue of this A 61, fhall be allotted to and held by His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeftors, freed and difcharged from all Right or Claim of any Leflee or Leflees, to, in or upon the faid Allotment, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of any Leafe or Leafes of the faid Manor or Royalty, or of th£ faid Mefluages, Farms, inclofed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reierth ; and in cafe any fuch Leflee or Leflees fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved thereby, and the Commillioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and fuch Leflee or Leflees, fhall not fettle the fame to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners for carrying this A6t into Execution, on Application made to them by either Party, to take the matters in Queftion into their Con-iideration, and by their Orders to make unto fuch Leflee or Leflees, for his, her and their Lot's of Commonage or other Lofles by means of the faid Diviflon, Allotment and Inclofure, fuch a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by fuch Leafe or Leafes referved, or otherwife, as the faid laft mentioned Commillioners fhall think juft and equitable.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That all the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the palling of this A6t, and of carrying the fame into Execution, fhall be paid, borne and defrayed by His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors; lave only and except that the Charges and Expences of the faid John Hayward, and of every other Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed in his Stead by the feveral other Perfons having Rights of Common upon and over the faid Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands, fhall be paid, borne and defrayed by the Perfons having fuch Rights of Common.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this A61 fhall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Intereft of The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors, in or to any Mines of Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores or any other Minerals or Foflils whatfo-ever, in or under the Commons, Moor or Open and Commonable Lands hereby diredled to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part thereof; but that His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and his or their Leflees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may fearch for, work, dig, raife and carry away all Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores, Metals and all other Minerals and Foflils whatfoever, as fully and effedtually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if this A6t had not been paffed ; fave only that they fhall refpedlively do as little Damage as poflible in the Lands to be divided, allotted and inclofed as aforefaid, and fhall make reafonable Satisfa&ion and Recompence from time to time to the Perfon or Perfons poffefled thereof, for all Damage that fhall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by fearching for, working, digging, raifing and carrying

away

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

4.95

C. 129, 130.

away the„faid Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores, Metals and all other Minerals, Foflils or any of them.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained {hall prejudice, leffen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, as Lord or Lords of the Manor of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth aforefaid, of, in or to any other Seigniories, Royalties, Manorial Rights, and other Rights, Cuftoms and Services incident or belonging to fiich Manor, but that he or they {hall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Courts, Fines, Franchifes, Waifs, Eftrays, Deodands, Efcheats and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Appurtenances to fuch Manor incident, belonging or appertaining, (except only fuch Rights for which Compenfation is hereby directed to be made,) in as full, ample and beneficial manner as he or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe this A6T had not been made.

XXX.	Saving always to The King's Mold Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their SuccefTors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand whatfoever, (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby expreffed, meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed or extin-guifhed,) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the faid Commons, Moor, Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed as aforefaid, before the palling of this A 61, or would have had and enjoyed therein in cafe this A6t had not been pafled.

CAP. CXXX.

An A61 to encourage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings

in England.	[l2th July	1817.]

4 TTTHE REAS certain Provident Inftitutions or Banks for Sav-4 VV ings have been eftablifhed in England, for the fafe Cuftody 4 and Increafe of fmall Savings belonging to the induftrious Clafles 4 of His Majefty's Subjefts ; and it is expedient to give Protedtion 4 to fuch Inftitutions and the Funds thereby eftablifhed, and to afford 4 Encouragement to others to form the like Inftitutions 1* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it en-a&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Number of Perfons who have formed or {hall form any Society in any Part of Englandr, for the Purpofe of eftablilhing and maintaining any Inftitution in the Nature of a Bank, to receive Depofits of Money for the Benefit of the Perfons de-pofiting the fame, and to accumulate the Produce of fo much thereof as {hall not be required by the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, to be paid in the Nature of Compound Intereft, and to return the whole or any Part of fuch Depofit and the Produce thereof to the Depofitors, their Executors or Adminiftrators, deducing only out of fuch Produce fo much as {hall be required to be

and for the King as Lord of the Manor of Rialton.

General Saving.

Perfons forming Societies according to the Pro-vifions herein -preferibed, entitled to the Benefit of this

a a.

Hosted by Google

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

Rules, &c. of the Inftitution to lie entered in a Book, and a Copy deposited with the Clerk of the Peace,

and filed.

No Fee.

Provifo for Alterations, &c. in Rules, &c.

New Rules, &c. to be entered, &c. as before mentioned.

Officers of the Inftitution not to have any Benefit therein.

luception.

A.D.

181.7.

fo retained for the Purpofe of paying and difcharging the neceffary Expences attending the Management of fuch Inftitution, according to fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations as fhall have been or fhall be eftablifhed for that Purpofe, but deriving no Benefit whatfoever from any fuch Depofit or the Produce thereof, fhall be deiirous of having the Benefit of the Provifions of this A(ft, fuch Perfons fhall caufe the Rules, Orders and Regulations eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed for the Management of fuch Inftitution to be entered, depofited and filed in manner hereinafter directed, and thereupon fhall be deemed to be entitled to and fhall have the Benefit of the Provifions contained in this Adi.

II. Provided always, and be it further eua&ed, That no fuch Inftitution as aforefaid fhall have the Benefit of this Adi, unlefs the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of fuch Inftitution, to be appointed for that Purpofe, and which Book or Books fhall be open at all feafonable times for the Infpedtion of the Perfons making Depofits in the Funds of fuch Inftitution ; and unlefs fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations fhall be fairly tranfcribed on Parchment, and fuch Tranfcript fhall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuch Inftitution fhall be eftablifhed ; which Tranfcript fhall be filed by fuch Clerk of the Peace with the Rolls of the Seffions of the Peace in his Cuftody, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in refpedl thereof; but neverthelefs nothing herein contained fhall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amendment of any fuch Rules, Orders or Regulations fo entered and depofited and filed as aforefaid, or repealing or annulling the fame, or any of them, in the Whole or in Part, or making any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any fuch Inftitution, in fuch manner as by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inftitution fhall from time to time be provided ; but fuch new Rules, Orders or Regulations, or fuch Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules, Orders or Regulations, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rule, Order or Regulation in the Whole or in Part, fhall not be in force until th^ fame refpe<5lively fhall be entered in fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, and a Tranfcript or Tranfcripts thereof fhall be depofited with fuch Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, who fhall file the fame without Fee or Reward as aforefaid.

XII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no fuch inftitution as aforefaid fhall have the Benefit of this A£l, unlefs it fhall be exprefsly provided by the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, that no Perfon or Perfons being Treafurer, Truftee or Manager of fuch Inftitution, or having any Control in the Management thereof, fhall derive any Benefit from any Depofit made in fuch Inftitution, but that the Perfons depofiting Money therein fhall have the foie Benefit of fuch Depofits and the Produce thereof; fave only and except fuch Salaries and Allowances or other neceffary Expences as fhall, according to fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations be provided for the Charges of managing fuch Inftitution, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclufive of the Treafurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfons having Dire&ion in the Management of fuch Inftitution, who fhall not dire&ly or indire&ly

have

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 130.

497

have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, beyond their adlual Expences for the Purpofes of fuch Inftitution.

JV. And be it further enadted, That all Rules, Orders and Re- Rules to be gulations from time to time made and in force for the Management binding, of any fuch Inftitution as aforefaid, and duly entered in fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, and depofited with fuch Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, (hall be binding on the Several Members and Officers of fuch Inftitution, and the feveral Depolitors therein and their Representatives, all of whom Shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by fuch Entry and Depofit as aforefaid; and the Entry of Rules, Entry of fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations in fuch Book or &c. or Copy Books as aforefaid, or the Tranfcript thereof depofited with fuch thereof, &c. to Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, or a true Copy of fuch Tranf-	R^les6

cript examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, fhall be received as Evidence of fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations refpedlively in all cafes ; and no Certiorari fhall be brought or allow- No Certiorari, ed to remove any fuch Rules, Orders or Regulations into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record ; and every Copy of any fuch Tranfcript depofited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid fhall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of Fee< making fuch Copy ; and fuch Copy fhall not be fubjeft to any No Sta Du(.y Stamp Duty.

V.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe the Managers of any SharesofMinors fuch Inftitution fhall receive any Depofit of Money from or for the may be paid to Benefit of any Perfon under the Age of Twenty one Years, it fhall them.

be lawful for the Managers of fuch Inftitution to pay to fuch Perfon his or her Share and Intereft in the Funds of fuch Inftitution ; and the Receipt of fuch Perfon fhall be a fufficient Difcharge, not-withftanding his or her Incapacity or Difability in Law to a61 for him or herfelf.

VI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for any Friendly Socie-Friendly Society, eftablifhed under and by virtue of any Adt or ties may fub-Adts relating to Friendly Societies, from time to time to fubferibe lcnbe any Por-the Whole or any Part of the Funds of fuch Friendly Society, as p^^j^othe they, fhall from time to time direct, through their Treafurer, Steward punfisof Provi-or other Officer or Officers, into the Funds of any Inftitution which dent Iniiituticms. fhall take the Benefit of this Adf, and which fhall be willing to receive

the fame, under fuch Terms and Conditions as fhall be fpecially provided for that Purpofe by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inftitution : Provided always, that the Receipt or Difcharge of pr0vifo as to the Treafurer or other Officer of fuch Friendly Society for the time Receipt of being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds or other Secu- Treafurer being rity, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Requifition of a D|khnrge. fuch Treafurer or other Officer, apparently authorized to require fuch Payment, Transferor Delivery, fhall be a fufficient Difcharge for the fame ; and the Inftitution in which fuch Depofit fhall be made fhall not be refponfible for any Mifapplication of any fuch Money, Stock or Security by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be fo paid, transferred or delivered, or for any Want of Authority of the Perfon or Perfons requiring or receiving fuch Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Treafurer or Trea- Treafurers,&c. furers, or other Officer or Officers, or other Perfon whatever, who to give Security fhall be intruded with the Receipt or Cuftody of any Sum or Sums asreqiured by the of Money fubferibed or depofited for the Purpofes of'fuch Inftitu- eliera Rti es.

57 Geo. III.	K	k	tion,

Hosted by Google

498

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Effc-dU of Infti-tution to be veiled in Truftecs for the time being, without frelh Aflign-ment;

except as to Transfers of Stock in the Public Funds.

Trufcees may-brine and defend A6tions, &c.

No Abatement by Death or Removal of Truftee.

Coils.

tion, or any Intereil or Dividend from time to time accruing thereby, {hall be required by the Rules or Regulations of fuch Inilitution to become bound with Sureties for the juft and faithful Execution of fuch Office or Truft, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be required by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inilitution, fuch Security ffiall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, or to the Town Clerk of the Place where fuch Inilitution ffiall be eftabliffied for the time being, without Fee or Reward; and in cafe of Forfeiture it ffiall be lawful for the Perfons authorized for that Purpofe by the Rules, Regulations and Orders of fuch Inilitution, to fueupon fuch Bond or Bonds in the Name of fuch Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk for the time being, and to carry on fuch Suit at the Colts and Charges and for the Ufe of the faid Inilitution, fully indemnifying and faving harmlefs fuch Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk from all Colls and Charges in refpedl of fuch Suit; and no Bond or other Security to be fo given ffiall be fubjedl to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enadted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and EfFedts whatever, and all Securities for Money, or other obligatory Inftruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effedts whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by fuch Inilitution, ffiall be veiled in the Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inilitution for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Infti-tution and the refpedlive Depofitors therein, their refpedlive Executors or Adminiftrators, according to their Refpedlive Claims and Interefts, and, after the Death or Removal of any Truftee or Truftees, ffiall veil in the fucceeding Truftee or Truftees for the fame Eftate and Intereil as the former Truftee or Truftees had therein, and fubjedl to the fame Trulls, without any Affignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain; and alfo ffiall for all Pur-pofes of Adlion or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywife touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and taken to be, and ffiall in every fuch Proceeding (where necelfary) be Hated to be, the Property of J:he Perfon or Perfons appointed to the Office of Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inilitution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, without further Defcription ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall and they are hereby refpedlively authorized to bring or defend, or caufe to be brought or defended, any Adlion, Suit or Profecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforefaid of or belonging to or had~by fuch Inilitution ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo appointed ffiall and may, in all cafes concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforefaid of fuch Inilitution, fue and be fued, plead and be impleaded, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inilitution, without other Defcription ; and no fuch Suit, Adlion or Profecution ffiall be difeontinued or abate by the Death of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his or their Removal from the Office of Truftee or Truftees as aforefaid, but the fame ffiall and may be proceeded in by the fucceeding Truftee or Truftees in the proper Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons commencing the fame, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding ; and fuch fucceeding Truftee or Truftees ffiall pay or receive like Cofts as if the Adlion or Suit had been commenced in 3	his

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

c.iso:

4 99

Truftees not to depofit Money of Jnftifution with Bankers,

the Banks for Savings.’

his or their Name or Names, For the Benefit of or to be reimburfed from the Funds of fuch Inftitution.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful to and for the Truftee or Truftees, Manager or Managers for the time being of any fuch Inftitution as aforefaid, taking the Benefit of this A6t, at any time to place or depofit any Sum of Money which fhall have &c been paid to fuch Inftitution by any Depofitor, or any Intereft or Profit arifing therefrom, in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, or

upon any Perfonal Security, except fuch Sums of Money as from Exception, time to time fhall neceflarily remain in the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers of fuch Inftitution to anfwer the Exigencies thereof.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the Truftees of any In what cafe Inftitution which fhall take the Benefit of this A (ft in manner herein- Bank of England before provided, fhall be and they are hereby empowered to pay

into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of Money, not being ( The Fun{J for lefs than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the Truftees of fuch Inftitution, or any Two or more of them, that fuch Monies belong exclufively to the Inftitution for which fuch Payment is intended to be made, whether fuch Monies fhall have been depo-fited therein before the palling of this A<ft, or thereafter fhall be de-pofited therein ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England arc hereby required to receive all fuch Monies, and to place the fame into a new and feparate Account, to be raifed in the Names of the faid Commiflioners for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, to be denominated “ The Fund for the Banks for Savings.”

XI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That previous to any Previous to fuch Payment being made into the Bank of England as aforefaid, the Payments into Perfon or Perfons applying for that Purpofe fhall in all cafes produce jhe Bank, an

to the Officer of the faid Commiflioners, at their Office in London, duced^ andthere-an Order according to the Form in the Schedule to this A<ft an- Up0n a Certifi-nexed, marked (A.), under the Hands of Two of the Truftees of cate granted;

~	’	'	’	'	’	"	*	afterwards the

Commiflioners to iflue Debentures in favour of fuch Saving Banks, bearing

fuch Inftitution on the account of which fuch Payment is to be made ; and on the Produ<ftion of fuch Order to the faid Officer, he fhall grant his Certificate in the Form exprefled in the Schedule to this A<ft annexed, marked (B.) ; and upon the Delivery of the Certificate granted to the Party by the faid Officer, and Payment of the Sum exprefled therein at the Bank of England to the Account Intereftat3d.per

r	r -1 ^ r • rr*	.1	r	<	, ^ rr-	P,	,	,	•	,	,	Pont.

of the faid Commiflioners, the faid Officer lhall and he is hereby re- Cent, per Diem, quired to make out, within Five Days after he fhall have received Notice of fuch Payment, for Delivery to fuch Perfon or Perfons producing the Order of the faid Truftees, a Debenture containing a Receipt, figned by one of the Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of fuch Payment, carrying Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem, payable, with the Principal, at the Bank of England, on the Fifth Day of April then next following, to be dated on the Day on which fuch Payment or Payments fhall be made; which faid Form of Debeti-Debenture fhall be in the Form fpecified in the Schedule to this Uire*

A61 annexed, marked (C.) ; and the Principal and Intereft of till fuch Debentures fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and they are hereby charged and made payable out of, the Monies or Funds {landing in the Names of the faid Commiflioners in the Books of the Bank of England.

K k 2	XII.	And

Hosted by

Googk

C.130.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Truftees may demand Payment of Principal and Intereft iecured by Debenture.

Previous to fuch Payment, an Order to be produced, and thereupon Certificate granted.

New Debentures may be granted.^

Monies paid in on Saving Bank Account to be invefted in Stock, and carried to a new Account.

Debentures not transfen able.

Debentures, Scc. not liable to Stamp Duty, and

XII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Truftees of any fuch Inftitution, or any Two or more of them, to demand Payment, at any time other than on the Fifth Day of April in every Year, of the faid Cafhier or Caffiiers, of the Principal Sum fpecified in any Debenture or Debentures iffued in purfuance of the Provifions of this Ad, together with all the Intereft due thereon, computing fuch Intereft from the Day of the Date of the Debenture, inclufive, up to and including the Five Days following the Date of the Order of the faid Truftees demanding fuch Payment.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That previous to the Payment of the Principal of any fuch Debenture or Debentures, together with the Intereft due thereon as aforefaid, the Per-fon or Perfons applying to receive the fame fhall in all cafes produce to the Officer of the faid Commiffioners, at their faid Office, an Order indorfed on the Back thereof under the Hands of Two Truftees of the Inftitution for which fuch Payment fhall be demanded, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (D.) ; and the faid Officer fhall and he is hereby required, within Five Days after the Receipt of fuch Order, to grant his Certificate to the Perfon or Perfons applying, in the Form fpecified in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (E.); and upon the Produdion and Delivery at the Bank of England of fuch Certificate, the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers fhall thereupon pay fuch Principal and Intereft out of any Monies Handing in the Names of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the Bank of England, or from the Sale of Stock purchafed with the Monies originally invefted in any Debenture or Debentures as aforefaid, as the faid Commiffioners fhall dired: Provided neverthelefs, that if at any time the faid Truftees fhall require a new Debenture or Debentures in lieu of the Debenture or Debentures to be paid off, with or without the Intereft to be added thereto (the fame being fo expreffed in the faid Order of the faid Truftees), it (hall be lawful for the Officer of the faid Commiffioners to make out and deliver, to the Perfon or Perfons applying to receive the fame, a Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, in lieu of paying the Amount of fuch original Debenture (with or without the Intereft to be added thereto) in Money.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners fhall caufe all the Monies paid into the Bank of England and placed to their Account in purfuance of the Provifions of this Ad, to be invefted from time to time in the Purchafe of Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to the new and feparate Account hereinbefore provided; and the Intereft which fhall arife from time to time and become due thereon fhall in like manner be invefted in the Purchafe of Bank Annuites as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it enaded, That the Debenture or Debentures iflued under the Provifions of this Ad fhall not be transferrable or affignable, but fhall remain and continue to be the adual Property of the Truftees of the Inftitution on the account of which every fuch Debenture or Debentures was or were originally iflued, until the fame fhall be adually paid off.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Debenture or Debentures, nor any Order or Orders required from the Truftees of any fuch Inftitution, iflued or produced in purfuance of this Ad, fhall

be

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. ISO.

501

be fubje6l or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and that if any Debenture or Debentures iflued under the Provisions of this A61 fhall be loft or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, upon fatisfa&ory Evidence being produced by the Party, and good and fufficient Security given to the faid Commiflioners, to dire6t the faid Officer to grant a Duplicate Debenture to the Party applying, under the fame Regulations as by this A£t are required for the Iflue of an original Debenture.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Order or Declaration produced to the faid Officer, for the Purpofe of paying Monies into the Bank of England to the Account of the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, fhall contain any matter or thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, then and in every fuch cafe the Sum fo paid fhall be forfeited to the faid Commiflioners.

XVIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That the following Account fhall be prepared by the faid Commiflioners for the Redu6tion of the National Debt, and fhall be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth of March in every Year, if Parliament fhall be fitting, and if Parliament fhall not be fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament; 'videlicet, An Annual Account, made up to the Fifth Day of January preceding, of all Sums of Money which fhall have been received by the faid Commiflioners from the Truftees of any Inftitution or Inftitutions as aforefaid in purfuance of this A6t, fhowing the Amount of all Bank Annuities which fhall have been purchafed by the Application of fuch Sums, and the Amount of Intereft or Dividends receivable thereon by the faid Commiflioners, and diftinguifhing in fuch Account the Amount of Intereft payable by the faid Commiflioners, on all Debentures iflued to the faid Truftees as aforefaid within the fame Period, and terminating on the Fifth Day of January in every Year.

6 XIX. And Whereas it is expedient to provide againft an im-‘ proper Inveftment of Monies under the Provifions of this A61/ Be it therefore further ena6led, That the Privilege aforefaid of paying Money into the Bank of England, and of receiving Debentures for the fame, fhall be reftri6ted to fuch Inftitutions only which fhall by One or more of their Rules provide that the Sums paid by one Perfon in any one Year, and applied to the Purchafe of the aforefaid Debentures, fhall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Firft Year, and Fifty Pounds in every Year afterwards, in the whole from each Depofitor, except in the cafes where Friendly Societies fhall become Depofitors ; and it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners for the Redu6fion of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Bank of England in purfuance of this A6t, to require the Produ6tion of fuch Rule or Rules fo limiting the Sums to be depofited to the Amount above mentioned, certified under the Hands of Two of the Truftees or Managers of each fuch Inftitution refpe6tively, and any other Proof they may think it ne-cefiary to require.

XX. And be it further ena6ted, That upon every Change of a Truftee or Truftees, the preceding Truftee or Truftees, his or their Executors or Adminiftrators, fhall and do forthwith transfer all Stocks and Annuities in the Public Funds belonging to fuch Inftitution, from the Name or Names of fuch preceding Truftee or

Kk 3	Truftees,

if loft, Duplicate Debenture may be granted.

Falfe Declaration for paying in Monies, Penalty.

Account by Commiflioners for National Debt to be laid before Parliament.

Providing againft: an improper Inveftment of

Monies.

On Change of Truftees, Stoqk to be transferred by former Truftees into the Names of the

Hosted by Google

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

new Truftees and continuing Truftees, &c.

Truftees may execute a Letter of Attorney for that Purpofe.

Perfons intruft-ed with Effects of Society to account and deliver up Effeds when required.

Neglecting or refufing,

General or Quarter Sefiions may proceed in a luminary Way.

Members of Friendly Societies not liable to Forfeitures by iubfcribing to any Inftitutiou under this Ad,

Truftees, to the Name or Names of the new Truftee or Truftees who fhall be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned or of fuch new Truftee or Truftees and any continuing Truftee or Truftees, if any of the former Truftees fhall be continued, as the cafe fhall require, fo as to veft the fame in fuch new Truftee or Truftees and the continuing Truftee or Truftees, as the cafe fhall happen; and in cafe any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of any Part of fuch Stocks or Annuities, fhall from time to time be dire&ed according to the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inftitution, every fuch Transfer or Sale fhall be made by the Truftee or Truftees in whofe Name or Names the fame fhall then ftand, or by fome Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by fuch Truftee or Truftees, by Letter of Attorney executed as is required by Law in fuch cafes ; and where any fuch Transfer or Sale as aforefaid fhall be made under or by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, fuch Letter of Attorney fhall not be fubjed to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatfoever.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Effects or Funds of or belonging to fuch Inftitution, or fhall in any manner have been or fhall be intrufted with the Difpofition, Management or Cuftody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the fame, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns refpedively, fhall, upon Demand made in purfuance of any Order of the Committee of fuch Inftitution, or of any other delegated Authority as aforefaid, or at any General Meeting of the Managers thereof, give in his, her or their Account or Accounts to fuch Committee or other Authority as aforefaid, or to fuch General Meeting of the Managers of fuch Inftitution, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons who fhall be nominated to receive the fame, to be examined and allowed or difal-lowed by the faid Committee or Managers refpedively ; and fhall on the like Demand pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and aftign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effects or Funds taken or (landing in his or their Name or Names as aforefaid, or being in bis or their Hands or Cuftody, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Committee or Managers of fuch Inftitution fhall appoint ; and in cafe of any Negled or Refufai to deliver fuch Account, or to pay over fuch Monies, or to aftign, transfer or deliver fuch Securities, Effeds or Funds in manner aforefaid, it fhall be lawful to and for the Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inftitution for the time being to exhibit a Petition to the Juftices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuch Inftitution fhall be eftablifhed, who fhall and may proceed thereupon in a fummary Way, and make fuch Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to fuch Court in their Dil'cretion fhall feem juft, which Order fhall be final and conclufive ; and all Aftignments, Sales and Transfers made in purfuance of fuch Order fhall be good and effedual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon who is or fhall be a Member of any Friendly Society eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed under and by virtue of any Ad or Ads relating to Friendly Societies, fhall, by reafon of fuch Perfon being or becoming a De-pofttor in any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Ad, be confidered

as

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817*

57° GEO. III.

C. 130.

503

as fubje6l or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Difability, declared or expreffed, or intended fo to be, by or in the Rules, Orders or Regulations of fuch Friendly Society ; any Rules, Orders or Regulations of fuch Friendly Society made or hereafter to be made to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Depofitor Share of Deceaf-in the Funds of any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this A6I fhall ed, exceeding die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the faid Funds, or any

Dividends or Intereft due thereon, belonging to him or her at the ^on r° a e’ time of his or her Death, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the fame fhall not be paid to any Perfon or Perfons as Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of fuch Depofitor, but upon Probate of the Will of the deceafed Depofitor, or Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Eftate and Effects : Provided always, that When Property where the whole Eftate or Effects of any fuch deceafed Depofitor, 1S under the for or in refpeft of which any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration yalue 5oh no refpetftively fliall be granted, fhall be under the Value of Fifty b^paid in^aieTof Pounds Sterling, no Stamp Duty fhall be chargeable thereon, nor Adminiftration. upon any Legacy or Refidue or Part thereof bequeathed, nor upon any Share or Part of the Eftate or Effects to be paid or diftributed by or under fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration: Provided Perfons fo cJaim-alfo, that in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch to exhibit Probate or Letters of Adminiftration free of Stamp Duty under this Certificate of A& fhall exhibit to the Court or Perfon having Authority to grant share*1** ° the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration in fuch cafe, a Certificate of the Amount and Value of the Share and Intereft which the deceafed Depofitor had in the Funds of the faid Inftitution ; which Certificate fhall be granted in fuch form and manner as fhall have been fettled by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of the Inftitutions refpe6lively, and fhall be figned or teftified by fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be directed therein ; and every fuch Certi- Such Certificate ficate fhall be taken and received, by the Court or Perfon having received as Authority to grant fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, as Evidence of the Amount or Value of the Shares and Intereftsof the mount* deceafed Depofitor in the Funds of the faid Inftitution.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe Where the Ef-any Depofitor in the Funds of any fuch Inftitution fhall die, leaving fefts of a Perfon a Sum of Money in the faid Fund, which, with the Intereft thereon, dy,nS inteftate fhall not exceed in the whole Twenty Pounds, it fhall be lawful for ^ Admtniftra the Truftees or Managers of fuch Inftitution, and they are hereby tion not necef- ~ authorized and required, if no Will fhall be proved, or no Letters of fary. Adminiftration fhall be taken out, within Six Calendar Months after

the Death of the faid Depofitor, to pay the fame according to the Rules and Regulations of the faid Inftitution in fuch cafe made and provided ; and in the Event of there being no Rules and Regulations made in that Behalf, then the faid Truftees or Managers are hereby authorized and required to pay and divide the fame to and amongft the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the EfFedls of the deceafed Inteftate, according to the Statute of Diftributions.

< XXV. And Whereas fuch Inftitutions may be fubjeft to con-6 fiderable Lofles on Payment of Money or Transfer of Securities

*	to Perfons who may have obtained Letters of Adminiftration of the

*	Effe&s of a Depofitor? or Probate of a Will or Teftamentary Dif-

Kk 4>	‘	polition.

Hosted by Google

504

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Payments under Probates of Wills, &c. afterwards repealed, valid.

Remedy for Reprel'entattve againft Perfon receiving.

Powers of Attorney by Truftees or Depolitors,

Receipts and Entries,

free from Stamp Duty.

Where Rules of Inftitution di-redt an Arbitration, the Award to be final.

< pofition, or fuppofed Will or Teftamentary Difpofition of fuch ‘ Depolitor, which Letters of Adminiftration or Probate may after-f wards be repealed or deemed null and void Be it further enabled, That Payment or Transfer of any Money or Security for Money by any fuch Inftitution as aforefaid to any Perfon or Perfons having any fuch Letters of Adminiftration or Probate of any fuch Will or Teftamentary Difpofition, granted by any Ecclefiaftical Court, and appearing to be in force, fhall be valid and effectual with refpeift to any Demand of any other Perfon or Perfons as the lawful Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of fuch Depofitor againft the Funds of fuch Inftitution, or againft the Treafurer, Truftees or Managers thereof; but neverthelefs fuch lawful Reprefentative or Reprefentatives (hall have Remedy for fuch Money or Securities for Money fo paid or transferred as aforefaid, againft the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have received the fame.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney granted or to be granted by any Perfon or Perfons as Truftee or Truftees of any Inftitution eftablifhed under this A£t, for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Public Stocks or Funds Handing in the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Truftee or Truftees ; nor any Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney given by any Depofitor or Depofitors in the Funds of fuch Inftitution to any other Perfon or Perfons, authorizing him, her or them to make any Depofit or Depofits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the Funds on the behalf of the faid Depofitor or Depofitors, or to fign any Document or Inftrument required by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of fuch Inftitution to be figned on making fuch Depofits, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money depofited in the faid Funds, or the Dividends or Intereft arifing therefrom ; nor any Receipts given for any Dividend or Dividends in any Public Stock or Fund, or Intereft of Exchequer Bills; nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money depofited in the Funds of any fuch Inftitution, nor for any Money received by any Depofitor, his or her Executors or Adminiftrators, Affigns or Attornies, from the Funds of fuch Inftitution, fhall be fubjedl or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties wbatfoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That where Provifion fhall be made by one or more of the general Rules, Orders or Regulations of any fuch Inftitution, and filed as hereinbefore required, for a Reference by Arbitration of any Matter in Difpute between any fuch Inftitution, or any Perfon or Perfons acting under them, and any individual Depofitor therein, or any Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceafed Depolitor, or any Perfon claiming to be fuch Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in every fuch cafe the Matter fo in Difpute fhall be referred to fuch Arbitrator or Arbitrators as fhall have been named according to the general Rules, Orders or Regulations of fuch Inftitution ; and whatever Award, Order or Determination (hall be made, according to the true Purport and meaning of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inftitution, fhall be binding and con-clufive on all Parties, and fhall be final to all Intents and Purpofes, without any Appeal.

XXVIII. And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 130.

505

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi (hall be Public Aft. deemed a Public Adl, and fiiall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and other Perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially fhewn or pleaded.

SCHEDULES.

(A.)

FORM of the ORDER for the Truftees to make Payments into the Bank of England, to be produced to the Officer of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

WE> being Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablifhed at [infert the Town and County], do, in purfuance of an Add: of the 57 Geo. 3. Cap.	hereby	authorize and diredl A. B.

to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt Pounds, and to receive for the fame, on account of us the faid Truftees, a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem ; And we hereby declare, that the Sum above ftated is the exclufive Property of the faid Saving Bank fpecified in this our Order, arifing wholly from individual Contributors, not exceeding the Amount fpecified in the faid Adi for the Contribution of each Contributor, or arifing from the voluntary Donation to the Funds of the faid Society.

Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

| Truftees.

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officers of the Commiffioners, to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of England.

J DO hereby certify, That it appears by an Order dated

produced to me conformably to the Provifions.

°f an Adi of the 57 Geo. 3. Cap.	intituled	\infert	the	Title

°f this Att]> that Two of theTrufteesof the Saving Bank eftabliftied at \_infert the Town and County'] have authorized and diredfed A. B. to pay into the Bank of England> to the Account of the Commif-iioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of

Pounds, arifing from Contributions not exceeding the Amount in the faid Adi mentioned, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem.

Witnefs my Hand,	A.	-	-	-	Superintendent.

INDORSEMENT on the Back of the Truftees* Order, upon the Receipt of the Debenture.

Received the Debenture within deferibed, in virtue of the aforegoing Order.

Witnefs my Hand,	A.	-	-	-	adting	for the Truftees*

FORM

Hosted by Google

506

C. 130.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

(CO

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be ifiued by the Officer of the Commiffioners for the ReduClion of the National Debt.

No,-------------- ----------------------------------

Received	of	the	Saving Bank eftablifhed at

in the County of Pounds, which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commiffioners for the ReduClion of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

A. B. -	-	- Cafhier.

'Y^HEREAS by virtue of an A Cl of the Fifty feventli George 3. Cap.	intituled,	\infert	the	Title of this Afi~] the Sum of

Pounds hath been paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of 44 The Saving Bank’* eftablifhed at in the County of Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds Handing in the Names of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the faid Saving Bank to the Principal Sum of	Pounds,	carrying

an Intereft after the Rate of Three pence per Ceritum per Diem from the Day of the Date hereof, payable at the Bank of England to the Truftees, or to their Ufe, by the Order of Two of fuch Truftees indorfed thereon, on the Fifth Day of April next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Production of fuch Order at the Office of the faid Commiffioners, the fame being indorfed hereon under the Hands of Two of the Truftees of the faid Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Perfon producing the fame ; and the Intereft (hall in all cafes be computed to and include the Five Days following the Day of the Date of fuch Order.

Dated this	Day	of

A. -	-	-	Superintendent.

This Debenture is not transferrable nor affignable.

(D.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Truftees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

TT17E, Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank within defcribed, do hereby authorize and direCI A. B. to demand [and receive both the Principal and Intereft of this Debenture in Money] or [and receive the Intereft due thereon in Money, and alfo a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Rate of Intereft, or a new Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, and the Intereft added thereto, bearing the like Rate of

Day of

j- Truftees of the faid Saving Bank. Day of

CER-

Intereft], as the cafe may he. Witnefs our Hands this

A.	- - -

B.	- - -

Dated the

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817♦

57° GEO. III.

C. 130, 131.

507

(E.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commiffioners to enable the Payment of the Principal and Intereft of the Debenture.

J DO hereby certify, That the Debenture No.	for	the Principal Sum of	Pounds, hath been delivered at the Office

of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, conformably to an Order indorfed thereon, under the Hands of Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablifhed at \infert the Town and County'] purfuant to the Provifions of an A<ft of the Fifty feventh George 3. Cap. intituled [infert the Title of this Aft], and that the Intereft due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the faid Order, amounts to

Pounds	Shillings and	pence.

And I do further certify, That the faid Truftees have authorized and directed A, B. [to receive both the Principal and Intereft of the faid Debenture in Money] or [to receive a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of the faid Debenture, and alfo the Intereft due thereon in Money, or with the faid Intereft added to the Amount of the faid Debenture.]

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day	of

A* -	-	- Superintendent.

THE RECEIPT for the above Principal and Intereft muft be acknowledged on this Certificate, as follows:

Received in virtue of the Order fpecified in this Certificate [the Principal Sum of	Pounds	in Money, being the

Amount of the Debenture within deferibed] or [a new Debenture for the Sum of	Pounds,	being	of the like Amount,

and in lieu of the Debenture within deferibed] and alfo the Intereft due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the faid Order.

Witnefs my Hand, A, -	-	a<fting for the faid Truftees.

CAP. CXXXI.

An A£t for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provifions touching the Election of Members to ferve in Parliament for Places in Ireland.	[12th July 1817.]

‘ TT7HEREAS it is neceflary to amend the Laws for regulating * VV the Eledtion of Members to ferve in Parliament for Places ‘ in Ireland, and to provide for the more expeditious taking of Polls c thereat Be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft Day of Augujl next, every Poll which (hall be demanded at any Election for a Member or Members to ferve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in Ireland, fhall commence on the Day upon which the fame (hall be demanded, or upon the next Day at fartheft (unlefs it fhall happen to be a Sunday, Chrijlmas Day or Good Friday, and then on the Day next after), and fhall be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sundays, Chrijlmas Day

From Aug. 1, 1817, every Poll muft commence at the lateft the Day after it is demanded,unlefs it be Sunday, &c. and muft not continue longer than a certain

Hosted by Google

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Day, except as herein mentioned.

Name of Perfon eledled to be declared at the Clofe of the Poll, or the Day after, and Return made.

After Fourth Day, Returning Officer may clofe any Booth when no more than 20 have polled in the Dav.

Within Two Days after Receipt of Writ, Proclamation to he made of the Ele&ion.

Whenever more than 2,000 Freeholders regif-tered in one Barony, &c. Names of Freeholders to be lo divided that no more than 2,oco (hall have to poll in one Booth.

Expence of Booths, &c.

and Good Friday always excepted) until the fame be finifhed ; but fo as that no Poll at any Ele&ion held by virtue of a Writ fhall continue longer than the Fortieth Day at furtheil after the Teft thereof, and if by virtue of fuch Writ the Eledlion fhall be held by Precept, no Poll at fuch Ele&ion fhall continue longer than the Thirtieth Day at furtheil after the Date thereof; and if fuch Polls fhall continue refpedlively until fuch Fortieth or Thirtieth Day, then the fame fhall be finally clofed at or before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon of the fame Day ; and the Returning Officer or Officers at every fuch Election fhall immediately, or on the Day next after the final Clofe of the Poll, truly, fairly and publicly declare the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons who have the Majority of Votes on fuch Poll, and fhall forthwith make a Return of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

II. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he or they are hereby required, on any Day after the Fourth Day of Polling, to clofe finally any Booth in which no more than Twenty Eledlors have polled, or have been referred for Decifion to the Booth of fuch Returning Officer or Officers, during that Day.

i III. And Whereas it is expedient to afford full time before the ‘ Return of the Writ for the polling of Freeholders at the Election ‘ of a Knight or Knights to ferve in Parliament for any County in ‘ IrelandBe it enabled, That immediately after the Receipt of the Writ for making any fuch Election, it fhall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of fuch County, and he is hereby required, to indorfe on the Back thereof the Date of receiving the fame, and within Two Days after the Receipt thereof to caufe Proclamation to be made at the Place where the enfuing Election ought by Eaw to be holden, and to caufe to be affixed on the Door of the County Court Houfe public Notice thereof, figned by himfelf, of a Special County Court to be there holden, for the Purpofe of fuch Ele&ion only, on any Day, Sunday excepted, not later from the Day of making fuch Proclamation and affixing fuch Notice than the Sixteenth Day, nor fooner than the Tenth Day*

IV. And be it ena£ted, That whenever in any one Barony or Half Barony of any County in Ireland, the Number of Freeholders regiftered within Eight Years previous to the Tell of the Writ for holding fuch Election, and exceeding Twelve Calendar Months previous to the Tell of fuch Writ, fhall exceed Two thoufand, it fhall and may be lawful for the Sheriff, and he is hereby required, on receiving written Notice thereof from any Candidate, to divide alphabetically, as equally as can be (but fo as not in any cafe to divide the Names beginning with the fame Letter), all the Names of the Freeholders fo regiftered in fuch Barony or Half Barony, fo that it fhall not be neceffary for more than Two thoufand to poll in any Booth, and to eredl as many more Booths, or hire as many more Buildings, as may be neceffary for this Purpofe,. and to appoint as many additional Deputies or other Officers as fhall be neceffary, to take the Poll at fuch additional Booths or Buildings, not exceeding One Deputy and One Poll Clerk to each fuch Booth or Building ; and the Expence of every fuch additional Booth or Building, and the Wages of every fuch additional Deputy or Officer, at the fame Rate as other Booths or Buildings, and as other Deputies

Hosted by Google

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

50 9

or Officers, fhall be paid to the Sheriff by all Candidates jointly on Demand.

4 V. And Whereas It is expedient that any Reference made to the 4 Sheriff fhould not interrupt the Poll Be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of any County in Ireland, and he is hereby required, to ere£t a Booth or hire a Building wherein he may and fhall decide fuch cafes as may be referred to him, exclufive of the Number of Booths or Buildings nor -f required by Law ; and fuch Sheriff is hereby required to give his conftant Attendance therein, during the entire Number of Hours that the Polling fhall continue each Day.

4 VI. And Whereas by an A 61 palled in the Fifty firff Year of 4	His prefent	Majefty, intituled	An Aft to	amend the Laws for

4	regulating the	Eleftion in Ireland	of Members	to ferve in Parliament,

4	it is (among	other things) enacted, That	when a Poll fhall be

4	demanded at	any Election of a	Member or	Members to ferve in

4 Parliament for any County, City, Town or Borough in Ireland, the 4 Returning Officer or Officers at any fuch Election, after fuch Poll 4 fhall be demanded, fhall, at the Inftance and Requeft of any Can-4 didate or Candidates at fuch Election, under his or their Hand or 4 Hands, immediately after fuch Requeft, and before he or they fhall 4 proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint 4 Two or more Juftice6 of the Peace (as the cafe may require) to 4 adminifter the Oaths and Declarations required in and by an A6t 4 palled in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to enable His Majefy’s Subjects,

4 of whatever Perfuafon, to tef ify their Allegiance to Him; and alfo 4 another A£t, paffed in the Thirty third Year of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Relief of His Majejly’s 4 Popifh or Roman Catholic Subjefts in Ireland ; and that the Clerk 4 of the Peace, or a Deputy by him appointed in Writing under his 4 Hand for that Purpofe, fhall attend fuch Perfons: And Whereas 4 there are other Oaths befides thofe enumerated in faid A61 which 4 Voters at Eledlions of Members to ferve in Parliament may be by 4 Law required to take, the prefent Mode of adminiftering whereof is 4 attended with Delay and InconvenienceBe it therefore enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftices of the Peace fo appointed, and they are hereby empowered and required, feverally and at different Places feparate and apart from the Place where the Poll fhall be taken, to adminifter all the Oaths and the Declarations and Affirmations required to be taken or made by Perfons offering to vote at any Ele6lion (the Bribery Oath or Affirmation only excepted), which Oath or Affirmation fhall be taken or made at the Place of taking the Poll, at the Delire of any Candidate or Eledlor, by every Perfon offering to vote at any Election, as before the paffing of this A6L

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Perfon fo appointed as aforefaid fhall, immediately after fuch Appointment, and before he fhall take upon him to a& under fuch Appointment, take the following Oath, in place of the Oath required by the faid recited A6t ; (that is to fay),

( J A> B. do fwear, That I will faithfully and impartially adminifter 4 the Oaths and take the Affirmations now required by Law to be 4 taken or made by Voters at Ele&ions for Members to ferve in Par-

4 liament

Sheriff to have a Booth, feparate ancl exclufive of Polling Booths, where he is to attend

f Sic.

51 G. 3* c* 77-§ 4-

13& 14 G.3. (I.) c -35-

33 G.3. (I.)

C. 21.

Juftices to adminifter all Oaths, &c.

Exception.

Perfons fo appointed to take the following Oath.

Hosted by

Google

510

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

*	liament (except the Bribery Oath or Affirmation) to and from fuch 4 Perfons as fhall lawfully apply to me in that Behalf, in order to ‘ qualify themfelves to vote at this Ele&ion.’

Which Oath, to be taken by the feveral Perfons refpe&ively fo to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter; and fuch Clerk of the Peace, or a Deputy fo appointed by him for the Pur-pofes aforefaid, fhall attend each of fuch Juftices of the Peace during the Adminiftration of fuch Oaths, Affirmations and Declarations, PeaceS sfc^to anc^ S*ve> without Fee or Reward, to every Perfon who fhall give Certificate ta^e	Oaths or make fuch Declarations or Affirmations refpec-

of Oath, &c. tively, a Certificate thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned, and without Fee,and fhall take the following Oath, in place of the Oath required by to take the the faid recited A£t : (that is to fay), following Oath.	v	J

‘ J A, B. do fwear, That I will, on being thereunto requefted, fairly

*	and truly give, without Fee or Reward, to every fuch Perfon, or ‘ any of them, who fhall take fuch Oaths or make fuch Declarations

*	or Affirmations refpe&ively, or any of them, as are now required e by Law to be taken or made by Voters at Elections for Members ‘ to ferve in Parliament before the Juftices of the Peace appointed ‘ by the Returning Officer, a Certificate thereof; and that I will c not give fuch Certificate to any Perfon before he fhall have taken

*	fuch Oath or Oaths, or make fuch Declaration or Declarations, ‘ Affirmation or Affirmations refpe&ively, as fhall be mentioned in

*	fuch Certificate, in my Prefence.9

Electors to apply before voting, to Perfons fo appointed, who fhall adminifter the Oaths, &c. and Clerks of the Peace to give Certificates thereof.

Which Oath, to be taken by the feveral Perfons refpedlively fo to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That after the Perfons fo appointed fhall have taken fuch Oath fo required to be taken by them refpedtively as aforefaid, any Perfon or Perfons claiming to vote at any fuch Election as aforefaid may, at any time before he or they fhall give his or their Vote or Votes at fuch Election, apply to any One of the Perfons fo appointed and fworn as aforefaid, to take the Oaths and make the Declarations and Affirmations or any of them ; and the Perfon to whom fuch Application fhall be made fhall accordingly adminifter the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons fo claiming a Right to vote ; and the faid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, fo fworn and appointed, fhall, immediately upon fuch Oaths being taken, and Affirmations or Declarations being made, fign and deliver a Certificate thereof to fuch Perfon who fhall have taken fuch Oaths or made fuch Affirmations or Declarations refpe&ively, which Certificate fnall contain the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom the fame fhall be fo given ; and in cafe of Perfons taking the faid Oath fhall be in the Terms following ; (that is to fay,)

Form of Certifi- < A. B. [naming the Perfon taking the Oath, Declaration or -^taking	< Affirmation] of [naming the Place of fuch Perfons Abode, and his

f ' ' vC>	* Addition or OccupationJ has taken the Oath [or Oaths, Affirm-

‘ ation or Affirmations, Declaration or Declarations] of [naming 6 the faid Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, Declaration or c Declarations, fo adminifered], before me, this ‘ Day of	.’

And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. 131.

511

And every fuch Perfon to whom fuch Certificate ffiall be fo given Production of ffiall, on producing fuch Certificate to the Perfon or Perfons Jaw- Certificate to fully taking the Poll at fuch Ele&ion, be deemed to have taken or ent,tle t0 vote* made fuch Oaths, Declarations or Affirmations as effe&ually, in order to entitle him to vote at fuch Ele&ion, as if the fame had been taken or made in manner and form required before the paffing of this A6t-

IX.	And be it further enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That Perfons offering when any Perfon or Perfons offering to vote at any fuch Election, to vote without without producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, fhall be lawfully Producint5 Cerr ^ required to take the faid Oaths, or make tlie faid Declarations or req^ired^to61112 Affirmations or any of them, then fuch Oaths, Declarations or withdraw and Affirmations, or any of them, fhall not be adminiftered by the take the Oaths Returning Officer or Officers or other Perfon or Perfons taking the before One of Poll, or at the Place of taking the faid Poll ; but the Elector j}ie^nimiU or Electors fo required to take fuch Oaths, or make fuch Declar- lon'ls* ations or Affirmations, fhall immediately withdraw, and fhall take

the faid Oaths, or fubfcribe and make the faid Declarations or Affirmations refpe£tively, before One of the Commiffioners appointed and fworn as aforefaid in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

X.	And be it further enadted, That every Elector having received Certificate to be fuch Certificate as aforefaid, fhall, fo foon as he fhall have polled, cancelled after deliver the fame to the Perfon taking the Poll, who fhall forthwith PollinS* cancel the fame.

XI.	And be it further enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That If the Number if at any time during the Poll at any fuch Election, it fhall be found of Perfons fo ap-that the Number of Perfons fo appointed as aforefaid is inefficient P?*nted torfd?i" for the Purpofes aforefaid, and that the Poll is delayed for want of fooulV be infuf-a fufficient Number of Perfons to adminifter fuch Oaths, Declarations ficient, more and Affirmations as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the may be appoint-Returning Officer or Officers at fuch Election may, and he or they ed by Returning is and are hereby empowered and required, at the Inftance and Re- C>fficcr*

queft in Writing of any Candidate then prefent, to retain, nominate and appoint fuch further Number of Perfons, for the Purpofe of adminiftering the faid Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforefaid, and of granting fuch Certificates as aforefaid, as ffiall be neceffary to prevent fuch Delay ; and the Perfons fo nominated and appointed ffiall take the like Oath, which ffiall be adminiftered to them refpedtively in like manner as is hereinbefore dire&ed with refpeft to the Perfon firft appointed for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Returning Officer or Returning Offi-Officers at every fuch Election ffiall and is and are hereby required cer to appoint to appoint, find and provide a proper Place for every fuch Perfon fo proper Places for appointed as aforefaid, to execute the Duty hereby impofed upon executmS A<T fuch Perfon, to which Place the refpe&ive Ele&ors may have free

Accefs, without interrupting the Poll, and fo as to enable the Perfons fo appointed to a£t feparately without interfering with each other in the Execution of their Office; and that each of the faid Hours of keep-Places fo appointed ffiall be open and attended by the Perfon or ing fuch Places Perfons appointed to a£t there during all fuch times as the Poll open, at any fuch Eledlion {ball be kept open* and ffiall continue at leaft Eight Hours in every Day, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, until the final Clofe of the Poll ; and that the faid Oaths and the faid Declarations and Affirmations ffiall refpe&ively be adminiftered to as many of the Eleftors, being

ready

Hosted by Google

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Returning Officers to provide primed Forms of Certificates.

Returning Officers on Notice to provide proper Places for admi-niflering Oaths, Sec.

Expences, as herein mentioned, defrayed by Candidates.

Clerk of the Peace to caufe Deputy to attend with Affidavits of Regiftry of Freeholds.

Returning Officers, on Demand of Candidate, to appoint Interpreters.

Interpreters to rake the following Oath.

ready and defiring to take or make the fame refpeftively, as can conveniently take or make the fame together, not exceeding the Number of Twelve at one time; and fuch Returning Officer or Officers fhall alfo find, provide and deliver to each Perfon who fhall be appointed by him or them in manner aforefaid, a fufficient Number of printed Certificates, agreeable to the Form hereinbefore diretfted, to be filled up as Occafion may require, and figned by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, appointed or fworn as aforefaid, attending on fuch Perfon as aforefaid, and delivered to each Elector fo taking the faid Oaths or declaring or affirming as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That in cafe the Candidates or any of them fhall, Three Days at leaft before any fuch Election, give or caufe to be given Notice in Writing to the Returning Officer or Officers, to provide proper Places for adminiftering faid Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations to the Electors, then and in every fuch cafe Booths or fuch other proper Places fhall be prepared and provided, fo as to be ready before and againft the Day of Election ; the Expence of which Booths or Places, and of the faid printed Forms, and alfo the Allowance and Compenfation (if any) to be made to the feveral Juftices of the Peace adminiftering fuch Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforefaid, for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding One Guinea a Day to every of them, and alfo the Allowance and Compenfation to be made to the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputies, appointed as aforefaid, for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding Half a Guinea a Day to every of them for each Day of Attendance, fhall be defrayed and repaid by the Candidates at fuch Election, in equal Proportions, to the Returning Officer or Officers who fhall have incurred fuch Expence.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That the Clerk of the Peace fhall and is hereby required to attend, or caufe his Deputy to attend, during the whole of every Election of Members to ferve in Parliament, the Returning Officer or Officers in his or their Booth, Court or Building where he or they fhall prefide at fuch Election ; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy fhall bring with him all the original Affidavits of the Regiftry of Freeholds, and fhall, on Demand of the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Aflefior, produce fuch Affidavit as may be required by him or them.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he or they is and are hereby required, on Demand or Requeft in Writing of any Candidate or Candidates, immediately after fuch Requeft, to retain, nominate and appoint as many competent Perfons to a<ft as Interpreters as there fhall be Places of Polling, or Places of taking the Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforefaid, fo that one fuch Interpreter fhall attend each of fuch Places to tranflate faithfully fuch Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations, and fuch Queftions and Anfvvers as are hereinbefore or hereinafter required to be taken, made, afked or given at the Place of Polling, and alfo before the Perfons appointed to adminifter Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforefaid ; and every fuch Interpreter fhall, immediately after fuch Appointment, and before he fhall take upon him to a<5t under fuch Appointment, take the following Oath, which the Returning Officer or Officers are hereby required to adminifter:

< I A. B.

Hosted by Google •

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 131.

513

c T A.B. do fwear, That I will faithfully interpret fuch Oaths,

‘ 1 Declarations, Affirmations, Queftions and Anfwers as I ffiall 4 be directed to interpret by the Returning Officer or Officers, his

<	or their Deputies, and the Perfons appointed to adminifter Oaths,

<	Declarations and Affirmations at this Election/

And the Allowance and Compenfation to be made to the feveral Allowance to Perfons appointed as aforefaid for their Trouble and Attendance, h«ch Perfons not exceeding Half a Guinea a Day to every of them for each j?aid ’°-v Can~ Day of Attendance, ffiall be defrayed and repaid by the Candidates 1 ates‘ at fuch Election, in equal Proportions, to the Returning Officer or Officers.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, Deputy to ex-That at all Eledtions at which any Perfon ffiall tender his Vote amme Electors as having a Freehold, the Deputy preiiding in any Polling Booth as 1° or Building ffiall perfonally examine fuch Perfon as to his Name other Perfon and Refidence, as to the Value, Tenure and Situation of his Free- to examine or hold, and whether it arifes from a Rent Charge ; but it ffiall not be plead, lawful for any other Perfon be fide s the Deputy, whether Barrifter,

Attorney, Agent, Candidate, Eledfor or other Perfon, to plead or fpeak to or examine any Perfon tendering his Vote, on any Pretence whatever, during the Continuance of the Poll, in any of the Polling Booths.

‘ XVII. And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Power of c Rejection and Examination of Perfons tendering their Votes by c the Deputies of Returning Officers Be it enadted by the Au- Deputy not to thority aforefaid, That it ffiall not be lawful for any Deputy to hiveftigate Riche examine any Perfon tendering his Vote, except as hereinbefore [° vote,[’m 10 directed ; and that if any Objection ffiall arife as to the Right of fuch Perfon to.vote, fuch Objedlion ffiall be forthwith referred to the Returning Officer or Officers ; but it ffiall n&t be lawful for any Deputy to inveftigate fuch Perfon’s Right to vote, nor to rejedl fuch Performs Vote, without Reference to the Returning Officer or Officers.

* XVIII. And Whereas great Delay has taken place from un-c neceffary Searches for original Affidavits of Regiftry at various 6 Elections, notwithftanding the Freeholders tendering their Votes * had produced legal Certificates of their having regiftered their 4 Freeholds ;* Be it therefore enadled by the Authority aforefaid, Certificote of That after the palling of this Adt? in every cale in which a Per- Regiftry of foil offering to poll ffiall produce a Certificate of Regiftry in manner and form by. Law required, without Erafure or Interlineation, ci^fiveEvidence, fuch Certificate ffiall be deemed conclulive Evidence of his having duly regiftered fuch Freehold ; but if any Variance between fuch Certificate and the Book of Regiftry ffiall appear to the Deputy, or if no fuch Certificate ffiall be produced by fuch Perfon, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Deputy, and he is hereby required, to refer fuch Perfon, if objected to, to the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Affeffor or Affeffors, who, or one of whom, are hereby exclufively authorized to examine fuch Perfon’s original Affidavit of Regiftry.

( XIX. And Whereas by an A6t of the Irijh Parliament, palled

<	in the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 37 0.3. (I.)

6 intituled An Aft for the further Regulation of the Eledion of

57 Geo, HI.	LI	c Members

Hosted by Google

514

C. 131.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1317.

Freeholders of 50I. or 20I. may omit Parilh in Oaths,

and to name Townland, &c.

Peri'ons convidt-ed of polling Twice, (Exception) or of per-fonating others, to be tranfported for Seven Years.

Freeholder under 20I. fub-jett only to Crown or Quit Rent, &c. may regifter as under the laid Adt 3 7 G. 3- (h)

Oath to be taken by fuch Freeholder.

Such Freeholder to make the fame Affirmation and Oaths as Perfons having Freeholds of 2cl. Value.

Members to fernye in Parliament, it is enabled, that any Perfon feifed of a Freehold, not confifting of a Rent Charge, (hall defire c to regifter it, as being of the Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty 1 Pounds, he (hall, in the Oath or Affirmation therein provided,

4 name the Parifh or Parifhes, and the Townland or Townlands in 4 which fuch Freehold may be fituated : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the Name of the Parilh or Parifhes ffiould in the faid

*	Oath be omitted, and that the Townland or Townlands, or

* other Denomination by which the Place is generally known,

* wherein the Freehold is fituated, be named in the faid Oath or 6 AffirmationBe it enadted, That it fhall be lawful for any Perfon feifed of a Freehold, not confifting of a Rent Charge, who {hall defire to regifter it as being of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty Pounds, to omit in faid Oath or Affirmation the Name of the Parifh or Parifhes in which faid Freehold may be fituated, and to name therein the Townland or Townlands, or other Denomination by which the Place is generally known, wherein the faid Freehold may be fituated.

XX. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid. That every Perfon who fhall be by due Courfe of Law convicted of having polled a Second time at the fame Election, except as hereinafter mentioned, or of having perfonated any other Perfon for the Purpofe of polling at fuch Election, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be tranfported for Seven Years to fome Part of His Majefty’s Dominions out of Europe, or be imprifoned for any term not more than Seven Years, at the Difcretion of the Judge' or Judges who fhall try fuch Perfon.

4 XXI. And Whereas it is expedient that Perfons having Free-4 holds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and fubjedf 4 only to Crown or Quit Rent, or arifing from Fee Farm Grants, 4 or under a Leafe or Leafes for ever, or for Lives renewable for 4 ever, fhould have the Power of voting at Elections for Members 4 of Parliament, although they fhould not refide thereon, or occupy 4 fuch Freeholds by tilling or grazing, to the Amount of Forty 4 Shillings yearly Value thereof Be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for Perfons having Freeholds under Twenty Pounds yearly Value, not confifting of a Rent Charge, and liable only to Crown or Quit Rents, to regifter the fame in like manner as is provided for Perfons having Freeholds of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in an A£t of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, hereinbefore in part recited.

XXII.	And be it further enadfed, That fuch Perfon fo regiftering his Freehold, fhall infert in the Oath of Regiftry the Words 44 Forty Shillings,” inftead of the Words Twenty Pounds or Fifty Pounds ; and fhall add the following Words, 44 and that the 44 faid Freehold does not confift of a Rent Charge, and that it is 44 liable to no Rent, except Crown or Quit Rent,” or 44 that it 44 arifes from a Fee Farm Grant,” or 44 that I hold it under a 44 Leafe or Leafes for ever,” or 44 that I hold it under a Leafe or 44 Leafes for Lives, renewable for ever,” as the cafe maybe.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Perfon who ftiall offer to vote by virtue of a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and holding the fame fubjedt only to Crown or Quit Rents, before he be admitted to poll, fliall make the fame Affirmations

Hosted by

Google

57° GEO. IIr.

C. 131.

515

lions and take the fame Oaths as are now provided for Perfons having Freeholds of the Value of Twenty Pounds : Provided always, that fuch Perfon fhall in fuch Oaths make the fame Alterations and Additions as are herein fet forth in the Oath of Regiftry for fuch Perfons.

c XXIV. And Whereas by fundry Statutes palled by the Par-c liament of Ireland, and alfo by the Forty fifth of His prefent

*	Majefty, it is enadted, that every Oath or Affirmation made and 6 fubicribed at any Seffion of the Peace for Regiftry of any Free-c hold, fhall be read aloud in open Court and figned by Two of the c Juftices prefiding therein : And Whereas the Number of the

*	Juftices who are empowered to a 61 within feveral of the Counties 4 of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, agreeably to the 4 Charters thereof, is extremely limited in Amount, and often con-< fined in a great Degree to thofe who from Age and Infirmity are 1 incapacitated for adtive Performance of Duty : And Whereas it

*	is neceflary to provide againft any confequent Inconvenience or 4 Delay of Perfons poflefied of Freehold Property who wifh duly 6 to regifter fuch Freeholds, and to qualify themfelves for exercifmg c the elective FranchifeTherefore be it enabled, That in all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, the Mayor or other Chief Magiftrate of fuch County of a City or County of a Town, or other his fufficient Deputy appointed by him purfuant to the Charter, in cafe of his Illnefs or Abfence from fuch City or Town, fhall continue to hold each General Quarter Seffion of the Peace for one entire Day after the Criminal and other Bufinefs of every fuch Seffion has been fully tranfafted, commencing his Sitting at the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, for the Purpofe of regiftering all fuch Freeholders as prefent themfelves for that Purpofe, in fuch manner and form as now required by Law ; and that the faid Mayor fhall continue his Sitting until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and adminifter all the Oaths and fign all Certificates which are now required by Law to render the Regiftry of fuch Freehold valid ; and that the Signature of fuch Chief Magiftrate or his Deputy fhall be fingly and of itfelf a fufficient Atteftation of fuch Regiftry, in place of the Signatures of Two Magiftrates as now required by Law, and fhall be then and there delivered by fuch Mayor or his Deputy to the Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept among the Records of the Court.

XXV. And it is hereby further ena6ted, That if the Mayor or other Chief Magiftrate fhall, by himfelf or his fufficient Deputy, neglect or wilfully omit to hold any fuch Seffion, in manner and form as hereinbefore recited, or to admit to regifter their Freeholds thereat fuch Perfons duly qualified as fhall prefent themfelves for that Purpofe to the faid Mayor or Chief Magiftrate, fuch Mayor or Chief Magiftrate fo offending fhall forfeit the penal Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every fuch Negledl of Duty ; and if the Clerk of the Peace or his fufficient Deputy fhall negleft or omit to attend at fuch Seffion of the Peace, and then and there to do all A£ts now required of him by Law for the Regiftry of Freeholders, fuch Clerk of the Peace fhall forfeit the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds ; fuch Penalties to be recovered by Information in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin; One Moiety whereof fhall be

L 1 2	payable

Provifo.

4 5 0.3.<--59’§*«

Regulations for the Regiftry of Freeholders.

Mayor, &c. not admitting Freeholders to be regiftered,

Penalty iocl. Clerk of the Peace neglecfting hisDut}r,

Penalty 50!,

Hosted by Google

516

C.131.	57°	GEO.	IIL	A.I). 181/

payable to our Lord The King, and the other Moiety to him who fhall fue for and recover the fame.

Foil Clerk to	XXVI. And be it further enacted. That from and after palling

in^Oath10110''^	&id recited Aft, at any Election for any Member or Mem-

“ J	bers	to	ferve	in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or Town

in Ireland, every Perfon whom the Returning Officer or Officers fhall retain to aft as a Clerk for taking the Poll, fhall, before he commences to take fuch Poll, take the following Oath :

<	J A, B. fwear, That I will truly and indifferently take the Poll

<	at this Eleftion, and fet down the Name and Refidence of each c Voter, the Value, Tenure, Situation and Place and Date of Re-

<	giftry of his Freehold, and whether fworn to or affirmed by fuch

<	Voter, as the cafe may be, and for whom he fhall poll.’

Returning Officer acting partially, Imprifonment for Three Years, and Incapacity.

Deputy Sheriff, &c. ahfenting hionFeIf, to forfeit Compe illation, and another to be appointed.

Returning Officer, dec. refuting or neglefting to perform his Duty,

Penalty.

Qualification of Deputy Sheriffs.

Which Oath of every fuch Poll Clerk the faid Returning Officer or Officers is or are hereby authorized and required to adminifter.

6 XXVII. And Whereas it is neceffary to guard againft impro-‘ per Conduft of Returning Officers at fuch Eleftion for Members * to ferve in ParliamentBe it enafted, That every Returning Officer who fhall be by due Courfe of Law convifted of having afted corruptly or partially in the Execution of his Duty of Returning Officer at any Eleftion for Members to ferve in Parliament, fhall be adjudged guilty of a high Mifdemeanor, and be imprifoned for Three Years ; and fuch Perfon, fo convifted, is hereby declared to be for ever incapable of holding any Office or Situation, Civil or Military, under the Crown.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That any Deputy Sheriff’, Commiffioner for adminiftering Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforefaid, Poll Clerk, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, appointed as aforefaid, or Interpreter, abfenting himfelf, fhall forfeit all Compenfation for Attendance during fuch Eleftion ; and the Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required, in cafe of the Abfence of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, immediately to appoint, as before herein direfted, a Perfon or Perfons to fill his or their Place or Places.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That any Returning Officer, or Deputy Returning Officer, Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer hereinbefore mentioned, who fhall refufe or negleft to perform his Duty according to the Provifions of this Aft, fhall forfeit Ten Pounds with Treble Cofts for each and every fuch Inftance of Refufal or Negleft, to any Perfon fuing for the fame at any Seffions of the Peace within Twelve Calendar Months after fuch Inftance of Negleft or Refufal.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That no Sheriff of any County in Ireland fhall appoint, after the paffing of the prefent Aft, any Perfon to aft as his Deputy, unlefs fuch Perfon fhall be a Freeholder of fuch County, having a Freehold of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at leaft above all Charges ; and fuch Sheriff is hereby required to demand, upon Oath, of fuch Perfon offering to be fworn as Deputy, whether fuch Perfon has a Freehold of that Value.

In cafe of Death XXXI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe of the Death or Illnefs of Re- or fevere Illnefs of the Returning Officer or Officers during the turning Officer,	Continuance

Hosted by Google

57° GEO, III.

C. 181.

517

Continuance of the Poll, it fball and may be lawful for the firft fuff fworn De-

fworn Deputy, who fhall be fworn by himfelf for this Purpofe puty to proceed

before the Commencement of the Poll, and he is hereby required,	aS

under the Penalty of forfeiting One thoufand Pounds to any Perfon er<

fuing for the fame, to proceed in the Poll, and to a£l in every refpedt Penalty ioogh

for all the Purpofes of the Election as if he had been originally

Returning Officer, and take the Oath as directed by Law for the

Returning Officer at the Commencement of the Poll, which any

Two Juftices of the Peace are hereby authorized to adminifter,

and proceed in the Poll, and to adt in every refpedt as Returning

Officer for all the Purpofes of fuch Election, as if he had been

originally Returning Officer, and fhall make a Special Return of

the Fadts, as the cafe may be, unlefs his Authority {hall be pre-

vioufly fuperfeded by the Recovery of the Returning Officer, or the

legal Appointment of a new one, as the cafe may be.

‘ XXXII. And Whereas it is expedient, in the Event of the 6 Death of any Candidate during a Poll, that all Perfons who have * given their Votes for fuch Candidate ffiould be enabled to vote over c again Be it enadted by the Authority aforefaid, That in all cafes Perfons having where it fhall be made to appear to the Returning Officer, upon Oath v°ted for Can-of any credible Witnefs, which Oath he is hereby empowered and dur^the* p0ll directed to adminifter at any time before the Poll is finally clofed at empowered to * any Election, that any Candidate for whom any Votes have been vote again, given at fuch Election fhall have died, then fuch Returning Officer fhall caufe public Notice thereof to be given, and fhall direct fuch Poll to be adjourned till the next Day; and in fuch cafe every Eledtor who fhall have voted for fuch deceafed Candidate fhall be •admitted, if he think fit, to vote over again :	Provided	always,	that	Proviib.

nothing herein contained fhall extend to enable any Perfon who fhall have fo voted for any deceafed Candidate to vote again for more than one Candidate, or to give fuch Vote in favour of any Candidate for whom he fhall have before voted.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled, That in every fuch cafe of Oath to be taken any Perfon being fo admitted to vote a Second time, the following by Perfons voting Words fhall be omitted out of the Oaths or Affirmations now a Second time, directed by Law to be taken or made by every fuch Perfon before

he is admitted to poll; (that is to fay), “ And that I have not c( been before polled at this Eledlion and that in lieu thereof the following be inferted ; (that is to fay), cc and that I have polled at ti< this Election for A. B» now deceafed.”

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That at any Eledfion for Returning'^pf-any County, City, Borough or Town in Ireland, it fhall be lawful ficer may funa-for any Returning Officer or Officers to fummon all Conftables,

Bailiffs or other Peace Officers, to attend and keep the Peace at fuch Election; and that any fuch Conftable, Bailiff or Peace Officer negledling to attend during the whole of fuch Election, fhall forfeit

fuch Office of Conftable, Bailiff or other Peace Officer, and all Salary due to him.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled, That any Conftable, Bailiff Bailiffs conviffecl or other Peace Officer, convi&ed of a Breach of the Peace during °/reac\^r fuch Eledlion, fhall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and be demeanor’ * " imprifoned for any time not more than Twelve Calendar Months.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadted, That the Returning Officer Returning Of-or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, at any Election, fhall ficer may commit have Power, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, to com- Perl°Hs for 2,4

L 1 3	mit

mon Bailiffs, Sec. to attend Elec-

Hosted by

Google

518

C. 131, 132.

57° GEO. Ill

A.D.1817.

Hours found rioting.

All former exifiling AS.s confirmed, &c. except as herein altered, See.

mit all Perfons to Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, who fhali be found rioting or interrupting the Poll, or wilfully preventing the Approach of Eleftors to the Place of polling ; provided that the time of fuch Imprifonment fhall not in any cafe exceed Twenty four Hours.

XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That all former Afts of Parliament, made for the Regulation of the Eleftion of Members to ferve in Parliament for Places in Ireland, not heretofore repealed, are hereby confirmed and reenafted, except as the fame are herein-amended or altered.

C A P. CXXXII.

An Aft: for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.

[12th July 1817.]

§ 1.^.1,300,000 o o

II.

III.

IV.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X. XI.

XII.

1,500,000 o

2,000,000	0	0
*5>749	1S	2
1,849,810	1	6|
1,225,978	2	3
400,000	0	O
3,000,00 0	0	O
24,000,000	0	O
18,000,000	0	O
9,000,000	0	O
3,600,000	0 -	O
J5>749	15	2
1,849,810	1	H
1,225,978	2	3
1,300,000	0	O
400,000	0	O
1,500,000	0	O



Granted to make good the Supply of Great Britain and Ireland for 1817.

Out of the Duties of 56 G. 3. c, I7.

Out of Arrears of Property j Tax under 46 G. 3. c. 65 Treafury to direft any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out as directed by 48 G.3. c. 1. on Fourteen Days7 Notice in the London Gazette, and in three or more of the London Newfpapers,. of the Day of Payment.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c, 1. extended to fuch Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to bear Interef! not exceed-ing 3 Id. per Cent, per Diem,

And may be taken in Payment of the Revenue after Expiration of Four Months after their Date. Bank may advance on Credit*' of Aids, notwithflanding 5 iff 6 IV, iff AT. c, 7. or any fubfequent Aft Surplus of Grants for 1815 •------------------for 1816

----------- Confolidated	Fund

From Sale of Old Naval and Viftualling Stores Raifed by Exchequer

Bills under

c.5. c. 2. c. 16. c.8o. from •31

> ante.

Monies arifing Lotteries Raifed byftrilh Treafury Bills c. 81. _ (granted above, $VIII.)

(------------ —>	§	ix.)

'--------------,	$	X.)

-------—,	1.)

-----------,	XI.)

-----------,	f	II.)

Granted as above* and appropriated to Ufes hereinafter expreffed. See § XIII. &c.

Hosted by Google

A-D.i8i7.

57° GEO. III.

s£*7>645,422 1	2	For Naval Services		i ; that is 1 £. s. d.
216,600 0	0	For Wages of' 19,000 Men,	4	1 180
233>700 0	0	For Viduals,		2 10
245,100 0	0	For Wear and Tearof Ships,	r j	230
22,800 0	0	For Ordnance for Sea Service,	r>	0  0  ■—v	
1,142,838 n	4i	For Ordinary Eftablifhment of the Navy		
780,759 4		For Extraordinary Ditto		
142,500 0	0	For Tranfport Service, Sick and Wounded Seamen, and Prifoners of War		
252,700 0	0	For Wages of' 19,000 Men,	i 1  D	1  -I l8 O I
272,650 0	0	For Victuals,	<	2 I O 1
285,950 0	0	P’or Wear and Tearof Ships,	£ 1	2 30"
26,600 0	0	For Ordnance for Sea Ser-vice,	< 1	.0 4 0.
1,660,000 0	0	Towards paying off the Debt Tranfport Service.		
119,026 16	6	For Tranfport Service, Sick' and Wounded Seamen, and Prifoners of War - 1		
I>333>311 *3	3i	For Ordinary Eftablifhment f of the Navy		
610,885 15	4!	For Extraordinary Ditto		
300,000 0	0	For Provifions for Troops and )		

C. ] 32:

to fay,

51.9

For 6 Months,com-mencing ift Jan. 1817.

For 7 Months, from 17 th June 1817.

XIV.	9>4I2>373	H

1,237,600 o

438,000 o 4	131,600	o

16,700 o

For 7 Months, commencing 18th June 18 x 7.

Garrifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for ( t-,	.	~

Troops to be embarked on ^ °l e eai 1 l7* board of Ships and Tranf- | ports	-	-	J

o| For Land Forces and other Services; that is to fay,

o For Land Forces for G. B. and on Stations abroad,(excepting the Corps Rationed

in France^ and the Reg;i- ^ t\ Q >-	•

ments employed in the Ter-	.	jC%	11	0

ritorial Polfeflions of the	Une	1

E. /. Company)

O For Land Forces for Ireland j O Towards Charge of Corps, Scc. exifting on the Bri-tijh Eftablifhment to 25th Dec. 1816, but now difbanded, or propofed to be wholly or partially reduced in 1817, and alfo for Two Regiments propofed to be transferred to the Indian Eftablifhment in the courfe of the faid Year 18 O net Towards Charge of Corps, See. in Ireland, propofed to be reduced in the courfe of the Year 1817.

From

Hosted by

Googk

520

C. 132.

57° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1817.

37>5°°	0	0
15,800	0	0 net
20,500	0	0
8,300	0	0 net
393,200	0	0
82,700	0	0 net
*>237,371	5	6

For Volunteer Corps in G.B.'

----------------- Ireland

For In Penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital

From

- j> 25th Dec. 1816 to

24th June 1817,

From ^25th Dec, 1816 to 24th Dec. 1837.

For Out Penfioners of Chel- j fea Hofpital -	-	1

------------—- Kilmainham

Hofpital	-	-	J

To complete the Sum required" for Land Forces for G. B. and on Stations abroad,

(excepting the Corps Rationed in France, and the Regiments employed in the Territorial Poffeffions of the E. I. Company)

438,405 15	2	net To complete the Sum re-

quired for Land Forces in Ireland -	-

111,548 12	1	For	General and Staff Of-

ficers, and Officers of the Hofpitals ferving with the Forces in G. B. and on Foreign Stations, excepting France and India 35,266 19 11 net For Ditto in Ireland *53’775	6	7	For	Allowances to the Prin-

cipal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. B* their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingencies 8,828	7	3	net For Ditto in Ireland

15,000 o o	For Medicines and Surgical'

Materials for Land Forces on the Eftablifhment of G. Band of certain Hofpital Contingencies 11,446	3	1	net For Ditto in Ireland	-	j

37,500 o o To complete the Sum required^ forVolunteerCorpsin G.B.

15,865	9	7	net For Ditto in Ireland

17,824 1 5	For Four Troops of Dra-

goons, and Twelve Companies of Foot, Rationed in G. B. for recruiting the

Corps employed in the ,	Ul

JLerritoriai Poliellions or d n.. the E. I. Company 177,360	6	o	For	Pay of General Officers

in Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the ERabliihment in G.B.

3,684 12	4	net For Ditto in Ireland - J

> For the Year 3817-

From

24th Dec. 1817,

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. 132.

521

£. 27,045	3	4

7’°33

127,311

6

13

For the Year 1817.

5>224 7

597>43c

5°>492

29,106

2,520

I33,462

7

17

19

o

20,519 o 4

,341 13 11 net

For Garrifons at Home and-)

Abroad, on the Eftabliffi- | ment of G, B.	-	{

inetFor Garrifons in Ireland 4 For full Pay for retired Of-" ficers, and unattached Officers of Forces on the |	From

Eftabliffiment of G. B. 25th Dec. 1816 to 10 net For Full Pay for retired Of- 24th Dec. 1817, ficers of Forces on Ella- | blifhment of Ireland - J o For Half Pay to reduced Of-1 ficers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G. B.

6 net-------------------Ireland

6 For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G. B.

----- Ireland

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to the Officers of difbanded Foreign Corps,

Penfions to Wounded Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceafed Foreign Officers To complete the Sum required for In Penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital -—---------- Kilmainham	Hof-

11 net o

393,26°

82,708

80,770

*5 4

net

pital -

-----------Out	Penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital - Out Penfioners of

From

j> 25 th Dec. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817.

18,214

163,502

59,500 o

19,672	6	1

Kilmainham Hofpital 0 For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Ella-bliffiment of G. B.

o net *—--------------- Ireland

7 For Allowances on Compaf-fionate Lift to Officers for Wounds	-

o For Allowances to Reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G. B.

For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuate tion or retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to fe-veral Public Departments, in refped for their having

Hosted by Google

522

C. 132.

57° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1817*

5$94

35*°°°

i o net

held Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature ----------   Ireland

131,714 o o

To

16,747

83,038

500,649

194,566

20,000 O

I5I>439 19 11,076 18

For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Iftues for Army Services for the Britijlo Eftablifhment - j

o complete the Sum required for Corps, See. ex-ifting on the Brttijh Eftablifhment on 25th Dec. 1816, but now difbanded, or propofed to be wholly or partially reduced in 1817 ; and alfo for Two Regiments propofed to be transferred to the Indian Eftablifhment in the courfe of the fa id Year.

o net To complete the Sum required for Corps, Sec. in Ireland, propofed to be reduced in the courfe of the Year 1817. o For the Service of the Barrack")

Department in G. B. o For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, Coals, Candles,

Straw and Furniture, for the Troops in G. B. and }> For the Year 1817 for cafual Supplies of the Troops on Foreign Stations, and alfo for the Pay of the Commiflariat Department -ioJnetFor the Commiflariat Depart--^ ment in Ireland o net For Pay and Allowances of



Contingent I .	~

Y,o„Ly h'V>“

From

1816 to

207,832	7	0
124,522	17	5
1,400,000	0	0
100,000	0	0
1,000,000	0	0

Corps onPermanent Service I 2^ ec* 1 1 in Ireland	-J

91 net For Service of Barrack Department in Ireland for Three Months to 25th March 1817, calculating the Military Eftabliftiment at 4,3 £2 Cavalry and 24,287 Infantry, and for Nine Months to 24th Dec. 1817, calculating the Military Eftablifhment at 4,352 Cavalry, and 21,181 Infantry.

6 net For the External EftablifhO ment of Kdmainham Hof- > pital	-J

For the Difembodied Militia) of G. B. -	-	.	V

net------------------of	IrelandJ

For the Year ending 24th Dec. 1817.

For the Year 1817.

For Extraordinary Expencesl

of the Army for G. B.	> For theprefent Year,

for IrelandJ

To Field Marfhal the Duke of Wellington, and His Majefty’s Forces and thofe of His Majefty’s Allies ferving under His Grace’s Command at the Battle of Waterloo and the Capture of Paris, in fuch manner as His Majefty fhall dired, the Sum 15	of

Hosted by Google

A.D. IS17.

57’ GEO. III.

C. 132.

523

XVI.	g£. 1,030,603	15

XVII.

100.000	O o

248.000	o o

25,000 o o

25,081 o II

25,000 o o

105,000 o o

30,831	6

15,000 o ©

For the Land Forces Service in France



of Twenty five Millions of Francs, affigned to His Majefty from the Pecuniary Indemnity payable by France under the Treaty of the 25th Day of Nov. 1815, by the Protocol of the Minif-ters of the Allied Powers of the fame Date*

From j 25th Dec. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817. Towards the Office of Ord-l r v n nance for Land Service - j For the Year 1817-For the Office of Ordnance 1	From

for Land Service for Great > the I ft Jan. to the Britain -	-	-	-J	30th June 1817.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1815.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament for the Year 1816.

For Expences of Redu£fion"| in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain -For the Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on account of the Allowances to Superannuated, Retired and I	From

Half Pay Officers, to Of- > I ft Jan. to 30th fleers feconded, and to Of-	June	1817.

cers for good Services, to Superannuated and difabled Men, alfo for Penfions to Widows and Children of | deceafed Officers late belonging to the feveral Ord-. nance Military Corps For Allowance to Superannuated and Half Pav Officers, to Superannuated and Difabled Men, alfo for Penfions to wounded Officers late belonging to the feveral Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1816.

For Allowances, Compenfa-*' tions and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in refpedf of | their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows*

Penfions

Hosted by Google

524

C. 132.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

a£-7 2,000 O

7,000 o

L7 5°

348,959 19

63,186 15	3

25,000 o o

105,728

15,008

9 5

From ill to 30th June 1817.

For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland -For the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of J> the late Royal Irijh Artillery and of Royal Engineers, and of Penfions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the fame -For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Performs late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ire* land, in refpect of their having held any Public Of-ces or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows’

Pen lions In full for the Office of Ord-^ nance for Land Service for |

Great Britain	-	- j>	For the Year 1817,

In full for the Office of Ord- | nance for Ireland	-	-J

In full for Expences of Reduction in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain in the Year 1817.

In full for the Office of Ord-"1 nance for Great Britain on account of the Allowances to retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers feconded, and to Officers for good Services, to Superanuated and Difa-bled Men, alfo for Peniions to Widows and Children of | deceafed Officers late belonging to the feveral Ordnance Military Corps In full for Allowances, Com-penfations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Perfons late belonging to the Office of |

Ordnance in Great Britain, in refpe£t of their having held any Public Offices or ]

Employments of a Civil

}> For the Year 1817.

Hosted by GoOglC

A.D.1817-

C. 132.

525

57° geo. nr.

g£.7,000

>750

XVIII. i 1,000,000 O

XIX.

XX.

13,000,000

1,235,000

XXI. 3,080,000 o o

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV,

12,152,000

1,689,900

Civil Eftablifhments, viz.

Nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows’ Pen-lions -In full for the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of the late Iri/Jo Artillery and Engineers, and of Pen (ions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the fame -	-	-	I

In full for Allowances, Com-penfations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in refpeft of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows’ Penfions -	-	)

For difeharging Outftanding Exchequer Bills una der 56 G. 3. r.4.

Ditto--------<7.54,

(Irijh Currency) Treafury Bills iffued in Ireland under 53 G.3. c.61. and 56 G. 3. <7.41.

(Britijh Currency) Treafury Bills liTued for Ire-land purfuant to 56 G.3. c,41, 42, and 47^ Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1816, Ditto - under 55 G. 3. c. 196.

XXV.

15,814 0	0	Sierra Leone.
13,440 0	0	Nova Scotia.
12,815 0	0	Neva South Wales -
11,325 0	0	Upper Canada.
6,247 10	0	New Brunfwick,
5,485 0	0	Newfoundland,
3,826 0	0	Saint John (Prince Edward Ijland),
3>301 10	0	The Bahama I/lands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame.
2,550 0	0	Cape Breton,
600 0	0	Dominica.
200,000 0	0	For fuch Expences of a Civil Nature in Great Britain as do not form Part ol the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.
: ,900,000 0	0	For difeharging Intereft on Exchequer Bills.
330,000 0	0	Being the Hundredth Part of) the Sum of Thirty three J Millions of Exchequer Bills |

Hosted by Google

526

A.D. 1817.

C. 132.

^.41,229 8 4

28,155	4 9

34>4*5	5 5

75,300 o o

80.000	o o

57.000	o o

2,552 12	3

815	8	4

3.500	o o

3.250	o o

3.250	o o

8.500	o o

6,472 17 o

21,000 O O

8,197	6	8

57° GEO. III.

For the Year ending • the 1 ft Feb. 1818.

To be paid without any Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1817.

From the 25th Bee. 1816, to 24th Bee. 1817.

authorized in the laft Seflion of Parliament to be iflued and charged upon the Aids granted in the prefent Sef-fion, by Quarterly Payments to be placed to the Account of the Commif-fioners of the National Debt j For difeharging on the 5th of 1 April 1817 certain Annui-J ties granted by 37 & 42 G. 3. J For the Royal Military College

For the Royal Military Afy-lum at Chelfea

For the confining, maintaining"] and employing Convi&s at home -For Bills drawn, or which may be drawn, from New South Wales -For printing Adis of Parliament for the two Houfes of Parliament, for the She-riffs,Clerks of the Peace and }> For the Year 1S17. Chief Magiftrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the Adling Juftices throughout Great Britain; alfo for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the Houfe of Lords For printing 1,250 Copies of Vol. 49. of Journals of the Houfe of Peers.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1816, for printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 69. of Journals of the Houfe of Commons.

Expence that may be incurred in 1817 for printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 70. of Journals of the Houfe of Commons.

------------------Vol. 7 r.

------------------- Vol. 72.

Reprinting Journals and Re-J

ports of the Houfe of > For the Year 1817, Commons -	-	-	j

To makegood Deficiency of Grant for 1816 for reprinting Journals and Reports of the Houfe of Commons.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the Houfe of Commons, during the prefent Seflion.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1816 for printing Bills? Reports and other Papers, by

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

s£'2,$QO O O

4>895 6 o

13>5° o o o 3,000 o o

20,000 O O 4,000 o o

266

3 4

J,95;o o o

33l io o

620

o O

20,000 O O

2,695	18	IO
3,000	O	0
8,577	16	5
? 0,000	O	0
I 1,400	O	0

C. 132.	527

of Commons, during the

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

Order of the Houfe laft Seffion.

For printing the Votes for the Houfe of Commons during the prefent Sefiion of Parliament.

For Superintendance of AliO

ens according to 56 G. 3, > For the Year 1817.

r. 86.

For American Loyalifts'

For confining and main taining criminal Lunatics For Law Charges For extraordinary Expenees

for Profccutions, &c. re- j> For the Year 1817. lating to the Coin of this Kingdom For Superannuation Allow- ] f ance or Compenfation to one of the late Paymafters of Exchequer Bills For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of the Com-miffioners for auditing the public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed r ^ -in the Lottery Office - ? r* \

For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to , retired Officers formerly employed in His Majefty’s Mint -For further Execution of 43 G. 3. c. 80. towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland For Repair of Henry the 7th7s Chapel -For the National Vaccine Eftablifiiment For Management of the Bri~\ tijh Mufeum	-	-

For defraying of Works carry-ing on at the College of |

Edinburgh, for the Year

For Penitentiary Houfe, from 1	Pa^

the 24th June 1817, to the f , el.01 01 iei 6 24th	June 1818 -	-| d',£W

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

I

I For the Year 1817.

Hosted by Google

528

C. 132.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 18E

. 4c,coo

400 1o 5

300,000 o o

25,000

7,614

-i-y-

	8,951	O	6
	40,000	O	0
	20,000	0	0
	600	O	0
	2 3,000	O	0
	3000	O	0
XXVI.	246,508	H	21
	Irijlo Currency		net.
XXVII.	1,250	0	0
XXVIII. 21,514		0	0
	22,543	H	5

To. be without or other dudtion.

paid

Fee

De-

Towards building a Peniten- I tiary Houfe at Milbanh, I for the Year 1817	-	J

To make good Deficiency of Grant in the prefent Seffion for printing 1,750 Copies of the 70th Volume of Journals of the Houfe of Commons. For fuch Expences of a Civil Nature as do not form a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift. For inland Navigation from") f the Eaftern to the Weftern ' Sea, by Invernefr'?*md Fori William -To complete the original efti-mated Expence of the Works at Holyhead, Harbour, for the prefent Year For making a Landing Place \> <J at Port JDevargh, on the Hill of Holyhead, for the Landing of the Mails from the PacLetsby Boats, when the Wind does not enable them to reach the Harbour in time to land the Mail by the Coach -	-	-J

Supplemental Charge for Mifcellaneous Printing done by Order of the Houfe of Commons in the Seffion of 1816.

For extraordinary Expences 1 of the Mint in the Gold j-For the Year 1817 Coinage For improving fundry Por-' tions of the Holyhead Roads For paying off and difcharg-ing on the 10th of October 1817 certain Annuities granted by 3 7 & 42 Geo. 3.

For maintaining and repair-"] For the Year 1817. ing the Britifh Forts on [ “	‘

the Co aft of Africa - j For the Board of Agriculture J

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

outftanding and unprovided for on the 5th January 1817.

For the Remuneration of feveral Public Officers for their extraordinary Trouble, in the Year 1817.

Board of Works in Ireland For the Year 1817.

Printing, Stationery and other"

Difburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries, Of-ces and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dublin Ga file, and fgr Riding

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57“ GEO. III.

C. 132.

529

Irifh Currency

net.

25,000	0	0
2,500	0	0
9>297	0	0
4,111	0	0
2,112	0	0
L 017	5	10
740	0	0
I 1,000	0	0

14,000 o o

.sf. 10,500 o o

3,726	5	o

Charges and other Ex-pences of the Deputy Pur-fuivants and extra MefTen- r ^ 'tr g-ers attending the laid Of- !> F°r 0n,e fices ; alfo fuperantiuated i lnS 5l	18	n	.

Allowances in the faid Chief Secretary’s Office

Publifhing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers in Ireland	J

Printing 1,290 Copies of a compreffed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom fpr the Magiftrates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of ditto, bound for the Ufe of the Lords, Biffiops and Public Officers in Ireland.

Criminal Profecutions and" other Law Expences

Apprehending Public Offenders

For completing the Sum for the Support of Non Conforming Miniflers -	j

For Support of the fecedingl	From

Minifters from the Synod > 2March 1817 to of Uljler	-	J	25th March 1818.

For Salaries of the Lottery] For One Year end-Officers	J	ing24th June 1817.

For Pratique of the Port of f , From

Dublin -	-	j	25t w"- l8o5 t0

I. 5th Jan. 1817.

For Clothing Battle-axe] For 18 Months, Guaz'ds	5	from ill Dec. 1817.

For completing Works of the Harbour of Honvth, in addition to the Balance in the Hands of the Commiffioners, and of the Sale of the Machinery, Barges, Lighters, Railways, Tools and other Implements.

To carry on the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the Current Year.

f For the Year ending I 5th Jan. 1818.

From 5th Jan. 1817 to 5th Jan. 1818.

XXIX.

43,333 6 8	For Civil Contingencies

Sterling.

4,000 o onet.For the Board of Inland Navigation.

Irijh Currency net,

10,000 o o

ld7

d

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1818.

20,000 O O

57 Geo. III.

For building Churches and"

Glebe Houfes and purchaf-ing Glebes

To the Trufkees and Commiffioners of Fir ft Fruits, to be by them employed towards the building, rebuilding and enlarging of Churches and Chapels,

M m

Hosted by

Google

£30

a 132.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181?.

XXX.

Irtjh Currency net. 21,600 o o

12,000	0	0
3co	0	0
' 35°	0	0
35>225	0	0
39,701	0	0
7,920	0	0
8*399	0	0
2,985	0	0
3,000	0	0
9,010	0	0
	0	0
1,590	0	0
5,000	0	0
5°4	0	0
3,7x6	0	0
1 *3	0	0
9 J53	0	0

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1818.

the building of Glebe Houfes and procuring Glebes, in fuch manner as they fhall think fit.

For Truftees of the Linen and")

Hempen Manufactures, to ‘ be by them applied in fuch manner as (hall appear to them to be moil conducive to promote and encourage the faid Manufactures For Commifiioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin For an additional Allowance

to the Chairman of the Board > For the Year 1817. of Inland Navigation - j For the Royal Irifli Academy 1 For the Year ending in the City of Dublin j 5th Jan. 1818. For the Foundling Hofpital^) at Dublin -	-	I

" For the Houfe of Indullry j and Afylums for induftrious \

Children in Dublin	1

For the Richmond Lunatic |

Afylum at Dublin For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ Children at Dublin

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan Houfe in the Circular Road, Dublin For the IVeJlmorland Lock Hofpital in Dublin For the Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin

For DoClor Stevens’s Hofpital -For the Houfe of Recovery and Fever Hofpital in Cork Street, Dublin For the Hofpital for Incurables at Dublin For the Affociation for dif-countenancing Viceand promoting the Knowledge and PraCtice of the Chriftian Religion For the Green Coat Hofpital for the City of Cork -For defraying the Sums required in furtherance of federal ObjeCts of the Society

\

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1818.

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. 132.

531

Irijh Currency net*

o

O

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

XXXIV.

for promoting the Education of the Poor For the Dullin Society -For the Farming Society of Ireland For the Cork Inftitution For the Proteftant Charter Schools of Ireland For the Roman Catholic Seminary. -Supplies to be applied for the Purpofes aforefaid.

Rules for Application of Half Pay.

Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

Chaplains of Regiments although in Pofleffion of Ecelefiaf-

10,000

4,918

2,500

4r>539

9,673 o o

tical Benefices.

XXXV. Application of Overplus of Sum under 56 Geo. 3. c. 142. f

f [But in this Seftion the Title of the Aft 55 Geo. 3. c. 187 is recited injlead of the Title of 56 Geo. 3. c. 142.]

M m 2

Hosted by Google

532	a	i.	57°	GEO-III.	A.D.	1317-

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. — The Continuance offuch of thefollowing Afts as are Temporary will he known (where it Is not exprefsly fated) by refer-ring to the following Lif, according to the correfponding Letter at the End of the Title,

(a) For 21 Tears, <Ac, [i. e. to the End of the next SeJfion\ from a Day named in the Aft,

( h ) For 21 Tears, &c,from the pajjing of the Aft,

(r) For 21 Tears, &c, after the End of the Term under former Afts,

The following are all Public Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

44 And be it further enabled, That this A€t fhall be deemed “ and taken to be a Public A&, and fhall be judicially taken “ Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices and others, without 44 being fpecially pleaded,”

j 6 G. 3. c. xxi.

Cap. i.

An Add to extend the Limits of an A£t, made in the lad Seilion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain Parifhes in the Counties of

Middlefex and Efex,	[4	th	March	1817.]

4 \1[7^EREAS hy an	Parliament made in the Fifty

*	VV fixth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, intituled

*	An Aft for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of 4 Coals within the feveral Parijloes in the County of Middlefex lying 4 between the Parijh of Saint Luke Chelfea, and the Mouth of the 4 River Colne, near Staines ; and alfo between Limehoufe Hole and 1 the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackwall; and alfo within the 4 feveral Parifloes in the Counties- of Middlefex and EfTex adjoining to 4 both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branches thereof between the 4 River Thames and Edmonton, a Public Office was directed to be 4 provided or continued at or near Hammerfmith, in the faid County

4	of Middlefex, which fhould be deemed and taken to be the Principal 6 Land Coal Meter’s Office for the feveral Parifhes, Hamlets and c Places in the County of Middlefex lying upon and adjoining to the

5	North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parifh of c Saint Luke Chelfea, and the Mouth or Entrance of the faid River

4 Colne,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

CA.

533

4 Colne, near Staines ; and alfo between Limehoufe Holey and the 4 Mouth or Entrance of the faid River Lee, or Bow Creek ; and 4 alfo for the feveral Pariffies in the Counties of Middlefex and EJfex 4 lying upon or adjoining to the faid River Lee, or Bow Creek, and 4 of every Stream or Branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof 4 refpeftively, fituate between the faid River Thames and the faid 4 Pari(h of Edmonton; that is to fay, the federal Parifhes, Hamlets 4 and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammerfmith, Chifwick, Ealing,

4 Brentford, Harwell, IJleworth> Twickenham, Teddington, Hampton,

4 Sunbury, Shepperton, Laleham, Staines, Saint Anne Limehoufe (ex-4 cept fo much thereof as is fituate between Tower Dock and Lhne-4	Hole),	Poplar	and Blackwall, in the Parifh ol Stepney ; Saint

4 Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford-le^Bow, Saint John at 4 Hackney, and Tottenham, in the County of Middlefex ; and ^//

4 Saints, Wejl Ham and Leyton, in the County of EJfex ; and Three 4 Subordinate Offices were directed to be provided and continued at 4 the refpeflive Places following ; (that is to fay), One at Stratford-4 le-Bow m the County of EJfex, and One at Brentford, and another 4 at Stamford Hill, in the faid Countv of Middlefex ; and Abraham 4 Sanderfon of the Pariffi of Stepney, in the County of Middlefex,

4 Gentleman, was thereby nominated and appointed the Principal 4 Land Coal M ter for executing the Provifions of the faid Aft, and 4 the Manager of the feveral Offices thereby directed to be provided 4 for the time and in the manner therein mentioned, and certain Pro-4 vifions and Regulations were thereby made for preventing Frauds 4 in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the feveral 4 Pariffies and Places in the faid Aft mentioned : And Whereas it is 4 apprehended, that if the Provifions of the faid Aft were extended to 4 the feveral Pariffies of All Saints Edmonton, and Saint Andrew 4 Enfield, in the County of Middlefex ; Saint Margaret Barking,

4 Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy 4 Crofs, commonly called Waltham Abbey, in the County of EJfex /

4 and Saint Mary Chejhunt, in the County of Herts, they would 4 be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof refpeftively May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by The King's Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the paffitig of this Aft, the faid Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, direfied to be provided and continued by the faid recited Aft, ffiall be and be deemed and taken to be the Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, not only for the Places included within the Limits of the faid recited Aft, but alfo for the Pariffies and Places hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the faid Pariffies of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield, in the County of Middlefex ; the faid Pariffies of Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Law rend Waltham Holy Crofs, commonly called Waltha?n Abbey, in the County of EJfex ; and the faid Pariffi of Saint Mary Chejhunt, in the County of Herts ; and that the faid Abraham Sanderfon ffiall be the Principal Land Coal Meter for the fame Pariffies, as well as for the Pariffies and Places comprifed within the Limits of the faid recited Aff : Ifcovided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter's Offices

Mm3	already

The Principal and Subordinate Coal Meter’s Offices in the laid Ait to be tor certain other Parifhes herein mentioned.

Hosted by Google

534

C. i— iii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Piovifions of 36 G. 3. cxxi. extended to this A& for Parifhes herein mentioned.

Public A&.

already eftablifhed under the faid recited Aft, there {hall be an Office to be fituated in Edmonton or V/altham Abbey aforefaid, and another Office to be fituated in Barbing or Ilford aforefaid.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the paffing of-this Aft, all the Regulations, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty contained, lhall extend and be conftrued to extend to the faid Parifhes of All Saints Edmonton, Saint Andrew Enfeld, Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Crofs, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Chejhunt, and ffiall operate and be in force according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, as ■fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the faid Parilhes of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Crofs, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Che/hunt, had been originally comprifed within the Limits of the faid Land Coal Meter’s Offices appointed to be provided and ■continued by the faid Aft, or as if the fame Regulations, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft, and the Names of the faid Parilhes of All Saints Ed-montony Saint Andrew Enjieldy Saint Margaret Barbing, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Crofs, commonly called ■Waltham Abbey and Saint Mary Chejhunt, were always inferted therein, and in every Oath to be taken, and Ticket delivered in purfuance thereof, together with the Names of the Parifhes and Places in the faid Aft mentioned, when and as often as the fame Names fhall occur, and the Title of this Aft were inferted in addition to the Title of the faid recited Aft in all Forms appointed to be ufed by the faid Aft, in which the Title of the faid recited Aft is direfted to be inferted.

III. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap♦ ii.

An Aft for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleaniing the Streets, Lanes and Public Places within the Town and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucejler, and for preventing Nui-fances therein.	[37th	March	1817.]

17 G.3.C.90.

38 G. 3. c.5$. except as- repealed, continued for 21 Years, &c.

Cap. iii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelmjlone, and from Poyning’s Common to High Crofs, in the County of Sujfex ; and for repealing fo much of the faid Afts as relates to certain Parts of the faid Roads, (b)	[ 17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted.

One Half additional Toll on Sundays .J

Cap.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C'. iv—ix.

535

Cap. iv.

An A& for more effe&ually repairing the Roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyrs Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick. (£)

[17th March 1817.]

v.

An A& for repairing the Road from the Crofs Hands, on the Worcejler and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucejler, Warwick and Worcejler. (b)	[17th March 1817.3

Cap. vi.

An A£t for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral A&s of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and feveral other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. (c)

[17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trijlees.~]

Cap. vii.

An ACl for making better Provifion for the Support and Maintenance of the Re<5tor of the Pariffi of Saint Olave, in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Re<ftory or Parfonage Houfe for the faid ReSor.

[17th March 1817.] EProvifo for His Majejly’s Right as Patron.J

Cap. viii.

An A61 for further continuing, until the Firft Day of Augufl One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Sellion of Parliament, the Powers given by an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiffioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the Eajl India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effeft.

[17th March 1817.]

Cap. ix.

An ACt for providing a convenient Houfe, with fuitable Accommodations, for His Majefty’s Judges at the Affizes for the County of Northampton.	[29th	March 1817.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Lodgings in the Town of Northampton, in

*	VV which His Majefty’s Judges have heretofore refided during < their Attendance at the Affizes for the County of Northampton, c are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and fuitable Accom-4 modation to them during their Refidence in the faid Town : And

*	Whereas the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County affembled c at the Quarter Seffions holden at Northampton on the Seventeenth 6 Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and lixteen, having

*	duly confidered the Propriety of procuring a better Accommoda-

*	tion for the Judges, were of opinion that fuch Accommodation 6 ought to be procured ; and that there apjfears no Mode of pro-

M m 4>	‘	curing

27 G. a. c. 42.

16 G. 3. c. 81. 36 G. 3. c. 133,

25 G. 2. c. 49-5 G. 3. c. 86.

12 G. 3. c.77. fubjeft to Alterations, See. herein, continued foe 2i Years, Sec.

46 G. 3. c.cxxxiii. 50 G. 3. c. 203. 52 G.3. c. 188. 46 G. 3. e.133. further continued.

536

C. ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17-

Judices at Quarter Sedions en-aided to make Orders for providing Lodgings for the Judges.

Clerk of the Peace to be re munerated for his Trouble in executing this

a a.

Quart er Sedions may borrow Money on the Credit of the County Rates for Purpofes of A<5L

* curing fuitable Accommodation for them but the taking on Leafe 4 from time to time, or by purchafing, repairing or building of fome 4 Houfe for that Purpofe, and'for which the Expenditure of a con-4 iiderable Sum of Money will be neceflary But as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore pleafe Your Majelty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majeify, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That at the next General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden after the palling of this Adt at Northampton, in and for the faid County of Northampton, and afterwards at any fubfequent General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, it Hi all and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County then and there aflembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time fuch Order or Orders for taking on Leafe, purchafing, building, repairing, providing and fur-nifhing, in the Town of Northampton aforelaid, any proper Houfe, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Hereditaments whereon a Houfe may be built, with fuitable Offices and Accommodations for the Relidence of His Majefty’s Judges at the Affixes for the faid County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for tranfadling the Bulinefs ufuallv tranfadtea at the Lodgings of His Majefty’s Judges during the Aflizes, as to them the faid Juftices fo aflembled, or the major Part of them, fhall from time to time appear expedient or neceflary, and for paying, difcharging and defraying all the Expences, Coifs and Charges of and attending the taking, purchafing or renewing of any Leafe or Leafes, or the purchafing, eredting, building, repairing, providing and furnifhing of fuch Houfe, Piece or Pieces of Lands and Hereditaments, and of effedting and carrying into Execution the feveral Purpofes of this Adt, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates ; fubjedt to fuch Reftridtions arid Provifions as are hereinafter contained ; and that fuch Order or Orders for the purchafing or building of any Houfe for the permanent Accommodation of the faid Judges maybe made and carried into Execution at any time hereafter, notwithftanding any previous Order or Orders fhall be made for the taking or purchafing the Leafe of any Houfe or Houfea for their temporary Accommodation.

II.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices of the Peace aflembled at any General or Quarter Sefiions for the faid County, from time to time to order and diredt fuch Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Adt, or out of the County Rates, to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Northampton for the time being, or his Deputy, for afiifting in the Execution of this Adt, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in purfuance thereof, as fhall be thought reafonabie by the faid Juftices.

III.	And for the more eftedtually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Adt, be it further enadled. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices aflembled at any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace, or the major Part of fuch Juftices, to borrow and take up at legal or lower Intereft any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seven thoufand Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates to be made, raifed and aflefied upon and within

the

57* GEO. III.

C.ix.

537

the faid County, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or afiign over any fuch Rates to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance or lend fuch Money, or to his, her or their Truftee or Truftees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purpofes of this Ad, with Intereft as aforefaid ; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Afiignments fhall be made, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, fhall be, in proportion to the Sums in fuch Securities mentioned,

Creditors on the faid Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in refpedl of the Priority of advancing fuch Money, or the Dates of any fuch Mortgages or Afiignments ; and every fuch Mortgage or Afiignment fhall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purpofes thereby intended ; all which Mortgages or Afiignments fhall be in the Form or to the Effedl following ;

(that is to fay,)

: WS: A. B.f one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, and 4 Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sefiion of the Peace for 4 the County of Northampton, hoiden at Northampton the 4 Day of	, and C. D.> E. F,, G. H. and I. AT.,

4 Four other of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace adling for the 4 faid County, and aflembled in the faid Court, in purfuance of the 4 Powers to us given by an Adi pafled in the Fifty feventh Year of 4 the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled An 4 AEtfor providing a convenient Houfe, with fuitahle Accommodations,

4 for His Majejly’s Judges at the Affixes for the County of North**

4 ampton, do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the 4 Rates to be railed within the faid County under the Defcription 4 of County Rates, by the Laws now in being, with the Payment 4 of the Sum of	which	A. M. of

4 hath propofed and agreed to lend, and hath now adlually advanced 4 and paid for the Purpofes of the faid Adt ; and we do hereby con-4 firm and eftablifh the fame unto the faid A. AT., his Executors,

4 Adminiftrators and Afiigns, for fecuring the Repayment of the 4 faid Sum of	and	Intereft	for	the	fame	after	the

i Rate of	for	One	hundred Pounds for a Year ;

*	and do hereby order the Treafurer of the Weftern Divifion of the

*	faid County to pay the Intereft of the faid Sum of

‘ half yearly, as the fame fhall become due, until the Principal (hall ‘ be difcharged.*

IV.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Securities for refpedlive Perfons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money to be Money advanced for the Purpofes of this Adi, and their refpedlive trans^rib^» Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer fuch Securities to any Perfon or Perfons wbomfoever ; and Copies of all Mortgages and Afiignments which fhall be made in purfuance of this Adi, and Extradls or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, fhall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County ; which Extradls or Memorials fhall fpecify and contain the Dates,

Names of the Parties and the Sums of Money thereby fecured, to which Book any Perfon interefted fhall at all feafonable times have Accefs, and fhall have free Liberty to infpedl the fame without Fee or Reward ; and for the Entry of every fuch Transfer the faid Clerk of the Peace fhall be paid, by the Perfon to whom fuch

Transfer

Hosted by Google

C.ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

538

The Money to he expended rot to exceed 7,oooI.

Expeiices of the Aft.

Quarter Seffions enabled to pur-chafe Houles and Lands for the Purpofes of this A6t.

Bodies Politic, &c. enabled to

Ml

Transfer fhall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more ; and after fuch Entry made of any fuch Transfer, every fuch Transfer fo entered (hall entitle the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be made, and his, her and their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchafing, building, eredling, providing, fitting up and furnilhing fuch Houfe, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this A# dire&ed, (hall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Seven thoufand Pounds : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the faid Juftices fo affembled as aforefaid to raife any further Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the faid Sum of Seven thoufand Pounds, which fhall be found wanting to difeharge and pay all the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Adi, together with lawful Interefl for any Money which may be lent or advanced by any Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices 10 affembled as aforefaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to treat, contract and agree with the Owners of and Perfons in-terelled in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they fhall judge to be proper or neceffary for the Purpofes of this Adi, for the Purchafe or Letting thereof, and by and out of the faid public Stock and County Rates of the faid County to pay or caufe to be paid for the Purchafe of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or for a Fine on the granting or renewing the Leafe or Leafes thereof, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be agreed upon between fuch Owners and Perfons interefted as aforefaid and the faid Juftices, and alfo the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Agreement and Purchafe, or the granting or renewing of any fuch Leafe or Leafes as aforefaid ; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchafe or Leafe of any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Poffeffion of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments ; and the fame (hall be conveyed or leafed to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Northampton for the time being for the Purpofes of this A#.

VII.	And be it further ena#ed, That it fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Hulbands, Truftees or Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on behalf of their Cejlui que Trufts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed, poffeffed of or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who are or (hall be feized, poffeffed of or interefted in any of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contra# and agree with the faid Juftices,

or

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. ix.

539

or the major Part of them fo aflembled as aforefaid, for the Sale or Letting of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Intereft therein, or in any Part thereof, and to Convey or leafe the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofes of this A6t, and in fuch manner as they the faid Juftices, or the major Part of them fo aflembled as aforefaid, fhall direct, and as Occafion fhall require; and all Contracts, Sales, Leafes and All Contrafts to Conveyances which fhall be fo made, fhall be valid to all Intents and be valld* Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage or other matter to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding ; and all and every fuch Bodies Politic, Truftees, &c. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hufbands, indemnified, Truftees, Feoffees, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Perfons, fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue of this Adt.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Money fhall be Application of agreed to be paid for the Purchafe or Leafe of any Houfes, Build- Competition ings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed or leafed by when amounting virtue of the Powers of this A6t for the Purpofes thereof, which to or exceeding fhall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to 2,00 any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian,

Committee or other Truftee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cejlui que Truft, or to any Perfon or Perfons whofe Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in ftridt or other Settlement, or to any other Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity whatsoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of jEngland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Northampton, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Houfes, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the laid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affetfting any other Houfes, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes,

Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner, as the Houfes,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed or taken on Leafe as aforefaid ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in his

Name

Hosted by c^ooQle

C.ix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

Application where the Commentation is lefs than 200I. and exceeds 20I.

Application where the Money is lefs than 20I.

Refpe£ting difputed Title:,

Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the meantime, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fliall from time to time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled; That if any Money fo agreed to be paid for any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed or leafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedlive Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed ; or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County ; fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredlion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That when fuch Money fo agreed to be paid as laft before mentioned fhall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed or leafed for the Purpofes of this Adi, in fuch manner as the faid Juflices, or the major Part of them fo affembled as aforefaid, fhall think fit ; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit <>f fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedlively.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where any Queftion fhall a rife touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Adi, for the Purchafe of any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eflate, Right or Interefl in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank

Annuities

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

541

Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeffion of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeffion, until the contrary fhall be fhown to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTeffion was a wrongful PofTeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XII.	Provided always^ and be it further enadled, That where by The Court may reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or order reafonable Corporation entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements Expences of Pur-or Hereditaments to be purchafed or taken on Leafe under the Au- chafes to be paid thority of this A <51, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be re- e u ,ces* quired to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance thereof, it fhall

be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all fuch laft mentioned Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this A<51, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court fhall deem rea-fonable, together with the neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Juftices of the Peace out of the Money to be raifed by virtue of this A<5t, who fhall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That as foon as fuch Houfe, Clerk of the Buildings and Accommodations fhall have been provided and fur- Peace to give nifhed, and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Ma- Notice to the jefty’s Judges as aforefaid, it. fhall be lawful for the Clerk of the ^oufe'&cVv/ Peace for the County of Northampton for the time being, and he is completed.* hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff

of the County of Northampton for the time being ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Affizes, or to any Special Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the fame .

County, to enter upon and occupy the faid Houfe, Buildings and Offices fo to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Ma-jefty's Judges as aforefaid, and alfo the Furniture and Utenfils in the fame, in order that he may prepare and make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majefty's Judges as aforefaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the faid Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Houfehold Ufe appertaining to the faid Houfe and Premifes, and the faid Sheriff fhall be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the fame, all reafonable Damage or Lofs by Wear and Tear excepted ; and the faid High Sheriff, Under Sheriff and every Perfon or Perfons to be employed by them or either of them, is

Hosted by Google

542

C.k.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181

/•

Purchaf«s under this A6t to be vefted in the Clerk of the Peace.

Lands or Buildings not wanted may be refold.

and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Tenant or Tenants of the faid Premifes, and all other Perfon or Perfons then and there found therein, to remove and quit the fame for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforefaid, and in cafe of their not removing and quitting, taking to his and their Affiftance a Conftable or Peace Officer, to difplace and remove the Perfon or Perfons fo not removing or quitting, without being liable or fubjeft to any Aftion for Trefpafs, or any Indiftment for forcible Entry, or other wife, for fo doing.

XIV. And be it further enafted, That any Houfe, Buildings, Lands, Offices and Accommodations, and all Furniture therein fo to be provided as aforefaid, with their Appurtenances, fhall at all times from and after the fame fhall be purchafed or leafed, or erefted, built, finifhed, fitted up and furnifhed, be vefted, and the fame are hereby declared to be vefted, in the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Northampton for the time being, for the Purpofe6 of this Aft ; and it fhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, affembled at any General or Quarter Seffions, or the major Part of them, from time to time as they fhall think proper, to let any Houfe, Building, Land, Furniture and Premifes to be purchafed, leafed or provided under the Provifions of this Aft, to any Perfon or Perfons, from Year to Year, or for any fhorter Period, for the beft Rent that can be gotten for the fame ; neverthelefs referving the Premifes for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Judges during the Affizes or any Special Commiffion as aforefaid, and fubjeft to the Power hereinbefore given to enter upon the fame Eight Days previous thereto, and alfo referving full Powers for the Payment of the Rent and Recovery thereof; and the Rent to be received for the fame, or fo much thereof as may be requifite, fhall be annually expended and applied, by Order of the faid Juftices, in defraying any Expences which may be incurred in cleaning, airing or repairing the faid Houfe, Buildings, Furniture and Premifes ; and in cafe any Surplus (hall remain after fuch Expenditure, and after any other Payments by this Aft authorized to be made, the fame (hall be annually paid to the Treafurer of the Weftern Divifion of the faid County, and form Part of the public Stock or Fund of the faid County.

4 XV. And Whereas it may be neceffary for effefting the Pur-

*	pofes of this Aft to purchafe more Land or Buildings than it may

*	be abfolutely neceffary to retain for the Purpofe3 of this Aft ; or

*	it may be found expedient to furrender, fell or difpofe of any 1 Leafe or Leafes which may be taken or purchafed under the Pro-

*	vifions of this Aft ;* Be it therefore further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices fo affembled as aforefaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time to caufe any fuch fuperfluous Land or Buildings, or any fuch Leafe or Leafes, to be fold and difpofed of, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contraft, as they fhall find moft advantageous and convenient, and to order the fame to be conveyed, or any fuch Leafe or Leafes to be furrendered or affigned, by Indenture or Indentures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County for the time being, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be willing to contraft for and purchafe the fame, or to accept of fuch Surrender or Surrenders, or Alignment or Alignments and to

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.ix.

543

apply the Monies to arife by fuch Sale or Sales, or the Money, if any, to arife by fuch Surrender or Surrenders, or Affignment or Affignments, to and for the Purpofes of this Adc ; but the Pur-chafer or Purchafers fhall not be obliged to fee to the Application of fuch Purchafe Money, nor be accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treafurer of the Weftern Divifion of the faid County for the time being, for all fuch Purchafe Monies, fhall be a fufficient Difcharge and Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for his, her or their Purchafe Monies.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That during fuch time as any Allowance to Houfe, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Add, Sheriff for the fhall be ufed for the Accommodation of His Majefty’s Judges at

the Affizes, or at any Special Commiffion as aforefaid, all and every judgeJtobe paid Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the faid County over to the for the time being, out of His Majefty’s Exchequer, for fuch Lodg- Treafurer for ings and Accommodations, fhall be paid over by the faid Sheriff to tbe County, the Treafurer of the Weftern Divifion of the faid County for the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the public Stock of the faid County collected under the Rates for the fame County.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at How the Repairs all times whenever fuch Houfe, Buildings, Offices or Accommoda- are t0 be made* tions fhall require Alterations, or fhall become out of Repair, or

any Furniture thereto belonging fhall become unfit for the Ufe of the faid Judges, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Juftices fo affembled as aforefaid, or the major Part of them, fhall, as the fame may become neceffary, diredl the making of fuch Repairs and fup-plying of all matters, things and Furniture wanting from time to time, and the Difcharge of all Rent, Taxes and Demands upon the faid Houfe, Buildings and Hereditaments; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that fuch Sum or Sums as fhall be expended in the Repairs and Alterations, or Supply of fuch matters, things or Furniture as may from time to time become neceffary as aforefaid, if the Rent of the faid Premifes fhall not be fufficient for that Purpofe, to be defrayed by the Treafurer of the Weftern Divifion of the faid County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpofe; and the Treafurer of the faid Weftern Divifion of the faid County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money fo ordered by fuch Juftices, and fuch Order fhall be a fufficient Authority or Difcharge to the faid Treafurer for fuch Money ; and that it fhall be lawfulvfor the faid Juftices to appoint a proper Perfon, with a competent Salary and Allowance, to take care of the faid Houfe, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the faid Houfe ; and alfo it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices to order the faid Houfe, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be infured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, as well as any Rent payable for the faid Houfe, to be defrayed and paid out of the faid County Rates, in manner aforefaid, or out of any Rents which may be received for the faid Houfe and Premifes.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Clerk of the Peace .A&ions,&c. to for the time being for the laid County may fue and be fued for or in be brought in the

refpeft Name of the

Hosted by Google

541

C. ix.

570 GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Clerk of the Peace.

Limitation of Aftions.

Public A<ft.

33 g-3- c.181. as to the Road from the White Horle in Weft Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, repealed.

35 G'3- c. 153-con tinued for 21 Years, kc,

refpeft of any Claim, Contraft or other matter or thing made or done, or in any way ariling under the Authority of this Aft, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by or again ft the faid Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Aft (hall abate or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk of the Peace, or by any Aft of the faid Clerk of the Peace done without the Confent of the faid Juftices, but fuch Clerk of the Peace for the time being fhall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Aftion or Suit nominally, but the fame fhall be carried on and defended under the Direftion of the faid Juftices, or the major Part of them fo affembled as aforefaid, and the Damages (if any) fhall be levied, and alfo all Expences be by them defrayed in like Manner as the other Charges under this Aft ; and the faid Ploufe, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed by virtue of this Aft, fhall in any Indiftment or Indiftments be laid, alleged and defcribed to be the Property of the faid Clerk of the Peace for the time being, under the Style and Defcription of “ The Clerk- of the “ Peace for the County of Northampton Provided always, that in all and every Aftion or Aftions, Suit or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforefaid, no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reafon of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the public Stock of the faid County, or by reafon of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the public Rates of the faid County.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pur-fuance or by virtue of this Aft after Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, or Caufe of Aftion accrued for which fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be fo brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

XX.	And be it farther enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fnall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. x.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing and improving the Road from Wejl Houghton to Duxbury Stocks in the County of Lancajler. (Z>)

[29th March 1817.3

Cap. xi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcejler to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End> in the Parifli of Hardington9 in the County of Northampton. (b)	[29th	March	1817.3

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafi. New Tolls granted.

Additional Half Toll on Sundays*'}

st

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xii—xviii.

545

Cap. xii.

An A6t for making and maintaining a Turnpike R.oad from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parifh of Madetev> into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffhal to Shrewjbury, at or near a Place called Wailing Street, in the Parifh of Wellington-, alt in the County of Salop. (£)

[29th ^r/7 1817.]

T Additional Half Toll on Sundayr.] xiii.

An A61 for making and maintaining a T^urnpike Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the faid Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby, (b)	[29th	April	1817.]

Cap. xiv.

An A61 for lighting and watching Kentijb Town in the Parifh of . Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. [23d May 1817.3

Cap. xv.

An A61 to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon

33 G- 3- c. na.

Avon Canal Navigation to raife Money to difcharge their Debts, 35G-3 C*72-

and to -complete the faid Canal.

Cap.

[23d May 1817.]

39 G. 3. c. lx.

49 G. 3. c. xlii. 55 G. 3. c.xxxix.

An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral A6ls of the *7 G-3* c- lc>6* Seventeenth and Thirty feventh Years of His prefent Majefly, for 37 g-3-c- i6°* repairing the Road from Halifax to Sh field, in the Weft Riding ^ fo^con-6^ of the County of Tork, fo far as relate to the Road from Peniftone tinued for Refi-to Sheffield.	[[23d May 1817.J due of their re-

[New Trufees.']	fpefiive Terms,

and for 21 Years,

n L ••	See. afterwards.

Cap. xvil.

An A61 to continue and amend'an A 61 paffed in the Thirty fifth 35 G. 3.0.149. Year of His prefent Majefty for amending, widening, altering, repealed as to improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading "out of the XolUor Ro[d°m Turnpike Road between Aylejbury and Wendover, through Prince1 s frovn EHeS-Rijborougby to Wef Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham. (c) borough Church

[23d May 1817.] to Marfh and

[Royal Family, &c. exempted from Toll.! ^geahigMa-

terials for making and repairing Road, and the reft of the laid Act continued during Refidue of the

Term, and for 21 Years, &c. afterwards.

Cap. xviii.

An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral A6ls paffed a6G. 2. c. 67. for repairing and widening the Roads from the Eaft End of 19 G.3. c. 97. Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Wef mo r I and, by the 4iG-3-c-82. End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the faid County, (b) t1° re'1^’ *X)<?

[23d May 1817.] SdA^conb-

[[New Trufees. Former Tolls continued until 8th July 1817, and nuedduringRefi-then New Tolls. Additional Tolls on Sundays.!

57 Geo. III.	Nn	Cap

due of the Term, and for 21 Years fcc. .afterwards.

Hosted by

Google

546

C. xix—xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

55 G- 3- c.96.

12 G. 3. c.22. 34 G. 3. c.99. recited as expired.

54 O. 3. c. xxxii-repealed as to requiring Seven Truftees to be prefent at any Meeting.

Cap. xix.

An A61 to amend an A61 of the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a new f Church and Workhoufe in the Parifh of Bath wick, in the County of Somerfet.	[23d	May	1817.]

f [Saint Mary’s.’]

Cap. xx.

An ACt for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr, and for regulating VefTels reforting thereto. (a)	[23d	May	1817.]

[Provifo for His Majejly’s Ships, Csfc. and Tachts, iff c. of the Royal Family, and for 54 G. 3. c. 159.]

Cap. xxi.

An A& for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parifh of Sculcoates in the Eaft Riding of the County of York.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. xxii.

An A6t for amending an A& of His prefent Majefty, for rebuilding Newton Chapel f, in the County Palatine of Lancafler.

[23d May 1817.]

f \_All Saints’ Chapel.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Aft for better lighting the Streets and Houfes of the Metropolis with Gas.	[23d May 1817.]

( W/^^REAS feveral Streets and Houfes in the City of London c V V are now lighted to the Satisfaftion and Advantage of the In-£ habitants thereof, and the Benefit of the Public, with inflammable £ Air or Gas, produced from Coal, and conveyed by Means of Pipes : c And Whereas certain Perfons who have carried on Bufmefs under £ the Firm of ‘ The City of London Gas Light and Coke Partner-£ fhip,’ have expended confiderable Sums of Money in eredling e Works and laying down Pipes in the City of London, and have c entered into Contra&s with the Commifiioners of Sewer6, Lamps c and Pavements of the faid City of London, and feveral other Per-{ fons, for lighting feveral Streets and public Places, and alfo feveral £ private Houfes, with Inflammable Air or Gas : And Whereas the

*	Perfons carrying on the faid Bufinefs are not able to raife fufficient

*	Money among themfelves for completing the Works necefiary for ‘ fupplying with fuch inflammable Air or Gas the Streets and Places c which they have contracted or agreed to light as aforefaid : And c Whereas fome of the faid Perfons are willing to relinquifh their £ Shares in the faid Undertaking to the others of them, and the c feveral other Perfons hereinafter named, who 'are defirous at their c own Colts and Charges to complete and extend the faid Works ; c but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority e of ParliamentMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

547

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Frederick Sparrow, James Ijynn, Charles Cofield, William Pitcher, Harbut Ward, William Pocknelly James Smethurfl, Charles Hutchins, Timothy Stansfeld, James Sidney, Samuel Fijloy Timothy Tyrrell, Richard Fordy John Blackety Thomas Hadland, Henry Sparrow, Anthony Weather head, James Blackety William Kimpton, William Fortefcue, and all and every fuch other Perfon or Perfons as lhall from time to time become Proprietors of the Company hereby eftablilhed as hereinafter is mentioned, their refpeftive Succeflors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, fhall be and are hereby united into a Company for fupplying the Cities of London and Wejlminjlery and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precinfts thereof refpeftively, with inflammable Air or Gas, and making and maintaining the Works neceflary for that Purpofe, under the Regulations hereinafter contained, and fhall be one Body Corporate, by the Name of ‘ The City * of London Gas Light and Coke Company/ and by that Name fhall from and after the palling of this Aft be and continue for and during and unto the full End and Term of Forty fix Years, and have a Common Seal, and fhall and may fue and be fued ; and that from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to make inflammable Air or Gas, and alfo Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and any other Products to be obtained from the Manufacture of fuch Air or Gas, and to fell and difpofe of the fame refpeftively in fuch manner as they fhall think proper.

II.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to contract with the Commillioners of Sewers of the City of London, and any other Commillioners, Truftees, Perfons or Bodies, having the Control, Direction or Management of the lighting of any of the Parifhes, or Extra Parochial Places, in the faid Cities of London and Weft-minjlery and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and PrecinCts thereof refpeftively, or any of them refpeCtively or adjacent thereto, or any Perfons, Bodies Politic. Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, willing to contraft with the faid Company for the lighting of any fuch Parifhes or Places, or any Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes or Paflages, or Manufactories, Shops, Warehoufes or private Houfes, or Places of public Exhibition within the faid Farilhes, or Extra Parochial Places refpeftively.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if any Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, or otherwife, the Care, Superintendence and Control of lighting the fame public Streets or Roads, Ways, Lanes and Paflages aforefaid, or any Part thereof, are or fhall be veiled, fhall think it lit and convenient to contraft with the faid Company to light the faid public Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes, Paflages or Places, or any Part of them, by means of fuch inflammable Air or Gas as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Company and their Succeflors, with the Approbation and under the Direftion of fuch Commillioners or Trnftees, or other Perfons or Bodies, and under the Infpeftion of their Surveyor, to break up the Soil and Pavement of any fuch Streets, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Paflages and Places, and dig and fink Trenches,

N 11 2	and

Company incorporated.

Power to the Company to con. traft for lighting Streets and Houfe?-,

Power to Company, under Direction of Commiflioners, &c. of Pavements, to break up the Pavement for laying Pipes, &c.

Hosted by Google

5-'13

C. xxiii.

57°GEO. III.

A.D.181

Power to Ccm-mii?ionc-rs, &c. to determine Contradis.

1'cnvct to Company to light up I loufes,&e.

and lay Pipes, and put Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches from fuch Pipes, in fuch Places as aforefaid, in fuch manner as fhall be neceffary, for the Purpofe of fupplying any fuch Light as aforefaid, and from time to time with fuch Approbation, and under fuch Direction and XnfpeCtion as aforefaid, to alter the Polition of, and to repair, relay, and maintain fuch Stop Cocks, Syphons and Plugs, and to do all fuch other ACts, matters and things as the faid Company and their SuccefTors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid fhall, with fuch Approbation, and under fuch Direction and InfpeCtion as aforefaid, from time to time think neceiTary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving and ufing the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if the faid Company fhall not duly perform any Contract with any fuch Commiflioners or Truftees as aforefaid, for lighting any Parifh or Place, or Part of any Parifh or Place, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Commiflioners orTruftees to determine fuch Contract refpeCtively, giving Six Calendar Montis Notice thereof, and then and in fuch cafe, and alfo at the Expiration of any fuch Contract, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners or Truftees either to purchafe the Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes and other Materials belonging to the faid Company, and employed in lighting fuch Parifh or Place, at fuch Price as fhall be agreed upon between the faid Commiflioners or Truftees and the faid Company, or in cafe the faid Commiflioners or Truftees fhall decline fo to purchafe, then it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to remove fuch Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Materials at the Expiration of fuch Contract or Determination thereof by fuch Notice; and in the meantime for fuch Commiflioners or Truftees to lay fuch Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Articles as fhall be neceffary for the Supply of fuch Parifh or Place, or Part of a Parifh or Place, at the Expiration or fooner Determination of fuch Contract.

V.	And be it further enabled,- That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in fuch cafes as to them ftiall feem meet and convenient, to carry, lit up and furnifh any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches or other neceffary Apparatus, from any Main Pipe laid in any Street, Way, Road, Lane, Paflage or Place by the faid Company, by virtue of this ACt, in, to or through any Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame, or any public or private Lamp from any fuch Main, with the Confent of the Owner or Occupier of fuch Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, but not other-wife : Provided always, that the faid Company in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted in refpeCt of fitting up any fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, fhall employ or appoint fuch Manufacturers of or Dealers of the Materials to be ufed as to the faid Company fhall feem meet and proper ; and fuch Manufacturers or Dealers fhall execute the fame, under and fubjeCt to the Superintendance, Control and Direction of the faid Company : Provided alfo, that the faid Company fhall not on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever employ or fet to work in fitting up any fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant, or any other Perfon in the Pay or Employ of the faid Company ; nor fhall the faid

Company

Hosted by Google

AJD.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

549

Company themfelves manufa&lire, fell or vend any of the Materials requifite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor dire&ly or indirectly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from fuch Works, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Cods of Suit, to the Party who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered by ACtion of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weji-minjler, in which no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the faid Com- Power.to Company /hall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main requifite for pan)r to lay the.Supply of any Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manufactories, Ware- ^Ia,ns and houfes, public or private Buildings, in the faid Cities of London and ^uifite^cr1^^ Wejlminjler, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and recuiing a com-Precin&s thereof refpeCtively, or any of them refpeCtively, or adjacent petent Supply thereto, and to ereCt and fet up, by themfelves, or their Agents, of Gas toDwel-Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus neccffary lm? H°ules» fvc* or requifite for fecuring to fuch Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manu- ^mend imperfect factories, Warehoufes, public or Private Buildings, a proper and com- Work, petent Supply of Gas, or for meafuring and afeertaining the Extent of

fuch Supply ; and alfo to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which fhall have been placed in fuch Dwelling Houfes,-Manufactories,

Warehoufes, public or private Buildings, any thing in this ACt to

the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing : Provided always, Company not to

that nothing in this ACt contained fhall extend or be conftrued to break up Pave-

extend to permit or authorize or empower the faid Company, or any

Officer or Perfon appointed or employed by the faid Company, or CommiiTioners

any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, at any time or times here- orTruttees in

after, to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Writing,

Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatfoever or

whereloever, in order to lay down any. Main Pipe or Pipes to convey

Gas, without the Confent of the Cotnmiffioners, Truftees or other

Perfons baving the Superintendance or Control or Property of or in

fuch Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any fuch Streets,

Roads, or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from

time to time, in Writing firft obtained; but that nothing in this ProvifoforCom--

Claufe contained fhall be deemed or conftrued to extend to prevent pany repairing

the faid Company from repairing fuch Main Pipes, after fuch Confent	PlPes<

obtained as aforefaid, or from breaking or taking up or removing

any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Streets, Roads

or public Places whatfoever, for the Purpofe of laying down or

repairing any Service Pipe or Pipes leading from fuch Main Pipes,

after fuch Confent fo obtained as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall not be lawful to or Reftrf&ions re-for the Hid Company, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by or under fpe&ing breaking their Authority, after fuch Confent fhall have been given as aforefaid, UP lavements, to break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any Streets, Roads, Lanes or public Places,

for the Purpofe of making or laying down or repairing any Main

or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Pofition

of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other

Works, or for any other Purpofe, unlefs Notice in Writing of their Notice of breal

Intention to break or take up fuch Pavement or Ground, figned by ing up,

the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Infpeclor or Surveyor to the

N n 3	laid.

Hosted by Google

550

C, xxiih

57° GEO.I1L

A.D.1817.

faid Company, fpecifying the Street, Road, Lane or public Place, and the particular Part of fuch Street, Road, Lane or public Place, in which fuch Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, fhall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements or Roads for the time being (duly appointed and notified in pur-fuance of any Adi of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpofe) of the Parochial or other Diilridl or Place wherein fuch Street, Road, Lane or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is fo intended to be broken or taken up fhall be fituate, or fhall have been left for him at his Dwelling Houfe or Office within fuch Parochial or other Diflridl or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the leafl before fuch Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof fhall be fo broken or taken up, except in all cafes of fudden Emergency, in which fuch Notice as aforefaid fhall be given to fuch Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as foon as poffible after fuch Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof fhall be broken or taken up ; and that the faid Company fhall not break or take up or diflurb, or caufe to be broken or taken up or diflurbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road, Lane or public Place within the Limits aforefaid, for the Purpofe of laying down any Mains or Provifo for laying pipes, except Service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch p|Ue? 1 ervice jn the Bore, without the Confent in Writing of the Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of' the Pavements or Roads, Ground or Soil, in any Parochial or other Diftridt or Place, fignified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Breaking up	or other proper Officer or Officers, firfl obtained ; and that if the

mat Notice	fajd Company or any Perfon or Perfons adting by or under their

Authority, fhall break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of fuch Pavement or Ground without fuch Notice being given or left as aforefaid (except as aforefaid), or fhall break or take up or diflurb, or caufe to be broken, taken up or dillurbed, any of fuch Pavement or Ground, for the Purpofe of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except Service Pipes as aforefaid), without fuch Confent as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Company fhall forfeit and pay to the Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements or Roads within the Parochial or other Diflridt or Place in which fuch Pavement or Ground fo broken or taken up or diflurbed fhall be fituate, or to their Treafurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to fuch other Perfon as they may appoint, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement or Ground which fhall be fo broken or taken up without fuch Notice orConfent as aforefaid, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, by Adlion of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no EfToign, Protedlion, Wager of Law or more than One One Penalty,&c. Imparlance fhall be allowed: Provided always, that the faid Corn-only for One pany fhall not be fubjedt or liable to the Payment of more than One Offence.	Penalty,	or	to more than One Adtion, Suit or other Proceeding in

refpedl of any One Offence committed, whether by virtue of this Adi or any other Adt or Adis of Parliament now or hereafter in force, any Law, Statute, TJfage or Cuflom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

Requiring Com- VIII. And be it further enadled, That whenever and io often pany to reinflate as the faid Company fhall have lawfully broken up or removed the

14	Stones,

or Confent,

Penalty.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

551

Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Street, Road, High- Pavements, &c.

way. Lane or public Place, or any Part thereof, the faid Company

ffiall and they are hereby required immediately thereafter to reinftate- ^own>

and make good fuch Ground, Soil or Pavement, in as good found

State and Condition as the fame was or were in at the time of being

fo broken up, to the Satisfa&ion of the Surveyor of the Commif-

fioners or Truftees of fuch Pavement, Soil or Ground refpedlively ;

and the faid Company (hall carry away all furplus Earth, Filth

and Rubbifh occafioned thereby at their own Colls and Charges;

and that during the Works of the faid Company, and reinflating Company to

fuch Qround, Soil or Pavement as aforefaid, the faid Company fhall guard the Works,

provide proper Watchmen with necelTary Lamps, and other wife

fecure and guard the faid Works, fo as to prevent any Damage or

Inconvenience happening to PalTengers, Cattle or Carriages ; and and in cafe of

in cafe the faid Company fhall negledt and make Default in making Neglett,

good and reinflating fuch Ground, Soil or Pavement as aforefaid^

within Twenty four Hours next after Notice given to or left for the

faid Company at their Houfe or Office, it fhall be lawful for the Proceedings.

faid Commiffioners or Truftees to reinftate and make good fuch

Ground, Soil or Pavement, and the Charges and Expences thereof

fhall be reimburfed and repaid by the faid Company or their Trea-

furer to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or their refpedtive Trea-

furer ; and in Default of Payment thereof within Seven Days next

after Demand thereof in Writing fhall have been made by the Clerk

of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, Proof of fuch Demand being

made by the Oath of One credible Witnefs before One or more Juf-

lice or Juftices of the Peace, all fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo

paid by them fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the faid Company, together with

the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal or Hands and Seals of any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the

Peace as aforefaid, and which Warrant fuch Juftic6 or Juftices is

and are hereby empowered to grant, and fuch Sum or Sums of

Money fhall be paid to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or their

Treafurer.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if it fhall at any time or Company to times be deemed neceffary or expedient by the Commiffioners of alter, &c. Pipes Sewers of the City of London or Wejiminjler, or the Commiffioners on RequiGtiono or Truftees for paving or repairing the faid Streets, Roads, Ways, C°mrniffioners‘ Lanes and PafTages refpedlivelv, to require the faid Company to raife, fink or otherwife alter the Situation of any of the Pipes,

Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, which fhall be laid down for the Purpofes aforefaid, the faid Company fhall at their: own Expence, within Three Calendar Months next after being required fo to do, by Notice in Writing to them given by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees refpeeftively, figned by their Clerk, raife, fink or alter fuch Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, according to fuch Notice, in fuch Manner and in fuch Place or Places as the faid Commif-fioners or Truftees refpedlively fhall think right and proper ; and in Default thereof it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or their Surveyor, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to caufe fuch Pipes, Cocks,

Plugs or Branches to be raifed, funk or altered, and that the rea-fonable Cofts and Charges for doing the fame fhall immediately

Nil f	there-

Hosted by Google

552

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A. D. 1817.

If the Cofts not paid as herein mentioned,

Proceedings.

In what cafe Damage to be made good by Commiffioners.

Company to light Parilhes on Ap-jdication, blit not beyond the Extent, of their Capita],

Term of Contract.

Contracts with Pariflies void if the Price for Gas be greater than Oil.

thereafter be paid by the faid Company : Provided neverthelefs, that if fuch reafonable Cofts and Charges be not paid within One Calendar Month next after Demand (hall be made by fuch Surveyor or other Perfon acting by or under the Authority of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees at the Office of the faid Company, Proof of fuch Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before One or more Juilice or Juftices of the Peace, all fuch reafonable Coils and Charges ffiall and may be levied and recovered by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the faid Company, together with the Charges of fuch Diilrefs and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any fuch Juilice or Juflices of the Peace as aforefaid ; and which Warrant fuch Juf-tice or Juilices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and fuch Coils and Charges ffiall be paid to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or their Treafurer.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted,,That if by the railing, finking or altering any of the faid Pipes, Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches, any Damage or Injury ffiall be wilfully or negligently done to the fame by the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or their Servants, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Damage or Injury ffiall be made good as foon as Circumftances permit, and the Coils, Charges and Expences thereof, ffiall be paid by the faid Commif-^ boners or Truftees.	^

XL Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the faid Company iliall upon due and reafonable Application made to them for that Purpofe on the behalf of any Parifli or Pariffies, 6r Parts of any Pariffi or Pariffies, or Extra Parochial Place or Places within the Cities of London and Wejhninfter aforefaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the fame Cities, undertake to furniffi, and fhall furniffi fuch Pariffi or Pariffies, or fuch Parts of any Pariffi or Pariffies r'efpedlively with a fufficient Supply of inflammable Air for the Purpofes of lighting the faid Pariffi or Pariffies, or Part or Parts thereof with a ftronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than fuch Pariffi or Pariffies, or Part or Parts of Pariffies could be fupplied with if lighted in the ufual manner during the Exiftence of the Contrail which they may enter into with the faid Company : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained ffiall extend to compel or require the faid Company to expend any greater Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes mentioned in this A£t than the Members of the laid Company ffiall have raifed under the Powers granted by this A61 for the Purpofes of the laid Undertaking, nor to contract with any fuch Pariffi or Pariffies, or Place or Places, for a lefs Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the faid Company.

XII. And be it further ena6ted, That every Contract or Agreement entered into by any Parifli or Pariffies, or Parts of Pariffies, with the faid Company, ffiall contain a Claufe providing that the faid Contract fhall be null and void if at any time the Price charged for inflammable Air ufed in lighting the Pariffi ffiall be greater than what at the time fuch Parifli may be lighted for in the ufual manner with Oil, fora Period not lefs than Twelve Months, by any Contra&or offering due Security for the Performance of his Contract.

XIII. Pro-

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

553

XIII.	Provided always, and be it farther enadled, That the laid Company (hall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means, contradf to fupply, or fliall be permitted to fupply with fuch-inflammable Air as aforefaid, for the Purpofes aforefaid, any Parifli or Parifhes, or any Part or Parts of Parifhes that fliall not lie cr be fltuate within the Cities of London or Wejhnlnjler, or one of them, or the Borough of South™ark, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Precindts of the faid Cities or Borough refpedtively or adjacent thereto.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Company fhall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contract to fell and furnifh, or fhall fell or furnifh any Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Defcription whatever, for the Purpofe of conveying or whereby fuch inflammable Air as aforefaid, or any Quantity thereof, may be conveyed into any Dwelling Houfe or Houles, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame,

XV.	And be it further enadted, That the Committee of Management of the faid Company fhall and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the faid Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to tranfmit to the faid Secretary of State, a Report in Writing iigned by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or One of the Members of the faid Committee of Management, of the State of the faid Company, and of their Works and the Means poffefled by the faid Company for fecuring the Continuance of their Operations, and fuch other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the faid Company, as the faid Secretary of State fhall from time to time require.

Powers of fupply ing; inflammable Air limited to London, Weft min ft er, Southwark, &e.

Company not to traffic in Machinery for conveying Gas to privai.e Houles.

Report; of Works, &c. to be lent, to the Secretary of State for the Home Department Half Yearly, or when required.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That all the Stations and Works Stations and

of the faid Company fhall be open at all convenient times for the Works to be Infpedlion and Examination of fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid open at all times Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being Qf	^*10U

fhall appoint from time to time for that Purpofe ; and the faid Com- p0inted by the pany fhall, and they are hereby required to conform to fuch Regula- Secretary of tions and Proceedings in the feveral Parts of their Works and Oper- State, ations, as well in relpedt of thofe already eredted or executed as of

fuch as fliall hereafter be eredted and executed, as the faid Secretary of State fhall confider neceflary and proper and fhall diredl to be adopted for the better and more effedlually lighting the feveral Parts of the Metropolis, and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precindts thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the faid Company fhall lie, and for more effectually fecuring a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for aflifting and advancing the benefits to be derived from an adtive and efficient Police, and for fuch other Purpofes as to the faid Secretary of State fliall feem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, That Laying Pipes of no Perfon fliall lay or caul'e to be laid any Pipe to communicate Communication with any Pipe belonging to the faid Company, on Pain of forfeiting Wlt^ Pipes of the the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and alfo the further Sum of Twenty pe\™ai*ny> Shillings a Day for every Day fuch Pipe fliall fo remain ; to be

recovered by Dill refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels

Hosted by ^ooQle

554

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Damaging, &c. Pipes, &c.

Penalty.

Power to the Company to pur-chafe Lands, &c.

Amount of Annual Value.

tels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, Towu, Place, Divifion or Diftritt where the faid Offence fhall be committed, and which Warrant fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant ; and the Surplus, after fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are deduced, fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or fuch Forfeiture fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the faid County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftri£t, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for fuch time as fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall diredt, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Forfeiture and all reafonable Charges be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon fhall wilfully and malicioufly remove, take away, deftroy, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Poft, Plug, Lamp or other Apparatus, matter or thing a&ually in ufe during the Exiftence of any Contract with any Parifh or Parifhes for the Purpofe of fulfilling fuch Contradf, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly wafte or improperly ufe any of the inflammable Air or Gas fupplied by the faid Company, every Perfon fo offending in any of the refpedlive Premifes, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before One or more Juftice or Juftices for the County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftridf, where the faid Offences fhall be committed, fhall forfeit and pay to the aforefaid Company and their Succeffors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, Three times the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to be done, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice or Juftices ; fuch Penalty, together with reafonable Cofts, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) ; or fuch Offender fhall and may be committed to the Common Gaol of the faid County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftrhft, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be committed.

XIX. And be it further enadled, That from and after the palling of this A (ft it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to purchafe and hold to them and their Succeffors, the Buildings, Ground, Works and Eftates belonging to the faid City of London Gas Light and Coke Partnerfhip, of and from the Perfons entitled thereto, and alfo from time to time to purchafe and hold to them and their Succeffors and Afligns any Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fituate in the faid Cities of London and Wejlminjier and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precin&s thereof refpectively, or any of them refpe<ftively, or adjacent thereto, (the Annual Value of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain,) and alfo to fell and difpofe of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any of them, as they fhall think proper, and purchafe and hold other Houfes,

Mef-

Hosted by Google

A.D,1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.xxiii.

555

Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (not exceeding the Annual Value aforefaid,) without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

XX.	And be it further'enadled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company to raife and contribute among themfelves a Sum of Money, by way of Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and ufed in eftablifhing and carrying on the Undertaking and the Purpofes aforefaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thou-fand Pounds, to be fubfcribed in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That the faid Company ihall not be authorized to exercife any of the Powers granted under this Adi, until fuch time as the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds fhall have been fubfcribed.

XXII.	And be it further enadled, That in order to provide a fufftcient Sum of Money for anfwering the Purpofes of this Adi, the faid Company fhall be obliged to raife among themfelves, by Subfcription, the full Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds within the Period of Five Years from the palling of this Adi.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Perfons and Perfon, by or for whom any Subfcription fhall be made or accepted, or any* Payment made purfuantto the Orders of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held as hereinafter is mentioned, for or towards the railing the faid Capital Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds as aforefaid, his, her or their Executors, Adminiflrators and Alligns refpedlively, fhall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the faid Capital Joint Stock of the faid Company, in proportion to the Monies to which he, (he or they fhall have fo contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the faid Company, and fhall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the fame.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That the feveral Members of the faid Company fhall refpedlively Hand refpon-iible and anfwerable for all juft Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the faid Company, to the full Amount of their feveral and re-fpedlive Shares in the Capital of the faid Joint Stock, but fhall not be any further or otherwife liable, either perfonally or in their feveral and refpedlive Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effedls, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contradls or Agreements entered into by the faid Company, or be fubjedl or liable, by reafon of his or their being Members of the faid Company, or of any Adis of the faid Company, to the Statutes refpedling Bankrupts, or any of them.

XXV.	And be it further enadled. That the faid Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds fhall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds Sterling each, and that no Perfon or Perfons fhall be a Subfcriber or Subfcribers for a lefs Sum than One hundred Pounds Sterling ; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and undertaking of the faid Company, and in the Net Profits and Advantages thereof, fhall be deemed Perfonal Eftate, and not of the Nature of Real Eftate, and fhall be tranfmiffible accordingly.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Company fhall not borrow or take up by Way of Loan any Sum or Sums of Money

whatfoever,

Capital of Company not to exceed 200,000).

Company not to a <51 until ioojoooi. fub-icribed.

Capital to be railed within Five Years.

Subfcribers to fhare in the Joint Stock in proportioiuto their Subfcription.

Subfcribers liable to the Debts of the Company in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Stock divided into Shares of took each, and to be Perfonal Eftate.-

How far Company may borrow Money.

Hosted by Google

55S

Officers of the Company.

No Member to he a Dealer in Articles manufactured , &c. by the Company, or hold an Office of Profit.

Perlbns interell-ed in working, &r.. for the Company, not eligible on the Committee.

Regulations of the Company as to General Meetings.

C.xxiii.	5/°	GEO*	III.	A.D.	1817*

wbatfoever, other than by a Subfcription for Shares in manner and to the Extent hereinbefore diredted.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted, That there fhall be eledted from time to time, as hereinafter is mentioned, from among the Members of the faid Company who fhall have fubferibed for or be poffeffed of at leaft Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the faid Company, Five Perfons, who fhall and are hereby declared to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the faid Company, and One of fuch Committee fhall afterwards be ele&ed the Chairman of the laid Company, and another of them the Deputy Chairman of the faid Company ; and that no Perfon who fhall not be pofTeffed of Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the faid Company at the time of the palling of this Adt, fhall be eligible to be One of fuch Committee until he fhall have continued pofTeffed of Fifteen fuch Shares for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and that no Perfon who fhall be a Member of the faid Committee fhall be a Dealer, either diredlly or indirectly, in any of the Articles manufactured and fold or fupplied by the faid Company, or fhall hold any other Office or Place of Profit under the faid Company.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon being a Member of the faid Committee fhall diredlly or in-diredlly be interefted or concerned in doing any Work for or on the behalf of the laid Company, or fupplying any Materials, Articles or Things to or for the Ufe of the faid Company, every fuch Perfon fhall immediately ceal'e to be a Member of the faid Committee., and fhall never afterwards be reeligible ; and every fuch Perfon fhall alfo, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majeffy’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which ACtion or Suit refpeCtively no Protection, Effoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the faid Company fhall be conducted, and managed under and fub-je& to the feveral Rules, Regulations and Reftriclions hereinafter contained ; (that is to fay,) the Members of the faid-Company fhall affemble together at Eleven o’Clock in the Forenoon on the Seventh Day next after the palling of this ACt, and fhall affemble at fuch other times and Places as they fhall be duly convened in manner hereafter mentioned ; and every fuch Affembly fhall be ftyled a General Meeting ; and Two fuch Meetings fhall be held in every Year, on the Third Wednefday in the Month of January, and the Third Wednefday in the Month of July, which fhall be ffyled Half Yearly General Meetings ; and that a Special General Meeting may be called at any time by the Committee of Managers; and that Five or more Members of the faid Company, holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards in the faid Joint Stock, may at any time, by Writing under their Hands, left at the Office of the faid Company, require the Committee of Management to call a Special General Meeting, fo as fuch Requifition fully exprefs the ObjeCt for which fuch Meeting is required to be called ; and in cafe of the NegleCt or Re-fufal of the faid Committee to call fuch Meeting, the fame may be called by the faid Members, as hereinafter is expreffed ; and that

every

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

6'xxiii.

557

every General Meeting may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as {hall be found expedient ; and that at lead Six Days’ previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days’ previous Notice of every Adjournment of any General Meeting, {hall be given by Advertifement in Two or more of the London Newfpapers.

XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That no Member of the faid Company {hall be entitled to be prefent or to vote at any General Meeting or Adjournment thereof, unlefs he {hall have fubfcribed for at lead Three Shares in the Joint Stock of the faid Company at the time of the paffing of this A£t, or unlefs he {hall afterwards have been entitled to or continued poffefTed of at lead Three Shares in the faid Joint Stock for at lead Three Calendar Months before fuch Meeting ; and that fuch Members of the faid Company {hall have a Vote or Votes at fuch General Meetings in proportion to the Number of Shares held by them refpedtively, as hereinafter is mentioned ; (that is to fay,) For Th ree^ Shares and lefs than Seven Shares, One Vote ; for Seven Shares and lefs than Twelve Shares, Two Votes ; for Twelve Shares and lefs than Twenty Shares, Three Votes; for Twenty Shares and lefs than Thirty Shares, Four Votes; and for Thirty Shares or upwards, Five Votes ; but no Perfon or Perfons {hall be entitled to vote in refpedl of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Indalment thereof to be called for as hereinafter is mentioned, until fuch Indalment or Call {hall have been paid ; and that no Perfon or Perfons {hall vote at any General Meeting, upon any Quedion or Quedions relating to the Concerns of the laid Undertaking in which fuch Perfon or Perfons {hall be anywife intereded, other than as a Subfcriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the faid Undertaking.

XXXI.	And be it further enatled, That when any Shafe or Shares in the faid Joint Stock {hall be the Property of more than One Perfon, the Owner or Proprietor whole Name {hall have been entered fird in Order on the Books of the faid Company {hall, for all the Purpofes of the faid Company, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or^Shares; and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the faid Company fhall and may be given to or ferved upon fuch Perlon whole Name fhall fo dand fird in Order in the Books of the faid Company, and fuch Service upon iuch Perfon fhall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Share or Shares, for all the Purpofes for which fuch Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares, and fuch Perfon fhall be entitled to any Vote or Votes which may be given in refpedt of fuch Shares.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That any Female, Infant or other Proprietor of Three or more Shares in the faid Joint Stock, entitled to vote in refpedt of fuch Shares at any General Meeting of the faid Company, fhall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at fuch General Meetings as aforefaid, either in Perfon or by Proxy, every fuch Proxy being a Member of the faid Company entitled to vote : Provided neverthelefs, that no Perfon fhall deliver in Proxies for more than Three Members ; and the Appointment of fuch Proxies may be made in the Form following ; videlicet,

.	.	‘	I	A.	B.

What Number of Shares entitled to vote.

No Perfons in-terelled, other than as Sub-fcribers, to vote.

Shares Handing in the Names of more than One Perfon, the Perfon whole Name Hands fir ft dial I for all the Purpofes of this be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Hosted by Google

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Form of Appointment of Proxies.

Regu-tations of Eledtioo of Chairman, General Meetings, & c.

Eledtton of Firft Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee.

The Half Yearly Meeting in January to eledt Two Managers, the Chairman and Deputy Chairman.

‘ T A. B. of	One	of the Proprietors

6 of atid in the City of London Gas Light and Coke Company,

< do hereby nominate, conftitute and appoint C. D. of c	to	be	my	Proxy, in my Name and in my Abfence

c to vote or give my AfTent to or Difient from any Bufinefs, matter ‘ or thing relating to the faid Undertaking, that {ball be mentioned i or propofed at any General Meeting of the faid Company, in fuch c manner as he the faid C. D» fhall think proper, according to his * Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the faid Undertaking,

6 or any thing relating thereto. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto ‘ fet my Hand, the	Day	of

XXXIII. And be it further enadted, That at the Firft General Meeting, to be held on the Seventh Day next after the palling of this A (ft, and any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, a Chairman Hi all be elected by the Members prefent ; and that at every fub-fequent General Meeting the Chair fhall be taken by the Chairman of the faid Company, or in his Abfence by the Deputy Chairman of the faid Company, and in their Abfence by a Member to be eledted by the Members prefent ; and that at every fuch General Meeting all Queflions fhall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members and Proxies prefent, and not declining to vote, according to their refpedtive Number of Votes ; and upon any Difference of Opinion any Member may require fuch Votes to be taken by Ballot, but no Ballot fhall be kept open more than One Hour ; and that fuch Member as fhall be in the Chair fhall be entitled to Vote, and fhall alfo have a cafling Vote in cafe the Number of Votes fhall be equal ; and the Orders and Proceedings of every General Meeting fhall be entered by the Secretary or Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fhall be figned by the Chairman ; and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered and figned fhall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatfo-ever; and that no Bufinefs fhall be tranfadted at any Special General Meeting befides the Bufinefs for which it fhall have been called, and no other Bufinefs fhall be tranfadted at any Adjourned Special General Meeting than the Bufinefs left unfinifhed at the Meeting from which fuch Adjournment took place ; and if at any Special or General Meeting Seven Members entitled to vote fhall not affemble and proceed to Bufinefs in One Hour from the time appointed for fuch Meeting, or if that Number be not prefent when the Whole or any Part of the Bufinefs to be tranfadied fhall be decided upon, the Meeting fhall adjourn to the fame Day in the following Week, or fome other Day to be appointed by the Committee of Management.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That at the Firft General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the paffing of this Aft, or fome Adjournment thereof, the Firft Committee of Management of the faid Company, and the Firft Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the faid Company, fhall be eledted.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted, That at the Half Yearly General Meeting to be held in January in every Year, or fome Adjournment thereof, Two Members of the Company, qualified as aforefaid, who fhall have been Members of the Committee eledfed in the preceding Year, fhall be reeledted Members of the Committee of Management, and as foon as fuch Eledtion fhall have been made, Three other Members of the faid Company, qualified as aforefaid,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.xxiii.

559

fhall be ele£led Members of the faid Committee, and after fuch Committee fhall have been eledted, Two of the Members thereof fhall be elected Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the faid Company for the enfuing Year; but all the Members of the faid Committee, and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, ele&ed in the preceding Year, fhall be immediately reeligible ; and after fuch Eledtions as aforefaid fhall have taken place, the faid Officers refpedtively, who fhall not be reeledted, fhall refpedtively go out of their refpedfive Offices.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the faid Committee of Management, may at any time be removed from his refpedfive Office by a General Meeting fpecially called for that Purpofe ; and any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the faid Committee, may at any time vacate his Office, by fending his Refignation in Writing to the Office of the faid Company ; and in cafe any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the faid Committee fhall, during the Continuance of his refpedfive Office, by Transfer, Forfeiture or otherwife, reduce the Number of Shares in the faid Joint Stock held by him refpedlively below the Number of Fifteen Shares, or fhall otherwife become difqualified to be a Member of the faid Committee, then and in every fuch cafe the Office of fuch Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the faid Committee, fhall inftantly determine and become vacant; and that every Vacancy in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Members of the Committee, by Death, Removal, Refignation or becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforefaid, fhall be filled up at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpofe, within Fourteen Days next after fuch Office refpe&ively fhall become vacant ; and every Perfon who, in confequence of a Vacancy occafioned by any other Caufe than that of going out of Office according to the Rotation aforefaid, fhall be appointed Chairman,Deputy Chairman or a Member of the faid Committee, fhall be deemed only a Subftitute for the Perfon whofe Place he fhall fupply, and fhall continue in Office upon the fame Terms and only for the fame Period as the Perfon whofe Place he fhall fupply would have continued, if his Office had not been vacated before the time at which he mufl neceffarily have gone out of Office.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the General Meeting fhall from time to time ele£t fome Perfon to be Treafurer of the faid Company, and it fhall not be neceffary that fuch Perfon be a Member of the faid Company ; and any General Meeting may from time to time difmifs, remove or fufpend fuch Treafurer from time to time as they fhall think fit; and the firfl Treafurer fhall be elected at the Firfl General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the paffing of this A61, or fome Adjournment thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That any General Meeting, or General Meeting fpecially called for that Purpofe, fhall have full Power to call for and examine and fettle the Accounts of the faid Company; and that at every Half Yearly General Meeting, or fome Adjournment thereof, an Half Yearly Dividend or Dividends fhall be made out of the Intereft, Profits or Advantages of the faid Undertaking, unlefs fuch Meeting fhall declare otherwife; and fuch Dividend or Dividends fhall be at and after the Rate of fo much for every One Hundred Pounds upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the faid Company by the Members

thereof,

The Offices may be vacated, and are to be fupplied by Special General Meetings.

General Meev ing to elett a Treafurer.

General Meeting to fettle Accounts, and Half Yearly Meetings to declare Dividends.

Hosted by Google

SCO

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Half Yearly or Special General Meetings may make Call? on Subfcribers.

Power of General Meetings to make Bye Laws,

and

Penalties.

Bye Laws not to be repugnant to the Laws of England.

thereof, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors or Affigns, as fuch Meeting or Meetings fhall think lit to appoint and determine : Provided that no Dividend fhall be made or paid for until after the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds fhall have been fubfcribed for towards the Capital or Joint Stock of the faid Company ; and that no Dividend fhall be paid in refpeft of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in refpeft thereof, until fuch Call fhall have been paid : Provided alfo, that no Dividend fhall be made whereby the Capital of the faid Company fhall be in any Degree reduced or impaired ; and that the Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee of Management, who fhall make fuch Dividends, fhall be perfonally refponfible to the Proprietors, and alfo to the Creditors of the faid Company, for any Injury which may arife therefrom.

XXXIX. And be it further enabled, That any Half Yearly General Meeting, or Special General Meeting to be called for that Pur-pofe, or Adjournment thereof refpeftively, fhall have full Power to make fuch Call or Calls for Money from the feveral Subfcribers and Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, their Executors, Adminiftra-tors, SuccefTors and Affigns, as fuch Meeting fhall from time to time find wanting and neceflary for the Purpofes of the Undertaking, fo that no one fuch Call to exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for or in refpeft of any one Share of One hundred Pounds, and fo that no Call or Calls be made but at the Diitance of One Calendar Month at leaft from another ; and that the Sum or feveral Sums of Money fo to be called for fhall be paid into the Hands of the Trea-furer to the faid Company, and that the faid feveral Sums of Money fo called for fhall be paid at fuch Time and Place as fhall be appointed by fuch General Meeting, of which time and Place Thirty Days’ previous Notice at leaft fhall be given in Two or more of the Daily London Newfpapers.

XL. And be it further enabled, That the General Meetings fhall have full Power to fuperintend, regulate and control all the Affairs and Concerns of the faid Company, and fhall have full Power and Authority from time to time to make fuch Rules, Orders and Bye Laws as to them fhall feem meet and proper for the good Government of the faid Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and for the Management of the faid Undertaking in all refpefts whatfoever, and from time to time to alter and repeal fuch Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impofe and infiift fuch reafonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Perfons offending againff fuch Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the faid General Meeting fhall feem meet and expedient ; and all Rules, Orders and Bye Laws fo made as aforefaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the faid Company thereto affixed, fhall be printed, and be binding upon all Perfons, and fhall be fufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juflify all Perfons who fhall aft under the fame: Provided always, that fuch Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the exprefs Directions or Provifions of this Aft : Provided alfo, that all fuch Rules, Orders aod Bye Laws fhall be fubjeft to Appeal in manner by this Aft direfted.

XLI. And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxiii.

5GI

XL I. And be it further ena&ed, That the Committee of Management of the faid Company (hall meet together at the Office ot the faid Company one Day in every Week at the leaft, and at fuch other times as they fnall think proper; and any Two of the faid Committee may at any time call a Meeting of the faid Committee, by Notice in Writing fent to the Refidence of every Member of the faid Committee, when they fhall think fit ; but no Bufinefs fhall be tranfa&ed at any Meeting of the faid Committee, unlefs Three Members be prefent when fuch Bufinefs fhall be decided upon; and that the Chair fhall be taken at every Committee by the Chairman, or in his Abfence by the Deputy Chairman, or in their Abfence by a Member to be chofen by the Members prefent; and that all Queftions, matters and things which fhall be propofed, dif-cufFed or confidered by them, fhall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then prefent ; and in cafe of an equal Divifion, the Member for the time being in the Chair fhall have the calling Vote, befides his own Vote ; and that it, on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the faid Committee, Three Members fhall not attend, that then and in every fuch cafe the Meeting fhall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then prefent, or if none be prefent, by the Secretary or Clerk to the faid Company, or fuch other Perfon as fhall attend in his Place; and the Proceedings of every Committee fhall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Secretary or Clerk for that Pur-pofe, and figned by the Perfon in the Chair.

XLXX. And be it further enabled, That the Committee of Management fhall and may call a Special General Meeting of the faid Company for any Purpofe they may think proper, and fhall appoint the time and Place of holding every General Meeting, and fhall give at leaft Six Days’ Notice of every General Meeting by Advertifement in Two or more of the London Newfpapers, and fhall give Three Days fuch Notice of every Adjourned General Meeting, and fuch Notice fhall be given for every Special Meeting which fhall be required to beheld by Five or more Members holding in the aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards, within Six Days next after fuch Requiiition fhall have been given, and fhall caufe a Special General Meeting to be called within Fourteen Days next after any Vacancy fhall happen in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman Or Member of the Committee, and fhall caufe to be exprefled in the Notices of every Special and Adjourned General Meeting the Obje&s for which fuch Meetings refpe&ively are to be held.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Committee of Management for the time being fhall refufe or negledt for the Space of Six Days to comply with any fuch Requifition, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the Members who fhall have figned the fame to call a Special Meeting of the Company by Advertifement in Two or more of the London Newfpapers, fpecifying the Place where and the time when fuch Meeting is to be held, the time not being lefs than Six Days after fuch Notice, and the Place fomewhere in the faid City of London, and likewife fpecifying in fuch Notice the Reafon for and Intention of calling fuch Special Meeting ; and the Members are hereby authorized to meet purfuant to fuch Notice, and take into Confideration the Matter or Matters to be fubmitted to them by the Perfons calling fuch Special 57 Geo. III.	O	o	Meeting

Regulations concerning Meetings of the Committee,

Queftions decided bv Majority.

Powers and Duties of Committee as to calling General Meeting.

Special Meetings of the Company may be convened by Members on Negleft of Com-mittee.

Hosted by Google

56 2

C. xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Power to the CoiYnniuee to appoint Clerks, Sic.

General Powers of Covnrmttee,

&c.

Treafurer not to iffue Money without an Order figned by Three of the Committee.

To compel Payment of hubfcriptions.

fn Default of Payment of Calls, Shares to be f0j f> iLcd s

Meeting, and fpecified in fuch Notice ; and the Decifion and Determination of the Proprietors prefent at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they fhall have a Right to give refpe&ing fuch matter or matters, fhall be as valid to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made at a General Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the Committee of Management fhall appoint all the Clerks, Officers, Servants and Workmen, and Tradeimen of the faid Company, and difmifs, remove and fufpend them as they fhall think fit, and may require fuch Security from the Clerks and Officers, and alfo from the Treafurer for the time being of the faid Company, as they fhall think necefiary.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed, That the Committee of Management for the time being fhall have the Cuftody of the Common Seal of the faid Company, and fhall have Power and Authority to direct the Affairs and Bufinefs of the faid Undertaking, as well in iffuing, receiving and laying out and difpofing of all Sums of Money to be iffued or received, laid out or difpofed of, for the Purpofes of the fame, as in contra&ing for and purchafing Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels for the Ufe of the faid Undertaking, and entering into Contra&s for the Lighting of any fuch Parifhes, Places, Streets, Roads, Ways, Houfes or Buildings as aforefaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in felling and difpofing of all Articles produced from fuch Manufacture of Air or Gas as aforefaid, and in making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wife concerning the fame, fubjeCf to fuch Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations as (hall at any time be duly made by the faid Company in Reftraint, Control or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this ACl granted.

XLVIo And be it further enaCled, That the Treafurer or Trea-furers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the faid Company, (hall not ifiue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the faid Company without an Order or Orders in Writing figned by Three or more Members of the faid Committee; and that the Receipts of the faid Treafurer, for all Monies payable to him on account of the faid Company, fhall be effectual Difcharges for the fame.

XLVII. And be it further enaCted, That the feveral Perfons who have fubfcribed, or who fhall hereafter fubfcribe or advance any Money for and towards carrying on the Works hereby authorized to be made, fhall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them refpeCtively fubfcribed or fuch Part's or Portions thereof as fhall from time to time be called for by any General Meeting, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this ACt, at fuch times and Places as fhall be direded by a General Meeting in manner before mentioned ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall negleCt or refufe to pay the fame at the time and in the manner required for that Purpofe, it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to fue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XLVIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Subfcriber or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors or Affigns, fhall

11	negleCt

Hosted by Google

D. 1817*

57? GEO, III;

C. xxii t

sm

negle& or refufe to pay his, her or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for by any General Meeting as aforefaid, by the time appointed for Payment thereof, then in fuch cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo negle&ing or refufing (hall (whether or not the fame fhall then have been fued for in any Court of Law or Equity) abfolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share, Part and Intereft in the faid Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them on account thereof, to and for the Ufe and benefit of the faid Company, unlefs otherwife determined by a Special General Meeting ; and that all Shares which fhall or may be fo forfeited fhall or may be fold at a public Sale for the moft Money that can be gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof fhall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the faid Company ; but that no Advantage fhall be taken of fuch Forfeiture of any Share in the faid Undertaking as aforefaid until after Thirty Days' Notice fhall be given by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the faid Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her or their ufual or lafh Place of Abode ; and that eyery fuch Forfeiture fo to be declared fhall be an abfolute Indemnification and Dif-charge to and for the Subferiber or Subfcribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns, fo forfeiting, againft all A&ions, Suits and Profecutions for any Breach of Contra& or other Agreement between fuch Subferiber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking fhall die before Payment fhall have been made by him or her of the full Sum to be called for or in refpedt thereof as aforefaid, without having made any fufficient Provifions as aforefaid, by WiH or otherwife, how fuch Share Or Shares fhall be difpofed of, and how the future Calls in refpe£t thereof fhall be anfwered , that then and in fuch cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch Proprietor and Proprietors, and the Truftee or Truftees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Perfon entitled to the Eftateand Effe&s of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be indemnified againft fuch Infant, and all other Perfons whomfoever, for paying any Money which fhall be called for as aforefaid in refpe& of the Share or Shares of fuch deceafed Proprietor.

L. And in order that where the original Holder or Proprietor of One or more Share or Shares in the. faid Undertaking fhall die, become Infolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or fhall transfer his or her Right and Intereft to fome other Perfon, and no Regifter fhall have been made of the Transfer thereof'with the Clerk to the faid Company, it may not be in the Power of the faid Company to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or, Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Ad* miniftrators,'Succeffors and Affigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to Be made on fuch Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or A&ions againft him, her or them, their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpofe of fafely paying to him, her or them, their Executors, Adihiniftrators, Succeffors and Affigns, the Intereft or Dividends to

O o 2	which

but Notice to ks

given.

Executors, &c. indemnified in paying Calls*

For afeemining the Proprietor-fhip of Shares in cafes of Death, Infolvency, &c.

Hosted by Google

C.xxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

56 i

PiOViHou if CjIIs not paid in fuch cafes.

Shares may be transferred.

which he, fhe or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; Be it therefore further enabled. That in all the cafes aforefaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking fhall pafs from the original Subfcriber or Subfcribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and manner herein fpecified, an Affidavit fhall be made and fworn to by Two credible Perfons, before One of His Ma-jefty’s Juftices of the Peace, Hating the manner in which fuch Share or Shares hath or have paffed to fuch other Perfon or Perfons, their Executors, Adminiflrators, Succeflbrs and Affigns, and that fuch Affidavit fhall be tranfmitted to the Clerk of the faid Company, to the Intent that he may enter and regifter the Name or Names of every fuch other Proprietor or Proprietors in the, Regifter Book, or Lift of Subfcribers and Proprietors to the faid Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Company ; and that in all or any of the faid cafes it fhall be lawful for the Subfcribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting, after Thirty Days’ Notice fhall have been given by the faid Treafurer or Clerk to the Owners or Perfons claiming by fuch Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons, their Executors, Adminiflrators, Succeflbrs and Affigns, fhall not have paid his, her or their Portion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any .Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof fhall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days at leaft between each Adver-tifement, in fome Two or more London Newfpapers, to declare, at any General Meeting, the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and that in fuch cafe the fame fhall be and become forfeited, and be fold and difpofed of in fuch manner as the faid Members at any Meeting or Meetings fhall direA, or otherwife become confolidated in the General Fund of the faid Company.

LI. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the feveral Members of the faid Undertaking, iheir Executors, Ad-miniftrators, Succeflbrs and Affigns, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they fhall refpeAively be poflefled ; and every fuch Transfer {hall be in the Form and to the EffeA following; (that is to fay,)

loi m of Trans- 6 T	of	in	confxderation	of

^er*	‘	^	paid	to me by	of

6 do hereby bargain, fell and transfer to the faid

*	the Sum of	Capital	Stock	of	and	in	the	Un-

*	der taking called “ The City of London Gas Light and Coke 4 Company being my Share [or -Shares] No.

6	]	in	the faid Undertaking, to hold to the faid

‘	Executors,	Adminiflrators and Affigns, fubjeA to the

*	fame Rules, Orders and ReftriAions, and on the fame Conditions^

‘ that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and c I the faid	do	hereby	agree	to	accept	and	take

*	the faid	Share,	fubjeA	to the fame Rules, Or-

‘ ders, ReftriAions and Conditions ; as witnefs our Hands and Seals, c this	Day	of	in	the	Year

*	of our Lord

And

Hosted by Google

A.EU8I7.

51° GEO. III.

C. xxili.

565

And that every fuch Transfer (hall be regiftered in the Books of the faid Company ; and a Copy of fucli Regilter, figned by the Clerk or other Officer of the faid Company duly authorized thereto, /hall be fufficient Evidence of every fuch Sale, and received as fuch in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom ; and that, until fuch Transfer {hall be regiftered in the Books of the faid Company as aforefaid, no Purchafer or Purchafers of any Share or Shares, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Affigns, /hall have any Part or Share in the faid Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor ffiall receive any Intereft or Dividends for or in refpeft of fuch Share or Shares fo purchafed,-nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Member or Members of the faid Undertaking in refpeft of fuch Share or Shares, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after fuch Transfer ffiall have been regiftered.

Eli. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That after any Call for Money ffiall have been made by virtue of this Aft, no Perfon or Perfons ffiall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, ffie or they ffiall poflefs in the faid Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the faid Call, until the Money fo called for or in refpeft of his, her or their Shares intended to be fold ffiall be paid 5 and until fuch Money fo called for ffiall be paid, any fuch Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares ffiall be void ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons making Default herein ffiall be fubjeft and liable to forfeit fuch his, her or their Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, to and for the general Benefit of the faid U:> dertaking, unlefs he, file or they ffiall at the time of fuch Sale or Transfer pay to the Treafurer of the faid Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share fo to be fold or transferred ; fuch Forfeiture neverthelefs to be firft notified and declared in manner direfted by this Aft with refpeft to the Forfeiture of Shares for not anfwering the Calls to be made thereon as aforefaid;

LIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Company, or their Committee of Management, ffiall and they are hereby required to caufe the Names and Defignations of the feveral Perfons who ffiall be entitled to Shares in the faid Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and alfo the proper Number by which every Share ffiall be diftinguiffied, to be fairly and diftinftly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, and after fuch Entry to caufe the fame to be figned by their Chairman, and they ffiall alfo caufe a Certificate, to be figned by the Chairman and Clerk, to be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, fpecifying the Share or Shares to which he or ffie is entitled in the faid Undertaking ; and fuch Certificate lhail be admitted in all Courts whatfoever as Evidence of the Title of fuch Proprietor, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to the Share or Shares therein fpecified ; but the Want of fuch Certificate ffiall nGt hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the faid Shares from felling or difpofing thereof.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Perfon or Perfons thinking himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace relating to any matter or thing in this Aft mentioned or contained, may within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Order, Judgment or Beter-

OoS	mination

Transfer to be reeiltered.

Evidence.

No Share to be fold after a Cad till the Money is paid.

In fuch cafe Transfer void.

Names,&c. of Proprietors to be entered, and Certificate of their Shares delivered to them.

Appeal to Quarter Selilons.

Hosted by Google

C. xxiii—xxv.

ST GEO. III.

A.P.181 7

56S

Notice of. Appeal.

Power of Quarter Selfions.

Provifofor Rights of Perfons 16. light Streets, &c. and for Com-millioneis of Pavement, Sewers, New River Company, &c.

Provifo for Perfons aggrieved proceeding againft the Company.

Public Aft.

56 G-3, c.46.-

*5 G- .3- c. 67. 35 G. 3. c. 132. lubjedl as herein

miration (ha'll have been made or given, (fijrft giving Twenty one Days’ Notice of fucb Complaint to the Perfon or Perfons againfE whom fuch Complaint is intended to be made,) complain to the Juilices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seffions to be held in and for the City or County in which the Caufe of Appeal (hall arife, who fhall in a fummary way either hear and determine the faid Com* plaint at fuch General Quarter Seffions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for fuch City or County $ and the faid Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which fhall have been levied in purfuance of fuch Determination ; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this A£t fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfover, into any of His Majeily’s Courts of Record at WBjlminJlei'> or elfewhere 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithilanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall have the Effect of depriving any Perfon or Perfons of any Right which he or they at prefent poffefs, or of in* terfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houfes with Gas Lights, or in any other manner i Provided alfo, that nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conflrued to defeat, abridge, alter, obftrudl or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Commiffioners or Trufleesfor Lighting or Paving, or of the Commiffioners of Sewers* or the New River Company, or any other Company eftabUlhed for the Supply of Water in or for any of fuch Parifhes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Perfon or Perfons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within fuch Parifhes or Places ; Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to prevent any Perfon or Perfons from proceeding againll the faid Company, or againfl any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in refpedl of any Works of the faid Company* or the Method which fhall be employed by them for fur-nifhing fuch Light as aforefaid, as a public or private Nuifance, or from bringing any Action againfl the faid Company, or any. of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, for any Injury fuflained by reafon of any fuch Works or Method of Lighting, whether fuch Injury fhall proceed from the Nature of fuch Method of Lighting, or the CarelefTnefs or Want of Skill of the Perfons employed therein. ‘ LVI. And be it further ena&ed, That this A61 fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public A 61, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded*

Cap. xxiv.

An A61 to amend an A61 of the lafl Seffion of Parliament, for the better repairing the feveral Roads leading into and from the City of Worceflef.	[23d	May	1817-7]

Cap. xxv.

An A61 to continue and amend Two A6ts of the Fifteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His prefent Majefly for amending and

widening

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

570 GEO. III.

C. xxv—xxix.

567

widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through Little mentioned, con-Yarmouth, to Gorleflon, in the County of Suffolk, (c)	tinued during

[23d Afryt 1817.] 'he Refidue of L J	J	'	-*	their refpedhve

Terms, and for 21 Years, &c. afterwards.

Cap. xxvh

An Adl for amending the Roads leading from Bafingjlone, near 26 G. 2. c. 51. Bagfhot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton x3 G. 3* c; 51* and New Alresford, to Winchefter, in the County of South- 35	3-

ampton.[k)	[23dil^ 1817.3 repe^le(1*

[.Additional Tolls on Sundays,"]

Cap. xxvii.

An Adi for more effedlually improving the Road from Richmond, in 24 G- 2. c. 17. the County of York, to Lancqfter, in the County of Lancajler, and G. 2. c.91. the Road from Richmond to Lucy Crofs, and from Gilling to the excc t '^cor!-Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, [a) tinued by this

[23d May	A<f>, repealed •

from ill June/ ~	...	1817.

Lap. xxvm.

An Adi for continuing and amending an Adi of His prefent Ma- 35 G. 3 c. 148. jelly, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford in the continued. County of Bedford, to Klmbolton in the County of Huntingdon. (a)

[23d May 1817.]

is not

\_New Trujlees, Power to appoint AdditionalTruflees. Former Tolls to fated] ceafe, and new Tolls granted,]

Cap, xxix.

An Adi for better paving, improving and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftrudlions therein.	[16th	June 1817.3

4 VTTHEREAS many of the Streets and public Places within 4 VV that Part of the Metropolis which is fituate within the

4	Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Parifhes of Saint Pancras and

5	Saint Mary le lone, in the County of Middlefex, are divided into 4 parochial and other Diftridts, and are paved and repaired and 4 regulated, and Obftrudlions and Nuifances therein are removed, uh~ 4 der the Diredlion of certain Commillioners or Truftees, or other 4 Perfons appointed to fuperintend and regulate the fame in each 4 of fuch parochial or other Diftridts, by virtue of certain local 4 Adis of Parliament 5 and the Pavements of many of fuch Streets * and public Places are often in a State dangerous to Paffengers,

4 and frequently contain Nuifances and Obftrudlions which are 4 offenfive or injurious 1 And Whereas it would materially tend to 4 the remedying of fuch Defedls in the Pavements, and fuch Nui-4 fances, if more fummary means of compelling the fpeedy Repa-4 ration of the Pavements of fuch Streets and public Places, and of 4 enforcing due Regulations as to the various Water and Gas Com-6 panies and Commillioners of Sewers, by whom the Pavements of 4 fuch Streets and public Places have been frequently difplaced ; 4 and alfo if more adequate Funds and Authorities were'given to

O o 4	6	the

Hosted by Google

503

C. xxix.

5 7° GEO. HI.

A.D.181?.

How far A£t to extend.

Surveyors of Pavements to be appointed in P.jriflies or other DiftriCts.

c the faid feveral Commiflioners, Truftees and other Perfons having ‘ the Superintendence and Regulation of the Pavements of fuch ‘ Streets and public Places;’ For which Purpofes, may it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That this ACt and the Provifions herein contained fhall extend to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Cities of London and Wejlminfter and Borough of Southwark, and any other Parts of the Metropolis which are included within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Parifhes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary le hone in the faid County of Middlefex, except only any Parts thereof which may be hereinafter particularly excepted.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That within Two Calendar Months after the pafling of this A<ft the Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any Pariih or other DiftriCl included within the Operation of this A&, fhall appoint One or more competent Perfon or Perfons, being a Houfe-keeper or Houfekeepers, and having an Houfe or Houfes, or an Office or Offices, within their feveral Parifhes or other Diftridts, and to be and be called “ The Surveyor” or “ The Surveyors of the Pavements,” within each of fuch refpe&ive Parifhes or other Diftridts, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be appointed the Surveyor or Surveyors fhall fuperintend the Pavements .of the feveral Parifhes ot other Diftridls to which he or they fhall be fo appointed by the Commiftioners, Truftees cr other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements therein, and fhall obferve and perforin all the Duties im-pofed on Surveyors or Infpedfors of Pavements by this A6f, or by the feveral local Acfts of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof fuch Commiftioners, Truftees or other Perfons fhall have been and fhall be appointed, and which they fhall be from time to time directed to obferve and perform by the feveral Commiftioners, Truftees or other Perfons by whom they fhall be fo appointed ; and alfo that all and every the Surveyors fo appointed fhall and may be difcharged and removed from time to time by the feveral Commiftioners, Tfuftees and other Perfons by whom they fhall be fo appointed, at their Pleafure ; and that they fhall be paid fuch annual or other Salaries, Gratuities or Compenfation, out of the Monies arifing from the Rates made and to be made for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of each of fuch Parifhes or other Diftri&s, and either feparately or jointly with any other Objedls or Purpofes, during their continuance in the faid Office, as the faid Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons by whom they fhall be feverally appointed, fhall from time to time think fit : Provided neverthelefs, that this ASt £fhall not limit or prevent the Appointment by the faid Commiftioners, Truftees or other Perfons, of any Infpe&ors or other inferior Officers for the Afliftance of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements within each of their refpedtive parochial or other Diftri&s, fec they fhall think neccffary for the better Prefervation and Superintendence of the pavements therein.

III. And

Hosted by Google

a.d.1817.	57°GE6. iri.	ix.

III.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon /hall at any time hereafter be appointed to the Office of Surveyor of the Pavements of and in any Pari/h or other Diftricft, or /hall continue in fucfo Office, or /hall a£f therein, who at the time of fuch Appointment /hall be, or after fuch Appointment lhall become, a Commiffioner of Truftee, or a Perfon having the Control of the Pavements of fuch Pari/h or other Diftridt by virtue of any local A61 or A6ts of Parliament or otherwife, or who /hall be a Pavior or Mafon, or Dealer in Stones, and who /hall have any Share or Intereft in any Employment or Contract for the Pavement or Reparation of the Pavement of fuch Pari/h or other Diftrift, or in any other public Works under fach Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons within fuch Pari/h or other Diftridl ; and that no Perfon /hall be continued in fuch Office of Surveyor of Pavements by any Commiffioners, TrufteesT>r other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any Pari/h or other Diftridt, or /hall aft therein, who /hall ceafe to be an Houfe -keeper, or to have an Houfe or Office within the particular Pari/h or other Diftricft, to the Superintendence of the Pavements whereof he lhall have been fo appointed, or who /hall become otherwife dif-qualified by virtue of this A£t ; and that if any Perfon /hall prefume to aas a Surveyor of Pavements for and in any Pari/h or other Dif-tridt, being difqualified as herein mentioned, every fuch Perfon /hall for every fuch A6t forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Add

IV.	And be it hereby further enabled, That from time to time and at all times hereafter, within One Calendar Month after the Death or Removal or Difqualification of any Perfon appointed by any Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements within any parochial or other Diftridft, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within fuch parochial or other Dif-tridf, the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other fuch Perfons, ffiall appoint another competent Perfon, qualified as hereinbefore directed, to the Office of a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within fuch parochial or other Diftrift, in the Room or Stead of the Perfon who /hall fo die or be removed, or otherwife become difquali-fied for fuch Office.

V.	And be it hereby further enacted, That the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdi&ion of this Adt, from time to time and at all times within Fourteen Days after they ftiall have appointed any Perfon or Perfons to the Office of a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of and within fuch parochial or other Diftridf, /hall caufe to be painted on Boards the Chriftian and Surnames of each and every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo from time to time by them appointed to the Office of Surveyor for fuch parochial or other Diftridt, with the Number of the Houfe, and the Street or other public Place within the faid parochial or other Diftridl which may then be the Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes, or Office or Offices, of the Perfon or Perfons fo appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for fuch particular parochial or other Diftridt, and that fuch Infcriptions ftiall be fo painted on the faid Boards in Oil Colours, and in Roman Letters, being at ieaft One Inch in Height ; and that they the faid Commiffioners or

Truftees,

5&J

What Perfons incapacitated from being Surveyors.

Incapacitated Perfons aftinc;,

Penalty.

Succeffors to Surveyors to he appointed within-One Month after Vacancy.

Gommififioneiu See. to caufe Boards, inferibed with the Names and Refidence of Surveyors,to be placed in conspicuous Parts of every Diitridt.

Hosted by Google

570

57° geo. m.

Removing or obliterating fuch Boards or In-fcriptiotis, Penalty.

Certain Houfe-keepers living within Juril'dic-tiqn of A61 may give Notice to Surveyors of dangerous or defective Pavement, and require the Reparation thereof*

C.xxix*

A.D.1S17*

Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every fucli parochial or other Diftrift, fhall alfo caufe one of fuch Boards, being fo painted, to be fet up or fixed in a confpicuous Place of the external Part of every Parifh Church and parochial Chapel and Watch Houfe, within their feveral parochial or other Diftritffs, and alfo on any Walls or Erections or Buildings within their feveral parochial or other Diftri&s refpe&ively, not being private Dwelling Houfes, as they may think neceffary, and from time to time may vary and tranfpofe the fame, or caufe the fame to be varied or tranfpofed, as they fhall think neceffary or convenient ; and that they the faid Commiffioners or Truffees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every fuch parochial or other Diftrift, from time to time and at all times fhall caufe to be renewed or repaired and repainted all and every fuch Boards with the Infcriptions aforefaid, when and as often as occafion fhall require* and fo that the Infcriptions on the faid Boards, with the Names and Refidence of the feveral Surveyors of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other Diftrift, fhall be legible at all times during the Day; and that if any Perfon fhall wilfully remove, deftroy or injure any of fuch Boards, or fhall obliterate or deface the Words painted thereon, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or fhall caufe or procure the fame to be removed, deftroyed or injured, or obliterated or defaced, then every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings nor lefs than Fifteen Shillings, to be recovered in the manner hereinafter provided.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon being the Occupier of an inhabited Dwelling Houfe, fituate in any Parifh or Place alfo within the Jurifdi£tion of this A<ff, and rated to the Relief of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place wherein fuch Dwelling Houfe fhall be fituate, at the Sum of Fifty Pounds at the leaff, for and in refpedl of fuch Dwelling Houfe, or in cafe any Two Perfons being the Occupiers of Two feveral inhabited Dwelling Houfes fituate in any Parifh or Place, Parifhes or Places, alfo within the Jurifdidlion of this A£t, and each of whom fhall be rated to the Relief of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place, Parifhes or Places* wherein fuch Dwelling Houfes fhall be refpe&ively fituate, at the Sum of Twenty five Pounds at the leaft, for and in refpedt of their faid refpedtive Dwelling Houfes, fhall think that the Pavement of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftritff within the Jurifdi&ion of this A&, or any Part of fuch Pavement, is in a State dangerous to Paffengers, or fo very defective as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to Paffengers and Carriages, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch One Perfon alone, or for fuch Two Perfons jointly, to prepare a Notice, figned with his or their refpe&ive Hand or Hands, fetting forth the Number of his or their refpe&ive Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes, and the Street or public Place, or Streets or Public Places, wherein fuch Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes is or are fituate, and de* fcribing the Part of the Pavements of any Street or public Place which he or they confider to be then dangerous to Paffengers, or fo very defe6tive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to Paffengers and Carriages, and alfo requiring the Reparation thereof, and to addrefs fuch Notice to any Perfon being a Surveyor for the time being of

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

371

the Pavements of and within the parochial or other Diftrid wherein the Part of any Street or public Place fhall be iituate, the Pave-, rtient whereof fhall then be dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defective as aforefaid, and to give fuch Notice to any fuch Surveyoi*, or to leave the fame for him at the Dwelling Houfe or Office within fuch parochial or other Diftrid, infcribed on the Boards to be from time to time fet up by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Per-fons having the Control of the Pavements of and within fuch parochial or other Diftrid, purfuant to the Directions of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon from time to Surveyors to time hereafter being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial CJul'e luch dan' or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, to whom fhall ger°usor defeCfc-be given or for whom {hall be left a Notice, figned and prepared as	^

before directed, of the dangerous or very defective State as aforefaid of any Part of the Pavement of any Street or public Place in the parochial or other Diftrid in and for which he fhall then be a Surveyor of Pavements, fhall forthwith infped the Part of the Pavement defcribed in fuch Notice given to or left for him ; and if the fame or any Part thereof fhall really be in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defedive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to Paf-fengers and Carriages, and if the Colls and Charges of and about the repairing of fuch dangerous or very defective Pavement will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, he fhall caufe fuch Pavement to be if Charge do not effectually repaired within Three Days after the Day whereon fuch exceed 2I. Notice fhall have been given to or left for him as aforefaid ; and if the Colls and Charges of and about the repairing of fuch Pavement will exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, but will not exceed the Sum if exceeding 2I. of Ten Pounds, then he fhall caufe fuch dangerous or very defective Pavement to be effectually repaired within Seven Days after the Day whereon fuch Notice fhall have been given to or left for him as aforefaid ; and in either of fuch cafes, fuch Surveyor may and fhall caufe fuch Pavements to be fo effedually repaired by and of his own Authority, and without any Order or Direction from the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Ferfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftrid wherein he fhall be appointed to ad ; and the Cofts and Charges of fuch effedual Repa* Such Charge to ration fhall be paid by fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Per* be paid by Corn-fons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other p^e^e^s°&c Diftrid wherein fuch dangerous or very defedive Pavement may be	L	*

fituate; but if it fhall appear to the laid Surveyor, upon the Infpec-don of the Pavements defcribed in any Notice to be given to or left for him as aforefaid, that the fame is really in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defedive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, and that the Cofts and Charges of and about the effedual Reparation of fuch Part of the Paid Pavements as may then be in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defedive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then and in every fuch cafe, the If Charges ex-laid Surveyor fhall deliver a Copy of the Notice given to or left for ceed iol. him as aforefaid, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of Proceedings* the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrid, within Three Days after fuch Notice fhall have been given to or left for him as aforefaid, and fhall in Writing require fuch Clerk or Clerks, or other

proper

Hosted by Google

57*

C. XXis.

A.D. 1S17.

JuHtces on Negledt may fummon Survey ors, and order the Repair.

57° GEO. III.

proper Officer, duly to fummon a General Meeting of the Commif-fioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrict, according to the ufual Cuftom of fuch Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, or to the Directions of the local A& or ACts of Parliament under or by virtue whereof fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of and in fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, fhall be appointed ; and that fuch Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, within Two Days after he {hall receive fuch Notice and Requifition from the faid Surveyor, (hall fummon or caufe to be fummoned a General Meeting of the faid Commif-lioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of and in fuch parochial or other Diftricft, to be held within Four Days then next, for the Purpofe of confidering the Notice given to or left for the Surveyor appointed by them as aforefaid 5 and that the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other DiftriCl, or a fufficient Number of them for the TranfaCtion of Bufinefs, according to the Provifions of the local A& or A&s of Parliament under or by virtue of which they are or {hall be appointed, fhall alfemble at their ufual Place of Meeting purfuant to fuch Summons, and fhall then and there confider fuch Notice fo given to or left for the faid Surveyor of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftridl ; and if fuch Part of the Pavement defcribed in fuch Notice, or any Part thereof, fhall really be in a State dangerous to Paflengers, or fo very defective as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to Paflengers and Carriages, then fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons fhall then and there direCl the effeClual Reparation of fuch Part of the Pavements mentioned in the faid Notice as may be dangerous to Paflengers, or fo very defective as aforefaid, and fhall caufe the fame and every Part thereof to be fo effe&ually repaired ,at their Coils and Charges, within Twenty eight Days then next, if the Charges of and about fo effectually repairing the fame will not in their Judgment exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Charges of and about fo effe&ually repairing the fame will in their Judgment exceed the faid Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if at any time or times hereafter the Pavement of any Street or public Place within the Jurifdi&ion of this A&, being in a State dangerous to Paflengers, or fo very defe&ive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to Paflengers and Carriages, whereof a Notice, prepared and iigned as hereinbefore is dirc&ed> fhall have been given to or left for any Perfon being a Surveyor of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftri& wherein the Pavement fo dangerous to Paflengers, or fo very defective as aforefaid, may be fltuate, fhall not be Efficiently repaired within the times hereinbefore appointed for the Reparation thereof, (that is to fay) within Three Days from the Day whereon the faid Notice fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, if the Cofts and Charges of and about fuch Repair would not exceed the Sum qi Two Pounds, and within Seven Days from the Day whereon the faid Notice fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, if the Cofts and Charges of and about fuch Repair would not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days from the Day whereon the faid Notice fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, if the Cofts

and

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

p >»o

5/o

and Charges of and about fuch Repair would not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks next after the faid Notice fhali have been given or left as aforefaid, if the Coft3 and Charges of and about fuch Repair would exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, then it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons by whom any Notice figned as hereinbefore is directed fhali have been given or left as aforefaid, to apply and complain to any Two Juf-tices of the Peace adling for the City, Borough or County wherein the Pavement of the Street or public Place defcribed in the Notice fo given or left as aforefaid fhali be fituate, and that upon Proof proofon oth upon Oath, by One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, that a 0f Qne wirnefa. Notice, prepared and figned as hereinbefore is directed, had been given to or left for a Perfon appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftridl wherein the Pavement defcribed in fuch Notice may be fituate, and according to the Diredlions of this A<ft, and that the Part of the Pavements in any Street or public Place defcribed in fuch Notice, and being in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defe&ive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, had not been fuf-ficiently repaired within the time hereinbefore limited by this A6f, according to the Cofts and Charges which mull be incurred in and about fuch Reparation; then fuch Juftices of the Peace, by a Summons under their Hands, fhali require the faid Perfon, being appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements for the parochial or other Piftridl wherein the Pavement of any Street or public Place dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defedlive as aforefaid, fhali be fituate, to or for whom the faid Notice, prepared and figned as aforefaid, fhali have been given or left, according to the Directions of this ACt, to appear before them the faid Juftices, at .a Place and time to be mentioned in fuch Summons, (and the Time being Twenty four Hours at the lead after the faid Summons fhali have been given to the faid Surveyor, or fhali have been left for him at his Dwelling Houfe or Office within the parochial or other Diftrid the Pavement whereof he fhali be appointed to furvey, inferibed on the Boards hereinbefore dire&ed to be fet up in every parochial and other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCfion of this ACt,) and then and there to fliow Caufe why the Pavement defcribed in the Surveyor to fhow faid Notice hath not been fufftciently repaired according to fuch Caufe why Notice, within the times hereinbefore by this A6f limited, according Pavement not to the Expence which muft be incurred in and about fuch Repair ; rePajrefl-and that if the faid Surveyor, or fome Perfon authorized by him fhali not attend before the faid Juftices at the time and Place mentioned in fuch Summons, or if he or fuch other Perfon authorized by him (hall then and there attend, and fhali not fhow to them the faid Juftices a fuflicient Caufe or fufftcient Caufes why the faid Pavement defcribed in the faid Notice given to or left for the faid Surveyor as hereinbefore is diredled, and every Part thereof, hath not been fufficiently repaired according to fuch Notice, then and upon Proof upon Oath by Two or more credible WitnefTes that the Pavement defcribed in the faid Notice is then dangerous to Paf-fengers, or fo very defe&ive as aforefaid, and that the fame is fituate within the parochial or other Diftridt for which the faid Surveyor fhali have been appointed and notified as appointed to adt, it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid Juftices* by Order under their on Default. Juf-

Handi tices may order

Hosted by Google

57-1

Cxxix.

57° GEO. III.

Surveyor to pay Money expended, and to repair.

Proceedings on the faid Order.

If Surveyor ftiow that Notice not duly given, &c.

Juftices may dif-mifs Coro plaint, and inflitt

Penalty of 40s,

AJD. 181?.

Hands and Seals, to order and direct that the faid Surveyor fhall pay to the Perfon or Perfons by whom the faid Notice fhall have been1 figned as aforefaid, fuch Sum of Money as he or they fhall have legally expended for the Cofts and Charges of fuch Summons and Order, and which faid Sum of Money fo by the faid Juftices ordered to be paid by the faid Surveyor fhall and may be recovered in the fame manner in which any other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this A£t ; and the faid Juftices fhall alfo then and there, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, order the faid Surveyor to fufficiently repair or caufe to be repaired all the Pavement deferibed in the faid Notice being in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or fo very defe&ive as aforefaid, and being in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein he the faid Surveyor fhall have been appointed to a£l as Surveyor of the Pavement, within Three Days then next if the Cofts and Charges of and about fuch Repair will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, and within Seven Days then next if the Cofts and Charges of and about the faid Repair will not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days then next if the Cofts and Charger of and about fuch Repair will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds but will not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Cofts and Charges of and about fuch Repair will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and the faid Order of the faid Two Juftices of the Peace, within Twenty four Hours after the fame fhall be made, fhall be given to the faid Surveyor, or left for him at his Dwelling Houfe or Office within the Parifh or other Diftrift the Pavement whereof he fhall be appointed to furvey, inferibed on the faid Boards hereinbefore directed to be fet up, and fhall be obeyed and performed by him ; and he the faid Surveyor fhall fufficiently repair the faid Pavements, or caufe the fame to be fufficiently repaired, within the time to be directed by the faid Order, at the Cofts and Charges of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of that parochial or other Diftrift wherein the Pavements fhall be fituate which by fuch Order fhall be fo ordered to be repaired 5 but if the faid Surveyor, or any Perfon authorized by him, fhall attend before the faid Juftices at the time and Place mentioned in fuch Summons, and fhall fhow to the faid Juftices that fuch Notice was not prepared and figned and given or left according to the Dire&ions of tBis A£t, or that the Pavement deferibed in luch Notice was not in a State dangerous to PafTengers, or was not in a State fo very defe&ive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to PafTengers and Carriages, either at the time of the Delivery of fuch Notice, or at the time of the Application of the Perfon or Perfons figning fuch Notice to fuch Juftices, or fhall then and there fhow to fuch Juftices fuch other Caufe or Caufes as they fhall deem fufficient why the faid Pavements have not been repaired according to fuch Notice, then and iri any or either of the faid Cafes the faid Juftices fhall difmifs the faid Com-1 plaint of the Perfon or Perfons by whom the faid Notice fhall haVe been figned as aforefaid, and by an Order under their Hands and Seals fhall declare that filch Perfon or Perfons having figned the faid Notice, and having made the Application arijd Complaint to them the faid Juftices, hath or have forfeited the Sum of Forty Shillings, and fhall dire& the fameJBum of: Forty Shillings to be paid by him . 1	or

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

575

or them to the faid Surveyor or other Perfon authorized by him,

then attending before the faid Judices, for his own Ufe and Benefit;

and fuch Sum of Forty Shillings fo forfeited fliall be recovered in

the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter

diredled to be recovered by virtue of this A61 : Provided always, provifo where

and be it hereby alfo ena6ted, That if it fhall appear to the faid Expence otRe-

Judices of the Peace that the Cods and Charges of and about the J^a^o^he^0**

Repair of any Pavement fo by them ordered to be repaired as afore- cotripieteci within

faid will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or that fuch Reparation six Weeks.

cannot be probably completed within Six Weeks then next, then and

in fuch cafe, or under any other fpecial Circumdances, it fhall and

may be lawful to and for the faid Judices to extend any of the

times for completing the Repair of any fuch Pavement to fome

other time beyond the Period of Six Weeks, or beyond the other

Periods mentioned by this A6t, at their Difcretion, and fo that fuch

Repair be completed with all the Expedition which the Extent of

fuch Repair and fuch fpecial Circumdances, in the Judgment of the

faid Judices of the Peace, will permit.

IX.	And be it further enadled. That if any Perfon from time Surveyors ne-to time hereafter, being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any paro. gle&ing to attend chial or other Didri6t within the Jurifdiftion of this A6t, and being	^L,ft)ces>or.

fummoned by any Two Judices of the Peace as hereinbefore is di- orders!^ re6!ed, fhall refufe or negle^ either perfonally or by fome Perfon authorized by him, to attend before fuch Judices at the time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, or fhall refufe or negle6l to perform and obey any Order which may be legally made by fuch Two Judices of the Peace, under their Hands and Seals, as hereinbefore is directed, and which fhall direct, according to the Provi-fions of this A6i, the Reparation of any Pavements dangerous to any Paffengers, or fo very defedtive as to occafion ferious Inconvenience to Paflengers and Carriages in any Streets or public Places within the parochial or other Didridl for which he fhall be appointed to a6i as a Surveyor of the Pavements, and to perform and obey the fame within the time fpecified therein, (he having Notice thereof as hereinbefore is dire&ed, and not being prevented from the Obfer-vance and Performance of fuch Order by Frod or other unavoidable Circumdances, or by the Negledt or Proceedings of any Water or Gas Company, or Commiflioners of Sewers,) then and in fuch cafe the faid Perfon being the Surveyor as aforefais fhall forfeit and pay for fuch Refufal or Negledt any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Fird Offence and a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for Firft Offence, a Second Offence, and a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds for every Second Offence, Third Offence, to be recovered in fuch manner as other Penalties or Third Offence. Forfeitures are by this A6t hereinafter diredted to be recovered, and to be paid, when recovered, to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of Penalties.

Poor of the Parifh or Didridt wherein any fuch dangerous or defective Pavement fhall be fituate, and to be by them applied to and for the Ufe of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Didrift, and in aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Diftridt, and to no other Perfon or Perfons, and for no other Ufe or Purpofe what-foever ; and fuch Perfon who fhall be guilty of fuch Third Offence fhall thereafter become difqualiffed from adling in the faid Office of DiiquaUfctL a Surveyor of the Pavements in the fame or in any other parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdiftion of this Adt, and from being

re-appointed!

Hosted by Google

Provifo for Re-jmburfement of Cofts incurred by any Perfon in Performance of Orders of Com-miflioners, tfcc.

Notice of Appointment of Surveyor to be given to Water ind Gas Com-p. arises.

end Commit oners of Sewers*

Provifo as to Ne-ceflity of giving

C.xxix.	h7°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1317.

re-appointed or appointed thereto, and from acting therein, either gratuitoufiy or othenvile, or under any Pretence whatfover, unlefs he fhall fo aft under the Direction and by the Command of the Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed : Provided always, that all Cods, Charges and Expences which fuch Perfon, being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftrift, fhall incur or expend in and about the Obfervance and Performance of any fuch Order made by the fa id Two Juflices of the Peace as aforefaid for the Reparation of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftrift being dangerous to Paffengers or very defective as aforefaid, as hereinbefore is directed, or which he fhall incur or be put unto in confequence of his Refufal or Negleft to perform and obey any fuch Order by the Directions in Writing of the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftrift for which he may be appointed to aft, fhall be forthwith paid or reimburfed to him by fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, out of the Monies which they fhall then poftefs, or fhall firft thereafter receive, by virtue or on account of any Rates or AffefT-ments thentofore or thereafter made, for and towards the Expences of the Paving or Reparation of the Pavement of fuch parochial or other Diftrift, or otherwife, by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Aft.

X. And be it further enafted, That from time to time, when and as often as any Perfon fhall be appointed by the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of the Streets-and public Places irf fuch parochial or other Diftrift, fuch Appointment fhall be notified, within Seven Days after every fuch Appointment, by the Clerk or Clerks or fome other Officer of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons, to a Clerk, Secretary or fome Officer or Servant of each of the feveral Companies for the Supply of Water, or Proprietors of Water Works, commonly and hereinafter called and deferibed as 6 Water Companies,5 and of each of the feveral Companies or Societies or Proprietors of Works for the Supply of inflammable Air or Gas or Gas Lights, commonly and hereinafter called and deferibed * Gas Light Companies/ whofe Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or Gas may or fhall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of fuch parochial or other Diftrifts for which fuch Surveyor fhall have been fo appointed, and alfo to a Clerk or Secretary of the Commiffioners of Sewers then having Jurifdiftion over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every fuch parochial or other Diftrift, by a Notice in Writing to be figned by fuch Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, and to be given to a Clerk, Secretary or fome other Officer or Servant of the faid feveral Water and Gas Light Companies, or to a Clerk or Secretary of fuch Commiffioners of Sewers, or to be left for them or fome or one of them at their or fome or one of their Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes or Place or Places of Abode, or at an Office or Counting Houfe for the time being of each of fuch Water and Gas Light Companies or Commif-fioners of Sewers: Provided, that it /hall not be neceftary to give

any

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

577

any fach Notice to any Water or Gas Light Companies or Commiffioners of Sewers which fhall not have previously notilied that their Pipes or Drains and Sewers have been and are placed beneath the Streets or public Places within each of fuch parochial or other Dif-trifts, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of the Com-miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within each of fuch parochial or other Diftrifts refpeftively.

XI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall not be lawful to or for any Water or Gas Light Company, or for any Commiffioners of Sewers, or any Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of them or any of them, or on their Account, to break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, for the Purpofe of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpofe (except for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of, or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of fubftituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleanfing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain), unlefs Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up fuch Pavement, figned by the principal Clerk or Secretary of fuch Water or Gas Light Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers for the time being, or by their Surveyor, or Infpeftor, or Turncock for the time being, fpecifying the Street or public Place, and the particular Part of fuch Street or public Place in which fuch Pavement is intended to be broken or taken up, fhall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being of the parochial or other Diftrift wherein fuch Street or public Place the Pavement whereof is fo intended to be broken or taken up fhall be fituate, or fhall have been left for him at his Dwelling-houfe or Office within fuch parochial or other Diftrift, for the Space of Three Days at the leaft before fuch Pavement or any Part thereof fhall be fo broken or taken up for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and that no Gas Light Company fhall break or take up or difturb, or caufe to be broken or taken up or difturbed, the Pavement of any Street or public Place for the Purpofe of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without the Confent in Writing of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrift, fignified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks,, or other proper Officer or Officers, firft obtained; and alfo, that any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers, or any of them, who fhall break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of fubftituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleanfing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, fhall give fuch Notice thereof as aforefaid, figned as aforefaid, and in manner aforefaid, unto fuch Surveyor as aforefaid, within Twelve Hours after any fuch Water or Gas Light Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers, or any Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them or on their Account, fhall begin to break or take up, or to caufe to be broken or taken up, any of fuch Pavements for the Purpofes laft aforefaid ; and that if any fuch Water or Gas Light Company, or 57 Geo. HI.	Pp	any

Notice in certain cafes.

Previous Notice to be given by the faid Companies and Commiffioners of Sewers to Surveyors before they break up any Pavement, except for Repairs, Sec,

and to have Confent of Commiffioners, Sec.

Notice after beginning to break up for Repairs, Sec. of Pipes, See.

Companiesj Sec, breaking op

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

57® GEO. HI.

A.D. 1817-

5’J'o

without Notice, (Exception)

Penalty.

New Mains of Wacer Pipes, <kc. to be made of Iron only.

Not laid down during the Months of December, January or February,

And lo from Ten Year:, front pafliug this, Act.

any Commiffioners of Sewers, or any Perfon or Perfons a<fting by or under their Authority, or on their Account, (hall break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of fuch Pavement (except for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of fubftituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleanfing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain) without fuch Three Days previous Notice being given or left as aforefaid ; or if any Gas Light Company {hall break or take up or difttirb, or caufe to be broken or taken up or difturbed, any of fuch Pavement, for the Purpofe of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without fuch Confent as aforefaid ; or if any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers, who may break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements aforefaid, for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of fubftituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleanfing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, fhall refufe or neglecft to give or leave, or to caufe to be given or left, fuch Notice thereof as aforefaid within Twelve Hours after any fuch Water or Gas Light Company, or Commif-ftoners of Sewers, or any Perfon or Perfons atfting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them, or on their Account, {ball begin to break or to take up, or to caufe to be broken or taken up, any of fuch Pavements, then and in every or any fuch cafe, the Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers, or other Perfon or Perfons fo breaking or taking up the fame Pavement, or any Part thereof, or cauiing or diretfting the fame to be broken or taken up, or under whofe Authority or on whofe Account the fame {hall be fo broken or taken up, or the Perfons fo breaking or taking up the fame, {hall forfeit and pay to the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements within the parochial or other Diftri<ft in which fuch Pavement fo broken or taken up or difturbed fhall be fituate, or to their Treafurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to fuch other Perfon as they may appoint, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Square Foot of Pavement which {hall be fo broken or taken up without fuch Notice or Confent as aforefaid, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this A<ft.

XII. And be it further ena<fted, That all new or complete Mains or Pipes for the Conveyance of Water, or inflammable Air or Gas, which after the palling of this A<ft {hall be laid down beneath the Surface of any Streets or Public Places within the Jurifdi<ftion of this A<ft, by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, and whether fuch new or complete Main of Pipes {hall or {ball not be fubftituted for or added to any other complete Main or Mains of Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or inflammable Air or Gas, then-tofore laid down for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, fhall confift and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material ; and that the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within the Jurifdi<ftion of this A (ft, or any Part thereof, {hall not be broken or taken up for the Purpofe of laying down any new Main of Pipes, for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, during any Part of the Months of December, January or February in any Year ; and alfo, that from and after Ten Years from the paffing of this A (ft all and every new Main Pipe and Pipes for the Conveyance

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57°GEO. III.	C.xxix.

ance of Water, or of inflammable Air or Gas, which {hall be laid down by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, or other Perfons, fhall confift and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and all and every new Service and other Pipes fhall not confifl or be made of Wood, but fhall confift or be made of Iron or Lead, or of fome durable Material; and that if any Water or Gas Light Company, or any other Perfon, fhall break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any fuch Pavement for the Pur-pofes aforefaid during the Months aforefaid, or fhall lay or caufe to be laid down any Pipes confifting or made of any Materials in Violation of the Provifions of this A61, then and in every fuch cafe the Company or other Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement which fhall be Penalty, fo broken or taken up by them or on their Account, and the like Sum for every Foot in Length of Pipe which fhall be fo laid down confifting or made of any fuch Material; and which faid Forfeitures and Penalties fhall be recoverable in the fame manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter diredted to be recovered by virtue of this A61 : Provided always, that nothing herein contained Proviio for fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to hinder or prevent any Water Com-Water Company, at any time within or after the Space of Ten Years ^ei^n^Mains2 from the paffing of this A£t, from repairing all or any of their en aans* prefent Mains or Service Pipes, which are not conftrudfed of Iron, with Wood or fuch other Materials whereof fuch Mains or Pipes are now conftru61ed.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful Plans of Pipes to and for any Perfon appointed to a61 as a Surveyor of the Pave- and Sewers imy ments in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdi61ion of this	q£ h/

A61, and to and for any other Perfon or Perfons appointed by the pavement °&r, Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any fuch parochial or other Diftridf, when he fhall be dire&ed fo to do by the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he or they fhall be appointed to a61, from time to time and at any times between the Flours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and of Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day not being a Sunday or Holiday appointed by Law, at the Office or Counting Houfe of any Water or Gas Light Company, any of whole Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas (hall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of fuch parochial or other Diftridfs, the Pavements whereof fhall be under the Control of fuch feveral Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or for which any fuch Surveyor fhall be appointed to a61, and at the Office of any Commiflioners of Sewers then having Jurifdidtion over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every fuch parochial or other Diftridf, to examine and infpedt any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, or Delineation or Defcription, of all and every the Main of Pipes and Pipes belonging to any of fuch Water or Gas Light Companies, then poflefled by them, or being in their Cuftody or Power, and any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, Delineation or Defcrip-tion, of the common and public Drains or Sewers being within fuch parochial or other Diftridf, and under the Jurifdidfion of fuch Com-miffioners of Sewers, then poflefled by them, or being in their Cuftody or Power, he fuch Surveyor for the time being, or fuch

P p 2	other

Hosted by Google

580

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Notice thereof in Writing.

Officers of Companies, &c. to notify their Names and Places of Abode to Clerks of Commiffioneis or to Surveyors of Pavements.

Penalty.

other Perfon or Perfons appointed by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, having given to a Clerk or Secretary of any fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or having left at the Office or Counting Houfe of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, Two Days previous Notice in Writing of his or their Intention to attend at the Office or Counting Houfe of fuch Companies or Commiffioners of Sewers for the Purpofe aforefaid ; and that the Secretary or Clerk, or/ome other Officer of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers ffiall then and there produce and ffiow, or caufe to be produced and ffiown, unto fuch Surveyor or other Perfon or Perfons, all and every the Maps, Plans, Drafts, Surveys, Delineations and Defcriptions aforefaid, in the Cuftody or Power of the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, and ffiall permit him or them then and there to take Extracts therefrom, or Copies thereof, or of and from any of them, or any Part of any of them, fo far as may relate to the Mains of Pipes or Pipes, and to the public or common Sewers or Drains which ffiall be laid or be beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places within the parochial or other Diftrift for which fuch Surveyor of Pavements, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed by any fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of Pavements, ffiall be deputed or directed to a<ft.

XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the Secretaries or Clerks, Surveyors or Infpedlors, and the feveral and refpe&ive Turncocks employed or appointed, or hereafter being employed or appointed by all and every the Water and Gas Light Companies, any of whofe Pipes ffiall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdi&ion of this A<ft, and alfo all and every the Clerk and Clerks, Secretary and Secretaries appointed or being hereafter appointed by any Commiffioners of Sewers whofe Jurifdi6tion ffiall extend over the common or public Drains or Sewers within every fuch parochial or other Diftrift, within Forty Days next after the paffing of this A&, or within the Space of Five Days next after he or they ffiall be hereafter feverally appointed to fuch feveral Offices, Situations or Employments, ffiall give Notice in Writing to each and every of the Clerk or Clerks to the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements, or to the Surveyor and Surveyors of the Pavements of each parochial or other Diftrift, beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places wherein the Mains or Pipes of fuch Company, or any of them, ffiall be laid, or there ffiall be any common or public Drains or Sewers within the Jurifdi&ion of fuch Commiffioners of Sewers, of his, their and every of their Chriftian and Surnames and Place or Places of Abode, and of the Company or Commiffioners of Sewers by whom he or they is or are, or hath or have been fo appointed or employed, and alfo of the Place which is appointed as the Office or Counting Houfe of the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers ; and that in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall negle£t to give fuch Notice within the refpe&iive times aforefaid, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending in either of the faid Cafes ffiall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafter dire&ed to be recovered by virtue of this A6t.

XV. And

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

581

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as it fhall appear to any Perfon appointed to a <51 as a Surveyor of Pavements in any parochial or other D.i-ftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this A£t, that any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing belonging to any Water or Gas Light Company, or that any public Sewer beneath the Surface'of the Pavement of any Street or public Place within fuch parochial or other Diftridl, be broken or damaged, it fhall be, lawful for fuch Surveyor, and he is hereby required, to give immediate Notice, figned by himfelf, to the Company or Commiffioners of Sewers to whom it may appear to him that fuch Pipe or Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, .or Sewer, doth or may belong, by either giving fuch Notice to a Clerk or Secretary, or to a Turncock of fuch Company, or to a Clerk or Secretary of fuch Commiffioners of Sewers, or to fome or one of them, or by leaving the fame at the Place or Places of Abode of fome or one of them, or at the Office or Counting Houfe of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, and. (hall require that fuch Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, or Sewer^ be examined, and, if needful, that fuch Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, and fuch Sewer be repaired by fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers; and thatf within Forty eight Hours after fuch Notice fhall be fo given or left as aforefaid, the faid Company or Commiffioners pf Sewers, to or for whom, or to or for whofe Officer or Servant fuch Notice fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, fhall caufe to be taken up the Pavement of the Street or public Place beneath which the Pipe, Stopcock,. Plug or other defective Thing, or Sewer, fhall be, and fhall caufe the Ground to be opened,, and fhall alfo caufe the faid Pipe,- Stopcock, Plug or other Thing to be fubflantially repaired, , altered, amended or renewed, or the faid Sewer to be examined, ana/, if necefiary, to be fubflantially repaired, and the Ground properly filled in with hard Rubbifh or other good Materials, and rammed downf, within Forty eight Hours next after, fuch Notice fhall be given or left as aforefaid, or with all convenient Expedition, in the Judgment of the Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein fuch Pavement, Street, or public Place fhall be fituate, and to their Satisfa&ion, or the Satisfaction of any Three or more of them and alfo within Twelve Hours, after fuch Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing fhall be fo fubflantially repaired, altered, amended or renewed, or fuch Sewer fhall be fo fubflantially repaired, and the Ground above the fame fhall be fo filled in and rammed down, the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers fhall caufe Notice thereof, iigned by the Clerk or Secretary to fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, to be given to the faid Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors or other Perfons then employed or appointed by the Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diflrid, to pave and repair the Pavements within fuch parochial or other Diflrift, as the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons for the time being may from time to time. direCf, that fuch Examination, and, if necef-fary,. fuch Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, hath been made purfuant to fuch Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements, and that the Ground hath been refilled and rammed down, that the Pavement in fuch Street or public Place may be forthwith relaid in

P p 3	the

Surveyor may require Repair of Pipes and Drains when defective.

Notice to be given to repair them.

f Sit,

To be done -within 48 Hours from Notice; f Sic. .

and Notice thereof to Commiffioners, &c.

Hosted by Google

-582

Company to whom the Pipes belong not repairing and giving Notice thereof to Surveyor, &c.

Firft Offence.

Second Offence. Subfequent Offence. Penalty.

Where Notice not made to the proper Company,

Proceeding!’.

C.xxix.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817*

the manner directed by this Aft ; and in cafe the Water or Ga3 Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers, to or for whom fuch Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, and to whom fuch Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing or Sewer, referred to in fuch Notice fhall belong, fhall negleft to caufe the fame to be repaired, altered or amended, or renewed, as the cafe may be, and the Ground to be filled in and rammed down to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diltrift, or any Three or more of them, within the time hereinbefore limited and appointed for thofe Purpofes, or fhall negleft to give or caufe to be given Notice thereof as aforefaid to the faid Surveyor of the Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors, or other Perfons employed or appointed by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftrift, to pave and repair the Pavement within fuch parochial or other Diftrift ; then the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers fhall for the firft Negleft and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the fecond Negleft and Offence fhall forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every fubfequent Negleft and Offence fhall forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are direfted to be recovered by virtue of this Aft.

XVL Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe it fhall happen and it fhall be difcovered, after any Pavement in any Street or public Place fhall have been taken up, and the Ground fhall have been opened, that any Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, beneath the Surface of the Pavement of any Street or public Place, which fnall have appeared to any Surveyor of Pavements to require to be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, fhall not belong to the Water or Gas Company to or for whom fuch Notice for the Preparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal thereof as aforefaid fhall have been given or left as is hereinbefore direfted by the faid Surveyor, but to fome other Water or Gas Company, or to fome other Perfons, then fuch Company to or for whom the faid Notice of the faid Surveyor of Pavements fhall have been given or left, within Twenty four Hours after the Notice from the faid Surveyor of Pavements fnall have been given or left as aforefaid, fhall caufe a Notice, figned by the Secretary or Clerk, to be given in the fame manner hereinbefore direfted as to the Service of the original Notice to the Company or other Perfons to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing fhall appear to belong, which did appear to the faid Surveyor of Pavements to require Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, and fhall thereby require them to obey and perform and comply with the faid original Notice from the faid Surveyor of Pavements, inftead of the Company to whom fuch original Notice had been given; and that fuch Company or other Perfons to whom fuch Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing fhall belong, fhall reim-burfe and pay on Demand to the firft mentioned Company to or for whom the original Notice may have been given or left, the reafonable Cofts and Charges which they fhall have incurred in and about taking up the Pavements and opening fhe Ground, and fhall obey, execute, and perform the faid original Notice of the faid Surveyor, and the Directions of this Aft relating thereto, in fuch and the fame manner,

and

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.	57° GEO. III.	C. xxix.	583

and within fuch and the fame time, in all refpe&s, as if the faid original Notice from the faid Surveyor had been given to them \ and Penalty, they fhall be liable to and fhall incur the fame Penalties and Forfeitures on Negledl fo to do, as they ought to have done, or would have been liable to, and would have incurred, if the faid original Notice had been given to them in manner before directed ; and that Company open-the Company by whom the Pavements fhall be firft taken up and the ^vjn^No-H* Ground fhall be opened, who fhall negleft to give the Notices hereby ™(fompan/io* required to the Company to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or wh0m Pipe other Thing which fhall appear to the Surveyor of the Pavements belongs, to require Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, fhall appear to belong, in manner hereinbefore diredled, fhall for the firft Firft Offence. Negleft and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and Second Offence, for the fecond Neglect and Offence fhall forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every fubfequent Subfequent Negle£t and Offence fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, Offence, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and For- ena feitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adf.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever after the paffing Repairs and of this A£t any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commiflioners Works by pora-of Sewers, purfuant to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, fhall executed -with ^ take up or caufe to be taken up any Pavement of any Street or ^ convenient public Place in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidfion Expedition; of this A eft, or fhall place in any Street or public Place any Pipes or other Materials and Things, for the Purpofe of executing any Works beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or otherwife, all and every fuch Works fhall be executed and completed within fuch reafonable time as the Commiflioners or Truftees, or any other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in fuch parochial or other Diftri£t, or any Three or more of them, fhall from time to time and at any time direct and appoint; and alfo, that all fuch Pipes or other Materials and Things fhall be and remain on the Surface of any fuch Street or public Place, and of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftri£i, for no longer Period than fhall be unavoidably neceffary in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or any Three or more of them ; and alfo that the fame and pipes, &rc. Pipes or other Materials and Things fhall be from time to time and removed at all times removed and taken away off and from the Surface of any and every Street or public Place by the Water or Gas Light Company, or Commiflioners of Sewers, or by the Officers or Servants of the Company, or Commiflioners of Sewers, by whom or by whofe Order, or by whofe Officers or Servants, or for whofe Offices or Works, all or any fuch Pipes or other Materials or Things fhall have been brought to and placed on the Surface of fuch Streets or public Places, or any of them, and at their Cofts and Charges, within Forty within Forty eight Hours after fuch Company or Commiflioners of Sewers fhall eight Hours on have been required to remove and take away the fame by the Com- ^0tice-miffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridf, or any Three or more of them, by a Notice flgned by Three or more of fuch Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, and given to fuch Company or Commiflioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling

P p 4?	Houfe

584

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.18I7.

Neglecting to comply with Notice.

Offence.

Second Offence.

Subfequent

Offence.

Penalty.

Rubbifh and Obftru£tions occafioned in Streets by the Repairs of Pipes, ivvC. to be fpeedily removed

on Notice-

Negle&ing,

Houfe or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by fuch Company, or of a Clerk or Secretary to fuch Commiffioners of Sewers, or at the Office or Counting Houfe of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers ; and that in cafe any Company or Commiffioners of Sewers (hall at any time or times neglect to comply with any and every fuch Notice, and to obey all and every the Directions which the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or~ other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other DiftriCt, or any of them, are by this ACt authorized and empowered to give, then and in every or any fuch cafe fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers {hall for the Firft NegleCt and Offence forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second NegleCt and Offence fhall forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the Third and every fubfequent NegleCt and Offence fhall forfeit and (hall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACL

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Dirt, Gravel, Filth? Rubbifh and other Things, which at any time or times after the palling of this ACt fhall be placed, colle&ed or occafioned by or by means of any Water or Gas Light Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or of any Repairs or other Works executed and performed or intended to be executed and performed by their Officers or Servants, or by their Orders or Directions, or on their Account, in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, by the taking up of the Pavement of fuch Streets or public Places, or any of them, or by opening the Ground beneath the, Surface of fuch Streets or public Places, or by the Execution of the Works of any Water or Gas Eight Company or otherwife, or which fhall be in anywife confequent thereon or incidental thereto, in the Judgment of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or any Three or more of them, fhall be from time to time and at all times collected and removed and carried away, by or at the Colls and Charges of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, with all practicable Expedition, and to the Satisfaction of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or any Three or more of them \ and that fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers fhall efpecially fo do whenever they fhall be required fo to do by any Notice from fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or any Three of them, or from any Surveyor of the Pavements appointed by them, figned by them or him and given to fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting Houfe of fuch Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any fuch Commiffioners of Sewers; and that in cafe any fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers fhall negleCt to colle£t, carry away and remove, or caufe to be collected, carried away and removed, from all and every fuch Streets and public Places, all fuch Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbifh and other Things whatfoever, within Twenty four

Hours

C. xxix.

585

57° GEO. III.

Hours after any fuch Notice {hall be from time to time given or left as aforefaid, to the Satisfaction of fuch Commilfioners or Truftees, or other Perfons by whom any fuch Notice (hall be figned, then the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers fhall for every fuch Negled and Offence forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered and applied by virtue of this Aft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at all times after the pafhng of this Aft, all and every Water or Gas Light Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, who /hall take up or fhall caufe or direft the taking up of any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrifl within the Jurif-di&ion of this Aft, for the Purpofe of laying down or repairing any Pipe or other Thing, or any Sewer or Drain beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or for executing any other Works or otherwife, from time to time and at all times, from the Commencement until the Completion of all and every fuch Works, and from the breaking up of the faid Pavement of any Street or public. Place until the fame Pavement fhall be relaid and repaved, at their Colls and Charges (uniefs the faid Works fhall be completed during the Day on which the faid Works (hall be commenced) ffiall place or caufe to be placed fuch Pofts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, in any and every fuch Street or public Place, and adopt and execute all fuch other Means for the Prevention of any Accidents or Mifchief to any Paffengers, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, and every other public Inconvenience, to the Satisfaction of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Favements of the parochial or other DiftriCt wherein any fuch Street or public Place fhall be fituate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements, or other Officer or Perfon appointed by them, in the manner and whenever from time to time fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers fhall be required fo to do by fuch Surveyor of the Pavements, or any Officer or Perfon appointed by the Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, by any Notice to be figned by him or them, and given to fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by fuch Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any fuch Commiffioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting Houfe of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers ; and that in cafe any fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, for Three Hours after any fuch Notice as aforefaid, figned as aforefaid, be given or left as aforefaid, fhall negleft to place, or {hall neglect to continue for the time before limited, in any Street or public Place, fuch Pofts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, or to adopt and execute any and every other Means for the Purpofes aforefaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other DiftriCt wherein any fuch Street or public Place ffiall be fituate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements or other Officer or Perfon appointed by them, by whom any fuch Notice ffiall be figned, purfuant to and in the manner direded by any fuch Notice as aforefaid given or left as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Company or Commiffioners of

Sewers

Penalty 5L

Bars, Watchmen and other Securities are to be provided during Repairs of Pavement:*, to prevent Accidents,

on Notice.

Neglecting,

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

renalty 51.

Breaches in the Pavement may be inclofed by Surveyor.

By whom coPs paid.

Stand Cocks placed dining Ftofts3

to the Satisfaction of Surveyor.

Penalty 203.

Work3 negle&ed by Companies, &c.

Sewers fhall for every fuch NegleCt and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be alfo recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACt.

XX. And be it hereby further enabled, That in cafe at any time or times hereafter any Pavement in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DillriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt fhall by the breaking or falling in or Decay of any Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourfe, or any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, become broken or irregular, fo as to be dangerous or hazardous to Palfengers or Carriages, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavements for any fuch parochial or other Difbri6t to caufe and direct fuch Part of the Pavements of any Streets or Public Places as he fhall deem fo dangerous or hazardous to be forthwith inclofed, in fuch manner, by fuch Perfons, and with fuch Materials as he may direct, and as may be needful to prevent fuch Danger and Hazard to Palfengers or Carriages ; and that the Coils and Charges incurred thereabouts fhall be afcertained and determined by him, and fhall be paid and difcharged by the Commiffioners of Sewers, Water or Gas Company, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom the Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourfe, Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing fo broken, fallen in or decayed, and by the Breach, falling in or Decay whereof fuch Breach or Irregularity of the Pavements as aforefaid may have been occafioned, and fhall and may be certified to them or him, and be paid by them or him within the time, and fhall and may be recovered from them or him in fuch and the fame mariner as is by this ACt directed, limited and authorized as to any Monies to become due from any Perfons whom-foever for the Coils and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DillriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That no Water Company whofe Mains or Pipes fhall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DillriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, fhall place or fet up, or caufe to be placed or fet up, any Stand Cock or Pump, or other Xnftrurnent, Machine or Thing, for the Supply of Water in times of Froft or otherwife, in any public Street or Place within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, which fhall be furnifhed with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, to be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for fuch parochial or other DiftriCl for the time being ; and that any Water Company who fhall fet up or caufe to be fet up any other Stand Cock, Pump or other Inflrument, Machine or Thing, furnifhed with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, in any Street or public Place, and which fhall not be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for fuch parochial or other DiflriCt, fhall forfeit and fhall pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter direCled to be recovered by virtue of this ACt*

XXII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Water or Gas Eight Company, or Commiffioners of Sewers, at any time or times after the paffing of this ACt, fhall negleCt to take up the Pavement

14	in

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

587

in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this A61 ; or to open any Ground beneath the Surface of fuch Street or public Place ; or fubftantially to repair, alter, amend or renew any Pipe, Plug, Stopcock or other Thing, or any public Sewer, as the cafe may be ; or to give the Notices required by this A61 to any other Company, or to any Paviors, Surveyors of Pavements or other Perfons; or to remove or take away any Pipes or other Materials or Things from any Street or public Place; or to colledl and carry away or remove all Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbifh and other Things, from any Street or public Place ; or to place and continue Pods, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, in any Street or public Place ; or to do and execute all and every fuch Works and Things, and all or any other Works and Things diredled and required by this A 61 to be done and executed by any fuch Company or Commillioners of Sewers, and purfuant to any Notice given or left as herein diredted by any Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi ; or by the Surveyors of Pavements, or other Officers or Perfons appointed by them or otherwife, and to their refpedlive Satisfaction, and within the feveral times and Periods fpecified and directed by this Act; then and in every or any of fuch cafes, and at all times afterwards, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavement of the parochial or other Diftridl wherein the Street or public Place fhall be fituate as to which any fuch Neglect ffiall occur, and all and every fuch Surveyors are hereby empowered and required, forthwith to caufe all and every fuch feveral Works, Matters and Things, which ffiall not be executed and performed by every fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or which ffiall not be well, fubftantially and effectually executed and performed to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he or they ffiall be appointed, within the times and Periods limited by this Act, to be well and effectually performed, to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as afore-faid, as herein provided, at the Cofts and Charges of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers who ffiall have fo neglected well, fubftantially and effectually to perform and execute the fame, and every of them, and every Part thereof; and that fuch Cofts and Charges and every of them ffiall be reimburfed and paid by any and every fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to the Perfon or Perfons employed by him or them to perform and execute any or every of fuch Works, or to the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftrict within which fuch Works ffiall be performed and executed, or to their Treafurer, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons ffiall from time to time appoint to receive the fame; and that the Amount of fuch Cofts and Charges, and of the Monies fo to be paid, being directed by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, ffiall be afcertained and notified, and certified and recovered, (over and above all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred for any fuch Negledl by virtue of this A61,) in the fame manner in which any Cofts and

Charge*

may be executed by Surveyors of Pavements.

Charges reimburfed to Surveyor by CommiHioners,

The Amount thereof nfcer-tained and recovered.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

C. xxix.

Pavements taken up by Companies, See. to be relaid by Commiflioners of Pavements.

Charges thereof afeertained and certified,

Charges which may be incurred, and any Monies which may become due, for and about and in refpedl of the relaying or repairing of any Pavements hereafter broken or taken up in any Streets or public Places by or by the Direction or on Account of any Company, Com-miffioners of Sewers or other Perfons, are to be afeertained and notified and certified, and may be recovered by virtue of this A61.

XXIII. And be it further ena6led, That when and as often as any Pavement of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdi&ion of this A 61 fhall be broken or taken up by any Water or Gas Light Company, or by any Commiflioners of Sewers, or by any Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or under their re-fpe6tive Orders or Authorities, or by any other Perfon or Perfons by the Directions of this A£t, or by and with or without the Con-fent of the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftri6t wherein any Street or public Place {hall be fituate, the Pavements whereof or any Part whereof fhall be broken or taken up, then all fuch Part and Parts of the Pavements of any fuch Street or public Place which from time to time and at all times (hall be fo broken or taken up as aforefaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto, as far as may be rendered neceflary in the Judgment of a Surveyor of Pavements to fuch Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftri6t, and after the Ground opened fhall be refilled and rammed down purfuant to the Dire6tions of this A6t, fhall be with all convenient Speed completely and fubftantially repaved, with all neceflary Stones, Ballaft, Gravel and other Materials, and fhall be kept in complete Repair, by the Pavior or Mafon then contra&ing with or employed by fuch Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they may from time to time appoint for that Purpofe, under the Infpe6tion and Dire&ion and to the Satisfa6tion of the faid Surveyor of Pavements to the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, for the Periods following ; (that is to fay,) all fuch Part or Parts of the Pavements of any fuch Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times fhall be fo broken or taken up as aforefaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforefaid, which fhall be fo broken or taken up for the Purpofe of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of fubftituting Iron for Wooden Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Twelve Calendar Months next enfuing the breaking and taking up of the fame Pavements ; and all fuch Part or Parts of the Pavements of any fuch Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times fhall be fo broken or taken up as aforefaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforefaid, which fhall be fo broken or taken up for the Purpofe of altering the Pofition of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of repairing, cleanfing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Three Calendar Months next enfuing the breaking and taking up the fame Pavements ; and that the Cofts, Charges and Expences of taking out any Ground, and filling in hard Rubbifh or other good Materials, and of repairing and keeping in neceflary Repair for the Periods aforefaid all or any fuch Pavement in manner aforefaid, and all the Expences of Cartage, and all other Charges and Expences attending the fame, as well as all Cofts and Charges which may be incurred purfuant to the Dire6tions of this A6t by any Sur,-

veyor

Hosted by Google

sr GEO. III.

a xxix.

589

veyor of Pavements in and about executing and performing any Works or Matters neglected to be executed and performed by any Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, as hereinbefore directed, fhall be afcertained and fixed from time to time by the Surveyor of Pavements to fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons within whofe parochial or other Diftridl fuch Works or other Matters fhall have been performed and executed, or fuch Pavements fhall have been broken up and repaved ; and fuch Colls and Charges from time to time, whenever diredled by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons, fhall be certified by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or one of them, or forne other Officer or Servant appointed by them, by a Note to be given to the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers or other Perfons who fhall have negledted to perform and execute fuch Works, or by v/hom or by whofe Orders or Authorities or on whofe Account fuch Pavement fhall have been broken or taken up, or to be left for fuch Company,

Commiffioners of Sewrers, or other Perfon or Perfons, at their Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes, or Place or Places of Abode, or at any Office or Counting Houfe of any fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or at the Dwelling Houfe or Place cf Abode of any Secretary, Clerk or Turncock employed by fuch Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any fuch Commiffioners of Sewers ; and and repaid to that the full Amount of the Cofts and Charges fo certified fhall be tbem by/ucl1 paid within Two Months after the fame Note fhall be given or left ComPan,e£> as aforefaid, by fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers, or other Perfon or Perfons to or for whom the fame Note fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, to the Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Trea-furer to fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, or to the Mafon or Pavior or other Perfon or Perfons by whom any fuch Works or Matters fhall have been done and performed, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, by the faid Note of their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Servant, fhall direct and appoint to receive the fame, or any Part thereof; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons fo appointed to receive the fame fhall be a good and effectual Difcharge or Difcharges for any and every fuch Payment, and for all and every the Monies in any fuch Receipt or Receipts exprefled and acknowledged to have been received ; and alfo that in cafe at any time or times the full Amount of fuch Cofts and Charges fo certified as aforefaid fhall not be fo fully paid without any Dedudfion or Abatement whatfoever, within Two Months after fuch Noteas aforefaid fhall have been given or left f aforefaid, and although no other j-S/V. Demand fhall be made of any fuch Amount or Cofts and Charges, or any Part thereof, then from time to time and at all times afterwards it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, to recover Double the Amount of fuch Cofts and Charges fo cer- 0r Double the tilled and being unpaid, of and from the Company or Commiffioners Amount .reco-of Sewrers, or other Perfon or Perfons to or for whom fuch Note vercd-fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, either by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Company or Commiffioners of Sewers or other Perfon or Perfons, by a Warrant under the Hand Proceedings, and Seal of any Jultice of the Pe^oe for the City, Borough or County "	wherein

Hosted by Google

•">90

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

NecefTary Paving Rates may be made by Perfons herein mentioned;

wherein fuch parochial or other Diftrid fhall be fituate, and which Warrant every fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof of the Service of fuch Note as aforefaid, and of the Nonpayment of the Cofts and Charges thereby certified, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Perfon who fhall have left any fuch Note as directed by this Ad, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Perfon or Perfons appointed by fuch Note to receive fuch Cofts and Charges of the Nonpayment thereof, and every Part thereof, to him or them, and which Oath or Affirmation any and every fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to adminifter, or to recover the fame and every Part thereof in any Court or Courts of Requefts or County Court, or by any Adion, or Adions in any Court of Law ; and that in any fuch Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requefts or County Court, or in any fuch Adion or Adions, it fhall be only neceffary for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or the Complainant or Complainants, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any fuch Proceedings or Adions, to prove the Service'of fuch Note purfuant to the Diredions of this Ad, to entitle him or them to recover by fuch Proceedings, or by fucli Adion or Adions, from the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers or other Perfon or Perfons, Double the full Amount of fuch Cofts and Charges fo certified by fuch Note, unlefs the faid Company or Commiffioners of Sewers or other Perfon or Perfons fhall prove, upon the Return of the Summons in fuch Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requefts or County Court, or on the Trial of fuch Adion or Adions, the adual Payment of the full Amount of the Cofts and Charges fo certified, within Two Months after the faid Note was left as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons thereby appointed to receive the fame ; and that in any and every fuch Adion or Adions, no Effoign, Protedion or Wager of Law, or Plea in Abatement, or any dilatory Plea, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enaded, That it may be lawful to and for the Perfons, who, under any local Ad or Ads of Parliament for any parochial or other Diftrid vvilhin the Juriididion of this Ad, are empowered to make Rates and Affeffments for the Expences of paving or keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftrids, either feparately or jointly with other Purpofes, from time to time and at all times after the palling of this Ad, for and notwithftanding any Provifions or Reftridions, Matters or Things, in fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament contained, to make and fign all and every or any fuch Rates or Affeffments as fhall be from time to time neceffary or expedient for paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftrid, purfuant to the Diredion of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament for fuch parochial or other Diftrid, or of this Ad ; and for the Payment of all Debts or Charges heretofore incurred or hereafter to be incurred in and about the Execution of fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament and of this Ad, or either of them, as to the paving and repairing the Pavements of and in fuch parochial or other Diftrid ; and for the Payment of any Intereft or Annuities charged or chargeable on the Paving Rates of the faid parochial or other Diftrid, or for the Payment of any principal Monies which may be due in refped thereof, either feparately or jointly for other Purpofes, as to fuch

Perfons

Hosted by Google

A.D. I817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

591

Perfons lhall feem reafonable and proper, not exceeding in Amount in any one Year double the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local Aft or A6ls of Parliament for fuch parochial or other Diftri61 as the Rate or Rates in the Pound which may be made for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either feparately or jointly with any other Objects or Purpofes ; except in fuch parochial or other Diftri61s wherein the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local A61 or A6ls of Parliament for each of fuch parochial or other Diftridfs, as fuch Rate or Rates in the Pound, are at the time of the palling of this A61 limited and fixed at a Sum not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound, and in any fuch parochial or other Diftri6t not exceeding in Amount in any one Year treble the Sum or Sums in the Pound fo limited and fixed ; and that fuch Rates or AfTelfments may be either fubftituted for the Rates or Aflelfments directed by fuch local A 61 or Acts of Parliament to be made for or in refpedf of the paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diflridf, either feparately or exclufively or jointly with any other Ob-jedts or Purpofes, or may be additional thereto, as the Perfons making the faid Rates or Alfelfments from time to time at the making thereof may determine and direct; and that fuch Rates and Alfelfments, and alfo all Rates or AlTelTments made and figned from and after the palling of this A61, for and in refpedt of or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftri61, and either feparately or jointly with or towards any other Obje61s or Purpofes, by virtue of any local A61 or A6ls of Parliament, or by virtue of this A61, lhall be laid upon all and every Perfon or Perfons who do and lhall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Polfeflion of or enjoy, any Melfuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes or other Buildings or Hereditaments, fituate or being within any of the Streets or Places within the faid parochial or other Diftri61, and lhall be juft and equal Pound Rates, and lhall be laid according to the annual Rents or Value of fuch Melfuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes or other Buildings and Hereditaments refpe&ively ; and alfo that all Rates or Affeffrnents hereafter made by virtue of this A6t lhall be made and figned and allowed and pub-lifhed by the fame Perfons and in the fame manner as hath been dire&ed by the local A61 or A 61s of Parliament relating to each particular parochial or other Diftrift, as to the Rates or Alfeff-ments for fuch parochial or other Diftri61 for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either feparately or jointly with any other Obje61s and Purpofes, by fuch local A6i or A6ts of Parliament; and that all fuch Rates or Aflelf-ments, being fo made and figned and allowed and published (when fuch Signature, Allowance and Publication lhall be necelfary), lhall be good and effe6tual; and that all and every fuch Rates and Alfeff-ments to be made by virtue of this A61, or to be hereafter made by virtue of any local A61 or A6fs of Parliament, for any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdi&ion of this A61, lhall become due and payable and may be received and recovered as foon as the fame lhall have been duly made and figned, publilhed and allowed, when fuch Signature, Publication and Allowance lhall be necelfary under

any

not exceeding is. in the Pound.

Upon whom laid.

Laid according' to Annual Rent or Value, and to be publilhed, &c.

Hosted by Google

5.92

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

At what times, and how colledt-td.

Provifo for Occupiers of public Wharfs in Southwark.

Separate Rates may be made for other Objects.

To whom to be ..-aid.

If adequate Rates be not otherwil'e made,

any local Adi or Adis of Parliament for any fuch parochial or other Diflridl ; but that the fame may be colledled in one or feveral Payments, or yearly or half yearly, or quarterly, as the Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places of any fuch parochial or other Diftridt* fhall from time to time think proper and dirett: Provided neverthe-leis, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to render the Inhabitants and Occupiers of public Wharfs within the Town and Borough of Southwark liable to a greater Proportion of fuch Rates or AfTefTments than they now are liable to under the local Adts of Parliament relating to the Pavements and Improvements of the faid Town and Borough of Southwark.

XXV. Provided always, and be it alfo enadled, That in any parochial or other Diflridl wherein by virtue of the local Adi or Adis of Parliament One general Rate or AfTeffment only is directed to be made for the paving and repairing of the Pavements therein, as well as for other Objects and Purpofes mentioned in fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament, it may be lawful to and for the Perfons authorized by fuch local Adi or Adis to make fuch Rate or AfTeffment, to make and fign from time to time fuch feparate Rates or Affeff-ments for the other Objedls and Purpofes mentioned in fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament, and to make and fign fuch other feparate Rate or AfTeffment as may be neceffary for the Purpofes of paving or repairing the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diflridl, and for the Payment of any Interefl or Annuities chargeable thereon, or for the Payment of any principal Monies due or which may become due in refpedl thereof under and by virtue of this Adi, or fhall and may make and fign from time to time general Rates or AfTefTments, as well for and towards the Expences of and concerning the paving or repairing the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diflridl, for all and every or any of the other Objedls and Purpofes relating to the faid parochial or other Diflridl mentioned in any fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament, as fuch Perfons authorized by fuch local Adi or Adis to make fuch Rates or AfTefTments fhall from time to time deem mofl expedient ; and that the Monies to be raifed under and by virtue of fuch feveral feparate Rates or AfTefTments, or general Rates or AfTefTments, when and as they fhall be colledled and received, or any Portions of fuch general Rates or AfTefTments, fhall be either paid to One Treafurer or other PerTon or Perfons, and be coniidered as One general Fund, to be applied to the Purpofes mentioned in fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament and in this Adi, or fhall be paid to different Treafurers or other Perfon or Perfons, and be confidered as feparate and diflindl Funds, to be applied in Part for and towards the Expences of and concerning the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in each of fuch parochial or other Diftridls, and in other Part towards the other Objedls and Purpofes for which the feveral feparate Rates and AfTefTments or general Rates or AfTefTments fhall be made, as the Perfons authorized to make fuch feparate Rates or Affeff-ments, or fuch general Rates or AfTefTments, from time to time at the making and figning thereof may determine and diredt.

XXVI. And be it further enadled, That if the Perfons authorized by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament for any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi to make the Rates and AfTefTments for and towards the. Expences of paving or keeping in

Repair

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

593

Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftridl, jointly or feparately with any other Objects or Purpofes, fhall refufe or negledl to make fuch Rates or Af-feffments from time to time as fhall be neceffary for paving and repairing the Pavements of and within fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and for the Payment of any Intereft or Annuities charged on the paving or other Rates of fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and for the Difcharge of any Debts due and demandable in refpedl of the Pavements thereof, and for all the Purpofes of this Adi, after defraying the Charges and Expences attendant upon and of the other Objedls and Purpofes for which any fuch Rates or AfTefTments may from time to time be made, then and in every fuch cafe, and fo often as it fhall happen, it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and they are hereby required, fo meet together, and having afcertained the Money neceffary to be raifed for the Purpofes aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or fuch Number of them as, under and by virtue of their particular local Adt or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, fhall be competent to adl, or more of them, fhall make and flgn fuch juft and equal Pound Rates or AfTefTments CommilTioners, as may from time to time be needful to produce and obtain fuch &c. may make Money neceffary to be raifed for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and that l3°und Rates, fuch Rates or AfTefTments fhall be made and allowed andpublifhed in the manner before directed as to Rates and AfTefTments to be made by virtue of this Adt, where any Allowance or Publication fhall be neceffary under any local Adl or Adis of Parliament for any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and which Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AfTefTments, being fo made and figned, publifhed and allowed, when fuch Signature, Publication or Allowance fhall be neceffary as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual, and fhall and may be collected and levied in like manner, as if the fame had been made and figned by the Perfons authorized to make and flgn fuch paving or other Rates or AfTefTments for fuch parochial or other Diftridl by virtue of any local Adt or Adis of Parliament; any fuch Adi or Adis, or any other Cuftom, Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII. And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be law- Other Rates ful to and for the Clerk or Clerks, or any other Perfon or Perfons rnay infpedfc-appointed by the Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfonis hav^ ing the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in p^n^Rates* any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, under any local Adi or Adts of Parliament, or by the Perfons authorized by any fuch local Adt or Adis of Parliament, or by virtue of this Adi, to make any Rates or AfTefTments for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, either feparately or jointly with any other Objedls or Purpofes as hereinbefore is mentioned, at any time or times between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Day not being a Sunday, or an Holiday appointed by Law, to perufe, examine and infpedl the Book or Books of the Rates or AfTefTments for the Relief of the Poor, or tor the Land or Affeffed Taxes, or of any other public, parliamentary, parochial or local Tax affedting or 57 Geo. III.	Q	q	charged

Hosted by Google

594

C’. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

and Copies taken at the Expence of Co;nmil-oners, 5<c.

Rites to he produced on Notice.

Penally 51.

Property in different Diilridts to be proportionally a defied.

charged upon or in proportion to the MefTuages or Hereditaments inhabited, held or occupied by any Perfon or Perfons within any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, in order that thereby the Names of fuch Perfons liable to be affeffed to fuch paving or other Rates or AfTefTments, and the MefTuages or Hereditaments in refpedt whereof fuch Perfon or Perfons fhould be charged to fuch Rates or Affeff-ments, and the Value of fuch MefTuages or Hereditaments, may be more corredtly afeertained; and that fuch Clerk or Clerks or other Perfon or Perfons fo appointed, at the Expence of the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he or they fhall be employed or appointed may then take Copies or Extradts from fuch Books and Rates and AfTefTments at his or their Pleafure ; and the Clerk or Clerks, Colledtor or Colledtors, or other Perfons having the -Cuftody or Power over fuch Books and Rates and AfTefTments, fhall and he and they is and are hereby diredted to produce the Tame, and all and every of them, whenever thereunto required by the Clerk or Clerks or other Perfons To appointed as aforefaid for the Pur-pofes aforefaid, by a Notice figned by fuch Clerk or Clerks or other Perfon or Perfons fo appointed as aforefaid, given to or left for him or them, or any of them, at his or their or any of their Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes, Office or Offices, or laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, at the Hour and on the Day and at the Dwelling Houfe or Office mentioned in fuch Notice ; and that if fuch Clerk or Clerks, Colledtor or Colledtors, or other Perfon or Perfons having for the time being the Cuftody or Power of fuch Book or Books, Affeffment or AfTefTments, fhall negledt fo to do, then he or they fhall forfeit for fuch Offence and Negledt and fhall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinafter diredted to be recovered by virtue of this Adt.

XXVIII. And be it further enadted. That if any MefTuages or other Hereditaments fhall be partly within Two or more parochial or other Diftridts within the Jurifdidtion of this A<ft, or partly within any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, and partly without fuch Jurifdidtion, then the Inhabitant, Holder or Occupier thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons liable to be rated in refpedt thereof, fhall be rated and affeffed to the Rates and AfTefTments to be made by virtue of any local Adt or Adts of Parliament relating to the Pavements of each of fuch parochial or other Diftridts, jointly or feparately with any other Objedts or Purpofes, or by virtue of this Adi, to the paving and other fuch Rates and AfTefTments, for each of fuch parochial or other Diftridts, for a proportionable Part of the Rent or Value thereof, according to the Quantity or Extent or Value of the Part of any fuch MefTuages or other Hereditaments which may be in each of fuch parochial or other Diftridts ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for any Commiflioners or Truftees, or any other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in each of fuch parochial or other Diftridts, and they are hereby refpedtively authorized and required, to afeertain, fettle and determine in what Proportion of the Rent or Value of fuch MefTuages or Hereditaments fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be rated and affeffed and fhall pay towards the faid paving and other Rates or AfTefTments of each of fuch parochial or other Diftridts refpedtively.

11	XXIX.	And

AJX1817.

5r GEO. III.

C. xxix.

595

XXIX.	And be it further enabled. That if it /hall appear to the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, at any time or times after any Paving Rate or AfTeffment fhall have been duly made, or made and allowed, by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament for their parochial or other Diftridt, or by virtue of this Aft, that the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who ought to be included in fuch Rate or AfTeffment hath or have been omitted therein, or that the Name or Names of fome Perfon or Perfons hath or have been inferted in fuch Rate or AfTeffment as Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Meffuages or Hereditaments, for and in refpeft of which fome other Perfon or Perfons ought to have been rated or affeffed, or that any other Alteration or Amendment of fuch Rate or AfTeffment may be neceffary, then and in any or either of fuch cafes it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons, to add or infert, or caufe to be added and inferted, to or in fuch Rate or AfTeffment, the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo omitted, together with the Sum or Sums for which he or they ought to be rated and affeffed, and the Amount of fuch Rate or AfTeffment in refpeft thereof; and alfo to infert and fubftitute, or caufe to be inferted and fubftituted, the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons as may be the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Meffuages or Hereditaments, in-ftead of and for the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons incorre6tly inferted in fuch Rate or AfTeffment as the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Meffuages or Hereditaments, and otherwife from time to time to alter and amend the faid Rate and AfTeffment as they may from time to time deem neceffary; and that every fuch Addition, Infertion, Alteration and Amendment, to or in any fuch Rate or AfTeffment, fhall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes, and the Monies charged to any Perfon or Perfons in confequence thereof fhall and may be demanded, received and recovered in the fame manner as if the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or other Alteration or Amendment, had been inferted and made in fuch Rate or Affeff-ment at the time of or previous to the original making or Signature or Allowance or Publication thereof, where any Signature or Allowance or Publication may be required by the faid local Aft or Afts.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That it may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift. within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, to include in any Rate or AfTeffment for or towards the Cofts and Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of and within fuch parochial or other Diftrift) either jointly or feparately with any other Objefts or Purpofes, to be hereafter made by virtue of the refpeftive local Aft or Afts relating to the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrift, or to fuch Pavements and other Objefts, or by virtue of this Aft, and from time to time to rate and affels thereby any Cathedral, collegiate or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houfes, Places for Religious Worffiip, Hofpitals, public Schools, and all other public Buildings within each of fuch parochial or other Diftrifts, which now is or hereafter may be built,

Q q 2	and

Commiffioners, &c. may redtify Omiffions or Errors in Paving Rates.

Public Buildings to be rated.

Cathedrals, Churches, Hof-pitals, f/c.

Hosted by Google

596

C'.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Church Yards, Dead Walls, &c.

| Sic.

By whom Rates paid for Carhe-dials, Scc.;

for Holpitals ;

for public Schools;

Seffior.s HoufeSj &c.;

for Cemeteries, &c. not being parochial;

and all other Place or Places which by any local Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to any particular parochial or other Diftrift may be or are or is liable to be rated or affeffed for thofe Purpofes, or any of them, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot, Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every Street or public Place as (hall or may layf before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to luch Cathedral, collegiate, or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houfes, Places for Religious Worship, Hofpitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings or Place or Places refpeftively, or before, upon or to the Areas or Ground in front of or furrounding or belonging to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Entrance to the fame ; and alfo to rate and affefs thereby all and every the Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground within fuch parochial or other Diftrift, and which are not charged to fuch Rate or Affeffment in refpeft of any MefTuage or other Building whereunto they may be appurtenant, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot and Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every fuch Street or public Place as fliall or may layf before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to fuch Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof; and that every of the faid Rates or Affeffments fo made from time to time (hall be paid for fuch Cathedral, collegiate or other Churches, parochial and other Chapels* Meeting Houfes, Places for Religious Worfhip, Hofpitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings, Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, by the Perfons following; (that is to fay,) the Rates or Affeffments of and for any Cathedral or collegiate Church, by the Dean and Chapter thereof; and of and for any other Churches or parochial Chapels, and Church Yards and parochial Cemeteries, by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens thereof refpeftively for the time being ^ and the Rates or Affeffments of or for any Hofpitals, by the Stewards or Houfekeepers of fuch Hofpitals for the time being ; and the Rates or Afleftments of or for any public Schools, by the , Mafters or Miftreffes of fuch public Schools for the time being; and the Rates or Affeffments of and for any Seflions Houfes or Gaols* or Courts of Juftice, by the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace for the City, Borough or County for the time being ; and the Rates or Affeffments of and for any other public Buildings, by the Houfe-keeper or other Keepers, or other Perfon or Perfons having the Care of fuch other public Buildings as aforefaid for the time being; and that fuch Rates or Affeffments of and for any other Cemeteries or Burial Places, not being parochial, fhall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors thereof refpeftively, or by the Perfons who for the time being fhall receive the Money which fhall be paid for the Interment of the Dead therein ; and fuch Rates or Affeffments of and for any other Chapels or Meeting Houfes and Places for Religious Worfhip (not being parochial) fhall be paid by the Owmer or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof re?

fpeftively,

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

59/

fpedively, or any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall receive or collect any

Money for the Seats or Pews therein, or any other Money arifing

therefrom; and fuch Rates or AfTefTments of and for fuch dead DeadWalls,&c.;

Walls or void Spaces of Ground fhall be paid by the Owner or

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof

refpedively, or the Perfon or Perfons claiming to be the Owner or

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any void Spaces of Ground,

when there fhall be no adual Occupier or Occupiers thereof refpee-

lively, as the Commiffioners or Trufcees or other Perfons having

the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Dif-

trid fhall from time to time direct; and that all and every fuch

Perfons refpedively fhall be charged with and fhall pay fuch Sums

of Money as fhall from time to time be rated, affelfed or impofed

on or in refped of or for the faid Premifes refpedively ; and the any other Place

Rates or AfTefTments for any other Place or Places which by any hy loc^l

fuch local Ad or Ads as aforefaid may be or is or are liable to Acts*

be rated and afTeffed, fhall be paid by fuch Perfon or Perfons,

Officer or Officers, as by the fame local Ad or Ads are direded to

pay the Rates thereby authorized to be made and afTeffed ; and How recovered

that the fame Rates and AfTefTments may be recovered from all and antl applied.

every fuch Perfons refpedively, and be applied, in fuch manner as

other Rates and AffefTme'nts made for and towards the Expences of

paving and repairing the Pavements, either feparately or jointly with

any other Objeds and Purpofes, are direded to be recovered and

applied by any local Ad or Ads relating to the Pavements and

other Objects and Purpofes of fuch parochial or other Dillrid, or

in and by this Ad.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That every Rate or AfTefT- Rates of Present which at any time or times hereafter fhall be made, laid or let ro Am" afTeffed, by virtue of this Adi, or by virtue of any local Ad or Ads ^ abU b &C* of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pave- Landlords, ments of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, and either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Purpofes, for or in refped of any Meffuage or Hereditament which any AmbafTador, Envoy,

Refident Agent, or other public Minifter of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any fuch AmbafTador, Envoy, Refident Agent, or other public Miniller, or any other Perfon who may not be liable by Law to pay fuch Rate or Affeffment, now doth or hereafter fhall inhabit, fhall be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Owner of every fuch Meffuage or Hereditament, who fhall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof; and the fame fhall be recovered from fuch Landlord or Owner in fuch and the fame manner as the other Rates or AfTefTments made by virtue of this Ad, or by virtue of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Purpofes, may be recovered from any other Owner or Occupier of any Meffuages or Hereditaments either by virtue of this Ad or of any fuch local Ad or Ads.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That where any Meffuages Empty Houles, or Hereditaments, at the time of making any of the Rates or A fTefT- how rateable.

Q q 3	ments

C. xxix.

5r GEO. III.

A. D. 1817'.

By whom fuch Rates paid.

Rates may be recovered for fmail Houfes let at fmail Rems, or to weekly or monthly Lodg-eirs.

ments direfted to be made under or by virtue of this Aft, or of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, either exclu-lively or jointly with or for any other Objefts or Purpofes, (hall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons entitled by any local Aft or Afts of Parliament or by this Aft to make fuch Rates or AflefTments for fuch parochial or other Diftrift, to rate and affefs fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments refpeftively at One Half of fuch Rates or AfTeffments during the time only that fuch Mef-fuages or Hereditaments fhall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied $ and alfo in cafe any fuch Premifes, after the making of fuch Rates or AfTeffments, fhall become empty, untenanted or unoccupied, One Half only of fuch Rate or Affeflment fhall be charged on iuch Premifes refpeftively for and during fo long time as the fame fhall continue empty* untenanted and unoccupied $ and then and in any of the faid cafes, the faid Rates or AfTeftments, and all Arrears due thereon, fhall be paid by the Owner or Owners, or by the firft or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof refpeftively ; and in which laft cafe every fuch Tenant or Occupier fhall and may and is hereby authorized to deduft and detain the fame out of his or their Rent or Rents refpeftively, and the Owner or Owners of fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments is and are hereby required to allow fuch Deduftion and Payment out of his or their refpeftive Rent or Rents, and the faid Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, fhall be and is and are hereby acquitted and difcharged of and from fo much of his or their Rent or Rents as fhall be the Amount of any fuch Rates or AffeiT-ments, and all Arrears due thereon fo paid by him or them in refpeft of fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments, during fuch Period as the fame fhall have been empty, untenanted and unoccupied, previous to his or their Tenancy or Occupation thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That as to and for any Meffuages or other Hereditaments in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, the yearly Value of any of which Meffuages or Hereditaments fhall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or which fhall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or fhall be let furnifhed or in Lodgings, or in feparate Apartments, or at Rents which fhall become payable and to be collefted at any fhorter Periods than quarterly, the Owner or Owners of all and every fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments (for the Purpofes of this Aft, but not as to any Settlement which may be gained by any Perfon or Perfons in refpeft of his, her or their renting or occupying fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof,) fhall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier and Occupiers of fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments, and may be rated and affefTed for and in refpeft of the fame accordingly; and that the Perfon or Perfons letting fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments refpeftively, or claiming oi: receiving the Rents and Proceeds thereof, may be from time to time deemed and confidered to be the Owner and Owners thereof; and that all and every fuch Owner and Owners from time to time and at all times hereafter may be rated and aflefled to and by any Rates or AfTeffments made or to be made for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in

Hosted by ^.ooQle

57°.GEO. III.

C. xxix.

599

the parochial or other Diftridt within which fuch MeiTuages or Hereditaments may be fituate, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objedls or Purpofes, either by virtue of any-.local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or of this Adi, as the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch MefTuages or Hereditaments refpedlively, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Rates or AfTefTments by virtue of any fuch local Adi or Adis, or of this Adi, fhall from time to time prefer and determine to rate the adlual Occupier or Occupiers of fuch MeiTuages or Hereditaments refpedlively ; and the Perfon or Perfons fo rated, whether the Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers, fhall from time to time pay or caufe to be paid all and every fuch Rates or AfTefTments in refpedl of fuch MeiTuages or Hereditaments refpedlively ; and upon Nonpayment thereof, fuch Rates or AfTefTments may be levied by the Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedlively, wherefoever they fhall be found, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the fame MeiTuages or Hereditaments refpedlively, and may be otherwife fued for or recovered in like manner in which fuch Rates or AfTefTments may be levied and recovered from any other Perfons by virtue of fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or by virtue of this Adi : Provided always, that no Owner or Owners, nor any Perfon or Perfons, fhall be charged with or liable to pay for and in refpedl of any increafed Rent referved or made payable to him or them for or on account of any Agreement made by fuch Owner or Owners, or Perfon or Perfons, with the adlual Occupier or Occupiers of fuch MeiTuages or Hereditaments, that fuch Owner or Owners or other Perfon or Perfons would pay the feveral Rates or AfTefTments theretofore chargeable upon the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch MeiTuages or Hereditaments refpedlively : And provided alfo, that if the Owner or Owners of any Meffuage or Hereditament, the yearly Value whereof fhall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and which fhall be let to One Tenant only at a Rent which fhall become payable and be colledled only by quarterly Payments, fhall be rated and affefTed as the Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch MefTuage or Hereditament, then upon Requefl in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any fuch Owner or Owners, and a true and full Statement in Writing of the Name of the adlual Tenant or Occupier of every fuch MefTuage or Hereditament, and fuch other Information relating thereto as the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl refpedlively fhall from time to time diredl and require, and to their Satisfadlion, the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons aforefaid fhall compound with any fuch Owner or Owners of fuch MefTuage or Hereditament for Payment of the faid Rates or AfTefTments for and in refpedl of every fuch MefTuage or Hereditament, at fuch reduced yearly Rental as fuch Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons fhall think reafonable, not being more than Three Fourth Parts nor lefs than One Half of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of each of fuch MeiTuages or Hereditaments refpedlively, or fhall remit to fuch Owner or Owners fuch Part of fuch Rate or AfTefTment as fuch Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons fhall think reafonable, not being lefs than One Fourth Part nor more than One Half of fuch Rates or AfTefTments, to which Tuch Owner or Owners fhall be

Q q 4?	rated

By whom fuch Rates paid.

Provifo refpeft-ing Agreement for paving Rate between Owner and Occupier.

Provifo refpe<SK ing Meffuages not exceeding 2cl. annual Value let to One Tenant, payable quarterly, as to compounding for Rate.

Hosted by Google

600

C. xxix.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Commiflioners may compound for Rates with Owners of MelTuages, &c. herein delcribed.

Provifo for Agreements between Landlords and Tenants.

Rates not paid may be levied.

Proceedings.

rated or aftefted in refpedl of each of fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments refpedlively ; and alfo, that it may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, if they fhall think proper, to compound with any Owner or Owners of any Meffuages or other Hereditaments in their parochial or other Dif-tridl, which fhall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or which fhall be let furnifhed or in Lodgings, or in feparate Apartments, or at Rents which fhall become payable or to be collected at any fhorter Periods than quarterly, for Payment of the faid Rates or Afteft-ments for or in refpedl of fuch MefTuages or Hereditaments at fuch reduced Yearly Rental as fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons fhall think reafonable, not being lefs than Two Third Parts of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of fuch Meffuages or Hereditaments refpedlively, or to remit to the Owner or Owners of any fuch Meffuages or Tenements refpedlively lalt mentioned fuch Part of fuch Rate or Affeffment as fuch Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons fhall think proper, not being more than One Third Part of the Rates or Afteffments to which fuch Owner or Owners fhall be rated or affeffed in refpedl of each of fuch laft mentioned Meffuages or Hereditaments refpedlively, or otherwife to collect from fuch Owner or Owners the whole of fuch Rates or Afteffments, as they fhall think proper ; and alfo that any fuch Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, may vary, difcontinue or renew either or any of fuch Compolitions, as fuch Commiftioners, Truftees and other Perfons fhall from time to time deem expedient.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no- . thing in this Act contained fhall be conftrued, deemed or taken to impeach, alter or make void any Agreement made between any Landlord and Tenant in any Leafe now granted, or hereafter to be granted purfuant to any Contract or Agreement now exifting ; any thing in this Adi contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe at any time or times hereafter any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Meffuage or Hereditament, fituate in any Street or Place in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Junfdidtion of this Adi, for and in refpedl whereof he or they fhall be rated or affeffed to any Rate or Affeffment made or to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and either exclu-fively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purpofes, either by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or by virtue of this Adt ; ot any other Perfon or Perfons fo rated and afTeffed, or liable to be rated and affeffed, or to pay the Money fo rated or affeffed as aforefaid, fhall refufe or negledl to pay the Money rated and affeffed upon him or them refpedlively, or which he or they may be liable to pay by virtue of fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, and all Arrears now or hereafter due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates or Affeflment or Afteffments, it fhall be lawful for any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diftridl fhall be fituate, and he is hereby authorized and diredled, by Writing under his Hand, or in his Name under the Hand of any Perfon authorized by him to fign the fame, on Complaint made by the

Com-

Hosted by Google

A.D. 181.7.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxixo

601

Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or any One or more of them, or any Officer or other Perfon appointed by them, to fummon all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall have refufed Summons, and neglected as aforefaid, to appear, at a time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, before fuch Juftice, or before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, for the fame City, Borough or County who fhall be then and there prefent ; and it fhall be lawful for any Perfon appointed to colledt and receive fuch Rates or AfTeif-ments, or for any of the Conftables, Headboroughs or Beadles of any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or for any other Perfon, to ferve all and every fuch Summons and Summonfes upon all and every Perfon and Perfons fo refufing or negledting to pay as aforefaid, either by delivering the fame to the Perfon or Perfons thereby intended to be fummoned, or by leaving the fame at his or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premifes for or in refpedt whereof the Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments mentioned in fuch Summons, fhall remain due and owing ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned fhall refufe or neglect to attend at the time and Place mentioned in fuch Summons, or if he or they fhall attend, and fhall not fhew good and fufficient Caufe to fuch Juftice or Juftices as may be then and there prefent, that he or they is or are not chargeable with fuch Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall pay the Rate or Rates in refpedfc of which fuch Summons was ifTued, and alfo the Cofts and Charges of fuch Summons ; and in all cafes where Cofts of Sum-fuch Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, or any of them, fhall ™ons* not be paid upon the Return of fuch Summons, it fhall be lawful for the Juftice who fhall have fignea and ifTued fuch Summons or Summonfes, or who fhall have directed fuch Summons and Summonfes to be figned and ifTued as aforefaid, or for any other Juftice of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him of the due Service of fuch Summons or Summonfes by the Perfon who fhall have ferved the fame, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, authorizing or directing any fuch Perfon- appointed to colledt fuch Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments as aforefaid, or any Con-ftable, Headborough or Beadle of the faid parochial or other Diftridf, or any other Conftable, Headborough or other Perfon, to levy Rate and Cod? fuch Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, and all Arrears of Summons thereof, and the faid Cofts and Charges of the Summons (if the fame fhall not have been paid before), and the Cofts and Charges 1 1 of every fuch Warrant, and alfo the Cofts, Charges and Expences of executing the fame, by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo negledling or refufing, which fhall be found either within the faid parochial or other Diftridt, or elfewhere, and of which faid Goods and Chattels he or they may either continue in PofTeffion on the faid Premifes where the fame fhall be diftrained, or they may be removed therefrom, as the Perfon or Perfons making the Diftrefs fhall think proper ; and if within Five Days next after any Diftrefs fhall be made purfuant to the Diredtions of this Adt, the faid Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefTments, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the faid Charges for the faid Summons, and the faid Charges for the faid Warrant, and the Charges and

Expences

Hosted by Google

ft no Goods ioutid to be ciillrained, or Diftrefs obftru 61 ed, or no fuffi-ctent Diftrefs,

Proceedings.

Conftables, &c. to affift in fuclt Levy.

Fenalty jl.

Cxxix.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.I8I7,

Expences of executing the fame Warrant, and of making fuch Diftrefs, and of keeping fuch Goods and Chattels, ftiall not be paid, then the faid Perfon appointed to colled as aforefaid, or the Con-itable, Headborough, Beadle or other Perfon authorized by the faid Warrant, ftiall caufe the faid Goods and Chattels to be appraifed by one or more Appraifer or Appraifers, and to be fold either on the Premifes where the fame fhall be diftrained, or elfewhere, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as in his or their Judgment fhall be fufficient to pay the faid Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or Afleffments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the faid Cofts, Charges and Expences of the faid Summons, Warrant, Diftrefs, Removal or keeping Poffeflion of fuch Goods and Chattels fo diftrained, and the reafonable Cofts, Charges and Expences of appraifmg and felling the fame, and fhall return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpedively, upon Demand thereof made by him or them ; and in cafe no fuch Goods and Chattels can be found to be diftrained by virtue of any fuch Warrant, or in cafe any fuch Goods and Chattels, fhall be locked up or fecured, or ihall be removed, fo that fuch Perfon appointed to colled the faid Rates or Afleffments as aforefaid, or fuch Conftable, Headborough, Beadle or other Perfon, cannot diftrain the fame, or in cafe, after fuch Diftrefs and Appraifement or Sale as hereinbefore are directed, the Proceeds thereof fhall not be fufficient to pay fuch Rates or Afleffments, with the Arrears due thereon, and all the faid Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, then and in any of fuch cafes, upon Information thereof given to any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within which fuch parochial or other Diftrid fhall be fituate, it fhall be lawful to and for any fuch Juftice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, to iflue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Apprehenfion of any fuch Perfon or Perfons making Default in the Payment of fuch Rates or Afleffments and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences, or any of them, and to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the City, Borough or County within which fuch parochial or other Diftrid fhall be fituate, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, unlefs fuch Rates or Afleffments and all Arrears thereof, and all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences, or fo much thereof as ftiall remain unfatisfied by any fuch Diftrefs or Diftrefles or otherwife, fhall be fooner paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where a Diftrefs is authorized to be made by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the paving of any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Purpofes, or by this Ad, if any Conftable or Headborough of any Parifh or Place within which fuch parochial or other Diftrid fhall be fituate, or of any other Parifh or Place where fuch Diftrefs is to be made, upon being required by any Perfon appointed to colled any Rates or Afleffments, or by any other Perfon (who ftiall have obtained a Warrant for fuch Diftrefs from any Juftice of the Peace), fhall refufe or negled to aid or affift in making a Diftrefs and Sale purfuant to fuch Warrant, every fuch Conftable or Headborough fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in

which

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. HE

603

C.	XXLX.

which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadled, That every Warrant of Form of War Diftrefs for Nonpayment of any Rates or AfiefTments, authorized rant of DiflicJ and diredled to be iffued by virtue of this Adi, ffiall be in the Words or to the Effedl following :	_

<	[hfirt'tbt City, 1 T0 1116 C°1Iea°r3 °f the. PavinS .

Borough or County.] J Rates [or, of the paving and lighting, and watching and cleanfing Rates, as the cafe may be'] for the Parifh or Diilridl of [defcribe the Diflriff according to the local Act], and to all Conftabies, Headboroughs, Beadles and Peace Officers for the [City, Borough or County aforefaid, as the cafe may be] : Whereas

<	the under mentioned Perfon [or Perfons, if more than One] now or late an Owner or Occupier [or Owners or Occupiers, if more than

*	One] of a MefTuage [or of Meffiuages, if more than One Perfon be in-

*	eluded in the Warrant] or other Hereditaments within the faid [infert

*	the Name of the D if riff] was and is, or were and are [as the 6 cafe may be] rated and afleffed, or is or are [as the cafe may be]

‘ liable to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money fet at and ( oppofite to his or their refpedlive Name or Names [as the cafe may

*	be] hereunder written, by virtue of a Rate or Rates duly made

* under and by virtue of a certain Adi [or Adts] paffed in the

*	Year [or Years, as the cafe may be] of the Reign of

i	[fet	forth the Title of the Aff or Jiffs under which the Rais

<	or Rates were made] : And Whereas the faid Perfon or Perfons c has or have [as the cafe may be] refufed or negledled to pay the

*	Sum or the feveral Sums of Money fet at and oppofite his or their

*	Name or Names [as the cafe may be] hereunder written, due from c him or them by virtue of fuch Rate or Rates [as the cafe may be]9 6 and the faid feveral Sum and Sums of Money is or are [as the cafe

*	may be] Hill remaining due and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to ( me, One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid [City,

<	Borough or County, as the cafe may be] ; and the faid feveral Per*

*	fon or Perfons [as the cafe may be] having been fummoned to appear

*	to anfwer the Premifes, as alfo appeareth to me the faid Juftice 6 upon Oath, and neither he or they nor either of them [as the cafe

*	may be] having ffiewn any fufficient Caufe why fuch Sum or Sums ‘ of Money [as the cafe may be] fhould not be paid by him or them s refpedlively [as the cafe may be], as alfo appeareth to me upon c Oath : Now thefe are therefore in His Majefiy’s Name to will

*	and require you or either of you forthwith to levy the faid Sum *• or feveral Sums of Money [^j the cafe may be] due from the faid ‘ Perfon or Perfons [as the cafe may be] and hereunder fet at and c oppofite to his or their Names refpedlively [as the cafe may be],

‘ and alfo the Two feveral Sums of [inferting the Amount of the Cojls ‘ and Charges for the Summons and for the Warrant, or for either of c them, as the cafe may be] for the Colts and Charges of the faid ( Summons and of thefe Prefents, by Diftrefs and Sale of his or their ‘ refpedlive Goods and Chattels [tfj the cafe may be]y fuch Goods 6 and Chattels being kept for the Space of Five Days before the

*	fame are fold, rendering to him or them refpedlively [as the cafe

*	may be] the Overplus (if any) on Demand, and the reafonable

*	Charges of fuch Difirels, and of any Removal or keeping Pof-

‘ feffion

Hosted by Google

601

a xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

6

(

t

feffion, Appraifement or Sale thereof, being lirft deduced ; and if no fufficient Diftrefs can be had or taken, that then you certify the fame to me, to the end fuch Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain : And I do hereby ftridlly charge and command all and lingular the Conftables, Headboroughs and other His Majefty’s Peace Officers for the faid [City, Borough or County, as the cafe may be~\ to be aiding and affifting in all Things relating to the Premifes. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of	in the Year of our

Lord

* A. B. -	-	-

<	C. D...............................

c E* F. (the Landlord for divided Premifes)

<	G.H................................

&

j.	d.

Rates may alfo be recovered by Adlions as herein mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it ffiall be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this A61 (if they ffiall think it expedient), in the Name or Names of their Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or of any Perfon or Perfons appointed by them to colledl or receive any Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, made or to be made for or towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objedfs or Purpofes, to bring or caufe to be brought any Adlion or Adlions of Debt, or fpecial Adlion on the Cafe, or other Adlion or Adtions, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or to proceed in any Court of Requefts, or other Court whatever (for the Recovery of Debts above or under Five Pounds) within the Jurifdidtion of which the faid Meffuages or Hereditaments in refpedl whereof fuch Rates or Affeffments ffiall be made, or wherein the Perfon or Perfons or either of them againft whom fuch Adlion or Adlions or other Proceedings may be brought ffiall refide, and againft any Executors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon or Perfons deceafed, or againft any Meffengers or Affignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for or in refpedl of or by virtue of any Rates or Afleffments made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objedts or Purpofes, by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or by virtue of this Adi, for the Recovery of the Sum or Sums of Money due from any fuch Perfon or Perfons dying or becoming Bankrupt, or whofe Goods, Chattels or Effedls may be feized or taken in Execution or other-wife, or from any other Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame by virtue or in refpedl of any fuch Rates or Affeffments ; and that in any fuch Adlion or Adlions or other Proceedings it ffiall be fufficient for the Plaintiff or Complainant to declare or allege, that the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch Adlion or Adlions or other Proceedings

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

605

ings may be brought is indebted to fuch Plaintiff or Complainant in fuGh Sum or Sums of Money as fhall appear to be due by or on account of any fuch Rates or Affeffments ; and that it fhall only be ne-ceffary for fuch Plaintiff or Complainant to produce any fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, and to prove that the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch Adtion or Actions or other Proceedings fhall be brought, or who fhall be deceafed, or who hath become Bankrupt, or whofe Goods, Chattels or Effects have been taken in Execution or otherwife, was or were the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Rate or Affeffment, or liable to the Payment thereof by virtue of any local Adt or Adts of Parliament, or of this Adt, to entitle fuch Plaintiff or Complainant to recover the whole of the Sum or Sums of Money for the Recovery whereof fuch Action or Adtions or other Proceedings fhall be brought againft fuch Perfon or Perfons, or againft fuch Executors or Adminiftrators, Meffengers or Aflignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers ; and that if fuch Plaintiff or Complainant by any fuch Action or Actions or other Proceedings fhall recover fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo intended to be recovered thereby, or any Part thereof, he fhall have the full Colts of fuch Actions or other Proceedings, to be levied in the manner in which all other Monies and Colts recovered in any Court or Courts wherein fuch Adtion or Adtions or other Proceedings fhall be brought, may be levied and obtained ; and that in any fuch Adtion or Adtions no Effoign, Protedtion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enadted, That all and every the Rates or Affeffments which fhall be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, either exclufively or jointly with any other Objedts or Purpofes, and either by virtue of any local Adt or Adts of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or by virtue of this Adt, fhall be paid by the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be charged in fuch Rates or Affeffments with the Payment of any Sum or Shuts of Money for or in refpedt of any Meffuages or Hereditaments within any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, and who fhall depart this Life without paying the fame, out of the firfl Effedts of the Perfon fo dying, which fhall come to their or any of their Hands, in preference to all other Debts (except Debts to the King's Majefty), and fhall alfo be paid in like manner by any Meffengers and Aflignees adting under any Commiflion of Bankrupt, and every Sheriff or other Officer adting under any Writ or Writs iffaed out of any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any other Court or Courts, and who fhall feize or take Poffeffion of any Goods, Chattels or Effedts of any Perfon or Perfons fo rated or affeffed, and frqpi whom any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any fuch Rates or Affeffments fhall then be due and unpaid; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftridt wherein the Meffuages or Hereditaments fhall be fituate for and in refpedt whereof fuch Rates or Affeffments fhall be due, and for any Perfon appointed by them to colledt and receive fuch Rates or Affeffments, to compel the Payment of ail and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money by fuch Executors or Adminiftrators,

or

Neceflary Proof for Plajntift

Rates may be recovered from the Ellates of Perfons who die or become infolvent.

in preference of all other Debts, except to the Crown.

Hosted by Google

GOG

C.xxix.

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

Prov'ifo as to charging Sheriff”, &c. "

Rates may be recovered from Pei Ions remov-

by Warrant from Juftice,

without Fee.

or Meffengers or Affignees, Sheriffs or other Officers, by Diftrefs or by Aftion at Law, or by fuch other Means as are appointed by this Aft for the Recovery of Rates or Affeffments when unpaid by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and by fuch other legal Ways and Means as to them (hall feem meet: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conflrued to extend fo as to charge fuch Meffenger or Affignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, with the Payment of any of fuch Rates or Affeffments for more than One Year then laft paft, or of any larger Sum or Sums of Money than the Value of the Goods, Chattels or Effefts which any fuch Meffenger or Affignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, fhall feize, or of which Poffeffion fhall be taken by him or them.

XL. And be it further enafted, That in cafe at any time or times hereafter any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have been rated and affeffed to any Rates or Affeffments which fhall be made by virtue of this Aft, or by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or. other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, either exclufively or jointly with any other Objefts or Purpofes, fhall quit his or their Meffuages or Hereditaments within the faid parochial or other Diftrift, for or in refpeft whereof he or they fhall be rated or affeffed, before he or they fhall have paid any fuch Rates or Affeffments, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons appointed to colleft or receive any fuch Rates or Affeffments by the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrift, or any One of them, (Oath being made by him or them that he or they doth or do fufpeft that fuch Perfon or Perfons hath or have removed his, her or their Goods and Chattels,) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any of His Ma-jefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County where fuch parochial or other Diftrift fhall be fituate, and which Warrant fuch Juflice or Juftices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant, (and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall have removed into any other County, City or Place, fuch Warrant being firft backed and counterfigned by fome Magiftrate of the County, City or Place to which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall have removed, and which Warrant every fuch Magiftrate is hereby empowered and direfted, without Fee or Reward, to back or counterfign,) to diftrain and ap-praife and fell the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall have fo quitted the faid Meffuages or Hereditaments before he or they fhall have paid fuch Rates or Affeffments, for the Sum or Sums of Money due from any fuch Perfon or Perfons by virtue of fuch Rates or Affeffments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and for all Cofts, Charges and Expences occafioned by fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, Appraifement, and Sale, in any County, City or Place to which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall have removed, in fuch and the fame manner as if the fame Perfon or Perfons had continued in the parochial or other Diftrift wherein the Meffuages or Hereditaments fhall be fituate in refpeft whereof any fuch Rates or AfTeifments fhall have been made.

Rates collefted	XLI. And be it further enafted, That the Goods and Chattels

d^id* d"TeneS	°^ eack anc^ eveiT Perfon and Perfons renting and occupying any fe-

niems to be*2"	Parate Part	Apartment of or in any Meffuage or Hereditament,

and

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. IIL

C. xxix.

A.D.18I7.

607

and the Goods and Chattels in every MefTuage or Hereditament let ready furniihed, although the Perfon or Perfons occupying fuch MefTuage or Hereditament, or feparate Part or Apartment, be not rated or afTefTed under or by virtue of this Adi, or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, (hall be liable to be diilrained and fold by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace, which he is by this Adi authorized and diredled to grant, for any Rates or AfTefTments made by virtue of this Adi, or of any local Adi or Adis, for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diflridl, and either exclufively or jointly with any other Objedls and Purpofes, which have accrued or become due during the term of the Occupancy by any fuch Perfon or Perfons of any fuch MefTuage or Plereditament, or feparate Part or Apartment thereof, and for the Cofls and Charges and Expences of fuch Warrant, and of any Appraifement, PofTefiion, Removal or Sale of fuch Goods and Chattels, or attendant thereupon ; but no fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be required or compellable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Difcharge of the faid Rates or AfTefTments, or any of them, than the Amount of the Rent adlually due and payable by fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Owner or Owners of fuch MefTuage or Hereditament, or other Perfon or Perfons rated or afTefTed as the Occupier or Occupiers of the MefTuages or Hereditaments fo entirely or partly occupied by fuch Perfon or Perfons; and that each and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall pay any fuch Rates or AfTefTments as ought to have been paid by the Owner or Owners of any fuch MefTuage or Hereditament, or by his or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whofe Goods or Chattels the fame fhall be levied in purfuance of this Adi, fhall and may deduct the fame from and out of the Rent due and payable or to become due and payable to his or their Landlord or Landlords fo letting out the fame MefTuage or Hereditament, or feparate Part or Apartment, to him or them, (unlefs there fhall be Tome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant) ; and the Receipt and Receipts for fuch Payment or Payments fhall be a fufficient Difcharge to every fuch Perfon or Perfons for fo much Money as he or they, fhall have fo paid, or which fhall have been fo levied on his or their Goods and Chattels in purfuance of this Adi, and fhall be repaid by fuch Owner or Owners, or be allowed by fuch Landlord or Landlords of fuch MefTuages or Hereditaments, in part or full Payment, as the cafe may be, for the Rent due or to become due to him or them from fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, for or in refpedl of fuch MefTuages or Hereditaments, or feparate Parts or Apartments thereof refpedlively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, to prevent Difputes touching the Defignation of Owner or Landlord or Proprietor of any MefTuages or Hereditaments intended to be made liable to be rated and afTefTed by any Rates or AfTefTments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, and either exclufively or jointly with any other Objedls or Purpofes, and either by virtue of this Adi or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament^ That the Perfon or Perfons legally authorized and empowered to receive and colledl, or receiving and

colleding,

repaid by Landlords ;

and may be deducted from Rent, unlefs Agreement to the contrary.

Perfons receiving Rents to be deemed Owners,

Hosted by Google

608

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Uriel's real Owner declare^.

Rates may be apportioned between incoming and outgoing Tenants.

Proportion may be ascertained by Commifooners, h c.

collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and colleCt, the Rents of any Mefluages or Hereditaments from the Tenants or aClual Occupiers thereof, or any of them, may be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Mefluages or Hereditaments, and fhall be liable to be rated and aflefled, and fhall be compellable to pay the Rates and AflefT-ments, in refpedt of fuch Mefluages or Hereditaments, in all cafes in which either Owners or Landlords or Proprietors are made liable to be rated and aflefled and to the Payment of Rates and AfTefTments by virtue of this A6t, or of any fuch local A6t or ACts, unlefs the real Owner or Owners, or Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, fhall be declared by himfelf or themfelves to be the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or fhall be diftindtly and certainly known to their Satisfaction by the Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other OiftriCt.

XLIII. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons now or hereafter occupying any Meffuage or other Hereditament in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, fh?dl remove out of or from or quit the PofTeffion of any fuch Meffuage or Hereditament, before any Rate or Affeffment made or to be made for and towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, and either exclufively or jointly with any other ObjeCls or Purpofes, charged on or in refpeCt of any fuch Meffuage or Hereditament by virtue of any local ACt or ACts of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or of this ACt, fhall be paid and difcharged ; or if any Perfon fhall enter into the Occupation of any fuch Meffuage or Hereditament, out of or from which any other Perfon fhall have fo removed, before any fuch Rate or AfTeffment fhall have been paid and difcharged, or which, at the time of rating or affefiing the" fame, fhall be empty or unoccupied, then and in every fuch cafe, the Perfon fo removing out of, and the Perfon entering into the PofTeffion or Occupation of any fuch Meffuage or Hereditament, fhall be refpeCTively liable to the Payment of every fuch Rate or Affeffment, in proportion to the time that fuch Perfon or Perfons poffeffed or occupied the fame refpedively, in like manner as if the Perfon fo removing or quitting as aforefaid had remained in the PofTeffion or Occupation of fuch Meffuage or Hereditament, or the Perfon or Perfons fo entering into the Occupation thereof had been rated or affeffed in refpeCt thereof in any fuch Rate or AfTeffment at the time of the making thereof; and that the Amount of fuch Proportion (m cafe any Difputes fhould arife) may be afcertained and determined by the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other Diftridl in which fuch Meffuage or other Hereditament may be fituate; and that according to fuch Determination fuch Rates and AfTefTments fhall be paid by each of fuch Perfons in fuch Proportion, and may be levied and recovered from each of fuch Perfons accordingly; but that the fame fhall be without Prejudice to any of the Provifions hereinbefore contained as to the Mefluages or Hereditaments being empty and unoccupied, and as to the Rates or AfTefTments remaining charged on the Mefluages or Hereditaments in refped whereof they

12	fhall

Hosted by Google

A. D. 1817.	57°	GEO.	III.	C. x	six.

(hall be made, or to any other of the Provifions hereinbefore con-tained.

_ XLIV. And be it further enabled, That it {hall and may be lawful from time to time, and at all (times hereafter, for the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, and they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint or Requeft of any Perfon or Perfons fubjetl to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, AfleiTment or AfTeffinents, made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objedls or Purpofes, and either by virtue of this Adi or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, who fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the fame, to mitigate, reduce or leflen the fame, as they in their Difcretion fhall think juft and reafonable, and alfo to remit or excufe the Payment thereof for any Caufe which they {hall deem fufficient, or for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, fo complaining or requelling the Remiffion or Redudlion of any fuch Rates or Afteffments.

XLV. And be it further enadted, That the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, may from time to time appoint One or more Treafurer or Treafurers for receiving all the Monies to be raifed and colledled for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftridl, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Purpofes or Objedls, and either by virtue of this Adi or of the refpedlive local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to their refpedlive parochial or other Dif-Cridls, not being alfo the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl ; and from time to time, as they {hall think necefiary, may remove fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, and appoint fuch other Perfon or Perfons in his or their Stead, as they {hall think proper ; and fuch Treafurer and Treafurers is and are hereby diredled to keep diftindl Accounts of the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of fuch Commiffioners, Truftees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, by whom he or they {hall have been appointed, and from time to time to pay and difcharge all fuch Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid {hall order and diredt him or them thereout to pay; and the faid Treafurer or Treafurers fhall account, whenever thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons by whom he or they fhall have been appointed, for all the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons ; and the faid Treafurer or Treafurers {hall pay all fuch Monies as upon the Balance of the faid Accounts refpedtively {hall remain in his or their Hands, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons by whom he or they fhall have been fo 57 Geo. III.	R r	appointed,

609

Rates may be remitted by Commiffioners, &c. on account of Poverty,&c.

Commiffioners, &c. to appoint a Treafurer.

Duty of fuch Treafurer in re-fpe£t of keeping Accounts, See.

Hosted by Google

610

C.%%IK.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

appointed, (hall by Writing under their Hands authorize to receive Re Ming, &c. to fame, whenever he or they fhall be required fo to do ; and if render Account, any fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fhall at any time or times refufe or negled to render any fuch Accounts, and make fuch Payments as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe every and any fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fhall be liable to fuch Proceedings, and upon Penalty.	Convidion	fhall be liable to fuch Penalties and Punishments, as by

this Ad, or by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftrid, by the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they fhall have been fo appointed, are impofed or direded to be impofed on Colledors or other Officers negleding or refufing to ac-T'b'eTr/a’ count at tifnes and in the manner thereby direded ; and that -cmj> c 1 a any Perfon or Perfons being fo appointed a Treafurer as aforefaid, although he fhall be a Commiffioner or Truftee, or one of the Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrid, fhall not in confequence of fuch Appointment become difqualified or incapable to ad as a Commiffioner or Truftee, or in the Control of the Pavements for fuch parochial or other Diftrid ; any Thing in this Aft or in any local Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That if the Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Aft, fhall have appointed or fhall hereafter appoint any Treafurer or Treafurers as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Com-miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons fhall and they are hereby required to take good and fufficient Security from fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, by the Bond or Bonds of Two or more fufficient Perfons in a fufficient Penalty, and fuch further Security as they may deem neceflary and fhall approve, conditioned that fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fhall duly account for and pay all Monies received by him or them purfuant to the Directions of this Ad, or of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftrid, by the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they fhall be or fhall have been fo appointed.

Colletflois and XLVII. And be it further enaded, That the Commiflioners or oilier Officers Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of pointed hy Com- anY parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, milfioners, &c. may at any Meeting or Meetings appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and may appoint One or more Colledors of the Rates or Affeflments, and an Infpedor or Infpedors of the Pavement within their parochial or other Diftrid, and fuch other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Ad or of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the paving of fuch parochial or other Diftrid, exclufively or jointly with any other Matters or Objeds, as fuch Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons fhall think proper, and may from time to time remove them or any of them, and appoint other Perfons in his or their Stead, as they fhall think it neceflary or convenient ; and by and out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad, or of fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament, may and they are hereby and Salaries, kc. empowered to appoint and pay fuch Salaries, Gratuities and Allowances to fuch Clerk or Clerks, Colledors, Infpedors and other 12	Officers,

luier.

Treafurers, if appointed, to give Security.

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57* GEO. III.

O. xxix.

6*11

Officers, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements by this ACt directed to be appointed, and to all other Perfons by them the faid Commiffioners, Truflees or other Perfons employed in the Execution of this ACt, or of fuch local ACt or ACts, as they /hall think reafonable ; and aifo /hall take good and fufficient Security and take Secu-from every fuch Colle&ors, and may take fuch Security for the nt^* due Execution of their refpeCtive Offices by fuch other Officers and Perfons as aforefaid, as they /hall think proper ; and that in cafe of the Appointment of any Collector or Collectors of the faid Rates or A/Teflments, then all and every Perfon and Perfons who is or are liable to pay any fuch Rates or AfTe/Tments, or any Sums of Money authorized to be raifed and demanded by this ACt, or by fuch local ACt or ACts of Parliament, /hall pay the fame to fuch Collectors, or to the Perfons who /hall from time to time be fo appointed to colleCt and receive the fame, according to the true Meaning of this ACt, or of fuch local ACt or ACts of Parliament ; and that each and every of fuch Collectors or other Perfon or Per- Collectors to fons, weekly and every Week, or as often as they or any of them account to Com-/hall be thereunto required by the Commiffioners or Truftees, or ra^onerj> &c* other Perfons having the Control' of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, by whom he or they /hall have been fo appointed, /hall render and deliver unto them the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or to their Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Perfons whom they /hall direCt, diftinCt, true and perfeCt Accounts in Writing, /igned with their own Hands refpeCtively, of all Monies from Week to Week and from time to time collected and received by them, and each and every of them refpeCtively, of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for or on account of fuch Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons, by whom he or they /hall have been fo appointed ; and that all other Officers and Perfons fo to be The like as to appointed as aforefaid, under their Hands, and at fuch time and ot^er Officerc. times and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom they /hall have been appointed may direCt,

/hall deliver to them, or to any other Perfons whom they /hall direCt, true and perfeCt Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and alfo of all the Monies which /hall have been by fuch Officers or Perfons refpeCtively received by virtue of fuch Appointment, or for or on account of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom they /hall feverally have been appointed, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-burfed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fuch Payments ; and that the faid Col- Collectors to pay leCtors of the faid Rates and A/Te/Tments /hall weekly and every tolrealurers, Week pay to the Treafurer or Treafurers appointed by the faid ^c‘ Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons for the time being, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they /hall direCt, all Sum or Sums of Money by each of them refpeCtively collected and received during the preceding Week, or oftener, if the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons /hall fo direCt and require ; and that aH other The like as to Officers and Perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid /hall from time otker Officer?, to time pay to fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements /hall direCt, all Monies which may be and remain in their or any of their refpeCtive Hands; and

Rr 2	that

Hosted by Google

612

C. xxix.

,57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Colleftors to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Colle&or or other Officer not 1 endering Accounts, &c.

Com miflioners, &c. may bring Action,

or may apply to Juftice of the Peace.

Proceedings

thereon.

Collector proved to have unduly detained Money, &c.

Proceedings for the tavne, and Coll6 by Dillrefs.

that they the faid Colledlors for the time being-, and each and every of them, if thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom they fhall have been appointed, fhall verify the Truth of all Accounts and Statements fo rendered and delivered by them from time to time refpedlively upon Oath, and which Oath any and every Commiffioner or Truftee or other Perfon having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, is hereby empowered to adminifter ; and that if any Col-le&or or other Officer or Perfon appointed as aforefaid, fhall not render and deliver, iigned with his own Hand, all and every fuch Statements and Accounts, or fhall not verify the fame upon Oath, when thereunto required as aforefaid, or fhall not produce and deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to all Monies received and paid by him, or fhall not pay any Monies in his Hands to fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, or to fuch other Perfons as the Com-miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed fhall direct, or fhall not deliver to fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whom they fhall diredt, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of this Adt or of any fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament as aforefaid, within Twenty four Hours after he fhall have been required fo to do by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed, then and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom any fuch Colledlor or other Officer or Perfon fhall have been appointed, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Adlion or Adlions againft any fuch Colledlor, Officer or other Perfon fo negledling or refilling as aforefaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that fhall be in the Hands of fuch Colledlor, Officer or Perfon refpedlively, or againft the Perfon or Perfons having become Securities for him ; or fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any other Perfon whom they fhall diredl for that Purpofe, may complain of any fuch Refufal or Negledl as aforefaid to any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough, County or Place wherein fuch Colledlor or other Officer or Perfon fo negledling or refufmg fhall be and refide; and fuch Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Colledlor or other Officer or Perfon fo refufmg or negledling, and againft whom fuch Complaint fhall be made, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way ; and if upon the Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies that fhall have been collected and received by any fuch Colledlor or other Officer or Perfon fhall be in the Hands of fuch Colledlor or other Officer or Perfon, or that he fhall not have rendered and delivered fuch true and perfedl Account, figned as aforefaid, or fhall have detained any Receipts or Vouchers, Books, Papers or Writings as aforefaid, then fuch Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money, and all Coils, Charges and Expences incurred and to be incurred thereabouts, to be

levied

Hosted by Google

570 GEO. III.

C\ xxix.

613

levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods, Chattels and other Effects

of fuch Colledor or other Officer or Perfon refpedively ; and if no If no Diftrefe,

Goods or Chattels of fuch Colledor or other Officer or Perfon can ^t^nyC°m*

be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid Money, and the mlc e

faid Coils, Charges and Expences of diflraining, removing and felling

the fame Goods, Chattels and other Effeds, and all other Coils,

Charges and Expences to be incurred thereabouts, then and in either of the Cafes aforefaid fuch Juilice fhall commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diflrid fhall be iituate, or wherein fuch Offender fhall refide, without Bail or Mainprize, until he fhall have rendered and delivered, figned as aforefaid, fuch true and perfed Account as afo-refaid, and fhall have delivered as aforefaid all Receipts and Vouchers relating thereto, and fhall have paid all Monies received by him for and in refped of the faid Rates and Affeffments, or otherwife as aforefaid, remaining in his Hands, or fhall have compounded for the Amount of fuch Monies due from him with the faid Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed, to their Satisfadion, and fhall have paid the Amount of fuch Compofition in fuch manner as they fhall approve (and which Competition they are hereby empowered to make and accept), or until he fhall have delivered up all Books, Papers and Writings as aforefaid in his Cuftody or Power, or fhall have given Satisfadion in refped thereof to the faid Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed; and that in any fuch Adion or Adions or other Pro- What Proof ne-ceedings againff any fuch Colledor, or againft any Perfon or Perfons cefTary by Com-who fhall have become Securities for him, it fhall not be neceffary jniffioners, &c. in for the Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons by whom he uc ^ 'ons* fhall have been appointed to prove the Receipts by him of every Sum of Money included in any Rate or Affeffment which he fhall have been appointed to colled, with the Amount whereof and with which they fhall feek to charge him or them, and to recover from him or them by any fuch Adion or Adions, or other Proceedings, but that it fhall only be neceffary for fuch Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons to prove the total Amount of the feveral Rates or Affeffments which he fhall have been appointed to colled, and that the full Amount thereof fhall be deemed to be due from him, and from any Perfon or Perfons having become Securities for him, and fhall be recovered from and be paid by him or them accordingly, except only fuch Part or Parts thereof as he or they fhall prove, by a credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, to have been paid by him the faid Colledor to fuch Treafurer or Treafurers as aforefaid, or to fome other Perfon or Perfons direded to receive the fame by the Commiffihners or Truflees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been fo appointed as aforefaid, or that he hath not received and colleded, from the Perfon or Perfons charged with the Payment of any Sums of Money by the faid Rates and Affeffments which he fhall have been appointed to colled, any of the Sums of Money charged by fuch Rates and Affeffments ; Provided always, that fuch Length of Colledor or other Officer or Perfon fo committed as aforefaid fhall Imprifonment, not be detained and kept in Prifon by virtue of fuch Warrant or for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months : Pro- Commiffioners, vided alfo, that no Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons &c. net liable for

R r 3	having

Hosted by Google

C.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Default of Treafurer,

Colle£lors unduly retaining Monies,

Penalty aol.

Proceedings agaiuft Officers or Compofition not to difcharge their Securities.

Exception.

Officers accepting any unauthorized Fee,

having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiction of this Aft, by whom any Treafurer or Treafurers, Colleftor or other Officer fhall be appointed, (hall be liable for or by reafon of any Default of fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Colleftor or other Officer fo appointed ; and that any Sum or Sums of Money which (hall or may be received by any fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Colleftor or other Officer, and which fhall not be recovered from him or them, (hall and may be made up by any future Rates or Afleffments, to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within any fuch parochial or other Diftrift, either ex-clufively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objefts or Purpofes whatfoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Colleftor of the Rates or Afleffments fo appointed as aforefaid (hall at any time retain and have in his Hand any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, collefted and received by him by virtue of fuch Appointment for the Space of Seven Days, without paying over the fame to the Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being to the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, by whom he (hall have been appointed, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hail have from time to time appointed or direfted to receive the fame, then every fuch Colleftor (hall for every fuch Retention or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter direfted to be recovered by virtue of this Aft*

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Profecution or Commitment, Aftion or other Proceedings, of or againft any Treafurer, Colleftor or other Officer appointed as aforefaid, by any Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft as aforefaid, nor any Compofition accepted by them from him, fhall in any manner acquit, releafe or difcharge any Surety or Security that fhall or may have been taken by or given to or for the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been appointed, for the due and faithful Execution of the Duties of any fuch Appointment as Treafurer, Colleftor or other Officer, or for the due and punftual Payment and Application of the Monies received by him in purfuance or by virtue of fuch Appointment, or for the proper Obfervance and Performance by him of the Duties enjoined on any fuch Treafurer, Colleftor or other Officer by virtue of this Aft, or of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, nor fhall acquit, releafe or difcharge in any manner any Perfon or Perfons who fhall have become bound for him or on his Behalf to fuch Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he (hall have been fo appointed, except only, that in cafe any Compofition (hall be accepted as aforefaid, then fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be difcharged from the Payment of fo much Money as (hall be received by the faid Commif-fioners or Truftees or other Perfons by virtue thereof.

E. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon who (hall be appointed to be a Treafurer, Surveyor, or Infpeftor of the Pavements,

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

615

ments, or Colledlor, or if any Perfon who fhall be otherwife employed by the Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdi&ion of this Adi, in or for the Execution thereof, fhall exadl, take or accept any Fee or Reward whatfoever, other than fuch Salaries, Allowances and Rewards as are diredled by this Adi, or by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating, to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or as fhall be from time to time appointed, allowed and approved of by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of fuch Office or Appointment, or fhall in any way be concerned or interefted in any Bargain or Contradl made or to be made by or with the faid Commifiioners or Truflees or other Perfons by whom he fhall be fo appointed, then he fhall forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafrer diredled to be recovered by virtue of this Adi ; and if he fhall in any way be concerned or interefted in any Bargain or Contradl made or to be made by or with the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall be fo appointed, he fhall alfo be difqualified and for ever incapable of continuing to ferve or of being employed by fuck Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he fhall have been fo appointed, as well as forfeit and pay the Penalty aforefaid.

LI. And be it further enadled, That in cafe any Treafurer or Treafurers, Colledlor or Colledlors, Officers or other Perfons, appointed by the Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, for the Colledlion and Receipt of the Monies to be colledted and received by virtue of any Rates and Affeffments which may be made for or towards the Expences of paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftridl, either exclufively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls or Purpofes, fhall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they fhall have fully paid and fatisfied all Monies received by him or them for or in refpedl of any fuch Rates or Affeffments, or for or on account of the Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom he or they fhall have been appointed, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Colledlor or Colledlors, Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons, fhall die, the Executor or Executors, Admi-niftrator or Administrators, Reprefentativ-e or Reprefentatives, or other Perfon or Perfons pofleffing the Eftate and Effedls of every fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Colledlor or Colledlors, Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed by the faid Com-miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or if he or they {hall become Bankrupt, then the Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and Effedls of fuch Bankrupt, fhall, out of fuch Eftate and Effedls, pay to the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftridl as aforefaid, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall from

R r 4	time

Penalty aol.

Reprefentatives of Officers deceased or becoming Bankrupt, to account,

Hosted by C 3gle

616

in preference to all other Debts, except to the Crown.

Executor, &c. on Action, may plead fuch Payment.

Executor, &c. not paying Monies due from his Telia tor, &c. Commiflioners, &c. may fue.

Colls.

C.xxix.	57°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1817-

time to time direct to receive the fame, all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as {hall have been collected or received by fuch Trea-furer or Treafurers, Colledtor or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed by the laid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and which {hall be due and owing from him or them to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid by whom he or they {hall have been fo appointed, at the time of his or their Death, or at the time of the fuing out any Commiffion of Bankruptcy againft him or them, and not paid over, or fo much thereof as the faid Eftate and Effedts of fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Colledtor or Colle&ors, Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, who {hall fo die or become Bankrupt, will extend to pay, and in preference to any other Debt or Debts (except Debts due to the King’s Majefty) ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or of any Perfon or Perfons diredted by them from time to time to receive the fame, {hall be a good Difcharge or good Difcharges for the Money therein exprefled to be received ; and that every Executor or Adminiftrator, Affignee or Affignees, or other Perlons pofleffing the Eftate and Effedts of any fuch Treafurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid, may, to any Adtion or Suit commenced or brought againft him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Adt for fuch Payment, and {hall be allowed the fame prior to any other Debt or Demand whatfoever (fave and except only Debts due to the King’s Majefty as aforefaid) ; and in cafe of Nonpayment of all and every fuch Sum or Sums of Money by any Executor or Adminiftrator, Affignee or Affignees, or other Perfon as aforefaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the fame fhall have been demanded by or on the Behalf of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons by whom fuch Treafurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Perfon dying or becoming Bankrupt had been appointed, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements within fuch parochial or other Diftridt, by whom any fuch Treafurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Perfon had been appointed, to commence one or more Adtion or Adtions in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler againft fuch Executors or Adminiftrators, Aflignee or Affignees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, for the Recovery of the fame Sum or Sums of Money ; and that in any fuch Adtion or Adtions it {hall only be neceffary for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons to prove the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money due from fuch Treafurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Perfon, without proving what Monies, Eftates or Effedts of the Perfon or Perfons fo dying or becoming Bankrupt {hall have been or might have been received by any of fuch Executors or Adminiftrators, Affignee or Affignees ; and that they {hall by fuch Adtion or Adtions recover the full Amount of all the Sum or Sums of Money due from fuch Treafurer, Colledtor, Officer or other Perfon at the time of his Deceafe, or of the iffuing of the faid Commiffion of Bankrupt, with the full Cofts of fuch Adtion, to be taxed as between an Attorney and

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.xxlx.	gi7

his Client, and in which Adlion no EfToign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, (hall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful Commifiioners, to and for the Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having ^c- may pave the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the Jurifdi£lion of this A£l, from pavjng Mate/)-time to time to pave and keep in Repair, or eaufe to be paved and als being vefted kept in Repair, or to enter into any Contract or Contrails for paving in them, and keeping in Repair, all or any Pait or Parts of the Carriageways or Footways of all or any of the Streets or public Places in their refpe&ive parochial or other DifiriCls within the JurifdiCtion of this A6t ; and alfo that all and every the Pavements, Stones, Polls and other Materials which now are or which may be hereafter placed in the Foot or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within their refpe&ive parochial or other Diftri&s, which (hall have been or may from time to time be paved or repaired by the laid Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavement in each of their refpe&ive parochial or other Diftri&s, and all Things and Implements which fhall be then laid down, or may be purehafed, provided or made ufe of by them therein or thereabouts, fhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the refpe&ive Commiffioners or Trullees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within each of their refpe&ive parochial or other Diftri&s, and fhall and may be laid and Hated as their Property, How fuch Pro-according to the general Name or Title by which they are dif- Perty liated m tinguifhed in the refpe&ive local A <51 or A6ls of Parliament relating to their refpe&ive parochial or other Diftri&s, under and by virtue fam^Mate-whereof they are or fhall be from time to time appointed to a<5l, and rials, not according to their individual Name or Names, in any Indidlment,

Information, or other Proceeding which may be preferred or hied, or taken againll any Perfon or Perfons for removing or taking away,

Healing, detaining, fpoiling, injuring or dellroying the fame Pavements or Materials, or Implements or Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful Commlfiloners, for them from time to time to order all or any of the Stones and other &c- uie Materials then being in any fuch Streets or public Places, as they ^tones> &c-may from time to time pave or repair, to be made ufe of in or towards the paving or repairing the Foot or Carriageway Pavements in any Streets or public Places within their refpefiive parochial or other Difiri&s ; and alfo may from time to time purchafe, or rent upon Leafe or otherwife, any Premifes which they may think necef-fary, for the Purpofe of laying or depoliting or otherwife difpofing of all or any of their Stones or other Materials or Implements, for and until fuch time as they fhall ufe the fame; and alfo that they may and the fame from time to time fell and difpofe of all or any Part of the old Pave- may be ditpofcd ments or other Materials or Implements poflefied by or belonging to of diem » them, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, they applying the Monies arifing from time to time by any and every fuch Sales in aid of the Monies raifed and to be raifed within their refpedtive parochial or other Diftri&s for or towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements therein ; and alfo and Commit -fhall and may eaufe to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought fioners, &c. may into any Streets or public Places within their refpe&ive parochial or ceirar^MaVc other Diftri&s, and fhall and may purchafe any fuch Gravel, Stones Jfalsand employ

and Workmen,

Hosted by Google

618

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

and raife or lower Streets, Sec.

and depofit Materials ns may be neceffary;

and (lop up Streets during Reparations; and may alter the Channels therein ;

and may raife or lower Pipes,&c.

Pavements net to be removed without Perm if* fion of Comm if-(loners, &c.

and other Materials, Horfes, Carts and Tools, and employ fuch Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and other Perfons, and iffue fuch Money on thoie Accounts, and do all and every fuch other Adis and Things as the faid Commiffioners or Trufiees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, may from time to time judge neceffary or expedient for or towards or about the paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within their refpedtive parochial or other Diftridts, or incidental thereto ; and alfo that they or their refpedtive Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or any Infpedtors or other Officers by them appointed for the time being, fhall and may from time to time caufe the Ground of any Streets or public Places within their refpedtive parochial or other Diftridts to be raifed or lowered in fuch manner as they or he fhall think neceffary ; and alfo that they or their refpedtive Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers for the time being, during the time of the paving or of the repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within their refpedtive parochial or other Diftridts, or of any Grates, Drains or Sewers therein, fhall and may order the neceffary Materials to be placed or depofited in any fuch Street or public Place, or in any adjoining Street or public Place ; and may flop up the Way through or along any fuch Street or public Place, or any adjoining Street or public Place, for the Purpofes aforefaid, for as long time as they fhall from time to time think neceffary ; and alfo that they or their refpedtive Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers for the time being, fhall or may from time to time diredl and caufe the Courfe of any Gutter or Channel, running in or through any Streets or public Places within their refpedtive parochial or other Diftridts, to be turned or altered in fuch manner as they fhall think proper, and to diredt and caufe the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers (at their Charges) to be removed and replaced in fuch manner and at fuch Place and Places as they fliall think proper; and alfo that they or their refpedtive Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers for the time being, may (at fuch their Charges) raife, fink or otherwife alter, or caufe or diredt to be raifed, funk or altered, any Pipes or Plugs, or the Situation or Pofition of any Pipes or Plugs of any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any of the Leaden or other Pipes which may be laid into or from any of the Mains or Pipes of any of the faid Companies, when and as often and in fuch Places as they or their refpedtive Surveyors, Infpedors or other Officers for the time being fhall deem expedient, for the Purpofe of the better paving or repairing or keeping in Repair the Pavement of the Streets or public Places within their reipedtive parochial or other Diftridts, but with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the faid Companies, as in the Judgment of the faid Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Officers, the Circumftances will permit.

LIIL And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons fliall take or break up, or caufe to be taken of broken up, any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, or make any Alteration therein, under any Pretence whatfoever, without the Confent of the Commiffioners or Trufiees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, firfl obtained and certified under the

Hand

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix*

6\D

Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Confent (hall be granted, (hall be fubjedl and liable to all n|1cJ fubjeft to the Provifions in this Adi contained in refpedl to the Water and Gas 10n> 0 Light Companies and the Commiffioners of Sewers, as to the Reparation of the Pavements, and as to the Removal of all Rubbiffi and other Obftrudlions, and as to the Provifion of Bars, Watchmen and other Securities,and to all Penalties by this Adi impofed on the Breach of any of fuch Provifions refpedlively, and to fuch other Conditions and Regulations as the faid Commiffioners or Tru flees, or other Perfons confenting as aforefaid, ffiall flipulate and diredl, and ffiall obey and perform the fame and every of them ; and that in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (except Water and Gas Light Companies and the Commiffioners of Sewers, and who are to conform to the particular Provifions of this Adi relating to them,) fhall take or break up, or Removing Pave-caufe to be taken or broken up, or fhall wilfully damage any Pave- ments, &c. with-ment in any Streets or public Places, or fhall make or caufe to be out Content, made any Alteration therein, without fuch Confent as aforefaid, certified as aforefaid, then any and every fuch Perfon or Perfons in every fuch cafe fo offending, fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit Pennky. and pay a Sum not being lefs than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds ; and alfo for each and every Square Foot of fuch Pavement exceeding One Foot fo taken or broken up or altered, or fo wilfully damaged, fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not being lefs than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter diredled to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

LIV. And be it further enadted, That the Commiffioners or Commiftioners Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of may furvev the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diflridls Pavements> within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, may from time to time and at all times hereafter infpedl and furvey all Streets or public Places, or other Parts of their refpedlive parochial or other Diftridls, as may not have been theretofore paved or repaired by virtue of or under the refpedlive local Adi or Adis of Parliament for fuch parochial or other Difiridl, and whether the fame fhall have been or ffiall not have been theretofore paved by any other Perfon or Perfons than fuch Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, by virtue of fuch local Adi or Atfts of Parliament ; and that as to any fuch Part or Parts as may have been already paved, in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, that fuch Parts being then paved are not in fufficient Repair, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or for their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being, to caufe a Notice or Notices under the Hand of a Surveyor and give Notice of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftridl to be given to to Owner or orjfor the Owner or Owners, or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all Qccupierto or any Meffuages, Houfes, Lands or other Hereditaments adjoining ^ve’ to fuch Parts of the faid Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their refpedlive parochial or other Diftridls theretofore paved as are not in fufficient Repair, and by fuch Notice or Notices to require fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to pave or to repave, or to repair, (as fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other

Perfons

620

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

a.d. i8ir.

Owner thereupon not paving

Perfons as aforefaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavement as aforefaid, fhall think expedient,) the Foot and Carriage Pavements abutting on the MefTuages, Houfes, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by him or them, acrofs the Street or public Place wherein or on one Side whereof any fuch MefTuages, Houfes, Lands or other Hereditaments may be fituated; and that fuch Notice or Notices may be given to or left for fuch Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, or any or either of them, at his or their or any or either of their ufual or laft known Place or Places of Abode, or at or on or affixed againft the MefTuages, Houfes, Lands or other Hereditaments, or force of them, or Tome Part thereof, belonging to or occupied by fuch Owners or Occupiers refpedfively, or at or on fome Premifes adjoining thereto ; and that in cafe any fuch Owner or Occupier, within Seven Days after any fuch Notice fhall be given or left as Uc’	aforefaid,	fhall not well and effectually pave or repave or repair all fuch

Foot and Carriageway Pavement purfuant thereto, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or of their faid Surveyor for the time being, then it {hall and may Commiffioners, be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Per-atcExpence°of6 ^ons as af°re^a^j or for their Surveyor, to direCt fuch Pavement to Owner or Occu- paved or repaved or repaired with fuch Materials and in fuch pier.	manner	as they may direCt, and by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or

he may from time to time appoint, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them, who fhall not have paved or repaved or repaired fuch Foot or Carriageway Pavements to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, or of the Surveyor of Pavements as aforefaid ; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts fhall be afeertained and determined by the faid Surveyor of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other DiflriCl, and fhall be certified to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, who fhall have negleCted to pave or repave or repair according to fuch Notice as aforefaid, by a Note figned by fuch Surveyor of the Pavements by whom fuch Charges and Expences fhall have been afeertained, and fhall be given to or left for fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, at the Place or Places and in the manner in which Notices to pave or to repave or to repair are hereinbefore directed to be given or left ; and that the full Amount of fuch Charges and Expences, or fuch Portion thereof as the faid Surveyor Owner or Occu- may aPPort'on to each of fuch Owners or Occupiers in refpect of the pier, to be paid feveral MefTuages, Houfes, Lands or other Hereditaments as aforefaid

Amount, on being afeertained and certified to

by him. ' belonging to or occupied by each of them refpedtively, and mentioned in fuch Notice or Certificate of the faid Surveyor, fhall be paid by fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers refpedfively, to or for whom fuch Notice or Certificate was fo given or left as aforefaid, within Three Days after fuch Notice or Certificate fhall have been given or left as aforefaid, to the faid Surveyor of Pavements, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he fhall appoint, and whofe Receipt or Receipts fhall be a good and fufficient Difcharge, or good and fuf-ficient Difcharges, for the Monies in fuch Receipt or Receipts acknowledged to have been by him or them received; and that in cafe any fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, fhall not pay the fame accordingly within the time hereinbefore appointed. Penalty,	then	and in every fuch cafe he or they fhall forfeit and fhall pay to

the

Hosted by Google

A*D. 1817*

57* GEO. III.

C. Xxix.

621

the laid CommilTioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftrid, Doubly the Amount of the Charges and Expences fo certified as aforefaid as the Amount to be paid by him or them; and that the fame and every How recovered. Part thereof fhall and may be recovered in fuch and the fame manner, and by fuch and the fame Proceedings, or any of them, as are by this Ad authorized and directed for the Recovery of any Monies from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or Commifiioners of Sewers, or other Perfons, for the Cofts and Charges of repairing any Pavements by the Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrids within the Jurifdidion of this Ad ; but In what cafe of that in cafe the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons Commifiioners having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Dif-trid as aforefaid, fhall determine that it will be more expedient that be deemed with-any Streets or public Places or other Parts within their refpedive in their particu-parochial or other Diftrid, being paved and not in fufficient Repair, lar Jurtfdidtion; or that any other Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their refpedive parochial or other Diftrids, being thentofore paved, fhould be repaired or fhould be paved and thereafter repaired and kept in Repair, by them the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, then and in any and every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, to repair or to pave the fame or any Part thereof (as they may think expedient), and thereupon that all and every fuch Streets or public Places or Parts of their refpedive parochial or other Diftrids fo paved or repaired, fhall thenceforth be and be deemed to be within the particular Jurifdidion of fuch Commifiioners, Truftees or other Perfons; and that the and Owners, &c. Owners or the Occupiers of all Mefliiages and Hereditaments therein may be lated : may be rated and afiefied to the Rates and Afleflments to be made by virtue of this Ad, or of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftrid, either exclufively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objeds or Purpofes ; and that all Provifions in this Ad and in any local Ad or Ads of Parliament contained, relating to any Parts of any fuch parochial or other Diftrid as are already paved, fhall apply and extend to all fuch other Parts of the faid parochial or other Diftrid as may be fo paved or repaired under and by virtue of this A6t, or of the Provifions hereinbefore contained ; and alfo, that in cafe there fhall be in any Parifh within the Jurifdic- and may include don of this Ad any Streets or public Places which fhall not have other Streets and been included in the Jurifdidion of the Commifiioners or Truftees or	as

other Perfons having a Control of the Pavements therein, by virtue herein mention-of or under any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, and which are not ed, within their included in the Jurifdidion of any other Paving Commifiioners or Jurifdi&ion; Truftees or other Perfons, by Prefcription or by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, and it fhall appear to any fuch Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons to be expedient that fuch Streets or public Places fhould be included within their Jurifdidion, then it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Commifiioners, Truftees or other Perfons fo to order and determine ; and that thereafter all and every fuch Streets and public Places fhall be from thenceforth included within the Jurifdidion of fuch Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons ;

and

Hosted by Google

<wd Powers of A£t, 8cc. to extend thereto.

Provifo where more than One iri One lAirifh under J ui ifdi6tion of ft; l>arate Com-milTioners.

Commiffioners of Sewers to make and repair Grates.

Netle6?ingfo to do on Notice,

Com mi fl]oners of Pavement,

Sen. may proceed.

Cxx57°GEO.IIL	A.D.1817.

and that all Powers and Authorities of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and of their Surveyors, Officers and Servants, and alfo the Powers and Provifions of the local Ad or Ads of Parliament for fuch parochial or other Diftrid, and of this Ad, fhall apply and exend thereto, in fuch and the fame manner as if fuch Streets or public Places, or any of them, had by virtue of the faid local Ad or Ads of Parliament or othervvife thentofore formed Part of the parochial Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of the faid Com-mifiioners or Trullees or other Perfons, and by fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament or otherwife had been originally and thentofore included therein, any thing in any fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament or in this Ad or otherwife to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding ; but provided that there fhall be more than One Diftrid, and under the jurifdidion of feparate Paving Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, in any one Parifh, then the Powers hereinbefore given to the Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, {hall and may be ufed and exercifed only by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular Diftrid, within any fuch Parifh, whofe Diftrid fhall be contiguous or neareft to any fuch Streets or public Places, or in cafe they fhall refufe to include the fame and to order and determine as aforefaid, then by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular Diftrid within any fuch Parifh as doth contain the greateft Number of the Mefiuages and Hereditaments then being within any fuch Parifh as aforefaid, and may and fhall not be ufed or exercifed or claimed by any other Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons whom foe ver.

LV. And be it further enaded, That when and fo often as at any time or times hereafter there fhall be Occafion to make any new or additional Grate, or to repair or alter any Grate now placed or hereafter to be placed over any public Sewer in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, the fame fhall be made, repaired, or altered by and at the Expence of the Commiffioners of Sewers ading for fuch parochial or other Diftrid, or fuch Part thereof wherein any fuch Street or public Place may be fituate, and fhall be laid down in fuch Places and in fuch manner and form as fhall be direded by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in fuch parochial or other Diftrid, or by their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being; and the faid Commiffioners of Sewers fhall alfo from time to time and at all times repair, cleanfe and empty any and every public Sewer within their Jurifdidion, whenever they fhall be required fo to do by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrid wherein any fuch public Sewer may be fituated, at the like Expence of the faid Commiffioners of Sewers’*; and in cafe the faid Commiffioners of Sewers fhall refufe of negledt to execute any of fuch Works for the Space of Two Days next after any fuch Notice in Writing given or left as is hereinbefore direded as to any other Works to be executed by them, then and in any and every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, to caufe fuch Grate or

Grates

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

623

Grates to be made, repaired, altered and laid down, and all or any fuch public Sewers to be repaired, cleanfed and emptied, by fuch Perfon or Perfons and in fuch manner as they may direct:, employ and appoint, and to their Satisfaction ; and the Coils and Charges thereof (hall be certified to the faid Commiflioners of Sewers, and fhall be reim-burfed or paid by them in the manner and within the time hereinbefore directed as to the Charges of relaying Pavements, and ihall and may be obtained and recovered of them in like manner, and by fuch and the fame Proceedings, or any of them, as are hereinbefore directed or authorized as to the Recovery of any Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diitrict within the Jurifdiction of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrict within the Jurifdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter may make or caufe to be made any new public Sewers or Drains to communicate with the faid Streets or public Places within their refpective parochial or other Diftricts or any of them, and with any other public Sewer under the Jurifdiction of any Commiflioners of Sewers, and alfo any new Grate or Grates over fuch new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, but conformably to the Regulations of the faid Commiflioners of Sewers for the time being; and the Expences attending the making any fuch new Sewers or Drains or Grates over fuch new Sewers or Drains, fhall be borne and paid by the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, out of the Monies raifed and to be raifed for and towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavements within their refpective parochial or other Dictrict, or out of fuch Monies as they the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, may contribute thereto ; and that it Ihall and may be lawful to and for fuch Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid to contribute out of any Monies which they fhall receive and poflefs by virtue of any Rates or Afleflments, fuch Sum or Sums as they may think proper towards the Expences of or incidental to the making of any fuch new Sewers or Drains, or new Grates over fuch new Sewers or Drains, by the faid Commiflioners of Sewers, or by any other Perfons ; and that the fame Sewers or Drains or Grates, when made and completed, fhall be under the Care, Management and Dire&ion of the Commiflioners of Sewers, in like manner as other public and common Drains or Sewers ; and the faid Commiflioners of Sewers fhall thereafter caufe fuch Sewers or Drains from time to time to be repaired, cleanfed and emptied, and fuch Grate or Grates to be from time to time repaired, replaced or altered in the manner diredted by any local A61 or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or by this A61, as to any former or other Sewers or Drains or Grates ; and the fame Sewers or Drains or Grates fhall be fubjedt to all the Provifions relating to any Sewers or Drains or Grates contained in any local A 61 or A6ts of Parliament for any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, or in this A61.

LVII. And be it further enadled, That whenever from time to time or at any time hereafter it fhall appear to the Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jjurifdi6tion of this A6t, or to any Two or more of them, or to

their

and may recover the Charges.

New Sewers and Grates may be alfo made and repaired by Commiflioners &c. of Pavement.

How Expences paid.

To be under

Commiflioners of Sewers.

Private Drains alfo to be cleanfed,

624

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

on Notice by Commiflioners, Sec. to Owner or Occupier of Houle, &c.

Owner, &c. neglecting,

their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, or any of theta, that any private Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourfe running beneath or above or communicating with any other Drain or Sewer beneath any of the Pavements of any of the Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other Diftrid doth require to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleanfed, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Per-fons having the Control of fuch Pavements as aforefaid, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors as aforefaid for the time being, or any of them, to give or caufeto be given a Notice or Notices under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, to or for the . Owner or Owners or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all or any Meffuages, Houfes, Lands or other Hereditaments to whom fuch Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourfe fhall belong, or by whom the fame (ball be ufed or enjoyed, or from whofe Meffuages, Houfes, Lands or Hereditaments any fuch Drain, Sewer, Gutter or Watercourfe fhall proceed or flow, or wherewith the fame or any fuch Ceffpool fhall communicate, well and fufficiently to repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanfe the fame and every Part thereof ; and in cafe any fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, within Three Days after any fuch Notice fhall be given or left as aforefaid, fhall not well and effectually repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanfe any fuch Drain or Sewer and every Part thereof, purfuant to fuch Notice, and to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, orjfor their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to dired fuch Drain, Sewer, Ceffpool, Gutter or Watercourfe to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleanfed, with fuch Materials and in fuch manner as they or he may direCt, and by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or he may from time to time appoint ; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts, and alfo of taking up, relaying or repairing any Pavements in any Streets or public Places which may for thofe Purpofes or any of them be taken up, fhall be afeer-tained and determined by fuch Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements as aforefaid, and fhall be certified by him or them to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and fhall be paid by him or them and may recover within the fame time, and may be recovered with the fame Penalties in cafe of Nonpayment, in fuch and the fame manner and by fuch and the fame Proceedings, as are by this Ad authorized and directed for the afeertaining and determining, certifying and recovering, any Monies to become due and to be recovered from any Perfons whom-foever, for the Cofts and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid. within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, may caufe Pofts of Wood, Stone or Iron to be fet up near or adjoining the Foot Pavements,

in

Com miffi Oners, &c. may proceed

Charees.

Ports may be ere&ed in Streets, 8cc. for the Prefervation ofthePavemems and Prevention of Accidents.

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.xxix.

625

in fuch Part or Parts of all or any of the Streets or public Places within their refpe&ive parochial or other Dillridls, as they fhall judge neceflary ; and alfo fhall and may fet up Polls and Rails near or adjoining to any vacant Ground, or other expofed or dangerous Place, abutting upon or adjoining to any of the Streets or public Places in fuch parochial or other Diftri6t, in cafe they fhall think proper fo to do, for preventing Accidents or Cafualties ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully or carelefsly knock down, break, damage or injure fuch Polls or Rails, or any of them, every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being lefs than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Ten Pounds ; and fhall alfo make a full Satisfaction (to be afcertained by the Jullice before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be conviCted) to fuch Commiflioners, Trullees or other Perfon or Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiftriCt within which the Offence fhall be committed, for the Damage fo done ; and that fuch Penalty and Satisfaction fhall be recovered in the fame manner in which Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACt.

LIX. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners, Trullees or any other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiltriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, and who by any local ACt or ACts of Parliament relating thereto are alfo authorized and empowered to direCt the cleanfing of the Streets or public Places within fuch parochial or other DillriCt, at any time or times hereafter to agree by private Contrad or by public Auction, or by Tender or Propofal if they fliall think fit, for any time not exceeding Three Years, with any Perfon or Perfons to be the Scavenger or Scavengers* Raker or Rakers, Cleanfer or Cleanfers of the Streets and public Places within the faid parochial or other DillriCt i and' fuch Perfon or Perfons, on a certain Day in every Week,, and oftener when thereunto required by any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners or Trullees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or by the Surveyor of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other DillriCt, or any InfpeCtor or other Officer or Perfon- appointed by them or any of them, fhall bring or caufe to be brought convenient Carriages into all fuch Streets or public Places where fuch Carriages can be drawn near or pafs unto, and at or before their Approach, by Bell, Horn, Clapper or otherwife, by a loud Noife or Cry, fliall give Notice to the Inhabitants, and fhall give the like Notice in every other Place into which the faid Carriages cannot pafs and abide ; and fuch Scavengers, Rakeis or Cleanfers fhall take and carry away or caufe to be taken and carried away from the refpeClive Houfes and Premifes of the Inhabitants or Occupiers, their Soil, Alhes, Cinders, Rubbifh, Dull,Dirt and Filth, and all which the faid Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers fliall carry away or caufe to be carried away at their own Coils and Charges, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum of Forty Shillings for every NegletSl or Default, (except neverthe-lefs all fuch Rubb-ilh, Earth, Dull and Filth as fhall be occafioned by building, repairing, amending or altering any Houfe or Houfes or any other Building or Buildings, or by cleanfing or repairing any Drain or Sewer) ; and alfo that the faid Rubbilh, Earth, Dull or Soil thereby occafioned, and every Part thereof, within the Space of 57 Geo. III.	S	s	Twelve

Damaging, 5:c. the fame,

Penalty.

Commiflioners, &c. may appoint Scavengers.

Duty^ of fuch Scavenger in removing Dirt, &c.

Penalty 40s.

Hosted by Google

<526

C.xxix.

57" GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Owner or Occupier of Houles, &c. not removing Dirt, fcc. Penalty jh

Penalty.

Power to Com-miflioners to appoint. different Perfons to col-ledt and to pof-fel's the Dirt, &c.

Perfons, other than inch Scavengers, removing, fee. Dirt,&c.

Proceedings.

Twelve Hours after the fame or any Part thereof fhall be firft left or placed in any Street or public Place, fhall be carried away by or at the Charge of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Houfes and Buildings, or by the Commiflioners of fuch Sewers refpe&ively as aforefaid ; and that fuch Owners or Occupiers or Commiflioners neglecting to remove the fame and every Part thereof, or to caufe the fame to be removed, within the time above limited, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every NegleCt to remove the fame within the time above limited 5 and alfo, that if any Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe to permit fuch other Soil, Afhes, Cinders, Rubbifh, Dull, Dirt or Filth to be taken away by the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers, or other Perfons appointed by and agreeing with the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, then every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall in like manner forfeit and fhall pay the like Sum of Five Pounds ; Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control as aforefaid, either to contract and agree with and to appoint the fame Perfon or Perfons or a different Perfon and other Perfons to be the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers within their parochial or other DiftriCt of the Streets or public Places therein, and to be the Perfons to colleCt and carry away and poffefs and retain the Soil, Afhes, Cinders, Rubbifh, Dull, Dirt and Filth from the Houfes and Premifes within their refpeCtive parochial or other DiftriCts, as they fhall deem moft expedient ; but that the Right and Benefit of fuch Soil, Afhes, Cinders, Rubbifh, Dull, Dirt and Filth, fhall belong excluftvely to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be from time to time by the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid appointed to colleCt and poffefs the fame ; any thing in any local ACt or Adds of Parliament or in this ACt to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX. And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons other than the Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers of any parochial or other DiftriCt, or the other Perfon or Perfons employed or appointed by or contracting with the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, to colleCt and retain the Dull, Cinders or Afhes within their refpeCtive parochial or other DiftriCt, or thofe employed by and under fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall on any Pretence what-foever go about to colledt or gather, or fhall afk for, receive or carry away any Duft, Cinders or Afhes, it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within which fuch parochial or other DiftriCt may be lituate, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him fuch Offender or Offenders, and alfo for any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fee any fuch Offence committed to feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons to affift in feizing, the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made ufe of for carrying the fame away ; and by the Authority of this Adt, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them before fuch Juftice of the Peace, or any Juftice of the Peace for the faid City-, Borough or County ; and fuch Juftice fhall and he is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Perfon or Perfons apprehending fuch Offender or Offenders, or any Witnefs or Witneffes who fhall

appear

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

627

appear to give Information or Evidence touching fuch Offence ; and if the Party or Parties fhall be convifted of going about to col-left or gather, or of afking for, receiving or carrying away any Duft, Cinders or Afhes from any Houfe or other Premifes within any parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, not being the Perfon or Perfons employed or appointed by or contraft-ing with the faid Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements within fuch parochial or other Diftrift, to colleft and poffefs the Duft, Cinders and Afhes from the Houfesand Premifes therein, or not afting with or under his or their Authority, he, {he or they fhall refpeftively, for the Firft Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds ; and for the Third asid every other fub-fequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and One Moiety of which refpeftive Penalties fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety fhall be paid and fhall belong to the Perfon or Perfons fo employed or appointed by or contrafting with the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid ; and if fuch Offender or Olfenders fhall not on Conviftion pay the faid Penalty or Penalties, fuch Juftice is hereby required to direft fuch Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which fhall have been fo feized, to be ap-praifed and fold ; and after dedufting out of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reafonable Charges and Expences of fuch Warrant, and of fuch Diftrefs, Appraifement and Sale, the Overplus thereof fhall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whofe Horfes and other Things fhall be appraifed and fold; and in cafe there fhall have been no fuch Seizure as aforefaid, or if the Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts or other Things which fhall be appraifed and fold, fhall not produce a fuflicient Sum of Money to pay the faid Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if fuch Offender or Offenders fhall not upon the Conviftion pay the faid Penalty or Penalties, or fuch Part or Parts of the faid Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, which fhall remain over and above the Produce of the Horfes, Affes, Cattle, Carts and other Things fo feized and fold, then fuch Juftice is hereby required to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the City, Borough or County where fuch parochial or other Diftrift fhall be fituate, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unlefs fuch Penalty or Penalties, and Charges and Expences, and every Part thereof, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied*

LX1. And be it further enafted, That in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo employed or appointed by or contrafting with the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall negleft for the Space of Seven Days to bring or caufe to be brought Carts or proper Carriages into all the Streets or public Places as aforefaid where fuch Carriages can pafs, and to give Notice in manner aforefaid to the Inhabitants of their coming, for the Pur-pofe of taking away fuch Duft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbifli, Filth, Cinders and Afhes, and to give the like Notice in every Place into which the faid Carts and Carriages cannot pafs, or to take away and remove all fuch Duft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbifh, Filth or Cinders or Afhes from

S s 2	the

Firlt Offence. Second Offence. Subfequent Offence. Penalty.

If Penalty net paid,

Proceedings.

On the Negleft of Scavengers to remove Dull for Seven Davs, tne Dull may be removed by any other Perfon,

Hosted by Google

on Notice to Scavenger.

Dirt not to be fwept into any Common Sewer.

Penalty 5I.

Footways to be fwept by Occupier daily during Froft and Snow.

Except Sunday.

Penalty.

the Houfes and Premifes of all and every the Inhabitants of fuch Streets or public Places* or from fuch Part or Parts of fuch Houfes or Premifes where fuch Daft, Dirt, Soil, Rubbifh, Filth, Cinders and Allies fhall be depofited, that then (after Twenty four Hours* Notice given to fuch Perfon or Perfons fo employed or appointed by or contracting with the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons for the Purpofes aforefaid, or left for him or them at his or their ufual Houfe or Houfes, Yard or other Premifes, requiring him or them to bring or caufe to be brought Carts or Carriages to take away their Dull, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Afhes, and to take away and remove the fame from their refpedlive Houfes and Premifes,} it fhall and may be lawful for fuch of the Inhabitants of fuch of the faid Streets or public Places, who fhall have given fuch Notice as aforefaid, to give away or to fell their Duft, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Afhes to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and that fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall take and carry away the faid Duft, Dirt* Filth, Cinders or Afhes, fhall not be fubjedl or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for fo doing upon every fuch Negledt ; any thing in this Adt or in any local Adi or Adis of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LXII. And be it further enadted, That no Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Perfon, fhall fweep, rake or place any of the Slop, Mud, Dirt, Duft, Rubbifh, Afhes, Filth or Soil, found or being in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Dif-tridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, or any other Slop, Mud* Dirt, Duft, Rubbifli, Afhes, Filth, Soil or other Articles or Things, over any Grate or Grates placed above or communicating with any common or public Drain or Sewer, or into any common or public Drain or Sewer ; and that any and every Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Perfon or Perfons, who fhall fo offend, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and fhall pay the Sum of Five Pounds,, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter diredted to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

LXIII. And be it further enadled, That every Occupier of any Houfe, Tenement, Warehoufe, Shop, Shed, Coach Houfe,. Stable, Chapel, Meeting Houfe or other public or private Building in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, during the Continuance of Froft* or after or during the Fall of Snow, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, fhall once in every Day before the Hour of Tea of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, except Sunday, fweep. and cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept and cleanfed, the Footway all along the front Side or back Walls of their refpedlive Houfes, Tenements, Warehoufes, Shops, Sheds, Coach Houfes, Stables, Chapels, Meeting Houfes or other public or private Building ; and that every Occupier who fhall negledl lb to do fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered and applied in fuch and the fame manner in which other Penalties are by this Adi hereinafter diredted to be recovered and applied ; and alfo that the Owner or Owners of any Houfe or other Tenement within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, which may be let furnifhed, or in divided Apartments, fhall be deemed and taken, for the Purpofe of this Provifton, to be

Hosted by Google

629

A,D. 1817.	57°GEO. III.	C.xxix.

the Occupier or Occupiers of every fuch Houfe or other Tenement refpedlively.

LXIV. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, at any time or times hereafter, beat or dull any Carpet or Carpets ; or fhall drive any Carriage or Carriages, for the Purpofe of breaking, exercifing or,trying Horfes ; or fhall ride any Horfe, Mare or Gelding for the Purpofe of exer-cifing, airing, trying, fhewing or expofing fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding for Sale, (otherwife than by palling through fuch Streets or other public Places) ; or fhall throw, cafl or lay^, or fhall caufe, permit or fuffer to be thrown, call or laid, or to remain, any Afhes, Duft, Dirt, Rubbifh, Offal, Dung, Soil, Blood or other Filth or Annoyance, or any matter or thing, in or upon the Carriageway or Footway Pavement of any fuch Street or other public Place in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi ; or fhall kill, daughter, fcald, drefs or cut up any Beafl, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or other Cattle, in or fo near to any of the faid Streets or other public Places, as that any Blood or Filth fhall run or flow upon or over, or be on any or either of fuch Pavements ; or fhall run, roll, drive, draw or place, or caufe, permit or fuffer to be run, rolled, driven, drawn or placed, upon any of the faid Footway Pavements of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow or Truck, or any Hogfhead, Calk or Barrel; or fhall wilfully ride, lead or drive any Horfe, Afs, Mule or other Beafl uporTany of the Footway Pavements aforefaid ; then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Juflice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any fuch parochial or other Diflridl may be fituate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to iffue a Summons requiring fuch Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at fuch time and place as fhall be in fuch Summons fpecified ; or it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who fhall fee any fuch Offence committed, if he or they fhall think proper, to feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons to affift in feizing, fuch Offender or Offenders by the Authority of this Adi, and by fuch Authority, and without any other Authority or Warrant whatfoever, to convey fuch Offender or Offenders before fome Juflice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any fuch parochial or other Diflridl may be fituate ; and upon the Party or Parties appearing in purfuance of fuch Summons, or not appearing after having been fo fummoned, or being brought before fuch Juflice when fo feized or otherwife, he the faid Juflice fhall proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witnefs or Wit-neffes who fhall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching fuch Offence ; and if the Party or Parties accufed fhall be convidled of any or either of the Offences aforefaid upon his or their own Confeffion, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo convidled fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not lefs than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds for each and

S	s 3	every

Beating Carpets, breaking Horfes, driving Barrows, and Carriages on Pavement?, and throwing Filth, &c.

Proceedings.

Penalty,

'Hosted by Google

C, xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

Piling, See. Carriages, Stalls, Bailee:s. Wares and otaer Mar-ters herein mentioned on the Footway ,Nrc.;

Exceptions;

or placing Timber, Bricks, &c. Exception;

cr hanging out Meat, &c.;

or Garden PotSj See

Exception;

-Ja<-

/'■V

and not removing the fame on being required ;

every Offence ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Penalty (hall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall apprehend fuch Offender or Offenders ; and the other Moiety thereof fhall be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein any fuch Offence or Offences fhall have been committed.

LXV. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons at any time or times hereafter fhall fet or place, or caufe or permit to be fet or placed by any Servant or Perfon employed by him, her or them, or other wife, any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Shew Board, on Hinges or otherwife, Bafket, Wares, Merchandize, Caffes or Goods of any Kind whatfoever ; or fhall hoop, place, wafh or cleanfe, or caufe to be hooped, wafhed or cleanfed, any Pipe, Barrel, Caffe or Veffel, in or upon or over any Part of the Carriage or Footways in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or pother Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi ; or fhall fet out, lay or place, or caufe or procure, permit or fuffer to be fet out, laid or placed, any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage upon any of the faid Carriage Ways, (except fuch Coaches, Chariots and Chairs as have been or fhall be hereafter licenfed by the Commiflioners for regulating and licenfing Hackney Coaches, Chariots and Chairs, and which ftand for Hire according to the Statutes and Bye Laws made for thofe Purpofes,) and alfo except for the neceffary time of loading or unloading any Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, or taking up or fetting down any Fare, or waiting for Paffengers when actually hired, or harneffing or unharnefiing the Horfes from any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage^ or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall fet or place, or caufe to be fet or placed, in or upon or over any of the faid Carriage or Footways, any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or other Materials or Things for building whatfoever, (unlefs the fame fhall be inclofed, as in and by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or by this Adi, or fome of them, may be diredled,) or any other matters or things whatfoever; or fhall hang out or expofe, or caufe or permit to be hung out or expofed, any Meat or Offal, or other matter or thing whatfoever, from any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings or Premifes belonging to or occupied by him, her or them, over any Part of either of fuch Pavements, or over any Area or Areas of any Houfes or other Buildings or Premifes, or fhall place or put out, or caufe or permit to be placed or put out,

, any Garden or other Pots, (except the fame fhall be perfedlly fecured from falling, to the Satisfadlion of the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or of their Surveyor of :he Pavements for the time being,) or any other matter or thing, from and on. the Outfide of the Front or any other Part of any Houfe or Houfes, or other Buildings or Premifes, over or next unto any fuch Street ; or public Place ; and fhall not immediately remove all or any fuch matters or things, being thereunto required by any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or by any other Perfon or Perfons employed or appointed by the Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons hav-

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

67° GEO. IIL

C. xxix.

631

ing the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diflridl ;

and whether the fame fliall have been fo fet or placed, expofed or put

out by himfelf, herfelf or themfelves perfonally, or by any of his,

her or their Servants, or by any Perfon or Perfons employed by

him, her or them, and (hail not continue and keep the fame fo

removed; or if any Perfon or Perfons having, in purfuance of any or,havingre-

fuch Requifition or Requifitions as aforefaid, removed or caufed movfd’ replacing

to be removed any fuch Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, tJle lame>&c*

Bafket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain,

Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Carriage, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things, (hall at any time thereafter again fet, lay or place, expofe or put out, or caufe, procure, permit or fuffer to be again fet, laid or placed, expofed or put out, the fame or any of them, or any other Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block,

Bafket, Wares, Merchandize, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Timber,

Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things whatfoever, (fave and except as aforefaid,) in or upon or Exception, over any of the Carriage or Footways of or next unto any Streets or public Places within the fame parochial or other Diftri£l as aforefaid ; then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful Proceedings, to and for any Juflice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the faid parochial or other Diflri£t may be fituate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made by any One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, to iffue a Summons requiring the Perfon or Perfons accufed of fuch Offence, or the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Materials, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons,

Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which fhall be fo fet or placed, expofed or fet out, or the Mailer or Mailers of the Perfon or Perfons, by whofe Servants, or by the Perfon or Perfons employed by whom, fuch Offence fhall have been committed, to appear before him, or before any other Juflice of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County, as fhall be then or there prefent, at fuch time and Place as fhall be in fuch Summons fpecified, and then and there to proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witnefs or Witneffes who fhall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching fuchOffence ; and if the Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforefaid, upon his, her or their own Confeffion, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes as aforefaid, he, fhe or they who fhall be fo convi&ed, and the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods, Materials, Meat* Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows,

Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which fhall be fo fet or placed, expofed or fet out as aforefaid, and the Mailer or Maflers, Employer or Employers of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall forfeit and pay for the Firfl Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for Firft Offence, the Second and every fubfequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Subfeqnenc Five Pounds ; and that fuch refpe6live Penalties fhall be paid to the Offence, Treafurer or Treafurers of the Commiffioners, Truflees or other *>enalty‘ Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public

Ss 4	Places	^ /j



Hosted by

Google

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

And Stalls, &c. may be feized.

Peiilliable Seizures, how difpofed of.

Other Seizures, how difpofed of.

If Goods (not perifhable) not claimed within Five Days, Proceedings.

A.D. 1817*

Places in the parochial or other Diftridl wherein any fuch Offence fhall have been committed, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they fhall direct and appoint ;^and alfo, that not only fhall fuch Penalties become payable and to be recovered, but that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons appointed or to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid for that Purpofe, without any Warrant or other Authority than this A61, to feize any fuch Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Bafket, Wares, Merchandize, Cafks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, together with the Horfe or Horfes, Afs or A{fes7"Mule or Mules, if any fhall be, thereunto belonging, with the Harnefs, Gear and Accoutrements thereof, or any fuch Timber or other Materials, or other matters or things aforefaid, or any of them ; and in cafe any of the Wares, Goods and Merchandizes fo feized fhall be perifhable, or fhall be Articles of Food, then the fame fhall be immediately forfeited, and fuch Perfon ’or Perfons who fhall feize the fame fhall deliver the fame or caufe the fame to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor, or fome of them, or to the Mafter of any Workhoufe fituate in the faid parochial or other Diflrift, or of the Parifh whereunto fuch DiftriA fhall belong ; and the fame fhall and may be given and diftributed by him or them unto one or among any one or more of the poor Inhabitants of the faid parochial or other Diftritfl, or of fuch Workhoufe, to and for his or their Benefit ; but otherwise fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall caufe the Stall Board, Bafket, Cafk, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, Horfe or Horfes, Affes or Mules, or any Materials and Things fo feized, to be removed to any Place appointed for the Reception thereof in any fuch parochial or other Diflri<fl, if any fuch there be, and otherwife to fuch Place or Places as he or they fhall judge convenient, giving parole or written Notice of fuch Place or Places whereunto the fame fhall be removed, unto the Owner, Driver or other Perfon having any Intereft in the Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, SlecTge, Truck or other Carriage, Horfes, Affes, Mules, Materials or other things fo feized or removed, if he, fhe or they fhall be then and there prefent ; and the fame fhall be there kept and detained until fuch Owner, Driver or other Perfon interefted therein as aforefaid fhall caufe to be paid the faid Penalty, together with the Charges for taking or removing the fame^Jand of keeping fuch Horfe or Horfes, Affes or Mules, if any ; and in cafe the Goods, Carriage, Horfes, Materials or other things fo removed (not being perifhable or Articles of Food) fhall not be claimed, and the faid Penalty and Charges be paid, within Five Days next after fuch Removal thereof, then and in every fuch caie it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners or Truflees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavements, or any other Perfon to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, to order the fame to be appraifed and fold ; and the Overplus of the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, if he or they fhall have given fuch Notice as aforeiaid, after deducting the faid Penalty, and fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences attending fuch feizing, removing, keeping, appraifing

and

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C* xxix.

6.13

and felling the fame, as the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or any Surveyor of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diflridfc, (hall afcertain and allow.

LXVI. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where by this AS. or by any local A61 or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this A61, it may be directed, required and provided, that any Perfon or Perfons fetting or placing any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Bafket, Wares, Merchandize, Pipe, Barrel, Calk or Veffel, Goods, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or any other materials, matters or things, or caufing or procuring the fame or any of them to be fet or placed upon any of the Carriage or Foot Pavements or otherwife, contrary to the Regulations herein or in any fuch local AS or Adts contained, in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurifdidlion of this AS, or that any Perfon or Perfons driving or placing any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage in or upon or over any of the Foot Pavements in any Streets or Places within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or caufing or procuring the fame to be fo driven or placed, fhall have Notice and be required to remove the fame previous to fuch Perfon or Perfons being fubjedl or liable to the Penalty or Penalties impofed by virtue of fuch local AS or Adis or of this AS, and to the Seizure, Forfeiture, Appropriation, Appraifement or Sale of any fuch Goods, Materials, matters and other things, Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, in manner diredled by fuch local AS or Adis or by this AS, then if any Perfon or Perfons (hall fet or place any Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or fhall fet, place or drive any Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages upon or over the faid Pavements, or any of them, or any Part thereof, at any time or times fubfequent to his, her or their having received fuch Notice, or having been required to remove the fame, or any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or any other Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages from off the faid Pavements or any of them, or fhall caufe or permit the fame or any of them to be fet or placed or driven by his or their Servants, or by any Perfon or Perfons employed by him or them ; in any and every fuch cafe it fhall not be neceffary or requifite that any Perfon or Perfons, feeing fuch Offence or Offences committed again, fhould require the Removal of the faid Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages ; but the fame or any of them, being fo again fet, placed or driven in, upon or over the faid Pavements or any of them, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Diredlions of any fuch local Adi or ASs of Parliament, or of this Adi, fhall and may be feized, forfeited, removed, applied, detained, appraifed and fold, in manner herein provided as to any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trunks or other Carriages, which fhall not be removed on a Requifition or Notice being given fo to do as hereinbefore provided; and the Perfon or Perfons fo committing the faid Offence or Offences, and the Owner or Owners

Placing Nui-fances and Annoyances,

after Notice,

frefh Notice not neceffary ;

but Goods, &c. may be feized, and Offenders liable.

Hosted by Google

684-

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

ciog Styes and other NuifuiKes

not removed on Complaint,

Penalty id. and Com jr.il-fioners, &:c. may proceed by Indictment.

P’jinhlunenC.

of the Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which fhall be fo placed or driven, and the Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall be fubjed and liable to the fame Penalty or Penalties, Forfeitures, Proceedings, Charges and Punifhments, as if fuch Per-fon or Perfons offending had negleded or refufed to remove the faid Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, when required fo to do, under and by virtue of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament, or of this Ad ; and although the faid Notices or Requiiitions fhall not have been repeated or again given to the Perfon or Perfons committing or direding or permitting fuch Offence or Offences, or any of them ; any thing in this Ad or in any local or other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LXVII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Hog Stye, Slaughter Houfe, Horfe-boiling Eftabliihment, or any other matter which in the Judgment of the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Dillrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, is a Nuifance to the other Inhabitants of fuch parochial or other Diftrid or any of them, at any time or times hereafter ttiali be in any of the Streets, Lancs or public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the faid Streets and public Places, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Inhabitant, and after due Invefti-gation of fuch Complaint, by Notice in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any of their Surveyor or Surveyors, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, to order that every or any fuch Hog Stye, NecefTary Houfe, Slaughter Houfe or other matter, being a Nuifance, fhall be forthwith remedied or removed ; and if the fame {hall not be remedied or removed within Seven Days after fuch Notice given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Premifes wherein fuch Nuifance or Nuifances fhall be fituate, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, or on the faid Premifes, then every fuch Owner or Occupier fo negleding to remedy or remove fuch Nuifance. purfuant to fuch Notice, and to the Satisfadion of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, ihall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every fuch Negled and Difobe-dience ; and alfo it may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons to indid or caufe to be indided fuch Perfon or Perfons fo negleding or difobeying any fuch Notice, at the then next or at any future General or Quarter Seffions or Adjourned Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diftrid may be lltuate, for fuch Nuifance, or for fuch Difobedience and Offence; and fuch Perfon or Perfons being found guilty thereof, fuch Nuifance or Nuifances fhall be removed, taken down and abated according to Law with regard to public or common Nuifances, or may be fubjed to fuch Punifhment for a Mifdemeanour, as the Juftices affembled

12	at

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

6 35

at a General, Quarter or Adjourned Seffions for the faid City, Borough or County, may direCl.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, at any time or times hereafter, fhall breed, feed, or keep any kind or Species of Swine in any Houfe, Building, Yard, Garden or other Hereditaments fituate and being in or within Forty Yards of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiClion of this A Cl, nor fhall fuffer any Kind or Species of Swine belonging to him or them to ftray or go about in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiClion of this Adi:; and that any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fo offend fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and fhall alfo forfeit the faid Swine and every of them unto the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCl ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Infpeftor or Infpedtors, or any other Officer or Perfon or Perfons directed and appointed by them, and for any Con-ftables and Headboroughs, at all times hereafter all fuch Swine to feize, take, drive and carry away, and fell for the beft Price that can be reafonably had ; and the Money thereby produced, after deducting all the Cofts and Charges of and incidental to fuch Seizure, Removal and Sale, to pay to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid fhall from time to time direCl and appoint.

LXIX. And be it further enaCled, That if any Perfon or Perfons at any time or times hereafter fhall fift, fereen or flack, or caufe to be fifted, fereened or flacked, any Lime in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiClion of this ACt, or fhall caufe the fame to be fo done, without the Confent of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in fuch parochial or other DiftriCl, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, and without alfo previoufly ereCting an Hoard or Inclofure, with the Licence of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCl firit obtained, as di reded in any local Aft or ACls of Parliament relating to any fuch parochial or other DiftriCl, or in this Aft, and which Hoard or Inclofure fhall inclofe all fuch Lime when and as it fhall be fifted, fereened or flacked ; then he, fhe or they fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum not being lefs than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties are hereafter direCted to be recovered by virtue of this Aft.

LXX. And be it further enaCted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Houfe, Building or Premifes in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the Jurifdiclion of this Aft, having any Iron or Wooden Rails or Bars over the Areas or Openings to any Kitchens or Cellars or other Part or Parts of his or their Houfe, Building or Premifes, beneath the Surface of the Foot Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCl, or having

any

Swine not to be kept, nor to wander in the Streets.

Penalty 40s. and Swine forfeited.

Such Swine l'eized, bow dif-pofed of.

Slacking, 8zc. Ume in the Streets without Confent of Com-miffioners, and ereCting In-clofures, &c.

Penalty.

Entrances to Cellars and Coal Holes, Bars over Areas, See. to be covered and fecured.

Hosted by Google

Owner or Occu-|.:er leaving the 'ame open; 8cc.

Ev'ceptiot: ;

or. not repairing, Sec.

Penalty.

Commiffioners, See. may caufe fuch Coal Holes, Sec. to be fecured.

Charges to be paid by the Owner or Occupier;

sad, if rot paid,

C.xxix.	57° Geo. III.	A.D.	181 f,

any Doorway or Entrance into the Bafement or Cellar Story thereof, fhall not either keep the fame, or the Walls of fuch Kitchens or Cellars, in Efficient and good Repair, or fafely and fecurely guard and constantly keep the fame fecurely guarded by a Rail or Rails, or cover the fame over with a ftrong Flap or Trap Door, according to the nature of the cafe, and to the Satisfaction of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridt for the time being, or of any Infpedtors or other Officers or Perfons appointed by the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons as. aforefaid, or fome of them, and fo as to prevent Danger to Perfons paffing and repaffing ; or if any fuch Occupier or Occupiers do or fhall leave open, or not Efficiently and fubftantially cover and keep' covered and fecured, to fuch Satisfaction as aforefaid, any Coal or other Hole, Funnel, Trap Door or Cellar Flap, belonging to or connected with his, her or their refpedlive Houfes, Buildings or Pre-mifes (fave and except only during fuch reafonable time as any Coals, Wood, Callcs or other things fhall be putting down or taking out of any fuch Vault or Bafement Story, or during fuch reafonable time as the Flap, Trap Door or Covering thereof fhall be altering^ repairing or amending) ; or if fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, fhall not repair, and from time to time keep in good and fubftantial Repair, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, Infpedtors or other Perfons appointed by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, all and every or any fuch Iron or Wooden Rails, Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors and other Covering ; then and in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons negleCting fo to do fhall for every or any fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being lefs than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in fuch and the fame manner in which other Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this ACt ; and that in any or either of fuch cafes of Negledt, it (hall and may be alfo lawful to and for any Two or more of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, and without the Authority of any public or general Meeting, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or for their Infpedtors, or for any other Perfon by fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons appointed as aforefaid, to caufe all and every fuch Doorways, Entrances, Holes and Funnels to be well and fecurely covered over and guarded, and all Iron or Wooden Rails, or Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors or Coverings, to be well and fubftantially repaired or renewed by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall think proper to employ, and with fuch Materials and in fuch manner as they or he may diredt ; and that all the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the fame be afeer-tained and certified by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridt, and fhall be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Perform or Perfons fo negledting to repair and make good the fame in manner aforefaid; and that if fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences fhall not be fo paid by fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall or may appoint to receive the fame, within Twenty four Hours after an Account

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.xxix*

count of the Cofts, Charges and Expences fo afcertained and certified fhall have been given to or left for fuch Perfon or Perfons at or on fuch Houfes, Buildings or Premifes, then double the Amount of the Sum fo certified fhall become due and payable from fuch Perfon or Perfons, over and above the other Penalties hereby impofed, and fhall and may be recovered and levied in fuch and the fame manner in which any other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered, or in which any Monies may be recovered from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any other Perfons, for or on account of any Cofbs and Charges of relaying any Pavements, by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or of this ACl.

LXXI. And be it further enadled, That if at any time or times hereafter any Perfon or Perfons fhall dig or make or caufe to be dug or made any Hole, or leave or caufe to be left any Hole before any vacant Ground, or before or behind or on the Side of any Houfe or other Tenement or Building eredted or being eredled or about to be eredled in and adjoining to any Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming in any parochial or other Diftridl within the TurifdiClion of this Adt, for the Purpofes. of making any Vault or Vaults, or the Foundation or Foundations to fuch Houfes or other Buildings, or for any other Purpofe whatfoever, and fhall not forthwith inclofe the fame in a good and fufficient manner, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being to the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or fhall keep up or caufe to be kept up and continued any fuch Inclofure for any time which fhall be longer than fhall be abfolutely neceffary in the Opinion of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, or fhall not, when thereunto required by fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or either of them, well and fufficiently fence or inclofe any fuch Hole or Holes, or Area or Areas, or Space or ‘Spaces, opened or left open, and intended for an Area or Areas, Foundation or Foundations, or for any other Purpofe whatfoever, in the Front of or behind or on the fide of fuch vacant Ground, Houfe or other Tenement or Building, in and adjoining to any fuch Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming, within Six Hours after he or they fhall be required fo to do by the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavement, and in the manner and with fuch Materials as he or they fhall diredl, and to his or their Satisfaction, then and in every or any fuch cafe he or they fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, and for every fuch Refufal or NegleCl, any Sum not being lefs than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this

Aft.

LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdi&ion of this ACl, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, from time to time and at all times hereafter, to regulate or remove, in fuch manner as he or they fhall from, time to time judge proper, all Signs,

6oJ

double rue Amount certified to be pa’d above the Penalties.

Holes made for Vaults, to be ind.ofecL

Penalty.

Signs and other Encroachments and Projection? to be regulated by Commiflioners, &c, of Pavements ;

Hosted by Google

638

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

and Owner or Occupier to oltcr or remove the fame according to the Judgment of the Comtml-fioners, &c. on Notice.

Neglecting fo to do,

Sign Irons, Sign Pofts and other Polls, Sheds, Penthoufes, Spouts* Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows projecting over any Part of either of the Footways or Carriage Ways of any of the laid Streets or public Places, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades, Rails, Pales, Palifades* Porches, Bulks, Shew Glaffes and Shew Boards, Pools, CefTpools, Citterns and Refervoirs for Water, and all other or any fixed or moveable Projections, on Hinges or otherwife, from the Fronts or Sides of any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings, and now affixed or belonging to, or which {hall be hereafter affixed or belonging to any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings in or abutting upon or contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the Jurisdiction of this ACt, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Houfes or other Buildings, and which in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, then do or may obttruCt the Circulation of Light and Air, or are inconvenient or incommodious to any PafTengers along the Carriage or Footways of any of the faid Streets or public Places of or within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, or any Part thereof, or to any Inhabitants of fuch parochial or other DiftriCt * and that the fame, and all the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthoufes of or belonging to fuch Houfes or Buildings refpeCtively, and all Water Pipes or Trunks affixed or belonging or to be affixed or belonging to any fuch Houfes or other Buildings refpeCtively, ffiall from time to time and at all times be regulated* removed, placed and altered by the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Houfes or other Buildings refpeCtively, as in the Judgment of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, (hall be necefiary or defirable for the public Convenience ; and that in cafe any Perfon or Perfons owning or occupying any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings in or abutting upon or^contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, on being required by any Notice figned by any Three or more Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiftriCt within which the faid Houfe or Houfes or Buildings may be fituate, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, given to or left for fuch Perfon or Perfons, or any of them, in or at or upon the faid Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings or any of them, or at his or their ufual or laft known Place or Places of Abode, ffiall not from time to time and at all times immediately either entirely remove or alter, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, any Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Pofts and other Pofts, Sheds, Penthoufes, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades, Sun Blinds, Awnings, Rails, Pales, Palifades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glaftes and Shew Boards, Pools, CefTpools, Citterns and Refervoirs, or other Things then fattened or affixed, or belonging to or connected with any fuch Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings, and all other fixed or moveable Projections.

1

Hosted by Google

57° GEO, III.

C.xxiw

Go 9

jeCtions or things projecting from the Fronts or Sides of, or added or appendant or belonging to any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings, over any Footways or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, or any Part, or any of them, and the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthoufes, Waterpipes or Trunks, affixed or to be affixed, or belonging or to belong unto or connected with any of fuch Houfes or Buildings refpeCtively ; then and in every fuch cafe any and every fuch Perfon or Perfons refufing or negleCting immediately fo to do, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, ffiall for every fuch Offence, and upon every fuch Refufal or NegleCt, forfeit and pay a Sum not being lefs than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds, and which may be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties are hereinafter direCted to be recovered by virtue of this ACt.

LXXIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Per- Slop, Soap Lees, fons at any time or times hereafter {hall drive or caufe to be driven &c. to be carried any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Am- onJy m covered moniacal Liquor, Slop, Filth or Channel Mire or Dirt therein, Carls-through or in any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, without fuch Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering or Boards, called Flaffi Boards, to prevent the fame from flopping or fpilling in any of the faid Streets or other public Places ; or ffiall at any time or times hereafter drive or caufe to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil or Ammoniacal Liquor therein, through or in any of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriCl within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock Hours of driving in the Evening of any Day; or ffiall fill any fuch covered Cart or and manner of other Carriage, fo as to turn over or call any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor, Slop, Mire or Channel Dirt or Filth, in or upon any of the faid Streets or other public Places; it ffiall Offender feized. and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to feize and apprehend and to affift in feizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this ACt, and without any other Warrant or Authority, to convey him or them before fome Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other DiftriCl ffiall be fituate ; and which Juftice is hereby authorized and required to hear Evidence and determine upon fuch Offence ; and every Perfon fo offending ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be re- pena]tv coyered in the fame manner as other Penalties are hereinafter direCted to be recovered by virtue of this ACt: Provided always, that in cafe the in whst calc Perfon or Perfons fo offending cannot be apprehended, then the Owner,&c. to Owner or Owners of fuch Cart or Carriage in which fuch Soap Pay*

Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor, Slop, Filth, Mire or Channel Dirt ffiall be put or placed, and alfo the Employer or Employers of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, ffiall be liable to and ihall forfeit and pay fuch Penalty as aforefaid, to be recovered as aforefaid.

LXXIV. And

Hosted by Google

640

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817,

Hours of remov. ing Night Soil,

fiC.

Offender may be apprehended. Proceed iy.gs.

Offender may be committed to Houfe of Correction.

Penalty 5I. on Owner, Sec. and Carts, &c. felzed. Proceedings thereon.

LXXIV. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons at any time or times hereafter fhall empty or begin to empty any Bog Houfe or Bog Houfes, or to take away any. Night Soil from any Houfe or Houfes or Premifes within the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other DiflriA within the Jurifdi&ion of this Ad, or fhall come with Carts or Carriages for that Purpofe (fave and except between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock in the Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas in every Year, and between Twelve of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady Day in every Year) ; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall put or caff or caufe to be put or call out of any Cart or Tub or otherwife any Night Soil in. or near, any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other Diltrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, it lhall be lawful for any Conftables, Headboroughs, Patrols, Beadles or Watchmen (and they are hereby ftridly charged and required and direded fo to do), or for any other Perfon or Perfons whomfover, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Ad, to apprehend and carry any Perfon or Perfons guilty of the faid Offences, or either of them, to any Watch Houfe of the parochial or other Diftrid wherein fuch Offence (hall have been committed, or to any other Place of Confinement or Security, and from thence to convey him, her or them, as foon as conveniently may be, before fome Juffice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diltrid fhall be lituate, who (upon Oath or Affirmation made of fuch Offence or Offences as aforefaid) fhall commit every fuch Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Corredion for the fame City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diltrid fhall be lituate as aforefaid, for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, to be computed from the Day of Commitment ; and the Owner or Owners of any Carts, Carriages, Horfes or Bealts employed in and about emptying or removing fuch Night Soil, or coming for that Purpofe (fave and except within the Hours hereby allowed), or the Employer or Employers of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fo put or caff out any fuch Night Soil, fhall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every fuch Offence ; and any Perfon or Perfons may feize fuch Carts or Carriages or the Horfes or Bealls drawing the fame, with the Gears, Harnefs and Accoutrements, and remove or take fuch Carts or Carriages, Horfes or Bealls, to fuch Place in the faid parochial or other Diltrid as may be appointed for fuch or fimilar Purpofes, if any fuch there be, or otherwife to fuch Place or Places as the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrid (hall order and dired, there to be detained until the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers, lhall pay the faid Penalty, together with all Colls, Charges and Expences incurred in and about or relating to the Seizure, removing and keeping the faid Carts or Carriages or Horfes, or in any manner incidental thereto ; and in cafe the fame fhall not be demanded, and the faid Penalty and all fuch Colls, Charges and Expences, to be afeertained and determined by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of the faid parochial or other Dillrid for the time being, and within Five Days next after fuch Seizure, then it lhall be lawful for fuch Surveyor or Surveyors to order the fame to be appraifed and fold, and the Money arifmg

therefrom

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C, xxix.

641

therefrom fhall be applied in Payment of fuch Penalty and Cofts, Charges and Expences ; -and after deducting the fame, the Overplus, as fo afcertained by the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, may be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, when he or they (hall apply for the fame ; and alfo that One Moiety of fuch Penalty (hall belong to and fhall be paid to or among the Perfon or Perfons giving Information of fuch Offences, or any of them, and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and feizing, removing and detaining fuch Carts or Carriages, and Horfes or Beafls, as hereinbefore is authorized and dire&ed.

LXXV. And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall ere£t, place, fet up or build, in any Street or other public Place in any parochial or other DiftriCt within the Jurifdi&ion of this A6f, at any time or times hereafter, any Hoard or Scaffolding, or place or ere£t any Pods, Bars, Rails, Boards or other thing, by way of Inclofure, for the Purpofe of making Mortar or of depofiting or fifting, fcreening or flacking any Brick, Stone, Lime, Sand or any other Materials for building or repairing any Houfe or other Tenement or Erection, or for other Works, or for any other Purpofe, without Leave or Licence firfl had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftridl, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame forthwith for the Purpofe of making Mortar, and depofiting or fifting, fcreening or flacking any Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand'or any other Materials for building or repairing any Houfe or other Tenement or Erection, fpecifying therein the Length of Time for which the fame when fo eredied or fet up may be continued, and giving fuch other Directions refpeCting the fame as he or they may think necefTary, on being paid by every Perfon fo applying for fuch Licence the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence ; and that if any Perfon or Perfons fliall eredt, place, fet up or build, or caufe or permit to be eredted, placed, fet up or built any fuch Hoard or Scaffolding, or any Inclofure, Pods, Bars or Rails, or any other matter or thing for the Purpofes aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe, without the Leave or Licence, figned as aforefaid, of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements fo had and obtained, or fhall eredt, fet up or build the fame, or caufe or permit the fame to be fet up or eredied in any other manner, or to be continued for any longer time than fliall be allowed or expreffed in fuch Licence, then and in either of the faid cafes fuch Perfon or Perfons or the Perfon or Perfons by whom he or they fliall or may be employed, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the fame fhall have been and fhall be fet up and continued ; and alfo that it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or for the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, to caufe the fame to be pulled down and removed, and the fame and all the Materials thereof, and of every Part thereof, to be kept and detained until fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall and do pay to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or to the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody the fame fhall be, all the Penalties incurred by fuch Perfon or Perfons, together with the Charges of pulling down, removing and keeping thefame, to be afcertained and determined by the faid Surveyor or 57 Geo. III.	T t	Surveyors;

Penalty, how difpofed of.

Hoards to be erected, but not without .Licence of Surveyor.

What is to be fpecified in Licence.

Fee.

Erefting Hoard, &c. without Licence,

or unduly continuing,

Penalty.

Commiflioners, See. may caufe Hoard, See. to be removed.

Proceedings

thereon.

Hosted by Google

642

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A, D. 1817-

CommilTioners may diredt Streets to he dif-tinguifhed, and Honfes to be numbered ; Exception.

Obliterating, &c. Number, &c.

Penalty. Names and Numbers to be reftored,

on Notice to Owner or Occupier.

Surveyors ; and in cafe the fame fhall not be claimed, and the faid Penalties and Charges aforefaid fhall not be paid, within the Space of Five Days next after the pulling down and Removal thereof, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, to order or caufe the fame to be ap-praifed and fold ; and the Money arifing therefrom, after deducting all the faid Charges, fhall be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they from time to time fhall or may diredt or appoint.

LXXVI. And be it further enadted, That the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adt, may order and diredl all and every the Houfes and other Tenements or Buildings within all or any of the Streets and other public Places within their refpedfive parochial or other Diftridt (if no other public Body fhall poflefs and have ex-ercifed fuch Power) to be numbered with Figures placed or painted upon or over the Doors thereof, or fuch other Part of the faid Houfes, Tenements or other Buildings refpedtively, as they the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the PavementsTor the time being, fhall think proper; and may alfo order and diredf to be engraved, painted or otherwife deferibed on a confpicuous Part of any Houfe, Tenement or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street and other public Place, the Name by which fuch refpedtive Street and public Place is ufually or properly called or known ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully deftroy, injure, obliterate or deface any fuch Number, Figure, Name or Defcription, or any Part thereof, or caufe or procure the fame to be deftroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, and fhall be convi&ed thereof by his or their own Con-feflion, or by the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, before any Juftice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diftridt fhall be fituate, and which Oath or Affirmation fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, every fuch Perfon fo offending for every fuch Offence fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and alfo, that when any Number, Figure, Name or Defcription fhall be engraven, painted or otherwife deferibed, placed or affixed as aforefaid on any Houfe, Tenement or other Building within any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, and the fame or any Part thereof fhall be deftroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Houfe, Tenement or other Building where the Number, Figure, Name or other Defcription or any Part thereof fhall have been fo deftroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, upon Notice given to or left for him or them at fuch Houfe, Tenement or Building, or at his or their laft or moft ufual Place of Abode, figned by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements to the Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftridf:, or by fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid fhall appoint, fhall caufe the fame Number, Figure, Name or De«

feription

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

643

*

fcription to be in the fame or like manner engraven, painted or defcribed, placed or affixed on fuch Houfe, Tenement and other Building, within Three Days after fuch Notice fhall be given or left as aforefaid, at his or their own Charges ; and in cafe he or they fhall refufe or negleft fo to do purfuant to fuch Notice, he or they fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum not being lefs than Ten Shillings nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of the faid Term of Three Days, after fuch Notice fhall be given or left, during which he or they fhall fo refufe or negleft ; and that every fuch Penalty fhall be recovered in the fame manner as other Penalties are hereinafter direfted to be recovered by virtue of this Aft.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Per-fons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftrict within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, from time to time and at any time hereafter to caufe all or any of the Streets and other public Places within their refpeftive Jurifdiftion to be watered, and to be fo watered either by any Perfon or Perfons employed by them, or by any other Perfons engaging to execute the fame by public Con-traft or private Agreement, for fuch Prices and for fuch time, and in fuch Manner and on fuch Terms, as they fhall think proper and approve; and alfo may caufe any Well or Wells to be dug or funk, and any Pump or Pumps to be made and erefted, in fuch Places (not being a Vault, Cellar or other Building, under any of the faid Streets or other public Places), ana alfo to caufe any Pump or Pumps now (landing, or which fhall hereafter be erefted for the Purpofes of watering the fame, from time to time be removed, altered or repaired ; and may purchafe and repair Carts and Horfes and Pipes and other Implements, and may employ any Carters, Workmen and Servants, and may rent or ereft any Stables or other Buildings neceffary for the Purpofe of keeping fuch Carts and Implements and Horfes, and may do or caufe to be done all other matters and things which they may deem neceffary for that Purpofe ; and the Charges and Expences thereof fhall be paid out of the Monies received for and towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Diftrift, either exclufively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objefts or Purpofes, or out of any Monies to be raifed and produced by the Rates or Affeffments hereinafter authorized to be made for that Purpofe ; and that it may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, at any Meeting or Meetings, from time to time in each and every Year, to make and fign fuch further and additional Rates or Affeffments upon all and every Perfon and Perfons who do or (hall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Poffeffion of or enjoy any Meffuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes or other Buildings or Hereditaments whatfoever, within any fuch Street or public Place which (hall be watered by virtue of this Aft, as may, in the Opinion of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid prefent at fuch Meeting, be fufficient for defraying the Charges and Expences of finking fuch Wells, and erefting and repairing fuch Pumps, and watering fuch Streets and public Places refpeftively, and all other Charges and

T t 2	Ex-

Penalty.

Streets may be watered by Direction of Commiffioners, &c. of Pavements.

Wells and Pumps funk and erected, &c.

and Carters, &c, employed.

Expences of watering Streets may be defrayed by fpecial Rates;

Hosted by Google

61-1

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

t-i be \>aid to the Collector of the Paving Rates;

and accounted tor and enforced in the fame manner as Paving Rates.

But Rates not to be made until Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any Street requeft the lame to be watered.

Courts, Alleys, &c. may be Hopped up with the Approbation of Two or more Juftices, and with the Content

Expences relating or incidental thereto ; fo that in any one Year fuch further additional Rate or Afieflment fhall not exceed the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound upon or according to the full Annual Rents or Value of fuch Hereditaments refpedively ; and that every fuch Rate and Aflelfment (hall fpecify the Period for which it is made, and (hall be demanded and colleded from the ufual Quarter Day preceding the time of making and figning the fame ; and that all and every fuch Rates or Aflfelfments, if fo made and figned, (hall be paid, by the Perfon and Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, to the Colledor or Collectors or other Perfon or Perfons appointed or from time to time to be appointed to colled the Rates or AflTeflT-ments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftrid, either exclufively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objeds or Purpofes ; and alfo, that all fuch Rates or Affeflments (hall be recovered and levied of and from fuch Perfon or Perfons, and (hall be accounted for and paid over to fuch Perfon and Perfons, in fuch and the like Form and Manner, with fuch Powers of Diftrefs, and according to fuch Rules, Methods and Diredions, as are mentioned and appointed in and by this Ad, or by any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftrid, relating to colleding, receiving, recovering, levying, accounting for and applying the feveral Rates and Aflefiments made and to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of any Streets or public Places within fuch parochial or other Diftrid, either exclufively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objeds or Purpofes as aforefaid.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, may not rate or aflfefs the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Houfes, Hereditaments or Premifes, or other rateable Property within any Street or public Place in any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, with any fuch further or additional Rate or Aflelfment, unlefs a Majority of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of fuch Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes, and other rateable Property (fuch Majority not being lefs than Three Fourths of fuch Inhabitants or Occupiers within fuch Streets or public Places), (hall at the fame or at fome previous time have fignified and expreffed their Wifh and Confent in Writing that fuch Street or public Place fhould be watered, and (hall have figned their Names to fuch Writing, and delivered or caufed the fame to be delivered to the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or fuch other Perfons as aforefaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks for the time being.

‘ LXXIX. And Whereas there are in certain parochial or other ‘ Diftrids within the Jurifdidion of this Ad certain Courts, Alleys ‘ and Places which, without Inconvenience to the Public, might be * difeontinued and (lopped up, and which, from their private and c confined Situation, and by being Harbours or Receptacles for c Filth and Rubbi/h, are noifome and offenfive ;y Re it therefore further enaded, That if upon the View of any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch Court, Alley or Place may be fituate, it (hall to them appear that any fuch Court, Alley or Place is become unneceffary, and may, without Inconvenience to the Public, or to the Owners of

Houfes

Hosted by Google

5/° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

Houfes or Tenements adjoining thereto, be difcontinued and flopped up, then and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juitices, by and with the Confent of the Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in fuch parochial or other Diflrift, teflified by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or Clerks to fuch Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, and by and with the Confent of the Owner and Owners of the Houfes, Lands or Tenements adjoining to Four Parts in Five in the Length of any fuch Court, Alley or Place, teflified by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, at any Special Sellion to be holden for that Purpofe, by Order under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juflices, to difcontinue and flop up any and every fuch Court, Alley or Place ; and all fuch Courts, Alleys agd Places, or fuch Proportion thereof as may adjoin to the Houfes or Tenements of fuch Perfon who fhall have fo confented, fhall be difcontinued and ■flopped up accordingly, fubjeft to Appeal, as hereinafter is mentioned : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to authorize the difcontinuing or flopping up any Court, Alley or Place, or any Part or Parts thereof, whereby or in confequence whereof any Houfe, Tenement or Land fhall be fo inclofed (unlefs with fuch Confent as aforefaid) that the Owner or Owners thereof fhall be prevented from palling freely to and repafiing freely from fuch Houfe, Tenement or Land.

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That for the Improvement of the Streets and public Places in the parochial or other Diflrifts within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, and for the public Advantage, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diflrift, from time to time and at all times hereafter to alter, widen, turn or extend any of the Streets or other public Places within any fuch parochial or other Diflrift (except Turnpike Roads), and to lengthen and continue or open the fame from the Sides or Ends of any Streets or public Places within any parochial or other Diflrift, into any other Street or public Place within fuch or any other parochial or other Diflrift, and to raife, level, lower, drain, ballad, gravel or pave fuch new Part or Parts of any fuch Streets or public Places fo altered, widened, extended, opened or lengthened as aforefaid ; and that if any Houfes, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, fhall be adjudged by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid to projeft into, obflruft or prevent them from fo altering,, turning, widening, extending, lengthening, continuing or opening the faid Streets or public Places within the faid parochial or other Diflrift, and that the PofTeflion, Occupation and Purchafe of fuch Houfes, Walk, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments will be neceffary for that Purpofe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid', and they fhall have full Power and Authority,, to treat, contraft and agree, or to employ any Perfon or Perfons to treat, contraft and agree with the feveral Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all fuch Houfes, Walls, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, of whatfoever Nature, Tenure, Kind or Quality, for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to pay for the fame fuch Sum and Sums of Money

T t 3	as

64 Fp

of the Owners

of contiguous Property, as herein mentioned ;

but not to be flopped without fuch Confent.

Streets may be ’ widened and improved by Com-mifTioners, Src.;

Exception;

who may pur-chafe Houfes, dec. obftrufting

Hosted by Google

646

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.I817.

and Owners, <Scc. of Houfes, &c. liable to Rates.

Corporate or Collegiate Bodies and incapacitated Perfons enabled to fell for the Purpofes afore-fa id.

All fuch Contrasts,, See, good

as (hall be agreed upon by the faid Commifiioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, out of the Money to arife and be raifed and to be received by them, either by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or of this Adi, and to puli down, ufe, fell or difpofe of fuch Houfes, Walls and Buildings, and the Materials thereof, and lay the Sites thereof, andalfo fuch other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or fo much thereof as they the faid Commifiioners orTruftees or other Perfons as aforefaid (hall think proper, into the faid Streets or other public Places, and all fuch new Parts of fuch Streets or public Places ; and the Owners and Occupiers of Houfes and Buildings, Mefluages and other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto, (hall be fubjedl and liable to all the Rates, Affeffments, Powers, Provifions, Orders, Claufes and things to be made by virtue of or contained in any local Adi or Adts of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or by virtue of or contained in this Adi, in the fame manner as the prefent Streets and public Places included in any fuch local A61 or Adis, or within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, and the Owners and Occupiers of Ploufes or Buildings and Mefluages or other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto.

LXXXI. And be~it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for- Life or in Tail, or others having a partial or qualified Interefl or Eftate in any Houfes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Hufbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Truflees and Feoffees in Truft for Charities or other Purpofes, Committees, Executors or Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons whom-foever, not only on behalf of themfelves and their refpedlive Heirs, Executors, Adminiltrators and Succeffors, but alfo on behalf of all Perfons entitled in Reverfion or Remainder expedtant on an Eftate Tail, and on behalf of all Perfons entitled in Reverfion or Remainder expedlant on an Eftate for Life, or other lefs Eftate, or by way of executory Devife, in cafe fuch Perfons fhall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on behalf of their refpedtive Wives and Cefluique Trulls, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or others, and for all and every other Perfon or Perfons whom-foever who are and fhall be feized, poffeffed of or interefted in any fuch Houfes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the faid Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidtion of this A<ft as aforefaid, for the abfolute Sale thereof, and to fell and convey to the faid Commifiioners or Truflees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, by Feoffment, Leafe and Releafe, or Bargain and Sale, by Deed indented and inrolled in any of His M'ajefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler, for fuch valuable Confideration as fhall be bund Jide agreed upon for fuch Houfes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as fhall be adjudged neceffary and convenient for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales or Conveyances which fhall be bond Jide made for the Pyrpofe aforefaid, fhall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes ; any thing to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enadled, That if any Body or

Bodies

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

Cxxix.

647

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Per-fons feized or poffeffed of or interefted in any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforefaid, fhall refufe to treat or agree, or fhall not agree, or by reafon of Abfence or Dif-ability cannot agree with the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurif-di&ion of this A&, or with any Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their refpedlive Eftates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or fhall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes they are in Poffeflion of, or to the Intercft they claim therein, to the Satisfadfion of the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or of the Perfon or Perfons fo authorized by them, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and they are hereby required, to iffue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, diredted to the Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes fhall refpe&ively lie or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impannel, fummon and return a competent Number of fubftantial and difinter-efted Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries, not lefs than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two ; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be im-pannelled, fummoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men fhall be drawn by fome indifferent Perfon to be by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid appointed, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Courts at Wejhninjler are by an A61 made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are diredted to be drawn ; which Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Juftices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes fhall he or be, at fome Court of General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the fame City, Borough or County, or at fome Adjournment thereof, as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, fhall be directed and appointed, and to attend fuch Court of General or Quarter Seffions from Day to Day until difcharged by the faid Court ; and all Parties concerned fhall and may have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen, but fhall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occafion fhall require, to call before them all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who fhall be thought proper and neceffary to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premifes; and the faid Juftices, if they think fit, fhall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewife authorize the faid Jury to view the Place or Places or Premifes in queftion in fuch manner as they fhall direct ; and the faid Juftices fhall have Power to adjourn fuch Court from Day to Day as Occafion fhall require, and to command fuch Jury, Witneffes and Parties to attend until all fuch Affairs for which they were fummoned fhall be concluded ; and the faid Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths of fuch Perfon or Per-

T t 4	fons

When Parties refufe or are unable to treat, ike. a Precept to be ifTued for impannelling a Jury,

who are to he drawn as 3 G. 2. c. 25. direris.

Jury to attend,

&c.;

may be challenged.

Juftices, on the Aplication of either Party, may direct a View of the Premifes.

Jury to aflelsthe Value on Oath.

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

64 S

Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final, previous Notice being given to the Parties interefted.

If the Sura afTefT-ed fhall not exceed the Sum offered,

the Cods c-f fucli AflefTment, &c. to be paid by fuch Body Politic,&c.

foils as fhall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Juftices are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) fhall inquire of the Value of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refpeCtive Eftates and Interefts of all and every Perfon and Perfons feized or pofTeffed thereof, or interefled therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and fhall affefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties refpe&ively, for the Pur-chafe of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of fuch refpeCtive Eftates and Interefts therein, and alfo for Good Will, Improvements or any Injury or Damage what-foever that may affeCt any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties, either as Leafeholders or Tenants at Will, provided that fuch Good Will fhall be eftimated by what, in the Opinion of fuch Jury, the fame would have been worth in cafe the Improvements intended by this ACt had not been in Contemplation ; and the faid Juftices fhall and may give Judgment for fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be afTeffed ; which Verdict or VerdiCts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in AVriting being given to the Perfon or Perfons interefled or claiming fo to be, at leaft Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the faid Juftices as aforefaid and Jury, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon and Perfons, or at his, her or their laft ufual Place or Places of Abode, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpeCtively intended to be valued,) fhall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever againft all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Perfon and Perfons claiming any Eftate, Right, Title, Truft, Ufe or Intereft in, to or out of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premifes, in Poffeflion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Perfons under any other legal Incapacity or Difability, as all other Ceftuique Trufts, their, his and her Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminiftrators, and againft all other Perfons whomfoever ; and the faid VerdiCts, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the faid Juftices and Juries fo to be made, given and pronounced as aforefaid, fhall be fairly written on Parchment, and figned by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes fhall refpeCtively lie or be ; and in cafe it fhall fo happen that the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be afTeffed and awarded in confequence of fuch Refufal to treat and agree as aforefaid, as the Value of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as fuch proportional Value as aforefaid, and as the Re-compence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage fuftained as before mentioned refpeCtively, fhall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, or any Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, fhall have previoufly offered to pay as and for fuch Value, Re-compence and Satisfaction ; then and in every fuch cafe all the reafonable Cofts, Charges and Expences of caufing and procuring fuch Value and Recompence to be afTeffed and awarded as aforefaid, and alfo aflefling and awarding the fame, fhall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Per-

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.xxix.

64V

fon or Perfons fo feized or poffeffed of or interefted in fuch Houfes,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and fo refufing to

treat and agree as before mentioned refpe&iveJy ; and the faid and the Commit-

Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, are hereby fioners.&c.may

authorized and empowered to dedudl and retain the faid Cofts, retilin the fame*

Charges and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money fo to

be aifeifed or awarded as aforefaid, or out of any Part thereof :

Provided always, that in all cafes where any Perfon or Perfons Proviio for Ab-/hall by reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating fentees as to about fuch Recompence or Satisfadlion as aforefaid, fuch Coils Cofts, <?<c. and Charges fhall be borne and paid by the faid CommiiTioners or Truitees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, in manner aforefaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enabled, That the faid Juilices Jufticesem-fhall have Power from time to time to impofe any reafonable Fine, powered toim-not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, on fuch Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents refpe&ively, an^wh^/Tes^ making Default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons who for n0„ Attend-fhall be fummoned and returned on any fuch Jury or Juries, and ance. fhall not appear, without fufficient Excufe, or appearing fhall re-fufe to be fworn on the faid Jury or Juries, or being fo fworn fhall not give his or their Verdidl ; and alfo on any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be fummoned to give Evidence touching any of the matters aforefaid, and fhall not attend, or attending /hall refufe to be fworn, or to affirm, or who /hall refufe to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Perfon or Perfons who /hall in any other manner wilfully negledl his, her or their Duty in the Premifes, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi ; and from Fine levied by time to time to levy fuch Fine or Fines, by Order of the faid Diftrefs. -Juilices, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners ; and that a Copy of the Order of the faid Juftices, figned by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premifes fhall lie or be, as the cafe fhall require, fhall refpedtively be fufficient Authority to the Perfon or Perfons therein to be appointed, and to every other Perfon adling or aiding and afiifting therein, to make fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and all fuch Fines fhall be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the Commiffioners or Trullees, or other Perfons as aforefaid having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other Diftridt wherein luch Premifes /hall lie or be, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they may refpedfively from time to time appoint.

LXXX1V. And be it further enadled, That if any Money fhall Application of be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tene- Compenfation merits or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interell,	*^unt~

<of what nature or kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue mS t0 * of the Powers of this Adi for the Purpofe thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity, fuch-Money fhall, in cafe the fame /hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the faid Cornmiffioners or Trullees, or other Perfons having the Control

Hosted by Google

650

C. xxix.

57° GEO. Ill#

A.D.1817.

\

Application where the Com-penl'ation lefs than 2ocl. and exceeding 2ol

of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Diftri&s within the Jurifdi&ion of this A6t, wherein fuch Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments (hall be or lie as aforefaid, together with the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, by Writing figned by them, fhall diredt and appoint, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affe&ing the fame Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affedting other Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where: fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Meffuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements' and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifling undetermined and capable of taking Effedl; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from time to time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interefl, of what nature or kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of

the

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

t>51

the High Court of Chancety, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed ; or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifes fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this A61, in fuch manner as the faid Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, (hall think fit ; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe£tively.

LXXXVI I. And be it further enabled, That upon Payment of any Sum or Sums fo agreed or awarded to the Party or Parties to whom the fame fhall be fo awarded, or upon the Depofit of the fame in the Bank of England in manner by this A£t directed (as the cafe may be), the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in refpetft whereof the fame fiiall have been fo paid or depofited as aforefaid, fhall veft in the Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, in manner and for the Purpofes aforefaid, who fhall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Poflefiion thereof to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, freed and difcharged from all former and other Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands whatfoever.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That \Vhere any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this A<ft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of this A61, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poflefiion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of fuch Bur-chafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflefiion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poflefiion, until the contrary fhall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made

appear

Application where the Money is lefs than sol.

On Payment of the Purchafe Money Premifes to veft in Corn* milfioners,

How far, where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Perfon who fhall be in Poflefiion of the Lands, 8cc. at the time of fuch Purchafe, (hall, be deemed entitled thereto, according to fuch Poflefiion.

Hosted by Google

G52

C.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1S17.

The Court of Chancery may order reafonable Expences of Purchafes to be paid by the Com-miffioners, 8zc.

Tenants at Will, 8c c. to deliver PofTeffion on Six Months' Notice.

Where Tenant obliged to quit before Expiration of Term, Commifiioners, &c. to make Compenfation, which may be afcertained by a Jury.

Refuting to give up PofTeffion,

Proceedings.

appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pof-fefilon, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

LXXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed, orpurchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pur-fuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, who fhall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direft.

XC. And be it further enafted, That every Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or any other Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion of any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which fhall be purchafed by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and who fhall have no greater Intereft in the Premifes than as Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or from Year to Year, fhall deliver up the Pofleflion of fuch Premifes to the faid Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Divifion within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, wherein fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid fhall appoint to take Pofleflion of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months’ Notice to quit fuch Pofleflion from the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or from the Perfon or Perfons fo authorized by them ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion fhall at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, whether fuch Notice be given with reference to the time or times of fuch Tenants holding or not, or fo foon as he, fhe or they fhall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pofleflion of the faid Premifes to the faid Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid to take Pofleflion thereof; and in cafe any fuch Tenant fhould be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his or her Term in any fuch Premifes, then and in fuch cafe the faid Commifiioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, fhall and they are hereby required to make Satisfaftion and Compenfation for the Lofs or Damage which he or fhe fhall or may fuftain thereby ; and in cafe any Difference or Difpute fhall arife as to the Amount of fuch Satisfaftion or Compenfation, the fame fhall or maybe determined, fettled and afcertained by a Jury, in fuch and the like manner as the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, is herein direfted to be determined, fettled and afcertained; and that in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofleflion as aforefaid fhall refufe to give fuch Pofleflion as aforefaid, it fliall and may be lawful to and for

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

653

the faid Commiffioners or Truflees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, to iffue their Preceptor Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Bailiff, or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein fucli parochial or other Diftridt fhall be fituate, to deliver Poffeffion of the faid Premifes to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall in fuch Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the faid Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff, and every other proper Officer, is hereby authorized and required to deliver fuch Poffeffion accordingly of the faid Premifes, and to levy fuch Colls as fhall accrue from the iffuing and Execution of fuch Precept or Precepts on the Perfon or Perfons fo refufmg to give Poffeflion as aforefaid, by Diflrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XCI. And be it further enadted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Poffeflion thereof by virtue of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, fhall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interefl due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months’ Interefl on the faid Principal, by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Street?, or public Places in fuch parochial or other Diflridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, wherein the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fhall lie or be as aforefaid, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, immediately convey, affign and transfer fuch Mortgage or Mortgages to the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint ; or in cafe fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees fhall have Notice in Writing from the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or from fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, that they will pay off and difeharge the Principal Money and Interefl which fhall be due on the faid Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving fuch Notice, that then at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interefl fo due, fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees fhall convey, affign and transfer his, her or their Interefl in the Premifes to the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be appointed in Trull for them ; and in cafe the Mortgagee or Mortgagees fhall refufe to convey and affign as aforefaid on fuch Tender or Payment, that then all Interefl on every fuch Mortgage Hi all from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe the Sum due upon any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interefl due thereon, fhall amount to more than the real Value of the Premifes, to be afeertained as dire&ed by this A61, then the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid fhall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than fuch real Value of fuch Premifes, fo afeertained as aforefaid.

XCIII. And be it further ena£led, That the Conveyance of any fuch Eftate or Interefl of any Feme Covert to the faid Commiffioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, or any Five or more of them, or any Perfon or Perfons in Trull for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, fealed and delivered by fuch Feme Covert in the Prefence of and attefted by Two

credible

Colts.

Mortgagees not in Poflefiion, on Tender of Principal and Interefl, and Six Months" Interefl:, to convey to Commiffioners,

or on Six Months’ Notice;

on Refufal, Tn-tereft on Mortgage to ceale.

Mortgagees not to be paid more than the real Value of Premifes.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries.

Hosted by Google

654

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Upon Payment of Principal and Intereft on Mortgage into the Bank, Premifes to veft in the Commiffioners, &c.

credible Witneffes, and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, fhall as effectually and abfolutely convey the Eftate and Intereft of fuch Feme Covert in the Premifes as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuffered thereof in due Form of Law ; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatfoever to be made of any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as fhall be purchafed by the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, by virtue and for the Purpofes of this ACt, and enrolled as aforefaid, fhall have the like Force, EffeCt and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatfoever, would have had if levied or fuffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Perfon or Perfons feized of or entitled to any Eftate or Intereft in the Premifes in Truft for fuch Bargainer or Bargainers, in any manner or Form whatfoever.

XCIV. And be it further ena&ed, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Intereft due on any Mortgage as aforefaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, for the Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank fhall give a Receipt or Receipts for the faid Money, in like manner as is hereinbefore direCted in cafes of other Payments into the Bank ; and thereupon all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim and Demand of the faid Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him, her or them, fhall veft in the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and they fhall be deemed to be in the aClual Poffeffion of the Premifes comprifed in fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XCV. And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money, or other Confideration, Recompence or Satisfaction, to be paid or made purfuant to any fuch Agreement or VerdiCt as aforefaid, or in Difcharge of any fuch Mortgage, fhall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the Bank of Eng-land as aforefaid, before the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or any Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, fhall proceed to pull down any Houfe or Houfes, or other Ere&ions or Buildings comprifed in or affeCted by fuch Agreement, VerdiCt or Mortgage refpe&ively, or to ufe the Ground for any of the Put-pofes before mentioned in this ACL

XCVI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, from time to time abfolutely to fell and difpofe of all or any of the Freehold or Leafehold Eftates, Lands, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes which fhall hereafter be conveyed to them in purfuance of this A Cl or otherwife ; provided the faid Freehold or Leafehold Eftates, Lands, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes fo purchafed are firft offered for Sale to the refpe&ive Perfon or Perfons of or from whom the Premifes refpe&ively were purchafed by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as Such Perfon not aforefaid ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively fhall not then agreeing to pur- and thereupon agree (except with refpeCt to and on account of the Price thereof as hereinafter mentioned) or fhall refufe (except with

13	refpeCI

Monies to be paid or tendered before any Ufe made of the Premifes.

Eftates conveyed to Com mi lli oners may be fold by them, the Perfons of whom they were bought having the firft Offer.

chafe, (Exception)

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C, xxix.

G 55

refpedt to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchafe the fame refpe&ively, an Affidavit fhall be made and fworn before a Matter in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein fuch parochial or other Diftrift .fhall be fituate (who are hereby refpe&ively empowered and directed to take the fame), by fome Perfon or Per-fons uninteretted in the faid Freehold or Leafehold Eftates, Lands, Houfes, Hereditaments or Premifes, Hating that fuch Offer was made by or on the behalf of the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and that fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was fo offered ; and that any fuch Affidavit fhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made, as the cafe may be; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be defirous of repurchafing the fame, and he, fhe or they and the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, fhall differ and not agree with refpedt to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof fhall be afcertained by a Jury, in the manner hereinbefore directed with refpe<ft to the difputed Value of Premifes to be purchafed by the faid Commif-fioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid in purfuance of this A6t; and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Differences fhall be borne and paid in like manner as is hereinbefore dire&ed with refpedt to fuch Purchafe made by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid (mutatis mutandis) ; and the Money to arife by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the faid Com-miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, of fuch Freehold or Leafehold Eftates, Lands, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes, fhall be applied by the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid to the Purpofes of the local A& or A&s of Parliament relating to the parochial or other Divifion over the Pavements whereof they {hall poffefs a Control, or to the Purpofes of this A£t; but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Mifapplication or Nonapplication of the Money paid by him or them for fuch Freehold or Leafehold Eftates, Lands, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes.

XCVII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful from time to time and at all times hereafter to and for the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftridl within the JuriL diction of this A6t, or fuch Number of them as under or by virtue of their particular local A& or A£ts of Parliament or of this A£t fhall be competent to aft, to borrow and take up at Intereft, on the Credit of the Rates and Affeffments to be made by virtue of fuch local A6t or Afls of Parliament or by virtue of this A&, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within fuch refpeflive parochial or other Diftrift, either exclufively or jointly with or towards any other Objeft or Purpofes, which they fhall from time to time deem neceflary, exclufive of and in addition to any other Sum which the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid have been or may at the paffing of this Adf be empowered to borrow and take up at Intereft under an<J by virtue of any local A<5i

or

Proceedings,

In what cafe Price afcertained by a Jury.

Money arifing from Sales by Commifiioners, how applied.

Power to Corn-mifiioners, &c. to borrow Money;

Hosted by Google

656

and may affig-n the Rates and AHe Aments js a Security.

Form of Alignment or Debenture.

Per tons taking fuch Alignments entitled to their Proportion of Rates.

How Money borrowed applied.

Commiffioners, 3cc. empowered to grant Bonds to their Treafurer or Clerk.

C.xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridl, to be applied for and towards the Charges and Expences which have been or may be hereafter incurred for or towards the better paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in fuch parochial or other Diftridl, and for the Purpofes* of this Adi ; and the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid are hereby fully authorized and empowered to affign over the faid Rates and AfTeflments, or any Part thereof (and the Cofts and Charges of affigning the fame being paid out of the faid Rates and Afleffinent), as a Security for any fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed with Intereft, to fuch Perfon or Perfons or their Truftee or Truftees, as fhall advance the fame, on Parchment, under the Hands of Five of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, by the following Words of Affignment, or by any other Words to the fame EfFedt:

*	virtue	of	certain	Powers	and	Authorities	veiled	in	us in and

*	by a certain Adi or certain Adis of Parliament, We, the

*	underfigned, Five \here infert the Name or Title by which the Per-‘ fans having the Control of the Pavements are correctly defignated]

4 in confideration of the Sum of	of

*	lawful Money of Great Britain to us in hand paid by A. Bdo 6 affign unto the faid A. B. his, her or their Executors, Admi-1 niftrators and Affigns, or SuccelTors and Affigns, fas the cafe may 4 be,'] all and lingular .the Rates and AlTeffments to be raifed, levied 6 and colledled in the faid [parochial or other Diftridl, as the cafe 6 may be,] made and to be made for or towards the paving or repair-4 ing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within fuch

*	[parochial or other Diftridl, as the cafe may be,] either exclusively

4 or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls or Purpofes \_as c the cafe may alfo be,] and all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft c of the faid [Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, as the 6 cafe may be,] and of their SuccelTors, of, in and unto the fame, to < hold unto the faid	his, her or their Executors,

4 Adminiftrators and Affigns [or SuccelTors and Affigns], until the 4 Sum of	together with Intereft for

c the fame after the Rate of	per	Centum per

4 Annum, fhall be repaid. Witnefs our Hands.’

And all and every Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom fuch Appointment or Affignment fhall be made, fhall be equally entitled to their Proportion of the faid Rates and AfTeflments, according to the refpedlive Sums in fuch Affignment mentioned to be advanced, to fecure the Repayment thereof with Intereft as aforefaid, without any Preference by reafon of Priority of Affignment, or on any other Account whatever ; and the Money fo borrowed as aforefaid fhall be applied in and about the Purpofes aforefaid, and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and in carrying the fame, and the feveral Provilions, Powers and Authorities herejin and therein contained, into full Execution.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, from time to time and at all times hereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, to grant unto their refpedlive Treafurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or

Clerks

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

657

Clerks for the time being, any Bond or Bonds under the Hands of them the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or any Five or more of them, for the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Intereft for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Credit of the faid Rates or AfTeffments ; and that it fhall and may be lawful from Treasurer em-time to time to and for fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or Clerks for the time being, by and with the Direction of the faid ^Cbjic Au&ion. Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, from time to time to make Sale and difpofe at public Auction of all and every or any fuch Bond or Bonds fo to be granted as aforefaid, unto any Perfon or Perfons, for the beft Price or Prices in Money that can be reafonably had or obtained for the fame ; and that all Monies which Monies arifing fhall be from time to time received by any fuch Treafurer or Clerk from Sale, how for the time being from fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid (after deduct- t0 be aPP1,ed-ing thereout all Cofts, Charges and Expences attendant thereon,) fhall be applied by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid to and for the Purpofes aforefaid and of this A£t, purfuant to the Provifions in that behalf herein contained.

XCIX. And be it further enadled, That all and every Perfon and Security trans-Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate ferable by or Sole, to whom fuch Affignment or Affignments fhall be made as Endortemeut. aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from time to time perfonally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, affign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title,

Intereft or Benefit to the faid Principal and Intereft Money thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, whatfoever, by endorfing on the Back of fuch Security, before One credible Witnefs, who lhall fub-fcribe his Name thereto, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; ( videlicet,)

‘ J DO transfer this Affignment, with all my Right and Title to the

Form of En-

<	Principal Money thereby fecured, and to all the Intereft Money dorlement.

*	now due or hereafter to be due, unto C. Zb, his, her or their Exe-

*	cutors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns. Dated this

<	Day of

< A. B.>

« Witnefs, E, ZV

Which Transfer fhall within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof Transfer notified be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Com- to Clerk of miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time Commiffioners, being, who fhall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept &0, and entered* for that Purpofe ; and after fuch Entry made, but not till then, every fuch Affignment fhall entitle any fuch Affignee or Affignees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon ; and fuch Affignee _ or Affignees may affign the fame again, and fo toties quoties ; and that fuch Clerk or Clerks fhall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for the Entry of every fuch Affignment of every fuch Bond or Security; and it fhall not be in the Power of any fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall have made any fuch Affignment, to make void, releafe or difcharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: Provided neverthelefs, that the Commiffioners 57 Geo. III.	Uu	faid

Hosted by Google

658

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181

may pay off fuch Bonds, &c.

on Notice.

Intereft on Monies borrowed to be paid half Yearly.

Money may be borrowed on Annuities.

Annuities chargeable on the Rates.

faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid may at all times pay off and difcharge all fuch Bonds or Alignments or any Part or Parts thereof, and alfo any Monies due on Securities given and granted under and by virtue of any particular local A6t or A6fs of Parliament relating to the Pavement of their refpe&ive parochial or other Diftridts, either exclufively or jointly with refpedt to any other Obje£ts or Purpofes, when and as they lhall think proper, upon giving Notice to fuch Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame, or his or their Affignee or Aflignees, and upon giving Two Calendar Months’ public Notice thereof in The London Gazette, and One more public Newfpaper ; and at the Expiration of the faid Two Calendar Months after fuch Notice all Intereft fhall ceafe to be paid on the faid Principal Monies to be fecured by fuch Bonds or Afiignments under this A6t, or by any Securities granted under and by virtue of any fuch local A£t or A&s of Parliament.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Intereft of the Money which lhall be borrowed on fuch Bonds or Mortgages or Alignments as aforefaid, from the time the faid Money lhall be advanced, lhall be paid half Yearly by the refpedlive Treafurer or Treafurers, or other Perfon or Perfons deputed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons borrowing the fame Monies, or by their Succeffors for the time being.

6 Cl. And Whereas many Perfons may prefer to advance fuch « Money as may be necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid for the Pur-* chafe of Annuities, to be fecured upon and payable out of the 4 faid Rates and AflelfmentsBe it therefore further ena&ed. That it lhall and may be lawful from time to time and at all times hereafter to and for any Perfon or Perfons to contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or to their refpe&ive Treafurer or Trea-furers for the time being, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they may appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes aforefaid, or of this A<5t, for the abfolute Purchafe of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of fuch Perfon or Perfons, being of the Age of Thirty live Years and upwards, as lhall be nominated by or on the behalf of fuch refpe&ive Contributors or Purchafers at the time of the Payment of their refpedtive Purchafe Monies ; all which Annuities fo to be purchafed lhall be payable and paid by the faid refpedtive Treafurer or Treafurers, or other Perfon or Perfons deputed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, out of the Monies to arife by or from the faid Rates and Aflelfments, by half Yearly Payments, the lirft Payment to be made to the refpedtive Contributors or Purchafers, or their Afligns, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Payment of their refpe&ive Purchafe Monies, the Rate whereof lhall be fettled and adjufted by a public Sale of the faid Annuities, by the faid Commiflioners or tTruftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, to the belt Bidder for the fame, or lhall be fuch as the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid lhall think rea-fonable, and at any General Meeting lhall approve.

CII. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities fo to be purchafed under or by virtue of this A6f lhall be and are hereby charged upon and lhall be paid and payable from

time

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

659

time to time out of the Monies arifing by the faid Rates and Affefiments to be made as aforefaid, and all and every the Contributors or Purchafers duly paying the Confideration or Purchafe Money at the Rate aforefaid for any fuch Annuity or Annuities as aforefaid, or his, her or their refpedtive Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, (hall have, receive and enjoy the refpedtive Annuity or Annuities fo to be purchafed out of the faid Rates or AfTefTments by this A6f appointed for Payment thereof as aforefaid, during the natural Life or Lives of the Perfon or Perfons to be nominated by each of fuch Purchafers as before mentioned ; and that all and every fuch Purchafer and Purchafers, and their Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, fhall have good, fure, abfolute and indefeafible Eftates and Interefts in the Annuity or Annuities fo by him, her or them refpe&ively to be purchafed, according to the Tenor and true meaning of this A<ft.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity and Annuities to be purchafed and fecured under and by virtue of this Adt {hall be fo granted by a Writing on Parchment, and (hall be figned by Five of the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, and fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following ; (that is to fay,)

*	T/V/dE, whofe Names are hereunto fubfcribed, being Five of the F°rm of Gr3nt

*	[here infert the Name or Title by which the Perfons having ° Annul1^

<	the Control of the Pavements are correctly defignated] in con-

<	ft deration of the Sum of	of	lawful

<- Money of Great Britain, to us in hand paid by A. B*, do hereby

<	grant unto the faid A. B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

<;	to be paid out of the Rates or

^ AfTefTments to be raifed, levied and collected in the faid [paro-

<	chial or other Diftridt, as the cafe may be,] made and to be made

<	for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets

<	or public Places within fuch [parochial or other Diftritft, as the € cafe may be,] either exclufively or jointly with or for or towards

<	any other Obje&s or Purpofes ['as the cafe may be] ; and which c Annuity or yearly Sum of

« fhall be paid to the faid A. B, or his or her Afiigns, during the

<	Term of his or her natural Life [or, as the cafe may be,] to the

*	faid A* Br, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, upon

e the	Day	of	and	the

«	Day	of	in	every	Year,

f by equal Half Yearly Payments, and up to the Day of the Death

*	of the faid A. B. [or, as the cafe may be] : In Witnefs whereof,

<	we the faid [Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons, as the

<	cafe may be] have hereunto fet our Hands the

tf	Day	of	in	the	Year	of	our

e Lord One thoufand eight hundred and

And alfo that all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuch Form of Trans-Annuity or Annuities fhall be fo granted and fecured as aforefaid, far of Grant of and his, her and their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, fhall nnu,ty* and may, by Endorfement on his, her or their refpedtive Securities, afiign or transfer his, her or their Right and Intereft to and in the Annuities thereby refpedtively fecured, in the Words or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay,)

U u 2	I	DO

Hosted by Google

660

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

T raiisfer notified to Clerk of Comrniffioners, and entered.

Annuities to be granted only at Public Meeting

No Annuity to be paid or recoverable unlefs a proper Certificate of Life of Ceftuiijue Vie be produced.

Enrolment of Memorial not necetfary.

‘ T DO hereby affign and transfer the within-written Security,

‘ and the Annuities [or Annuity] thereby granted or fecured,

*	unto	Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns,

6 [as the cafe may be~] : Witnefs my Hand this

‘ Day of	in	the Year of our Lord One

*	thoufand eight hundred and	.*

Which Transfer fhall, within Fourteen Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Com-miffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, who fhall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fhall be entitled to receive for every fuch Entry the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more ; and that after fuch Entry made, but not till then, every fuch Afifgnment fhall entitle any fuch Affignee or Affignees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Alfigns, to the Benefit thereof and to Payment thereon.

CIV. Provided always, That no Monies fhall be obtained by any fuch Sale of Annuities, unlefs at or until after a Public Meeting of the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, to be held for that Purpofe, whereof Seven Days’ Notice fhall be given in Two or more public Newfpapers printed and publifhed within the Cities of London or Wejlminjler.

CV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Annuity or Annuities to be granted and fecured under this A£t fhall be paid and recoverable, unlefs upon the Demand of each half Yearly Payment thereof the Perfon for whofe Life the fame fhall have been fo •granted and fecured fhall perfonally appear before the refpe&ive Treafurer or Treafurers or Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commif-fioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or before fome Perfon whom they fhall depute for that Purpofe, nor unlefs the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive fuch Annuity or Annuities fhall then produce or caufe to be produced the original Security or Securities for the fame; or in cafe of his or her Nonappearance, the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive fuch Annuity, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies duly authorized to receive the fame, fhall produce fuch Security or Securities and a Certificate to the faid Treafurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or other Perfon as aforefaid, of the Life of fuch Ceftuique Vie, figned by the officiating Minifter of the Parifh wherein he, fhe or they fhall be refiding, upon the Day when fuch Annuity became due, or fuch other Evidence as fhall be fatisfadtory to the faid Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Perfon as aforefaid, of the Exiftence of fuch Ceftuique Vie, upon the Day when the faid Annuity became due, if fuch Ceftuique Vie fhall be then in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and in cafe fuch Ceftuique Vie fhall not be within the faid United Kingdom, then fuch other good and fufficient Proof of his or her living upon the Day when each half Yearly Payment of the faid Annuity or Annuities fhall refpe&ively become due fhall be produced to the faid Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Perfon as aforefaid, as fhall be fatisfadlory to him or them ; and it fhall not be necefiary, in order to render valid the Grant of any fuch Annuity or Annuities, to enrol or regifter a Memorial thereof pur-

fuant

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

661

fuant to the Provifions contained in any A61 or A6ls of Parliament relating to Annuities, or to any other Ad or Ads of Parliament whatfoever.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any Annuitant or Annuitants, Nominee or Nominees, to whom and for whofe Lives any Annuity or Annuities may be granted from time to time under and by virtue of this Ad, (hall die, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Per* fons as aforefaid from time to time and at all times hereafter to permit any Perfon or Perfons to purchafe of them the faid Commif-fioners or Truflees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, other and any Annuities upon the Life of fuch other Perfon or Perfons upon fuch Terms and Conditions and payable in fuch manner as above mentioned ; or in cafe the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid fhall call in and pay off any Bonds, Afiignments or Mortgages of the faid Rates or Afleffments, it fhall and may be lawful for them to borrow on fimilar Bonds, Afiignments and Securities, or by the Sale or Grant of Annuities, other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time for the Purpofes aforefaid or of this Ad.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all Monies advanced and paid, and all Bonds, Afiignments, Securities and Annuities given and granted under and by virtue of this Ad, fhall be and be deemed Perfonal Eflate and Effeds ; and alfo that the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, figning or executing fuch Bonds, Mortgages, Afiignments or Grants, or any of them, or any other of the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or the Treafurer or Treafurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or any of them, or their or any of their Eflates or EfFedls, fhall in no wife be charged with or refponfible, either at Law or in Equity, for the Payment of any of the Monies or Annuities thereby fecured or granted, or mentioned and intended fo to be, or any Part thereof.

CVIII. And be it further enaded. That the refpedive Clerk pr Clerks to the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, fhall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpofe provided and kept by the faid Commiflioners or Truflees or other Perfons as aforefaid, a Copy or Copies or an Ex-trad or Extrads of or from all Securities given for Monies borrowed, and of and from the Grants of all Annuities granted by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad ; and alfo of all Afiignments of fuch Securities for Monies borrowed, and of fuch Grants of Annuities fo given or granted as aforefaid, exprefling in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode and Defcriptions of all fuch Perfons who fhall from time to time be entitled to fuch Securities and Annuities ; and alfo the Name, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode and other Defcription of every Perfon for whofe Life any Annuity or Annuities fhall be granted, and the Days whereon the Interefl of the faid Securities and the faid Annuities fhall be payable; and which Book and Books the Perfon and Perfons entitled to and pofleffed of fuch Securities or Annuities at all feafonable times may have free Liberty to infpedt, or to make or take Extradls or Copies thereof or there-

U u 3	from.

If Annuitants die, other Annuities may be granted.

Annuities to be deemed Perfonal Eftate.

Commiflioners, &c. fhall not be perlonnlly liable.

Securities to be entered in a Book kept by Commiflioners, &c.

Book may be infpedled.

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

6G2

Commiffioners may meet, and adjourn.

Commiffioners, &c. may retain and dilcharge Clerks, &c.;

may rent, Sec. Offices, Sic.;

and a Place to be called the Green Yard;

may appoint Perfons to take Care of Offices, &c.i

and may appoint Fees,

from, on the Payment of the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence to the faid Clerk or Clerks for any and every fuch Infpe6tion.

CIX. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl: within the Jurifdi&ion of this Aft, from time to time and at all times afterwards to aflemble and meet together for the Execution of the local A ft or Adis of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof they may have been appointed, and of this Adi, within their refpedlive parochial or other Diftridl or elfewhere, and may adjourn fuch Meetings from time to time as they {hall think proper ; but that One fuch General Meeting fhall be held at leaft Once in every Calendar Month, and that Five or more of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons fhall attend at and be neceflary to conftitute every fuch General Meeting j and the Adis, Refolutions and Proceedings of the Majority prefent at fuch Meetings, fhall be deemed and confidered to be the Adis, Refolutions and Proceedings of fuch Meetings ; and that fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid may retain and employ and difeharge and pay fuch Clerks, Surveyors, In* fpedlors and other Perfons, as they from time to time fhall deem expedient; and alfo fhall and may dedudl and allow to themfelves and to each other, and to their Officers and Servants, all Expences neceflarily incurred in and about the Execution of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or of this Adi ; and alfo fhall and may from time to time purchafe or rent upon Leafe, for a Term or Terms of Years or othervvife, or may eredl, furnift), alter or improve, any Houfes, Offices and other Places which they may deem neceflary or expedient for their Places of Meeting, or for the Tranfadlion of their Official Bufinefs, or for the Depoflt and fafe Cuftody of their Books, Vouchers and Documents ; and alfo may purchafe or rent upon Leafe or otherwife from time to time fuch Place or Places, to be called “ The Green Yard,” for fuch parochial or other Diftridl, for the Reception, Depoflt and fafe Cuftody of any Article feized and removed by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or of this Adi, within their refpedlive parochial or other Diftridls, or of any Horfes, Bealls, Cattle or any Animals or other things which may be found ftraying, or which fhall be ii? or about any Streets or public Places within their refpedlive parochial or other Diftridl, or which, according to any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or to this Adi, or to the Common or Statute Law, may be impounded ; and may appoint any Perfon or Perfons to inhabit and take care of fuch Houfes, Offices and other Places of Meeting, and to have the Cuftody and Care of fuch Books, Vouchers and Documents, and to take care of and fuperintend fuch Places of Depoflt as aforefaid ; and may appoint the Fees and Charges which fhall be paid and payable, and which may be demanded on or for the Depoflt and fafe Cuftody of any fuch Articles fo feized, or of any Horfes, Beafts, Cattle, Animals or other things which fhall be there impounded as aforefaid ; and that the fame Fees and Charges fhall be fo paid before any fuch Articles or things fhall be given up or reftored to any Perfons whomfoever, or fhall and may be dedudled out of the Proceeds of any Appraifement or Sale of any fuch Articles and Things, and

which

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

663

which may be effected thereof under and by virtue of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament, or of this Aft.

CX. And be it further enafted, That the Clerk or Clerks to the Notice of Gene-faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control ral Meetings to of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or £,ven* other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, ffiall, at leafl One Day previous to any General Meeting of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, caufe a Notice to be left for every fuch Commiflioner or Truftee or other Perfon at his Dwelling Houfe or Office, or laft or ufual Place of Abode, in fuch parochial or other Diftrift, of every fuch General Meeting, and of the Place and Time when and where fuch General Meeting is intended to be held.

CXI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe Five Commif- General Meet-fioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid ffiall not attend nigs may be ad-at any fuch General Meeting within One Hour after the time ap- ^r” gte Num-pointed for fuch Meetings refpeftively, it {hall and may be law- ber d0 not ful to and for the Clerk or Clerks to fuch Commiffioners or Truftees atcend. or other Perfons as aforefaid to declare fuch General Meeting to be adjourned until a future time, within Seven Days after fuch Meeting was appointed to be or ought to have been held, and forthwith to caufe Notice of fuch Adjournment to be left for every fuch Commiflioner or Truftee or other Perfon having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in fuch parochial or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and direfted.

CXI I. And be it further enafted. That at each and every Ge- At General neral Meeting of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons Meetings a having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, any One Com-	10	hs

miffioner or Truftee or other Perfon then prefent, who {hall be ^ denominated by the Majority of the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid prefent at any fuch Meeting, {hall prefide at every fuch Meeting, and take the Chair as Chairman of fuch Meeting ; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes on any Tranfaftion, including the Vote of the Chairman, the Chairman at fuch Meeting ffiall have another or the calling Vote.

CXIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Five or more of Special General the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control Meetings may of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial encies ^ or other Diftrift within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, ffiall on any Occalion think it neceflary or expedient to call or convene a Special General Meeting of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, it ffiall and may be lawful for fuch Five or more Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons to direft their Clerk or Clerks for the time being to fummon fuch Special General Meeting of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons re-fpeftively, to be aflembled at the ufual Place of Meeting, and at fuch time as the faid Five or more Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid ffiall direft, by a Notice fpecifying the particular Objeft of fuch Special General Meeting, and of which Special,

General Meeting Notice ffiall be accordingly given by the Clerk or Clerks in the manner hereinbefore direfted to be given of any General Meeting.

Uuf	CXIV.	And

Hosted by Google

664

C.xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817

Proceedings at Meetings to be entered in Books, which fhall be good Evidence.

What Proof required of Appointment of Clerks, &c.

Bye Laws maybe made by Com midi oners;

f/3J

CXIV. And be it further enabled, That all Afts, Orders and Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid at any of their Meetings, (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk or Clerks for the time being for that Purpofe, and (hall be figned by fuch Clerk or Clerks ; and that all fuch Orders and Proceedings fhall then be deemed and taken to be original Afts, Orders and Proceedings ; and fuch Book or Books fhall and may be produced and read as Evidence of all fuch Afts, Orders and Proceedings, upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or any Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatfoever ; and that it fhall not be ne-ceffary upon any Appeal or Trial or Information or Proceeding, or upon any Occafion, to prove the Appointment of fuch Clerk or Clerks; and that within Ten Years after the Date of any fuch Afts, Orders and Proceedings, Proof of the Handwriting of fuch Clerk or Clerks fhall alone be neceffary to verify his or their Appointment, and the Accuracy of fuch Entries of fuch Afts, Orders and Proceedings ; and that after the Expiration of Ten Years from the Date of any fuch Afts, Orders and Proceedings, no other Proof fhall be neceffary, or fhall be required of his or their Appointment, or of the Accuracy of fuch Entries, than the Production of fuch Book or Books appearing to be figned by fome Perfon or Perfons as the Clerk or Clerks for the time being ; and that any Proof of his or their Handwriting fhall not be neceffary, nor fhall be required ; and alfo that upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or other Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, a Certificate from the Clerk or Clerks for the time being, figned by him or them, that any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have afted or may aft: as Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftrift, or as a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or in any other Office, was or were or is or are One or more of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in fuch parochial or other Diftrift, or was duly appointed to be and was a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to fuch other Office wherein fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall or may have afted, or fhall or may aft or appear, fhall be fufficient and conclufive Evidence of the Appointment and Authority of fuch Perfon or Perfqns, without any other Proof or Evidence whatfoever.

CXV. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, prefent at any General Meeting, from time to time and at all times hereafter to make fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any ofctheir General or other Meetings, and of enforcing the good Conduct and Behaviour of the feverai Officers and Servants employed by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, in the Execution of any local Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftrift, or of this Aft, and for the Application of the feverai Monies that may be levied, collected or received by virtue of fuch local Aft or Afts of Parliament, or of this Aft, to the Purpofes thereof; and likewife from time to time to vary, alter, amend or repeal all

or

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

665

or any of fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, and to fix and appoint all fuch reafonable Fines and Penalties for the and appoint Breach or Nonperformance of any fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or l?ines not ex-Regulations, or any Part thereof, as to them fhall feem proper, ^eedlllg IQh fo that no fuch Fine or Penalty (hall exceed the Sum of Ten confirmed* C° 6 Pounds ; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations when made, and all Alterations, Variations and Amendments thereof, fhall be confirmed at another General Meeting, and being fo confirmed fhall be printed and be hung up or affixed at the feveral Places of Meeting of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid ; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or Regulations, when fo made, confirmed, printed and affixed, fhall be good and binding upon all Perfons concerned ; provided that the fame be not inconfiftent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, nor inconfiftent with or repugnant to the Provifions and Directions in any local Ad or ACts of Parliament for fuch parochial or other Diftrid, or in this Ad contained; and that any Perfon or Perfons thinking himfelf or Appeal, themfelves aggrieved thereby fhall and may appeal againfl the fame as hereinafter is provided ; and that all Penalties thereby impofed, How Penalties if incurred, fhall and may be recovered in fuch manner as any thereby impofed. Penalties impofed by this Ad may be recovered by virtue of this recovered.

Ad; Provided always, that no fuch Bye Law, Rule or Regula- Provifo as to tion, when fo made by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees, or other alter,ng> &c* Perfons as aforefaid, and confirmed, printed and affixed, fhall be La',Vo* varied, altered, amended or repealed, fave and except at fome Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting and of the Purpofe thereof Three Days’ Notice at the leaft, with the Name of the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons thereto, fhall be left for each and every Commiffioner,

Truftee or other Perfon as aforefaid, in the manner directed as to other General Meetings by virtue of this Ad.

CXVI. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners CommilTioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid at any of their General ma)r enter into Meetings fhall and may and they are hereby authorized and empow- herei^mcn-ered from time to time to contract or agree with any Perfon or Per-fons whomfoever for removing the Duft and Afhes, cleanfing, paving and repairing the Pavement of and within their refpeCtive parochial or other Diftrid, and for doing and executing all or any of the Works which, under and by virtue of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament relating thereto, or of this Ad, the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid may dired to be done and executed ; and alfo to purchafe or provide, either by Contrad or other-wife, from time to time, fuch Goods, Materials and things whatfo-ever, as they fhall think proper for effectually executing the Powers and Provifions of fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament or of this ACt, and fhall pay or order the Payment of the Monies due or to become due upon any fuch Contrads, Agreements or Purchafes, to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, by and out of all or any Monies which fhall or may be paid to or received by them by virtue of any fuch local ACt or ACls of Parliament or of this Ad, for and towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within their refpedive parochial or other Diftrids, either exclufively or jointly with or for or towards

any

Hosted by Google

666

Public Notice to be given of all Meetings for making Contrails.

Contrails, Accounts, to be entered in Books.

Commiflioners

may fue or compound for Breaches of Contrails.

Accounts and Books may be examined,&c. by Perfons entitled to Securities,

C. xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.] 817.

any other Objeds or Purpofes, or whereof they may be authorized and entitled to difpofe.

CXVII. And be it further enaded, That previous to any Meeting of the Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons as aforefaid, for the making of any fuch Contrails which they may deem expedient for the better Execution of this Ad, Seven Days’ Notice of fuch Meeting to make any fuch Contrads fhall be given in Two or more of the public Newfpapers publifhed in London or Wejimtnfler, exprefling the Nature and Objeds of each of fuch Contrads, in order that any Perfon or Perfons willing to contrad may make Propofals for that Purpofe, to be offered and prefented to the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks, at the Time and Place mentioned in fuch Notice; and alfo that the Particulars of all fuch Contrads or Agreements, and all Receipts and Payments by fuch Commiflioners er Truftees or other Perfons in the Execution of the faid local Ad or A.ds of Parliament or of this Ad, and alfo Minutes of their Proceedings at all and every of their General Meetings, fhall be fairly entered by their Clerk or Clerks, or by his or their Diredion, in a Book or Books to be provided for thofe Purpofes, and to be carefully preferved.

CXVIII. And be it further cnaded, That in cafe any fuch Con-trad or Contrads, for any Purpofe or Purpofes whatfoever, fhall have been heretofore or fhall be hereafter entered into by any Com-miflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid ading in pur-fuance of any local Ad or Ads of Parliament or of this Ad, and the Perfon or Perfons who may have entered or who fhall hereafter enter into any fuch Contrad or Contrads, fhall be guilty of any Breach or Nonperformance of any fuch Contrad or Contrads, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, at any of their General Meetings, in cafe they fhall deem it proper and expedient, to declare fuch Contrad or Contrads to be null and void, and fuch Contrad or Contrads fhall be from thenceforth null and void accordingly ; or it fhall or may be lawful to and for them to compound for fuch Sum or Sums of Money with the Perfon or Perfons fo having entered into or who fhall hereafter enter into fuch Contrad or Contrads, for fuch Breach or Nonperformance of fuch Contrad or Contrads, and for all Cofts, Charges and Expences which have been or fhall be occa-fioned thereby, as to them the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons fhall appear proper and expedient; or it fhall and may be lawful to and for them the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid to fue for and to recover the full Penalty or Penalties contained and expreffed in any fuch Contrad or Contrads, or in any Bond or Bonds given and executed for the due Performance ©f fuch Contrad or Contrads, by Adion of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, in which Adion or Adions no Effoign, Protedion, Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed.

CXIX. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for all and every the Perfons poffefling or entitled to any Bonds, Mortgages,' Annuities or other Securities affeding or charged upon the laid Rates or Afleffments for any parochial or other Diftrid within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, and all Perfons rated to the Rates or Afleffments to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or

repairing

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

667

repairing the Pavement in any parochial or other Diftridl, either excluflvely or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls or Purpofes, either by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, at all feafonable and convenient times to perufe and infpedl and to make and take Extradls from all Rates or Rate Books, and all other Book or Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatfoever, which lhall be kept under any fuch local Adi or A&s of Parliament, or under this Adi, in relation to the paving or repairing the Pavements of fuch parochial or other Dif-tridl, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objedls or Purpofes, in the Cuftody or Power of the faid Commiflioners or Truilees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements for the time being ; and alfo, that the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Com-miflioners or Truilees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, or One of them, within Twenty Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, ligned by any one of the Perfons before mentioned, and delivered to or left for him or them at his or their ufual or laft Place of Abode, fhall make and deliver or caufe to be made and delivered a Copy or Copies of all and every fuch Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatfoever, or of any Part or Parts thereof, whereof a Copy or Copies (hall be fo demanded, to the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame, on his or their Application for the fame, at any time after the Expiration of the faid Term of Twenty Days, he or they paying for the fame, at or before the Delivery thereof, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Three hundred Words contained in fuch Copy or Copies fo demanded and delivered as aforefaid, every Figure in fuch Copy or Copies being calculated as a Word ; and in cafe any fuch Clerk (hall at anytime refufe or wilfully neglect to make and deliver or caufe to be made and delivered fuch Copy or Copies of all and every fuch Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers and Papers, and of every Part thereof refpe&ively, to the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame, on Application for the fame, after Twenty Days from the Day of the Demand thereof as aforefaid, on Payment for the fame as aforefaid, then every fuch Clerk fhall for every Refufal or Negledl forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the Commiflioners, Truilees or other Perfons as aforefaid for the time being, and the other Moiety to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame in any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at Wejlmitijler, by Adlion of Debt or on the Cafe, wherein no Efloign, Proteftion, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed.

CXX. And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiflioners or Truilees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Dillridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, may fue and be fued in the Name of their refpe&ive Clerk or Clerks for the time being; and that all A&ions or Suits that the faid Commiflioners or Truilees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other Dillridl, may at any time or times hereafter direct to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Rates, or any other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time or at any time due or payable from

or

and Copies delivered to fuch Perfons demanding.

Fee.

Clerk refufing &c. to deliver Copy.

Penalty aol

Actions may be brought and defended by Com-miflioners, &c-in the Name of the Clerk,

Hosted by Google

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Adion not dif-continued, &c. by Death, &c. of Clerk.

Clerk to be reimburfed his Cofts, &c.

In what cafe Clerk to be perfonally liable.

or by any Water or Gas Companies, or Commiffioners of Sewers, or any other Perfon or Perfons, due or payable by virtue of any local Adi or Ads of Parliament relating to their refpedive parochial or other Diftrid, or of this Ad, or for or in refped of any other matter or thing relating to fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament or to this A6t, may be brought in the Name of fuch Clerk or Clerks refpedively for the time being, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Effoign, Protedion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed, and in which Adion or Adions it fhall be fufficient for the Clerk or Clerks, as fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them as fuch Clerk or Clerks in the Sum of Ten Shillings, (or fuch other Sum as the Clerk or Clerks fhall fup-pofe to be then due or forfeited,) for fo much Money before then owing (forfeited or Fine fet, as the cafe may be,) from or by the Defendant or Defendants to the faid Clerk or Clerks by virtue of fuch local Ad or Ads, or either of them, relating to his or their refpedive parochial or other Diflrid, or by virtue of this Ad, (as the cafe may be, and mentioning the Titles of fuch Ad or Ads refpedively) ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any fuch Adion or Adions, he or they fhall have full Cofts, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments may now by Law be levied and recovered ; and that no Adion or Suit which may be brought, commenced or profecuted by or againft the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control as afore-faid, or any of them, by virtue or on account of fuch local Ad or Ads of Parliament, or of this Ad, in the Name of fuch their refpedive Clerk or Clerks, fhall abate or be difcontinued by the Death, Sufpenfion or Removal of fuch Clerk or Clerks, or by any Ad or Default of fuch Clerk or Clerks done or fuffered without the Confent or Diredion of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid ; but the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons for the time being fhall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every fuch Adion or Suit (as the cafe may be), except in fuch Adion or Adions as fhall be profecuted between the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons and their refpedive Clerk or Clerks for the time being ; in which Adion or Suit any One of the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control as aforefaid, fhall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the cafe may be) : Provided always, that every fuch Clerk or Clerks or other Perfon in whofe Name any Adion or Suit fhall be commenced, profecuted or defended in purfuance of this Ad, fhall always be reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies to arife by virtue of any fuch local Ad or Ads towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any fuch parochial or other Diftrid, either exclufively or jointly with or for any other Objeds or Pur-pofes, or of this Ad, all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences as he or they fhall be put to or become charged or chargeable with by reafon of his or their being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein ; but no fuch Clerk or other Perfon fhall be perfonally anfwerable or liable for the Payment of the fame or any Part of the fame, unlefs fuch Adion or Suit fhall have been brought

or

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix.

669

or commenced, or the Defence of fuch Adlion or Suit fhall be commenced, without the Order or Diredlionof the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or fhall be profecuted, carried on and continued contrary to their Approbation and Confent.

CXX1. And be it further enabled, That in any Adlion, Profecu-tion, Information, Appeal, Caufe, Suit, Hearing, Examination or Proceeding whatfoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or relating to or concerning any Rate or AfTefTment made or to be made upon any Perfon or Perfons in refpedl of any Property in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or in anywife touching, concerning or relating to any fuch parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, any Inhabitant or Owner or Occupier of Property in any Part of any fuch parochial or other Diftridl may be a competent Witnefs, and fhall be admitted to give Evidence, notwithftanding he might be interefted for and on behalf of fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or might or is or then or thereafter fhould be charged with or liable to pay any Rate or AfTefTment to be raifed, levied and colledted within any fuch parochial or other Diftridl by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament or of this Adi, or by any other Authority whatfoever.

CXXII. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall at any time or times hereafter in any manner whatfoever wilfully obftrudl, hinder or moleft any Commiflioners or Truftees or any other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, or any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or any other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, who are or fhall be appointed or employed to put in Execution this Adi or any local Adi or Adis of Parliament by the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, then every Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall for the Firft Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third or any fubfequent Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner in which other Penalties are hereinafter diredled to be recovered by virtue of this Adi.

CXXIII. And be it further enadled, That in all cafes where One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace is or are or may be empowered by Law to proceed on the Complaint of the Commif-fioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or any of them, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, to proceed on the Complaint of any One of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other fuch Perfons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or any of them, or of any Perfon or Perfons whom they or any Two or more of them by Writing under their Hands fhall appoint for that Purpofe, in fuch and the like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Complaint had

been

Inhabitants may be Witneffes.

Gbftrudling Commiflioners and Surveyors irs Performance of their Duty.

Firft Offence. Second Offence. Subfequent Offence. Penalty.

Juftices to proceed on Complaint of Com-miflloners.

Hosted by Google

6 70

57° GEO. III.

Two Commif-fioners may a£t where uo particular Number is required bv any local A£t or by vhis Aft.

Juftices may a& although they are Commifiioners, &c. or Inhabitants of Diftri#.

JufticeSj with Confent of Com-mifTioners, &c. may make Allowance to Informers out of Penalties which are to be applied to Purpofes of the Adt

Amount of Allowance..

C. XXJLX.

A.D.1817.

been made by fuch Coipmifiiohers or Truftees or other fuch Perfons as aforefaid, or any or all of them.

CXXIV. And be it further enadied, That in every cafe wherein no particular Number of Cqmmiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, are by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to fuch parochial or other Diftridi, or by this Adi, ftipulated and required to be necef-fary to perform any Aft, matter or thing by fuch local A (ft or A<fts of Parliament or by this Adi required or directed to be done and performed, that all and every fuch Adi, matter and thing may be legally and effediually done, executed and performed by any Two or more of fuch Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control for the time being of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the particular parochial or other Diftridi for which they are appointed or empowered to adt; any thing in fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament or in this Adi to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXXV. And be it further enadied, That any Juftice of the Peace in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurifdidtion of this Adi, fhall and may do any Adi or Deed relative to the Office of the Juftice of the Peace diredied by this Adi or by any local Adt or Adis of Parliament, relating to any parochial or other Diftridi therein or otherwife, notwithftanding he fhall or may at the fame time be a Commiffioner or Truftee or other Perfon having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Diftridi within fuch City, Borough or County, and fhall and may acft in the Execution of this Adi or of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or at any Seffions, or upon any Summons, Appeal or other Proceeding whatfoever relating to any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, notwithftanding he fhall then be an Inhabitant of any fuch parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, or fhall pay or may be then or thereafter liable to pay any Rates or Afleffments charged or to be charged upon any Owners or Occupiers of Property in any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXXVI. And be it further enadied, That it fhall be lawful for the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Offender or Offenders (hall be convidied of any Offence againft this Adi, or againft any local Aft: or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridi within the Jurifdidiion of this Adi, or againft any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in purfuance of any fuch local Adi or Adis or of this A<ft, and he and they are hereby required, by and with the Dirediion or Confent of the Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch. parochial or other Diftridi, or of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or of any Perfon appointed by them or any of them, to allow and pay or to order the Allowance and Payment of fuch Part of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which fhall be* impofed upon and fhall be received of any fuch Offender or Offenders convidied before him or them of any fuch Offence as aforefaid (unlefs herein otherwife diredied), not exceeding One Half Part thereof, as the faid Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons as aforefaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or

13	Surveyors

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix<

671

Surveyors of the Pavements as aforefaid, or any of them, /hall direA or approve, unto the Informer or Informers againft fuch Offender or Offenders, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to fuch Juftice or Juf-tices fhall feem meet; and that the Remainder of fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (unlefs herein otherwife direAed as aforefaid), (hall be paid to and (hall belong to the Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being to the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other DiitriA wherein any fuch Offence (hall have been or (hall appear to have been committed, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons or Company as the laid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons (hall from time to time appoint to receive the fame, and to be applied towards the Cofts and Charges of fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, and of paving and repairing the Pavements within any fuch parochial or other DiftriA ; any other A A, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXXVII. And be it further enaAed, That in all Appeals, Hearing or other cafes where the Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other DiftriA within the JurifdiAion of this Adi, or any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, is or are by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or by this Adi (hall or may be authorized or required, or (hall deem it neceffary or expedient, to examine any Perfon or Perfons on Oath or Affirmation, it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpedlively, and they and he are and is hereby refpedlively authorized and required to adminifter an Oath or Affirmation to any fuch Perfon or Perfons, and alfo may require the ProduAion of any Deeds, Inftruments or Papers in the Cuftody or Power of any Perfon or Perfons appealing to them or him, which in their or his Judgment may be neceffary to illuftrate the Subjedl of any fuch Appeal; and that if any Perfon or Perfons, being fo (worn, or having folemnly affirmed, (hall upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, or before any Juftice or Juftices refpedlively, or any of them, wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly convidled, fhall be and is or are hereby declared to be fubjedl and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties to which by any Law then in being any Perlon or Perfons would be fubjedl and liable who (hould be convidled of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who is and are made competent, empowered or required to hear and determine any Complaint or Matter under or by virtue of any local Adi or A As of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or under and by virtue of this Adt, to iffue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to attend as a Witnefs or Witneffes, and to give Evidence upon Oath or folemn Affirmation before any fuch Juftice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fa A contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence againft any fuch local A A or AAs of Parliament, oi againft this AA, or againft any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in

purfuyjucc

Commiffioners, &c. or Juftices, may adminifter Oath, &c.

and may require the Produdlion of Deeds, &c.

Perjury..

Juftices may compei the Attendance of Witneffes,

Hosted by Google

672

C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

Witnefles, on being paid and tendered their Colls, not appearing,

Penalty,

Direction ai to Service of Notices, Sum-rnonfes, &c.

Fines and Penalties, how to be recovered.

purfuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Profecutors or Informers, or Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or of the Perfon or Perfons complained of, and which Summons fuch Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid are hereby required to iffue, if thereunto required ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned as aforefaid, upon being paid or tendered fuch Sum for his or their Coils and Charges, Trouble and Attendance, as the faid Juftice or Juftices fhall think reafonable, lhall refufe or negledt to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without fuch Excufe for fuch his, her or their Refufal or Neglect as fliall be approved of by fuch Juftice or Juftices, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined on Oath or folemn Affirmation, or to give Evidence before fuch Juftice or Juftices, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not being lefs than Five Pounds, nor exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be alfo recovered in the manner hereinafter directed by virtue of this

Aft.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Sum-monfes, Documents, Demands and Accounts, which are diredled and required to be given by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or by this A61, or which are or may be directed or required to be given by any Bye Law, Rule or Order to be made in purfuance thereof, or of any of them, or which fhall or may be neceffary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of any fuch local A6t or Adis or this Adi, or any or cither of fuch Bye Laws, Rules or Orders, of which the manner of ferving the fame is not particularly diredled by fuch local Adi or Adis or by this Adi, fhall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written* and fhall or may be ferved, either by delivering the fame perfonally to the Perfon or Perfons, or one of them, to whom fuch Notices, Sumraonfes, Demands and Accounts refpedlively are to be given, or by leaving the fame at his, her or their ufual or laft known Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Manufadlory or Manufadlories, Office or Offices, Counting Houfe or Counting Houfes, or with any of his or their Partners, Tenants, Clerks or Servants, at his or their laft or ufual known Place or Places of Abode, or at or upon any Tenements, Premifes or Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by any fuch Perfon or Perfons, or whereunto an fuch Notices, Summonfe9, Documents, Demands or Accounts may relate.

CXXX. And be it further enadled, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or by this Adi inflidled or impofed or authorized to be impofed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not in fuch Adt or Adis of Parliament or herein otherwife diredled), upon Proof of the Offences refpedlively, within Three Calendar Months after fuch Offences refpedlively {hall have been or fhall be committed, before any One or more Juftices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi {hall be fituate wherein any fuch Offence {hall have been committed, or {hall be charged or fhall appear to have been committed, either by Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or by

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.Xxix.

C/3

the Information of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward, and the Informer and Informers are hereby declared to be and is and are hereby rendered in any and every fuch cafe a competent Witnefs or competent Witneffes,) ffiall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (rendering the Overplus, if any there be, after deducting all the Colts, Charges and Expences of any Summonfes, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, and of fuch Diftrefs, and the Keeping, Appraifement or Sale thereof, or otherwife relating thereto, unto the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be fo diftrained and fold,) ftiall be paid as hereinbefore directed to the Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being to the Commiffioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other DiftriCt, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons or Company as they ffiall from time to time appoint as aforefaid to receive the fame ; and to be applied as hereinbefore is directed, and fubjeCt to the Powers of rewarding Informers hereinbefore contained ; and in every fuch cafe where Diftrefs is directed to be made, levied or taken by any fuch local ACt or ACts of Parliament or by this ACt, and fufficient Diftrefs ffiall not be found, and fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and Cofts, Charges and Expences ffiall not be forthwith paid, it ffiall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the City, Borough or County aforefaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines, and all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences attending on or occaftoned by any fuch Offence, or any Summonfes, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, or of fuch Diftrefs, and the Keeping, Appraifement or Sale thereof, or otherwife relating thereto, ffiall be fooner paid and fatisfied ; and alfo that any one Juftice of the Peace may and is hereby required to aCt in any and every cafe in which the Concurrence of Two Juftices of the Peace ffiall not be exprefsly required by any fuch local ACt or ACts of Parliament, or by this A61: Provided always, that no Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine inflicted or impofed or authorized to be impofed by virtue of th;s ACt, ffiall become due or be incurred by any Perfons whomfoever for any Offence or Offences under or againft this ACt, unlefs fuch Offences ffiall have been committed after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the paffing of this ACt,

CXXXI. And be it further enaCted, That all and every Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons ffiall be convicted of any Offence againft any local ACt or ACts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other DiftriCt within the JurifdiCtion of this ACt, or againft this ACt, ffiall and may caufe the Conviction to 57 Geo. III.	X	x	be

How and to whom Penalties paid.

Where Diftrefs nut found, 8zc.

Proceedings,

Form of Oon-v id ion.

Hosted by Google

■ 6?4

Dill refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form ;

and Plaintiff in Action for executing A£t not to recover if adequate Amends have been tendered. Limitation of fuch A&ion. Notice, Sec.

C. xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1817.

be drawn up in the following Words, or any other Form of Words to the fame Effedt ; (that is to fay,)

*	j^E it remembered, That on this	Day of

*	,	in	the	Year of our Lord

6	,	A.	B. is duly convidled before

6	of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the [City,

1 Borough or County, as the cafe may be,'] of having \here Jlate the c Offence, as the cafe may be,] contrary to the Form of a Statute [or c of certain Statutes, as the cafe may be], in that cafe made and pro-c vided : And I [or we, as the cafe may be,] do declare and adjudge ‘ that the faid A. B. hath forfeited for his or her [as the cafe may be] e faid Offence the Sum of	and	alfo the

c Sum of	for the Cofts, Charges and

c Expences already incurred thereabouts. Given under my Hand [or 6 Hand and Seal, or our Hands, or our Hands and Seals, as the cafe ‘ may be,] the Day and Year firft above written.’

CXXXII. And be it further enabled, That where any Diftrefs (hall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftndt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or by virtue of this Adt, the Diftrefs itfelf {hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafferor Trefpaffers, on account of any Defedl or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto ; nor {hall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which {hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining ; but the Perfou or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Compen-fation for the fpecial Damage incurred by an Adtion on the cafe : Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs {hall recover in any fuch Adlion on the cafe, or in any Adlion commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of any local Adt or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or in purfuance of this Adi, unlefs fuch Adlion {hall be commenced within Twenty eight Days after any alleged Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful Proceeding {hall be done, nor unlefs Notice in Writing of fuch intended Adlion fhall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks of the Commifiioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or left at his or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, Twenty one Days before fuch Adlion {hall be commenced, figned by the Attorney for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the caufe or caufes of fuch Adlion ; nor {hall any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch Adlion for Satisfadlion for fpecial Damage or otherwife, or for any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs or other Proceedings, if Tender of fufficient Amends {hall be made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who {hall have committed or caufed to be committed every or any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful Proceeding, before fuch Adlion {hall be brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it {hall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adlion, by Leave of the Court where fuch Adlion {hall depend, at any time before Iffue be joined in fuch Adlion, to pay into fuch Court fuch Sum of Money as he, fhe or they {hall think fit; whereupon fuch Proceedings or Order

and

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817,	57° GEO. III.	C.xxix,	«75

and Judgment fhall be had, made or given in and by fuch Court, as in

other A&ions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into

Court ; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any fuch Action or

Adlions fhall be nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Adtion,

or if upon a Demurrer or Verdict or otherwife, Judgment fliall be

given for or fhall be obtained by the Defendant or Defendants in any

luch Adtion, then and in every fuch cafe the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

fhall be liable and fubjedt to the Payment to the Defendant or De- Treble Cofts,

fendants of Treble Cofts ; and the Defendant or Defendants fhall

have all and every fuch Remedies for recovering the fame, as any

Defendant may have by Law for the Recovery of Cofts in any other

cafe.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Appeal from any Perfon or Perfons fliall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves agr jX'eSj,0n ° grieved by any Convidlion or Order of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace adling in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurifdidlion of this Adf, for any Offence committed againft any local Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, or againft this Adi, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Perfon or Perfons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for fuch City, Borough to General or or County, provided the fame fhall not be held within Seven Days Quarter Sel^10n?l after fuch Convidlion or Order fhall be made, and then to the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for fuch City, Borough or County then next fucceeding; and alfo if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Affeff- from Rate; ment or Affeffments, made or to be made for or towards the Ex-pences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, either exclufively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objedls and Purpofes, or by any Bye Law, Rule or Order made or to be made in purfuance of any fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or in purfuance and by virtue of this Adi, or by any other matter or thing done or diredled to be done in purfuance of fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament, or of this Adt, then fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall apply for Relief to the CommiiTioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements for fuch parochial or other Diftridl for which fuch Rate or Affeffment fhall then have been made, or by whom any fuch Bye Law, Rule or Order, or other matter or thing, fhall have been made or done or diredled to be done, at any Meeting to be held within Thirty Days next after the making of any fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, or next after any fuch matter or thing done and committed by or by an Order of the faid Commiflioners or Truftees or other Perfons, by which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved ; and the faid Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons, are hereby authorized and empowered to give fuch Relief in the Premifes as to them fhall feem neceffary ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not be fatisfied with the Determination of fuch Commiflioners, Truftees, or other Perfons, or the faid Commiflioners, Truftees or other Perfons, fhall negledl within Thirty Days after fuch Application to determine or to give Notice of fuch Determination to the Perfon or Perfons fo applying for Relief, then and in either of fuch cafes he, (he or they may appeal to a Quarter or General Seflions of the Peace to be holden for

X x 2	the

Hosted by Google

from Bye Law, &c.

to Com m i f-ftoners, &cy

Relief,

Appeal from Commiflioners, Arc. to General or Quarts r Seflicns.



C. xxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Notice of Appeal.

Recognizance.

the City, Borough or County within fuch parochial or other Diftri6t fhall be fituate, within Four1 Calendar Months next after fuch Application to the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons 5 but that in all and every fuch cafe of Appeal every fuch Appellant, unlefs he, (he or they fhall be Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or fome Perfon or Perfons appointed by them, and whether fuch Appeal fhall be againft any Conviction or Order of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or againft any Rate or Afleflment, or againft any Bye Law, Rule, Order, matter or thing made or done or directed to be done by the faid Commiffioners or Truftees or other Perfons, fhall firft give or caufe to be given Fourteen Days’ Notice at leaft in Writing of his, her or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the matter thereof, figned by every fuch Appellant, and fpe-cifying his, her or their true Refidence and Trade or Profeffion, to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements as aforefaid, by delivering fuch Notice to him or them, or by leaving fuch Notice for him or them at his or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, and within Three Days next after the Service of fuch Notice fhall enter into a Recognizance before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid City, Borough or County, with Two fufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter or General Seffions of the Peace for the faid City, Borough or County ; and the faid Juftices at luch General or Quarter Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid and fuch Recognizance being entered into, in fuch cafes in which fuch Notice and Recognizance are hereby directed and required, fhall hear and determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed againft as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper; and in all cafes wherein the Appeal fhall relate to the Provisions contained in this A<S for compelling fpeedy and effectual Reparation of imperfect Pavement, the faid Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seffions fhall award full Cofts to the Party in whofe Favour they fhall decide and determine, to be allowed as between Solicitor and Client, and to be fettled by the Clerk of the Peace for fuch City, Borough or County for the time being ; and the Determination of fuch Juftices at their Quarter or General Seffions fhall be final, bind-Refufing to obey, ing and conclufive ; and that the Recognizances of any Party dif-obeying, or refufing or negle&ing to obey, any Order which may be made by fuch Juftices, fhall be forfeited, and that every fuch Party fhall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor; and that if any Cofts awarded by them, when fo fettled by the faid Clerk of the Peace, fhall not be forthwith paid, then Double the Amount thereof may be recovered by an A&ion of Debt or on the cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlery wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed; and that the Payment of any Rate or AfiefTment fhall not be fufpended or delayed in confequence of any fuch Notice of Appeal, or whilft fuch Appeal may depend, but that the fame and every Part thereof fhall

and

Colts.

And on Appeals as to Pavements, full Cofts as between Solicitor and Client.

Determination of Seftions final.

Mildemeanor.

If Cofts not paid3 Action.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

67 7

C. xxbs.

and may be demanded, collected and recovered in fuch and the fame manner as if no fuch Notice of Appeal had been given.

GXXXIV. And be it further enabled, That all and every the Juftices todeliver

Recognizance and Recognizances entered into by any Perfon or Per- Recognizances^

fons relating: to any Appeal as aforefaid, (hall be delivered on Demand	eL	t0	1	e

i	i	L	fr	r	,	.	,	.	i	rr	Commit!] oners,

to the Clerk or Clerks ror the time being to the' Commilnoners or ^c< xvh0 may fue

Truftees or other Perfons having the Control-of the Pavements in any on the lame

parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdiblion of this Adi, as

to which fuch Appeal (hall relate, by the Juftice or Juftices who fhall

have taken the fame ; and that the CommifTioners or Truftees, or other

Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of fuch parochial or

other Diftridl, fhall and may fue for, recover and receive the Penalty

and Penalties or Sum and Sums mentioned in any fuch Recognizance

or Recognizances, either in fuch and the fame manner as any Rate,

Penalty or Fine maybe fued for and recovered by virtue of any local

Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any fuch parochial or other

Diflridt, or by virtue of this Adi, or by Adlion or Adlions of Debt

or on the cafe, or other Adlion or Adlions in any of His Majefty’s

Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> with full Cofls of Suit; and that in

any fuch Adlion or Adlions no Effoign, Protection or Wager.of Law,

nor more than One Imparlance, {hall be allowed,.

CXXXV. And be it further enadled, That no Rate or Rates, Proceedings noc-AfTeffment or AflefTments, nor any Proceeding to be had touching qua(hed for want the Convidlion of any Offender or Offenders againft this Adi, or any ofForrn;

Order made, or any other matter or thing to be done or tranfadled in or about the Execution of any local Act or Adts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other Diflridt within the Jurifdidtion of this Adt, or in or about the Execution of this Adt, or in purfuance or by virtue thereof, fhall be vacated or quafned for want of Form ; but that any Rate or Affeffment, or any matters of Form in any Convidlion, Order,

Proceeding or other matter and thing, may be amended, as the Juftices at any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for fuch City,

Borough or County may order and diredt , nor fhall any Rate,. Proceeding, Convidlion, Order, matter or thing be removed or removable nor removable-by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs what foe ver, into any ^CertloraT1>	j

of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminfler or elfewhere ; any '	j

Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.	j

CXXXVI. And be it further enabled. That no Adlion or Suit Notice and	>

fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done	j

in execution or purfuance of any local Adi or Adis of Parliament things ^one jn relating, either exclufively or jointly with any other. Objedls or Pur- Execution of pofes, to the Pavement of any parochial or other Diftridl within the Joeal Adlsrelat- .j Jurifdiblion of this Adi, until after Twenty one Days’ Notice in >ns to Rewriting, figned by the Perfon or Perfons intending to bring fuch mentSj &c*	]

Adlion or Suit, and fpecifying his or their real Refidence, and his or their Trade or Profeffion, fhall be thereof given to the Clerk or Cerks to the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, or other Perfons having the	j

Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other Diftridl within	j

the Jurifdiblion of this Adi, wherein any Fabl may be committed, or	1

for which fuch Action or Suit may be brought ; nor after fufficient Tender of Satisfaction fhall be made or tendered, nor after Three Calendar Satisfaction,

Months next after the Fabl-may be committed for which fuch Adlion or Suit fhall be fo brought; and all fuch Adlions or Suits fhall be laid and tried in the County of Middlefea or City of London, and not

X x 3	in

Hosted by Google

678

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817-

C. xxix.

General IfTue.

treble Cofts.

Tlie Powers

conferred on Commiflloners ?.nd Truftees io belong toVellry ■ men, Gum mi t-tees, Courts .md all other Perlons having the Control of Pavements.

tocal Paving Aits of Pal lia^ tnent not hereby repealed.

in any other County, City or Place ; and that the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Aftions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General lffue, and give any local Adi or Afts of Parliament relating to any fuch parochial or other Diftridl, or this Adi, and the fpecial matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which {hall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for or on which fuch Adtion or Suit fhall be brought was done in purfuance and by the Authority of any fuch local Adi or Adis, or of this Aft ; and if the faid matter or thing fhall appear to have been fo done, or if it fhall appear that fuch Aftion or Suit was brought before Twenty one Days’ Notice was given as before diredled, or that fufficient Satisfadtion was made or tendered or paid into Court as aforefaid, or if any fuch Adtion or Suit fhall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpofe limited, or fhall be laid in any other County City or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and if a Verdidt fhall be found for fuch Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Aftion or Suit fhall become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Aftion or Suit, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in fuch Aftion or Suit, or upon a Verdidl or otherwife, Judgment fhall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the cafes aforefaid fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofts, and fhall have fuch Remedies for recovering the fame as any Defendant may have lor the Recovery of Cofts in other cafes by Law.

CXXXVIL Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all and every the Claufes, Provifions, Articles, matters and things in this Adt contained, and applying or relating to any Commiflioners or Truftees having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftricl within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, fhall alfo extend and apply to, and all the Powers, Privileges, Indemnities and Authorities hereby conferred upon them fhall and may be exercifed and enjoyed by all and every other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridt within the Jurifdiclion of this Aft, under and by virtue of any local Adt or Adis of Parliament or other-wife, and howfoever fuch Perfons having fuch Control may be defignated, entitled and diftinguifhed in and by fuch local Adi or Adis of Parliament or otherwife, and whether they be fo defignated, entitled and diftinguifhed as Veftrymen, Committees, Courts or other-wife i any thing contained in fuch local Adi or Acts to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that they and every of them fhall and may have, exercife and enjoy all fuch Powers, Privileges', Indemnities and Authorities, in fuch and the fame manner as if every fuch public Body and fuch Perfons was or were diftindlly and feparately enumerated, nominated and fet forth in this Aft, and in every Claufe, matter and Provifion herein contained*

CXXXVIII. Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That neither any Att or Afts of Parliament relating either exclufively to the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdiftion of this Aft, or relating thereto jointly with any other Objeft or Purpofe, nor any Claufe, matter or Provifion therein contained, fhall be hereby repealed ; but that the Gommiffioners, Truftees or other Perfons by any fuch local

14	Aft

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix*

6 T9

Ad or Ads of Parliament vefted with the Control or Superintendence of the Pavement of the Streets and public Places in every fuch parochial or other Diftrid, {hall retain and may exercife all and every the Powers and Authorities by all and every fuch local Ad and Ads of Parliament conferred upon them or any of them ; and that they may from time to time and at all times either ad under and upon all or any of the Provifions, Claufes, Powers and Authorities of fuch Ad or Ads of Parliament, or under any of the Provilions, Claufes, Powers and Authorities of this Ad, as they from time to time, upon each Emergency or each particular Occafion, may think proper and deem moil expedient ; but fubjed neverthelefs to all the Provifions contained in this Ad as to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Pavement in every parochial or other Diftrid, and as to the means hereby provided for compelling the fpeedy and effedual Reparation of im-perfed Pavement in all Streets and public Places within the Jurifdidion of this Ad, and the Regulation and Improvement of fuch Streets, and Removal and Prevention of Nuifances and Obftrudions, according to the Provifions of this Ad.

CXXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That neither this A61, nor any Enactment, Claufe, Provifion, matter or thing herein contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the Eftate of The Moft Honourable The Marquis Camden, fituate and being in the Parifh of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlefex, but that the fame fhall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

CXL. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That neither this Ad, nor any Enadment, Claufe, Provifion, matter or thing herein contained, {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the Eftate of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, fituate and being in the Parifh of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlefex, but that the fame {hall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

CXLI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded and declared, That the feveral Powers and Authorities by this Ad granted fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to enable any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to have any Control, Right, Power or Authority over the Sewers and other Works now under the Control and Diredion of the Commiflioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler and Part of the County of Middlefex, or for the Limits extending from Eajl Moulfey in Surrey to Ravenjhourtie in Kent; but that all fuch Powers, Rights and Authorities now vefted in the faid Commiffion-ers, {hall remain and continue in them folely and exclufively, and no others, in fuch and the fame manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had not been pafled.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize the taking down or removing any Bar, Gate, Rail or other Fence fixed for preventing any Thoroughfare into or from any Square, Street or Way, without the Confent of the Owner of the Eftate or Property upon which fuch Bars, Gates, Rails or other Fences, Squares, Streets or Ways, fhall be fituate.

X x 4	CXLIII.	Pro-

i

Provifo for Eftate of Marquis Camden in Saint Pancras:

And for the Eftate of Lord Sommers:

And for the Weftminfter and.' Surrey, &c. Commiflioners of Sewers.

A<ft not to authorize making any Thoroughfare, without Confent of Own* er of Eftate.

(ISO

Provifo fur Parifhes of Iflmgton and Hackney.

56 G. 3. c. 128. *'28, 29.

Ptovifo for the laid A<5f as above recited.

56 G. 3. c. 120, § 79*

G xxix.	57°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1817-

CXLIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That neither this Aft, nor any Enactment, Claufe, Provifion, matter or thing herein contained, {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the Parifhes of Saint Mary IJVington, or of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlefex, although fuch Parifhes are included in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, but that the faid Parifhes fhall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

4 CXLIV. And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Fifty'fixth * Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Act to 4 amend Two A8s made in the Fifty third Tear of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefly, for opening a more convenient Communication from 4 Mary le bone Park to Charing Crofs, and for paving the Streets 4 to he made in Mary le bone Park ; and to enable His Majefly to 4 grant fmall Portions of Land as Scites for public Buildings, or to 4 be ufed as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality \ it was enafted,

4 that it fhould be lawful for the Commifiioners for executing that Aft 4 to authorize and permit the building or erefting and making of 4 any Porticoes, Arcades and other covered Ways projecting from 4 any Buildings or Houfes which- fhould or might be built on the 4 Sides of the new Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paf-4 fages or Places comprifed within the Provifions of the faid Aft,

4 extending over any Footways of the faid Streets, Squares, Cir-4 cuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages or Places, under the Reftriftions 4 therein mentioned ; and to permit the erefting or making, or con-4 tinuing or fullering to remain, the Fronts of any Houfes or Build-4 ings in the faid Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Paffages 4 and Places, in fuch manner as that fome Fronts might recede be-4 hind or advance before others, and with Bow Windows or other 4 Projections, and with Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilafters, Co-4 lumns and Shop Windows, or other Projections, under the Re-4 ftriftions therein mentioned Now therefore be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter, abridge, repeal or affeft any of the faid Provifions in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty contained, ^or to authorize or empower any Surveyor of Pavements, or other Perfon or Perfons, to remove or alter, or to require the Removal or Alteration of any Porticoes, Arcades or other covered Ways, Bow Windows, Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilafter Columns, Architectural Ornaments or other Projections which have been heretofore or fhall be hereafter authorized or permitted, by the Commifiioners for the time being for executing the faid recited Aft, to be made in or to any Houfes or other Ereftions which fhall have been or fhall or may be ereftedor built in any of the Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paffages or Places comprifed within the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

4 CXLV. And Whereas by the faid laft mentioned Aft it was 4 enafted, that fuch of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands and Heredita-4 ments, which were intended to be taken and ufed under the Provifions 4 and for the Purpofes of the firft Aft therein recited, as are fituated 4 in the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, and alfo the Houfes and Build-4 ings to be erefted on the faid Lands, fhould for ever thereafter, in 4 making any Rates or Affeffments for the paving, repairing, watch-

‘ i

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxix, xxx.

681

6 ing> lighting and cleaning the feveral Streets and other Places in the « laid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, be charged and affefTed thereto,

6 as being altogether and in the whole of the yearly Rent or Value * of Six thoufand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; and that c the fame fhould for ever thereafter be charged and affefTed and « rated at the faid yearly Rent of Six thoufand and eighty four ‘ Pounds, whether the Rents or Values of the fame fhould be more or 1 lefs Be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein contained {hall be conftrued or extend to alter, repeal or annul the Provifions contained in the faid recited Adi of the Fifty iixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with Relation thereto ; but that all fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments comprifed within the Provifions of the faid recited Adi of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, as are fituate within the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, fhall for all the Purpofes of this Adi be charged and afTeffed as being altogether and in the whole of the faid yearly Rent or Value of Six thoufand and eighty four Pounds, and no more ; and that the faid Sum of Six thoufand and eighty four Pounds fhall at all times hereafter, and for all the Purpofes of this Adi, be deemed and taken to be the annual Rent or Value of all fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding.

CXLVI. Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall be conitrued to extend to the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter IVejlminjler, which has a Pavement of its own to maintain, or to fuch Part or Parts of the immediate Clofe thereof, which have been hitherto exempt from Paving Rates ; nor to give Power to the Commifiioners or Truflees or other Perfons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other Diftridl under the Operation of this Adi, to purchafe or to pull down any Houfes, Walls or Buildings, being Part of the faid Collegiate Church, Wejlminjler School and the Buildings thereto appertaining, fituate within the ancient Clofe of the fame Collegiate Church, or in College Street, Dean Street, Smith Street or The Sanctuary, and which are adjoining to Dean's Tard, or adjoining to any of the Houfes contiguous to Dean's Tard and the Yards or Play Grounds belonging to the fame Houfes ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

CXLVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That neither this Adi, nor any Enadlment, Claufe, Provifion, matter or thing herein contained, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads or to any Part of any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads, whether the fame fhall be paved or unpaved, now being in any parochial or other Diftridl within the Jurifdidlion of this Adi, but that the fame fhall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

CXLVIII. And be it further enadled, That this Adi fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adi, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Houfes, See. within the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, within the faid A&, to be rated at a fpecific Sum.

Provifo for the Collegiate Church of Welt-minfter and Places contiguous thereto;

and for Turnpike Roads.

Public A6t.

Cap. xxx.

An Adi to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of 50 G.3. e.191. Newcajlle uponTyne. (3)	[16th	June1817.]

Cap.

Hosted by Google

682

13 G..3. 29 G. 3. 4i G. 3. (U. K.) 43 G.3.C 50 G. 3.

3^ G. 3. 56 G. 3.

41 G.

C. xxxi—xxxix.	57° GEO. III.	A.D.	1817.

Cap. xx xi.

An Ad for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, landed on or fhipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Veffels reforting to the faid Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.	[16th June	1817,]

Cap. xxxii.

c. 28. An A6t for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours ^ 43*	of Greenock ; for eftablifhing and fupporting a Harbour Police ;

'*	and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Parifhes of

.Ixxxvii. Greenock.	[16th June	1817.]

c. clxvii.

Cap. xxxiii.

c.clxxii. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Fifty fecond Year c. xxiv. Qf prefent Majefty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Diftrids, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[16th June	1817.]

Gap. xxxiv.

An Ad for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, in the County of Middlesex, a feparate and diftind Parifh ; and for ered-ing a Parifh Church therein, and other Purpofes relating thereto.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of Chrijl Church in the County of Surrey ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[	16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Ad for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing additional Burying Ground, for the Parifh of Bradford, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.	[16th June 1817.J

Cap. xxxvii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Bull's Head Lane, in the Parifh of Mansjield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Bajin in the Parifh of Pinxton, in the County of Derby.

[16th June 1817.]

Gap. xxxviii.

•C-I09- An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifhes of Norton and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk ; and for draining certain Lands in the faid Parifh of Norton.	[16th	June 1817*]

Cap. xxxix.

An Ad to amend an Ad, palled in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for improving and rendering more commodious fuch Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are fituate on the South Side of the River Anna Lljfey} and Weft

of

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. xxxix.

683

of His Majefty’s Caftle of Dublin ; and for the Appointment of

an Infpedlor of the Preferments and other Accounts of the

County of the City of Dublin.	[i6th June 1817.]

[3lG,2. c. 19. 33G.2-r.15. 7 (r.3. c.7. 21	22	G.3.	r. 17*

23 fcf 24 G. 3. r. 31. 26 G. 3.*:.32.	27	G.	3. r. 43. 30 G. 3*

r. 19. 36 G. 3. r. 54. 39G.3-r. 53. 40 G.3. r.61. Irijh Afts; and 47 G. 3. Sejf.2* ( Z7. if.) r.lxxiv. extended to this Aft, § I.]

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhall not be lawful Commiffioners

to and for the faid Commiflioners to take down, remove or make not to remove ufe of, for any of the Purpofes of this A&, any Mefluages, Houfes Buildings, except or Buildings, other than and except fuch as are fpecified, mentioned as in Schedule* and declared in the Schedule hereunto annexed.	»

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That it fhall and may Mifnomers not be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to take down, alter, to prevent Eoce-remove and make ufe of any Meffuage, Houfe or other Building, sutionofAdh and to cut into, through, acrofs or over, and make ufe of the Lands

and Grounds whereon the fame fhall be fltuate, for any of the Pur-pofes of the faid recited Adis and this Adi, in any fuch Street, Lane,

Way or Paflage as aforefaid, notwithflanding the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, is or are not mentioned in the Schedule to this Adf, in all cafes where it fhall appear to any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Dublin, and be certified by them under their Hands, that the Name or Names of fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, hath or have been omitted by Miflake in the faid Schedule, or that inftead of his, her or their Name or Names, the Name or Names of fome other Perfon or Per-fons hath or have been by Miflake inferted therein ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That the Members who ferve in Members for the Parliament for the County of Dublin for the time being, fhall be and County of Dub-become Commiflioners for carrying the faid recited Acts and this Adi

into Execution, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, and with fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, and fubjedl to fuch and the like Rules, Orders and Directions, as if they had been nominated or appointed by the faid recited Adts or any of them.

V.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Suit and Suits Suits may be

at Law or in Equity, which are now carrying on and prolecuting profecuted or againft the faid Commiflioners, or defended by the faid Commiflioners rfefencle<J ^ in their own Names, fhall and may from and after the palling of	Secre-

this Adi be carried on, profecuted and defended by the faid Com- tary} miflioners in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or the Perfon or Perfons appointed thereto for the time

being ; and that all Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, touching or concerning any Contradl or Contradts or Agreements heretofore made or entered into by the faid Commiflioners, fhall be carried on, profecuted and defended in the Name of fuch Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being ; and that all fuch Suits and Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity, in the Name of fuch Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, fhall be as good and efledlual to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Suits and Proceedings had been commenced, profecuted and defended, or carried on, in the Name of the faid Commiflioners

©r

Hosted by Google

684

C. xxxix.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

Suit not to abate by Death or Removal of Clerk or Secretary.

A Certificate by Clerk or Secretary of Orders or Proceedings of Commiffioners, conclufive Evidence thereof.

Certificate of Appointment of Clerk, Evidence.

Clerk or Secretary reimburfed.

Premifes fituate partly in the County of Dublin and partly in the City, may be valued by cue Jury.

or any of them ; and in cafe any Bill or Petition fhall be filed or exhibited in any Court of Equity againfl the faid Commiffioners for Lhe time being, or any of them, or their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being, for or on account of any matter or thing by the faid Commiffioners, or any of them made or done in Execution of the Powers, Authorities, or Trulls heretofore or hereby veiled in them the faid Commiffioners or any of them, fhall not be obliged to anfwer fuch Bill or Petition ; but that the Anfwer of fuch Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, to fuch Bill or Petition, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Anfwer of the faid Commiffioners, and fhall be binding upon them to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; and in cafe fuch Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, fhall happen to die, or be removed by the faid Commiffioners, while fuch Suit or Suits fhall be depending, that then and in fuch cafe fuch Suit or Suits fhall not abate by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, but fhall be carried on and defended in the Name of the fucceeding Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or if more than one, in the Name of the Survivor, and fhall Hand to all Intents and Purpofes in the fame State and Condition as it was immediately before the Death or Removal of fuch former Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries.

VI.	And be it enacted, That on all Indi6lments and Criminal Proceedings in all cafes whatever, in all Courts of Law or Equity and before all Magiflrates in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Certificate of any Order, Proceeding, Appointment or other A61 of the faid Commiffioners, under the Hands and Seal of the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries of the faid Commiffioners for the time being, mail, without further Proof, be deemed and taken as conclufive Evidence that fuch Order, Proceeding, or other A6ls as fhall be thereby certified, is the Order, Proceeding, Appointment, or A61 of the Commiffioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin ; and every fuch Certificate of the Appointment of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, fhall be conclufive Evidence in like manner that the Perfon or Perfons fo named in fuch Appointment is the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries to the faid Commiffioners.

VII.	Provided always, That every fuch Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, in whofe Name any A6lions or Suits (hall be profecuted or defended in purfuance of this A61, fhall be fully reimburfed and paid, out ol the Money which fhall arife from any Rates or Affeffments to be levied under this A61, all fuch Cofls, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in confequence of any fuch A6lion or Proceeding he or they fhall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reafon of his or their being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it ena6led, That in all the cafes where the faid Commiffioners or their Succeffors fhall think it neceffary to pur-chafe any Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, or Premifes, Part whereof fhall be fituate in the County of Dublin, and other Part whereof fhall be fituate in the County of the City of Dublin, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or their Succeffors to caufe fuch Premifes, whether fituate in the County or County of the City of Dublin aforefaid, to be valued by one and the fame Jury, they

the

Hosted by Google

A.D.181

57° GEO. III.

C. xxxix.

685

the laid Commiffioners or their Succeffors caufing 8ix of the Jurors to be impannelled and fworn for fuch Valuation to be Men of the County of Dublin> and the other Six of fuch Juries to be Men of the County of the City of Dublin ; and that all and every the Powers and Authorities veiled in the faid Commiffioners by any former A£ts, touching or concerning any Valuation or Valuations by a Jury, ffiall and may extend and be conllrued to extend to all Valuations to be made in purfuance of this A<5t.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That this AS (hall be deemed and Public Aft. taken to be a Public A61, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which the A£l refers.

Defcription of Premiles.	Where fitwate.	Owners.	Occupiers. 1
A Dwelling Houfe ^	No. 57, Fifhamble 7	Joleph Smith, Efq. Reprel'en- 7	Thomas Perry.
	Street 3	tative of Patience Fuite - 3	Judith M‘Cann.
Two Dwelling Houfes ^	58 and 59, fame 7 Street - 3	Berkley Buckingham Smyth / Stafford, a Minor _ £	Charles O’Neil.
A Dwelling Houfe and ? Warehoufe - \	60, fame Street ^	Thomas Murphy, Elizabeth 7 White, Earl of Moira - 5	William O(borne.
A Dwelling Houfe and 7 Premifes - - f	No. 17, Skinner Row	Abraham Mafon	Martin Harney.
A Dwelling Houfe	18, fame Street	Ambrofe Boxwell	Ambrofe Boxwell.
A Dwelling Houfe	19, fame Street	Affignees of John Tudor ^	Terence  O’Loughlin.
A Dwelling Houfe	20, fame Street	Ditto ditto	Edward Murphy.
A Dwelling Houfe	21, lame Street	Ditto ditto	Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	22, fame Street ^	John Hudfon, the Alfignees of 7 John Tudor - -3	Jofeph Malone.
A Dwelling Houfe	23, fame Street	Aflignees of John Tudor	Unoccupied.
Three Dwelling Houfes ^	24,25,26, fame 7 Street - 3	Dean and Chapter of Chrift 7 Church - - - 5	Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	27, fame Street	George Harrifou	John Thorpe.
A Dwelling Houfe	28, fame Street	Richard Folds, Jefeph Ducket -	Stephen Strech.
A Dwelling Houfe	29, fame Street ^	Robert Mulock, Sir Compton 7 Domville, Bart. - - 3	John Wright.
A Dwelling Houfe	30, fame Street ^	Bernard Campfie, Jane Had- 7 dock, the Dean and Chapter >	Matthew Tom-
		of Chrift Church - - 3	mm.
A Dwelling Houfe	31, fame Street^	Thomas Gilchrift, Jane Had--! dock, Dean and Chapter of>	Thomas Fair-brother.
		Chrift Church - - j	
A Dwelling Houfe	32, fame Street	Sir Compton Domville, Bart.	Bridget Perry.
A Dwelling Houfe	33, fame Street jj	Hickman Blaney Molefworth,7 Archdeacon King - - 3	George Friend.
A Dwelling Houfe	34, fame Street ^	John Hynes, Dean and Chapter 7 of Chrift Church - - 3	John Hynes.
A Dwelling Houfe	35, fame Street ^	Dean and Chapter of Chrift 7 Church - - 3	Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	36, fame Street	Ditto ditto	• Unoccupied.
Three ruinous Houfes < c	No. 1, 2,3, Chrift 7 Church Yard £	Ditto ditto	■ Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	9, fame Street ^	George Dowdall, the Dean and 7 Chapter of Chrift Church $	John Bate.
A Dwelling Houfe	10, fame Street	Robert Williams, William Hall • Robert Williams, William Hall •	■ John Riordan.
A Dwelling Houfe	11, fame Street		- Unoccupied.

Hosted by Google

686

C. xxxix,

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

SCHEDULE—continued.

Defcription of Premifes.	Where fituate.	Owners.	Occupiers.
Two Dwelling Houfes ^	No. 12 and i2|-, 7 fame Street 3	William Hall	Charles O’Neil.
Two Dwelling Houfes |	13 and 14, fame 7 Street $	Rev. John Gorges	Patrick Kirk.
A Dwelling Houfe	15, fame Street	Ditto ditto	Mary Petit.
A Dwelling Houle	16, fame Street ^	Dean and Chapter of Chrift 7 Church - - J	Jane Bell.
	r	William Collins, Dean and *7	
A Dwelling Houfe	No. 47, Kevin Street <	Chapter of St. Patrick’s V Cathedral - .j	David Drifcoll.
A Dwelling Houfe	48, fame Street	Ditto ditto - -	Jofeph O’Brien.
A Dwelling Houfe	49, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	George Cluefs.
A Dwelling Houfe |	No. 7, St. Patrick’s f South Clofe 2	Vicars Choral of St. Patrick’s 7 Cathedral - - - 5	William Collins.
A Dwelling Houfe	6 j fame Street	Ditto ditto - - ^	Mr. Thomas Bourne.
A Dwelling Houfe	5, fame Street	Ditto ditto - -	William Maguire.
Four fmall Dwelling \	No. 1, 2, 3, 4, Mitre J	Thomas Mathews, VicarsCho-7	William Collins.
Houfes - \	Alley - 2	ml of St. Patrick’s Cathedral 5	
A Dwelling Houfe	5, fame - ^	Vicars Choral of St. Patrick’s 7 Cathedral - - 5	Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	No. 5^, fame	Vicars Choral of St. Patrick’s	Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	6, fame - ^	James Lyons, Vicars Choral of 7 St. Patrick’s Cathedral - 3	Darby Brien.
A Dwelling Houfe	7, fame - J  c	Thomas Mathews, Vicars Cho- 7 ral of St. Patrick’s Cathedral J Aflignees of William Egan, a}	Charles Smyth.
A Dwelling Houfe	St. Patrick Street •<	Bankrupt, Bridget Doyle,f Richard Corballes, Arch-t"	John Lynch.
	i	deacon of Dublin - - j	
A Yard	Same Street	Ditto ditto -	Edward Kelly.
A Dwelling Houfe	Same Street  c	Ditto ditto -Michael Frayne, Francis Han-}	Edward Downey.
A Dwelling Houfe	57, fame Street? <	na, Petty Canons of St. Pa-> trick’s Cathedral - .J	Thomas Codd.
	C	John Byrne, Francis Hanna,}	
A Dwelling Houfe	58, fame Street 4	Petty Canons of St. Patrick's C Cathedral - - -j	James Towers.
Two Dwelling Houfes ^	59 and 60, fame f Street - 2	Dean and Chapter of St. Pa- 7 trick’s Cathedral - - J	Mary Gorman.
A Dwelling Houfe and > Warehoufe )	36, Bride Street ^	Edward Conflable, Petty Ca-7 nons of Patrick’s Cathedral 5	Win. Robinfon.
A Dwelling Houfe	37, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	Unoccupied.
A Dwelling Houfe	1, Cannon Street	Ditto ditto	Robert Tomkins.
A Dwelling Houfe	2, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	James Towers.
A Dwelling Houfe	3, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	James Towers.
Two Dwelling Houfes ^	4 and 5, fame ? Street - £	Ditto ditto -	Alex. Copeland.
A Dwelling Houfe	6, fame Street	Ditto ditto -	James Towers.
A Market Houfe for? the Sale of Corn £	St Thomas Street	Corporation of the City of Dublin	

Cap.

57° GEO. III.

C. xl.

G87

Cap. xl.

An Adt for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer ; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelfea.	[l6th June 18x7.]

WHEREAS an Adt was paffed in the Twenty fixth Year of 26 G. 3. c. 108.

the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for explaining, amending and reducing into one AB of Parliament the federal ABs paffedfor more ejfeBually preventing the Frauds and Ahufes committed in the Admeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and fuch Part of the Parifo of Saint * Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlefex : And Where- 36 G. 3- c- 61. as another Aft was paffed in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for further continuing and amending the feveral ABs paffed for preventing the Frauds and Abufes committed in the Admeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone, and fuch Part of the Parifj of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlefex : And Where- 42 G.3.C. hxxix. as another Adt was paffed in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to remove Doubts as to certain ABs relating to the Admeafurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an AB paffed in the Twenty fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefy, relating to the Admeafurement of Goals within the Limits aforefaid, and to indemnify all Perfons who have aBed in pur-fiance of any of the Provifions of the faid AB : And Whereas, by virtue of the firft of the faid recited Adts, an Office was eftabliftied within the City and Liberty of Wefminfer, called by the Name of ‘ the Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Wef-minfer, to be managed by fuch Two Perfons as ffiould be nominated and appointed by His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors ; which Two Perfons fhould be called by the Title of 4 The Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer,’ and continued by the laft of the faid recited Adts until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament: And Whereas, by Letters Patent under the Privy Seal of His prefent Majefty, refpedtively bearing Date the Third Day of March in * the Thirty eighth Year of His Reign,-and the Twenty third Day 4 of December, in the Forty feventh Year of His Reign, His faid Ma-4 jefty granted to John Baker of Northumberland Street, Wefminfer,

6 Gentleman, and Alexander Tulloch of Saint Albans Street, Wef -‘ minfer, Gentleman, the faid Land Coal Meter's Office for the City c and Liberty of Wefminfer, and nominated and appointed them the 4 Principal Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wef minfer,

4 during His Royal Will and Pleafure : And Whereas by an Adt 47 G.3. SefT. 2.

4 paffed in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma- C**XV,M-i jefty> intituled An AB for repealing the feveral ABs for regulating

4 the

Hosted by Google

688

C-xl.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.181/-

6 the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and 4 Weftminfter, and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Coun-

<	ties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent and EfTex, and for making better 4 Provifion for the fame> the feveral A<fts of Parliament hereinbefore

*	referred to were repealed, and other Provifions and Regulations

*	were made for preventing Frauds and Abufes in the Admeafure-

*	ment and Delivery of Coals within the Limits in the faid A£t ‘ mentioned ; and by the faid Aft it was enatted, that the faid John. 4 Baker and Alexander Tullochytht Two Perfons then laft nominated

*	and appointed by His faid prefent Majefty, and then holding and 4 exercifing the Office of Principal Land Coal Meters for the City*

*	of Wejlminjler, ffiould remain and continue fuch Principal Land 6 Coal Meters for the Purpofe of admeafuring Coals within the 6 City and Liberty of Wejlminjler, and for that Part of the Duchy e of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and for the feveral Pariffies of Saint 4 Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and for fuch Part of the 4 Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middle-

*	fexy and for other Purpofes mentioned in the faid A6t, fave and ex-4 cept he or they ffiould die or be removed from fuch Office or ‘ Offices by His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, which Removal 4 Plis Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, are thereby empowered to 6 make, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight

*	hundred and feventeen, and from thence to the End of the then i next Seffion of Parliament : And Whereas the Regulations con-

*	tained in the faid recited A£t have been found very beneficial c to the Confumers of Coals within the Limits therein com-

*	prifed : And Whereas the Term for which the faid John Baker 4 and Alexander Tulloch were continued Principal Land Coal Meters 6 as aforefaid hath nearly expired, and His Majefty has been gra-

*	cioufly pleafed that the fame ffiould be renewed in Manner herein-4 after mentioned : And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether the ‘ faid Principal Coal Meters have the Power of fufpending or dif-

*	miffing the labouring Land Coal Meters appointed by them by

*	virtue of the faid recited A& ; and it is therefore expedient that

*	fuch Power ffiould be exprefsly given to them: And Whereas by

*	the faid recited A£t of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His .56 G.3. c.xxi. c prefent Majefty, and by an A6t made in the Fifty fixth Year of

‘ the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for preventing 4 Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the 4 feveral Parijhes in the County of Middlefex lying between the f Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea and the Mouth of the River Colne

*	near Staines ; and alfo between Limehoufe Hole and the Mouth of 1 the River Lee near Blackwall; and alfo within the feveral Parjhes

*	in the Counties of Middlefex and Effex, adjoining to both Banks of

*	the River Lee and the Branches thereof between the River Thames

*	and Edmonton, Regulations have been made for preventing Frauds 4 in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals in all the Places ad-4 joining the River Thames between the Mouth of the River Lee 4 near Blackwall and the Mouth of the River Colne near Staines, ex-

<	cepting only the faid Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelfea : And Whereas,

4 fince the Eftabliffiment of the Land Coal Meter’s Office for the 4 City and Liberty of Wejlminjler, the faid Pariffi of Saint Luke

*	6 CheVea hath greatly increafed in Population and Buildings, and

( the Houfes and Streets therein adjoin to and communicate with

4 certain

57° GEO. III.

a xi.

<	certain Parts of the City and Liberty of Wefminfer : And c Whereas the Provifions of the faid ACt of the Forty feventh Year

<	of His prefent Majefty are liable to be greatly evaded by carrying c Coals landed in the faid Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea into the City 6 and Liberty of Wefminfer ; and it is apprehended that if the Re-

*	gulations contained in the faid recited ACt of the Forty feventh

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty were extended to the c faid Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea, they would be of great Benefit

*	to the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh, and would prevent the PrO-c vifions of the faid A Cl of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign ‘ of His prefent Majefty from being evaded : And Whereas, in confe-6 quence of the immediate Vicinity of the faid Parifh of Saint Luke 1 Chelfea to the faid City and Liberty of IVefminfer, the faid Parifh

*	of Saint Luke Chelfea might with peculiar Convenience be com-1 prifed within the Limits of the faid Land Coal Meter’s Office c for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer .*’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That from and after the palling of this ACt the faid Land Coal Land Coal Meter’s Office for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer (hall be Meter’s Office deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter’s Office, f°r not only for the faid City and Liberty of Wefminfer, and for that principal Office*8 Part of the Duchy of Lancafer adjoining thereto, and for the faid for Chelfea. feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone> and fuch Part of the faid Parifh of Saint Andrew Holhorn as lies in the County of Middlefexy but alfo for the faid Pari ill of Saint Luke Chelfea: Provided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter’s Office already eftablifhed under the faid recited Ads in and for the City and Liberty of Wefminfer, there fhall be an Office to be fituated in the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof.

II. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling Regulations of of this ACt, all the Regulations, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, 47 G- 3- SefT. i. Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things in c.lxvni. extended the faid recited ACt of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His t0 e ea* prefent Majefty contained concerning the City and Liberty of Wef -mirfer and that Part of the Duchy of Lancafer adjoining thereto, and the faid feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holhorn as lies in the County of Middlefex, or concerning the Land Coal Meter’s Office for the faid City and Liberty of Wefminfer, or the principal or labouring Coal Meters belonging to the fame ; or concerning the Admeafurement, Sale, or Delivery of Coals, or the Sums of Money to be paid for admeafuring Coals, or the ftoring or ware-houfing of Coals, or any other ACt, matter or thing wbatfoever to be done under the Provifions of the faid ACt, within the fame City and Liberty, Places and Parifhes, fhall extend and be con-ftrued to extend to the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea, and fhall operate and be in force, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, as fully and efFe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if the faid Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea had been originally included and fpecified in the faid feveral recited ACts, and comprifed 57 Geo. III.	Y	y	within

Hosted by Google

69 0

C.xl.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

within the Limits of the faid L&nd Coal Meter’s Office for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler> and as if the laid Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelfea had been fpecified with the faid feveral Pariffies in the faid lad recited Ad mentioned, in all Regulations, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things in the faid Ad fpecified, and in all Forms directed to be ufed thereby, together with the Names of the faid City and Liberty of Wejlminjler and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and the feveral Pariffies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le hone, and fuch Part of the Pariffi of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlejex, when and fo often as the fame Names occur therein, and as if the Title of this Ad were inferted in addition to the Title of the faid recited Ad, in all Forms direded to be ufed by the faid Ad, in which the Title of the faid recited Ad is direded to be inferted, and as if the fame refpedively were feverally and feparately reenaded in this Ad, in relation to the faid Pariffi.

Tohri Baker and III. And be it further enaded, That the faid John Baker and loch*to be Prin" -Alexander Tulloch, the Two Perfons nominated by His faid prefent cipal Land Coal Majefty, and now holding and exercifing the Office of Principal Meters for Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler, ffiall 'Weftminfter>&c. remain and continue and are hereby appointed fuch Principal Land and Chelfea (un- Coal Meters for the Purpofe of admeafuring Coals within the City the&further*Term an^ liberty of Wejlminjler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler of 14 Years. adjoining thereto, and in the feveral Pariffies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le lone, and fuch Part of the Pariffi of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlejex,and alfo within the faid Pariffi of Saint Luke Chelfea, and for other the Purpofes in the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty and this Ad mentioned or referred to, (fave and except they or either of them ffiall die or be removed from fuch Office or Offices, by His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, which Removal His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, is and are ffiereby empowered to make,) from the Expiration of the Term limited by the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for and during the further Term of Fourteen Years, aod from thence to the End of the then next Seffipn of Parliament.

His Majefty to IV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe, and when and as lTodCoalnCoften as the faid John Baker and Alexander Tulloch, or either of Meters upon	them, or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be from time to

any Vacancy.	time appointed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad of the Forty

feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, ffiall be removed from his Office, or the time limited for the Execution of fuch Office ffiall expire, or ffiall die, or become incapable of ading in the Execution of his Office, then it ffiall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to nominate and appoint the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons, as the cafe may happen, to be Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of fuch Principal Land Coal Meter, who ffiall be fo removed, or whofe time limited for the Execution of his Office ffiall expire, or who ffiall die or become incapable of ading in the Execution of his Office, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, and fo toties quoties, as often as any fu^h cafe ffiall happen.

V, And

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

C.xL

691

V.	And be it further enadled, That the Principal Land Coal Meters for the time being for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler> and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and the faid feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone9 and fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlefex, and the faid Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea, or either of them, may, from time to time, fufpend or difmifs the Labouring Land Coal Meters appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the faid recited A6t of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty or this A 61, as and when they or he fhall in their or his Difcretion think fit.

VI.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this A61 it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commifiioners of His Majefty's Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make fuch Rules and Regulations, for better fe-curing to the Public a juft Quantity and Quality of Coals, as he or they fhall deem proper ; and alfo to fufpend or difmifs any Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the faid recited A 61 of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or of this A6t, as and when he or they fhall in his or their Difcretion think fit; and alfo, that it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners, as the cafe may be, to appoint from time to time fuch or fo many other fit and proper Perfons as he or they may deem fufficient and necefiary to perform and execute, or afiift in performing and executing, the feveral Duties required to be performed and executed by the faid recited A6t of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or by the Regulations of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners, by the Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, with fuch Salaries as fhall be ordered and appointed by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners, to be paid out of the Monies which fhall be lawfully collected under the faid recited A.61, at the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and the feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le hone, and fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlefex, and alfo for the faid Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfea ; and that neither the faid John Baker and Alexander Tullochy or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be appointed under or by virtue of this A<ft as aforefaid, fhall have any Power or Authority to remove or difmifs any of the Perfons fo appointed by the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of the Commifiioners appointed to execute that Office, unlefs exprefsly authorized fo to do by fuch Lord High TYeafurer Gr Commifiioners.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public A£t, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices and others, without beinsr fpecially pleaded.

Y y 2	Cap>

Principal Land Coal Meters may fufpend or difmifs labouring Meters.

Treafury may make Regulations, and remove, Sec. Principal and other Meters, &c.

and appoint others, and alfo Salaries.

Principal Meter not to remove thofe appointed by Treafury, unlefs authorized fo to do.

Public Aft.

Hosted by Google

692

C. xli—xliv.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

06 G.3. c.78.

Recited Aft repealed.

Public Aft.

41 G. 3. c. xcvii.

13 G. 3.c,m, 22 G.3. c.89.

Cap. xli.

An A£t for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glafgoiv with Gas, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[16th	June	1817.]

Cap. xlii.

An Adt to repeal an A£t made in the laft Sefiion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the feveral Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.	[16th	June	1817.]

‘ TT7HEREAS by an A& pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of the

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for pre-

*	venting Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals c within the feveral Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in 1 the County of Kent, a certain Principal Land Coal Meter was ap-4 pointed for executing the Provifions thereof, which faid Principal 4 Land Coal Meter was thereby directed and required, from time to 4 time, to nominate and appoint a fufficient Number of labouring 4 Land Coal Meters for the Admeafurement of Coals fold within the 4 feveral Parifhes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, Saint 4 Alphege Greenwich^ Saint Joule's Charlton next Woolwich, Saint 4 Mary Woolwich, Plumjlead, Frith, Dartford, Stone, Swainfcombe%

4 Northfleet, Gravefend and Milton next Gravefend, in the Town of ‘ Gravefend, and the Parifh of Denton, lying contiguous to or ad*

*	joining the Water Side, in the faid County of Kent; and certain 4 Regulations were thereby made refpedfing the Vend and Delivery c of Coals fold within the fame refpedtively : And Whereas the Re-

*	gulations of the aforefaid A£t have not been found to be beneficial, ‘ but, on the contrary thereof, have been and are inconvenient and

*	burthenfome to the Inhabitants of the faid Parifhes, and ought to 6 be repealed :y May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid A61 fhall be, and the fame A£t is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

II. And be it further ena<5ted, That this A£t fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public A£t, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. xliii.

An A61 to continue and amend an A6t made in the Forty fecoind Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Caufe-way Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame. (c)	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. xliv.

An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral A6ts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro,

and

Hosted by Google

and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Corn-wall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the Ri ver there, (c)	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. xl'v.

An Aft for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Wejlmoreland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parifh of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Branch from or near Chapel Hoife to Egglejlon Bridge, in the fame Parifh. (<z)

v	[16th	June iSty.J

Cap. xlvi.

An Aft for continuing f and amending an Aft of His prefent Ma-jefty, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lin-coin, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parifh of Greetham, in the County of RutlandI. (a)	[16th	June 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees.^	f	[No	Term	mentioned, vide § 1. 26.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Aft for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Townfhip of Manchejler to Newton Chapel, in the Townfhip of Newton, with a Branch to the River Medlock, in the Townfhip of Droylfden, in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (c)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlviii..

An Aft for fhutting up and difcontinuing a certain Way or Paffage called Old Paris Garden Lane, fituate in the Parifh of Chrijl Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and difpofing of the Ground and Soil thereof.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlix.

An Aft to continue an Aft, paffed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the feveral Laws theretofore made relating to the laid Road.	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. 1.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancajler, to the Town of Burnley, in the faid County ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (r)

[16th June 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted.]

Yy 3

Cap0

69 3

in part repealed, § ;•

42 G. 3. c.iv.

35 G-3* c.i5*.

33G.3.C.90.

35 G. 3. (I.) c- 43. Term to ceafe, and, together with this Adt, thenceforth continued for 31 Years, &c.

45 g-3- c.43-recited.

38 G. 3. c.U.

Hosted by Google

694

C. li—lviii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817-

36 G 3. c. 134* repealed as to Turnpike Roads.

13 G.3. c.98. 35 G. 3 c. 165.

33 & 14 G03. (1.) c.46.

40 G 3. (L) c, 37, recited.

li.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec in the Pari Hi of Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to Homefield Lane End in the fame Parifh, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of fuch Road. (b.)	[16th June 1817.]

[_Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. lii.

An ACt for more effectually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee, fouthward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Bridges over the River North EJk, and for making and repairing other Roads in the, faid County, (b)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. liib

Aw ACt for fettling the Right of Patronage or Prefentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanjled Chapel, in the Parifh of Stoughton in the County of Sujfex.	[20th June 1817.]

Cap. liv„

An ACt for making and maintaining aTurnpike Road from the Town of Crovuland, in the County of Lincoln^ to the Town of Eyey in the County of Northampton. (a)	[20th June 1817.]]

Cap. lv.

An ACt to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two ACts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road" from Wrotbam Heath to Foots Cray, and from Wroth am Heath to Maidjloney in the County of Kent; and the Road from the faid Road into the Turnpike Road from Mere*worth to Hadlo<w in the faid County, (c)	[20th June 1817.}

£.Additional Trujlees.']

Cap. lvi.

An ACt for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

[27th June 1817.3

Cap. Ivii.

An ACt for giving further Powers to the Prefident and Afiiftants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfajl, in the County of Antrim, to fupply the faid Town with Water, and to improve their Eftates.	[27th	June 1817.]

Cap. lviii.

An ACt for building a Bridge acrofs the River Irwell, from Water Street in the Town (hip of Salford, to Saint Mary’s Gate in the Townfhip of Manchejler, all in the County of Lancajler; and for making proper Avenues thereto;	[27th	June 1817.]

Cap.

Hosted by Google

C. lix, lx.

695

Cap. lix.

An A& for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Rolton, in the CouDty of Lancajler.	[27th June	1817.]

Cap. lx.

An A& for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and inereafing the Payments to be made by Brokers.	[27th	June	1817.]

4 WJ HEREAS by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twentieth 4 VV Day of June, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His ‘ Majefty King Edward the Fourth, in Confideration of the Sum of 4 Seven thoufand Pounds, Part of the Monies then owing by His 4 faid Majefty to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the 4 City of London, His faid Majefty did grant to the faid Mayor and 4 Commonalty and Citizens, and their SuccefTors, (among other 4 things therein mentioned,) the Office of Gauger within the City of 4 London : And Whereas the faid Grant was afterwards confirmed * by certain other Letters Patent, refpe&ively bearing Date the 4 Eighteenth Day of Ottober, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of 4 King Charles the Fir ft, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in the 4 Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And 4 Whereas until the Completion of the Docks authorized to be made 4 by certain A£ts of Parliament made and palled in the Thirty ninth 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and the Thirty ninth 4 and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, 4 which are refpedlively called the Wejl India Docks, and the London 4 Docks, the Gaugeable Liquors imported into London were accuf-4 tomed to be landed within the faid City, and the Gauger appointed 4 as the Deputy of the Lord Mayor of the faid City was accuftomed 4 to gauge fuch Liquors by virtue of the Grant contained in the 4 aforefaid Letters Patent, and the faid Mayor and Commonalty and 4 Citizens received Profits and Revenues to a confiderable Amount 4 in refpedf thereof: And Whereas, upon the Alienation of the 4 Office of Deputy Gauger by Anthony Harrifon Efquire, (who 4 fucceeded his Father therein, and had held the Situation Twenty 4 three Years and upwards,) in Favour of his Brother Nicholas Bacom 4 Harrifon Efquire, the faid Nicholas Bacon Harrifon, on the 4 Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fix, was-4 duly appointed to the faid Office of Deputy Gauger, under the 6 yearly Rent of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds: And Whereas 4 previous to the Appointment of the faid Nicholas Bacon Harrifonr 4 the faid Office of Gauger had been exercifed for upwards of a 4 Century all over the Port, of London, and it was confidered that he 4 would have the Right of gauging in the faid Docks ; and in con-4 fequence of the London Dock Company having difputed that Right,

4 the Queftion was tried in His Majefty>s Court of King's Bench,

4 in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven, when fuch 4 Right was confirmed by the Verdift of the Jury ; but upon a new 4 Trial at Bar in the faid Court of King's Bench, in the Year One 4 thoufand eight hundred and nine, granted upon the Application of 4 the faid Dock Company, it was determined that the Right of 4 guaging did not extend to the Scites of the faid Docks c And

Y y 4?	4	Whereas

3a G. 3. C. 71. recited.

Letters Patent dated 2Cth June, 18 Ed. 4. granting the Office of Gauger in London, confirmed by Letters Pa* tent, 1 8th 0<5L 14 Car. 1. and 24th J une,.

16 Car. 2.

39 G. 3. c. lx in 39 sc 40 a 3. c. xlvii.

69 6

C. lx.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

1 Whereas the faid Ads of Parliament require the greater Part of 6 the Liquors imported into London to be landed in the faid Docks,

4 and in confequence thereof the faid Deputy Gauger, and the faid 4 Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, have fuftained confiderable * Lofs From the Diminution of the Profits of the faid Office of < Gauger within the faid City of London : And Whereas the faid 4 Nicholas Bacon Harrifon departed this Life on the Twenty third 4 Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen-, and 4 Letters of Adminiftration with his Will annexed have been granted 4 to Charles Church out of the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop 4 of Canterbury : And Whereas it is juft and expedient that fome c Compenfation fhould be made to the faid Adminiftrator of the c faid Nicholas Bacon Harrifon, and to the faid Mayor and Com-4 monalty and Citizens for the Diminution of the Profits of the faid 6 Ann. c. i6.	4 Office : And Whereas by an A61 made and paffed in the Sixth Year

4 of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 for 4 repealing the Aft of the Firjl Tear of King James the Firjl, intituled 4 4 An Aft for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equi-4 valent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers f after reciting 4 that the Office of Garbler was Part of the Revenues of the City 4 of London, and was then let by Leafe to William Stewart, under 4 the Rent of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, the Profits of 4 which Office and the Right of the faid William Stewart to the 4 fame, by repealing the faid A61, would be very much diminiftied 4 it was ena6ted, that from and after the Determination of the then 4 Seffion of Parliament, all Perfons that {hould a£t as Brokers. 4 within the City of London and Liberties thereof, fhould from time 4 to time be admitted fo to do by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen 4 of the faid City for the time being, under fuch Reftri6tions and 4 Limitations for their honeft and good Behaviour as that Court 4 fhould think fit and reafonable, and fhould upon fuch their Admiffion 4 pay to the Chamberlain of the faid City for the time being, for 4 the Ufes therein and hereinafter mentioned, the Sum of Forty 4 Shillings ; and fhould alfo yearly pay to the faid Ufes the Sum [of 4 Forty Shillings upon the Twenty ninth Day of September in every 4 Year ; all which Monies fhould in the firft Place be applied for 4 and towards the paying and fatisfying to the faid William Stewart 4 the Sum of Nine hundred and fixty feven Pounds Ten Shillings, 4 for a Compenfation for his Intereft in the faid Office; and that 4 from and after the full Payment of the faid Sum of Nine hundred 4 and fixty feven Pounds Ten Shillings to the faid William Stewart, 4 all the Monies arifing by fuch Admiffions and yearly Payments 4 fhould go to and be enjoyed by the faid Mayor and Commonalty 4 and Citizens of the City of London; and it was further enafted, 4 that if any Perfon or Perfons, from and after the Determination of 4 tlie faid then prefent Seffions of Parliament, fhould take upon'him 4 to a6t as a Broker, or employ any other under him to a St as fuch 4 Within the faid City and Liberties, not being admitted as aforefaid, 4 every fuch Perfon fo offending fhould forfeit and pay to the Ufe 4 of the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the faid City, 4 for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to be 4 recovered in manner therein mentioned : And Whereas a Compen-4 fation may be made to the faid Adminiftrator of the faid Nicholas 4 Bacon Harrifon, and to the faid Mayor and Commonalty and

4 Citizens,

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

C.lx.

697

c Citizens, for the Lofs fuflained by them refpedlively in confequence ‘ of the Diminution of the Profits of the faid Office of Gauger, by

*	increafing the Sums of Money to be paid by Perfons hereafter to 1 be admitted to adl as Brokers within the faid City of London and « Liberties thereof as aforefaid ; and it is expedient that the Penalty

*	impofed upon Perfons who (hall adl as Brokers, not being duly

*	admitted as aforefaid, fhould be increafed May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by The King's Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the* Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Perfons that from and after the Firfl Day of July next after the paffing of this Adi fhall be admitted to adl as Brokers within the City of London and Liberties thereof by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the faid City for the Time being, in purfuance of the faid recited Adi of Parliament, fhall upon fuch their Admiffion, over and above the Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the faid recited Adi, pay to the Chamberlain of the faid City for the time being the Sum of Three Pounds, and fhall alfo yearly pay to the faid Chamberlain, over and above the yearly Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the faid recited Adi, the Sum of Three Pounds, on the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year; all which Monies fhall go to and be enjoyed by the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, fubjedl to the Payment of fuch Compenfation to the Adminiflrator of the faid Nicholas Bacon Harrifon, for the Lofs fullained by him in the Diminution of the Profits of his faid Office as aforefaid, either in a grofs Sum of Money, or by annual Sums for any Number of Years, as fhall be agreed upon between the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the faid Adminiflrator of the faid Nicholas Bacon Harrifon.

II.	And be it further enadled, That fo much of the faid recited Adi as impofes a Penalty of Twenty five Pounds upon any Perfon who fhall take upon him to adl as a Broker, or employ any Perfon under him to adl as fuch, not being admitted in purfuance of the faid recited Adl, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the paffing of this Adl, if any Perfon fhall take upon him to adt as a Broker, or employ, or caufe, permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons to be employed with, under or for him to adl as fuch within the faid City and Liberties, not being admitted in purfuance of the faid recited Adl, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay to the Ufe of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the faid City, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Adlion of Debt, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the faid City, in any of His Majefly's Courts of Record, in which no Protedlion, Effoign or Wager of Law fhall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance.

III.	And be it further enadled, That this Adl fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adl, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Brokers admitted after July i, to pay the additional Sums herein mentioned.

6 Ann. c. 16. § S' repealed.

Brokers aft inn without Admiffion.

Pf fb L/V\ O *

Penalty.

Public Aft.

Cap,

Hosted by Google

C\ lxi, lxii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

69 S

Cap, lxi.

An ACt to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, ill the City of Wejlminjler, Engraver to the Queen's Moft Excellent Majefty, to difpofe of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with feveral Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Leafe of the Premifes called The Britijh Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.	[27th June 1817.]

Cap, lxii.

An A£t to amend Two ACts for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks in the Parifh of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey,	[7th July 1817.]

50	G. 3. c.ccvii. 4 '\T7HEREAS an ACt was paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the

c VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for main-c taining and improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The Com-c mercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and c Warehoufes to communicate therewith, all in the Parifh of Saint 4 Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey : And Whereas by the 4 faid ACt the feveral Perfons therein named, with other Perfons 4 therein defcribed, were created a Joint Stock Company, by the

*	Name of 4 The Commercial Dock Company,' for the Purpofe of

*	maintaining and improving a certain Dock formerly called Green-4 land Dock, and other Docks and Premifes adjoining thereto, 4 and making other Docks, Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and e other Works, neceffary for the Accommodation of Veffels laden 4 with Timber and other Articles in the faid ACt mentioned : And

*	Whereas by the faid ACt the faid Company were authorized to 4 raife and contribute among themfelves for the Purpofes fet forth 4 in the faid ACt, in addition to the Shares then already created or 4 Sums then already fubfcribed for, a further Sum not exceeding the 4 Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds ; which additional 4 Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds, together with the 4 Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds then already fub-4 fcribed for, it was thereby enaCted fhould form One Joint Capital 4 Stock of the faid Company : And Whereas the whole of the 4 original Subfcriptions of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds,

4 and alfo the whole of the further Sum of One hundred and thirty 4 thoufand Pounds authorized to be raifed by the faid ACt, have been 4 raifed and expended towards the Purpofes of the faid ACt, in the 4 Purchafe of the faid Docks and other Premifes, and in making

*	other Docks and Timber Ponds for the Reception and Difcharge 4 of Timber Ships, and the Admifiion and Storing of Timber, Deal, c and other Wood Goods, and in making Warehoufes and other 4 Works, and rendering the Premifes lit and proper for the ware-4 houfing and bonding of Timber and other Wood Goods, and 4 affording Security to His Majefty*s Revenue : And Whereas

51	G.3. c. Ixvi. 4 another ACt was paffed in the Fifty-firft Year of the Reign of His

4 prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to amend and render more effedual 4 an AEl of His prefent Majejly, for maintaining and improving the 4 Docks and Warehoufes called The. Commercial Docks, in the Parifh 4 of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, andfor extending 4 the Powers of the faid Aft : And Whereas by the faid laft recited

11	4	ACt

A*D. 1817«

57° GEO, III.

C. Ixii.

699

4 A£l the faid Company were authorized to raife and contribute 4 among themfelves, for the Purpofe of improving, completing and 4 maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aquedudls, Entrances, Ways,

4 Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehoufes and Works 4 then already made or to be made in purfuance or by authority of 4 the faid Afts, the further Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand 4 Pounds, by the Creation of Two thoufand fix hundred additional 4 Shares of Fifty Pounds each ; and which additional Sum of One 4 hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds allowed to be railed under the 4 faid laft recited A£t, upon Two thoufand fix hundred Shares, and * the Shares then already fubfcribed for, making in the whole Three 4 hundred and ninety thoufand Pounds, it was thereby enacted,

4 fhould make One Joint Capital Stock of the faid Company : And 4 Whereas the faid Company have railed the Sum of Forty thoufand 4 Pounds, Part of the faid Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand 4 Pounds authorized to be raifed as aforefaid, by the Creation of 4 Eight hundred new Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and have expended 4 the Monies fo raifed for the Purpofes of the faid A£ls, and in e rendering their Docks, Ponds, Works, and Premifes more com-4 modious and ufeful for the Trade of the Port of London, and 4 affording Security to His Majefty’s Revenue in the warehoufing and 4 bonding of Timber, Deals and other Wood Goods ; and the 4 Company have alfo proceeded to raife a further Sum of Money by 4 the Creation of Two hundred and feventy-five new Shares of Fifty 4 Pounds each, on which they have made Calls amounting to Fifty 4 Pounds per Cent. thereon, and are proceeding to get in the whole 4 of the faid laft mentioned Calls under the Provifions of the faid 4 laft recited A£l: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to enable 4 the faid Company to raife the Remainder of the Money fo authorized 4 to be raifed as aforefaid, and more effe&ually to carry the Purpofes 4 of the faid A£ts into Execution, that the Powers and Provifions of 4 the faid recited Adis fhould be amended and enlarged May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That (in cafe the Majority of the Proprietors of the faid Docks entitled to vote, and refpedlively prefent at any Two Meetings to be fpecially called for the Purpofe, by Notice to be inferted in the London Gazette, and alfo in Three of the Daily Newfpapers printed or publilhed in London, Fourteen Days at the leaft previous to the Firft of fuch Meetings, and the Second of fuch Meetings to be held Ten Days at leaft after the Firft of fuch Meetings, lhall deem it expedient and determine to borrow at Intereft, or raife by granting Annuities, the Sum of Seventy fix thoufand two hundred and fifty Pounds, being fo much of the faid Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds authorized to be raifed by the faid recited A61 of the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty as the faid Company have not already raifed or proceeded to raife by the Creation of additional Shares in the manner thereby prefcribed, or in cafe they fhall deem it expedient and determine to raife Part only of the faid Sum of Seventy fix thoufand two hundred and fifty Pounds by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to borrow at Intereft or raife as aforefaid the Remainder thereof,) it lhall be

lawful

Company empowered to borrow at Intereft 76,2501.

Hosted by Google

700

C. Ixii.

.57° GEO. IIL

A.D.1817.

and fecure by Mortgage.

Form of Mortgage.

lawful for the faid Company to borrow and raife the faid Sum of Seventy fix thoufand two hundred and- fifty Pounds, or any Sum or Sums of Money, Part or Parts of the laid Sum of Seventy fix thoufand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and which may not be hereafter fubfcribed for in the manner prefcribed by the faid recited A61 of the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeily, either by way of Mortgage of the Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premifes, and Real Eftates of the faid Company, or any Part thereof, together with or feparately from the Rates and Charges which the faid Company are by the faid recited A£ts or otherwife authorized or allowed to demand and take, or by Mortgage of fuch Rates and Charges feparately from the faid Eftates, or by granting Annuities charged upon and to be payable out of the faid Lands, Tenements, Docks, Hereditaments and Premifes, and Real Eftates, or any Part thereof, together with or feparately from the faid Rates and Charges, or to be charged upon and payable out of the faid Rates and Charges only during the natural Life of the Pur-chafer or Purchafers of fuch Annuity or Annuities refpefhively, or during the Life or Lives of any Perfon or Perfons to be nominated by and on the behalf of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, which Annuity or Annuities fhall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Survivor (hip, and in fuch manner as the faid Company fhall think proper, fubjeft to the Provifions of this A61.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Mortgage fo to be given as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed as aforefaid fhall be in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effedt; videlicet,

:by virtue of an A6t palled in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Third, intituled An Aft [here infert the ‘ Title of this Ad~\, we, the ‘ Commercial Dock Comp'any,’ in con-

*	fideration of the Sum of	to

i us paid by	do	mortgage	unto the

‘ faid	his, her or their Executors,

£ Adminiftrators and Alligns, [or SuccelTors and Affigns, as the cafe ‘ may be,~] all and fingular the Lands, Tenements, Docks, Heredi-£ taments and Premifes of and belonging to the faid Company, £ fituate and being in the Parilh of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the

<	County of Surrey, and alfo all and fingular the Rates and Charges £ arifing by virtue of Two A6ts, one palled in the Fiftieth Year of £ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Aft for main-‘ taining and improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The £ Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks £ and Warehoufes to communicate therewith, all in the Parijh of Saint c Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey ; and the other palled

<	in the Fifty firll Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

‘ intituled An Ad to amend and render more effectual an Ad of His c prefent MajeJiy,for maintaining and improving the Docks and Ware-c houfes called The Commercial Docks, in the Parijh of Saint Mary

*	P.otherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending the Powers i of the faid Ad, [in cafe the Mortgage is not intended to comprife both 6 the Real EJlate and Rates and Charges, or only a Part of the Real ( EJlate, deferibe what is intended to be charged] and all the Ellate,

*	Right, Title and Intereft of the faid Company in and to the fame,

6 to hold unto the faid	his,

* her

Hosted by Google

701

A.D.1817.	57° GEO. III.	C.lxii.

*	her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, [of Succeflors ‘ or Afligns,] until the faid Sum of

*	together	with Intereft for the fame after the Rate of

*	per Centum per Annum, fhall be

‘ repaid. Dated the	Day of

And every fuch Mortgage, being executed by Three of the Directors of the faid Company for the time being, fhall be binding on the faid Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages fhall be made, fhall be entitled to the full Benefit of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages refpeflively, with Preference according to the Order and Courfe of Priority of their refpedlive Securities.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That it fhall be lawful to infert in any Mortgages to be made as aforefaid, if the Majority of the faid Company, or the Proprietors prefent and entitled to vote at any Two fuch Meetings as aforefaid, fhall think fit, an Agreement by which a Right fhall be given to the refpe&ive Perfons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who fhall advance and lend the faid Money, or any Part thereof, to the Perfons who for the time being fhall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their feveral and repective Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have fuch a Share of the Capital Stock of the faid Company in lieu thereof, at fuch time or times, and upon and under fuch Terms, Provifions and Conditions in all Refpefts, (and with or without fuch Powers to the Dire£tors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, with the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who fhall fo advance or lend Money on fuch Securities as aforefaid, or of their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, to vary or alter fuch Terms, Provifions and Conditions,) as fhall be determined upon by the Majority of fuch Proprietors prefent at fuch Two Meetings as aforefaid ; and the Infertion of any fuch Agreement in any fuch Mortgages or Securities as aforefaid, figned by any Three or more of the Dire&ors of the faid Company for the time being, fhall be conclufive Evidence for the Benefit and Security of the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who fhall advance Money upon fuch Securities, and his, her and their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, that fuch Agreement was inferred with fuch Confent as is above required, and fhall be binding and conclulive on the faid Company.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That any Grant of any fuch Annuity as aforefaid fhall be made in the Words following, or in Words to the like Effect ; (that is to fay),

IBY virtue of an A& pafled in the Fifty feventh Year of the c Reign of King George the Third, intituled An AB [here infert ( the TAie of this Att~\ We, The Commercial Dock Company, in

<	confideration of the Sum of	to	us	paid

c by	do grant unto the faid

c	his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators

<	and Afligns, [or Succeflors and Afligns, as the cafe may bef\ an

*	Annuity of	to	be	charged upon,

6 and to be paid to the faid	his, her or their

( Executors,

Provifo may be inlerted in Mortgages to receive the Money or a Share in the Joint Stock.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

Hosted by Google

702

C. lxii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.IS17.

How to be executed.

Mortgages and Annuities to have Preference according to thofr Priorities.

Regulations as to granting Annuities,

c Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, [or Succeflors or Affigns]

4 [/« cafe it is not intended to comprife all the Lands, &c. then defcribe c only the Parcels intended to be comprifed, and if the Rates and 4 Charges are not intended to be comprifed, then omit the Defcription]

4 out of the Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes, and 4 Real Eftates of and belonging to the faid Company, and on and 4 out of the Rates and Charges arifing by virtue of Two Adis, One

*	paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

6 intituled An Aft for maintaining and improving the Docks and

*	Warehoufes called The Commercial Docks, and for making and 4 maintaining other Docks and Warehoufes to communicate therewith,

4 all in the PariJJo of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of 4 Surrey ; and the other palled in the Fifty fir ft Year of the Reign 6 of King George the Third, intituled An Aft to amend and render 4 more ejfeftual an Aft of His prefent Majejly, for maintaining and 4 improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The Commercial 4 Docks, in the Pariflo of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County 4 of Surrey, and for extending the Powers of the faid Aft, an 4 Annuity of	to be payable to the faid

6	his,	her or their Executors, Adminiftrators

4 or Affigns, \_or Succeflors or Affigns, as the cafe may be,] during 4 the Life of	or	the Lives of

4	\_if	more	than One] and the Life of the Survivor

4 of them ['as the cafe may be], and a proportionable Part of the 4 faid Annuity to be paid up to the Day of the Deceafe of 4	or	to	the	Day of the Deceafe of the

4 Survivor of	[as the cafe may be~\,

6 Dated the	Day	of	One

* thoufand eight hundred and

And every fuch Grant of Annuity, being executed by Three of the Dire&ors of the faid Company for the time being, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors of the faid Company for the time being, being One of fuch Three Directors, fhall be binding on the faid Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; and the Purchafers of fuch Annuities refpe£tively (hall be entitled thereto, and to the full Benefit thereof refpe&ively, with Preference according to the Order and Courfe of Priority of their refpe&ive Securities for fuch Annuities refpe&ively; And in cafe the Money authorized to be raifed as aforefaid fhall be raifed partly by Mortgage and partly by Annuity, in fuch cafe the Mortgagees and Annuitants refpe&ively fhall be entitled to the full Benefit of their refpedtive Securities and Afliirances, with Preference according to the Order and Courfe of Priority of the Mortgages and Annuities refpedtively.

V. And for preventing any improvident Grants of Annuities under this A&, be it further ena£ted, That no Annuities fhall be granted by virtue of this A£t for any fingle Life, at any higher Rate than the following ; (that is to fay,) when the Age of the Annuitant, or Perfon for whofe Life the Annuity fhall be granted, fhall not exceed Thirty five Years, the Annuity to be granted fhall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money paid for the Purchafe thereof; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted fhall not exceed the Rate

of

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817.

57° GEO. III.

c.kii.

703

of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Forty five Years, the Annuity {hall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity fhall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Fifty five Years, the Annuity fhall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity fhall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Sixty five Years, the Annuity fhall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money ; when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity fhall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money; and when the Age of fuch Perfon fhall not exceed Seventy five Years, the Annuity fhall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Confideration Money.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That a Tranfcript or Copy of every fuch Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, fhall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the faid Company ; which Book or Books may be perufed at all feafonable times by any of the Proprietors of the faid Undertaking or other Perfons interefled, without Fee or Reward.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any fuch Mortgage or Grant of Annuity fhall be made as aforefaid, may from time to time perfonally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, aflign and transfer fuch Mortgage or Grant of Annuity to any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and fo toties quoties ; and that the Alignment and Transfer fhall and may be made by Indorfement on fuch Mortgage or Grant, and in the Words or to the Effect following ; (that is to fay,)

‘ 1	in Confideration of the Sum of

c A paid by	do	hereby	aflign and transfer the within

* Security, and all my Right, Title and Intereft in and to the fame,

‘ and all Benefit and Advantage to arife therefrom, unto the faid ‘	his, [her or their] Succeffors, Executors, Ad-

‘ miniftrators and Afiigns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal, this c Day of

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Transfer fhall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the Clerk of the faid Company, who fhall within Ten Days then next caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in like manner as of the original Securities ; and after fuch Entry made, but not till then, every Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Alignment or Transfer ill all be made, fhall be entitled to the Benefit of fuch Mortgage or

Grant,

Entries of Mortgages and Grants of Annuities to be made in the Company’s Books,

Mortgages and Annuities trans-ferrable by Indorfement.

Entries of Transfers to be made in the Company’s Books,

Hosted by Google

5-7° GEO. III.

Intereft and Annuities to he paid Half Yearly.

Notice to be

given of paying off Mortgages.

In cafe any of the Sums advanced fhall be paid off, the Company may again borrow the Money.

<TI G. 3. c.lxvi. §

A.D. 1817.

Grant, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arifing therefrom ; and for the Entry of every original Mortgage or Grant, and of every fuch Alignment and Transfer, the faid Clerk fhall be paid, by the Party to whom fuch Mortgage or Grant or Transfer {hall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and"no more.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Intereft of the Money which fliall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforefaid, and the feveral Annuities fo to be granted as aforefaid, fhall be paid Half Yearly to the feveral Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Dividend or Diftribution among the Members of the faid Company, and fhall be duly provided for and fet apart before fuch Dividend or Diftribution fhall be made or declared.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money fo lent and advanced on Mortgage Jhall be paid off and difcharged (fave and except with the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money) unlefs Six1 Calendar Months previous Notice in the London Gazette fhall have been given by the faid Company of their Intention to pay off and dif-charge the fame ; and that at the Expiration of the faid Six Calendar Months, all Intereft fhall ceafe to be paid on the Principal Sums relative to which fuch Notice fhall have been given, unlefs the faid Principal Sums fhall not have been paid off by Default of the faid Company.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe all or any of the Sums of Money which fhall or may be advanced on Loan to the faid Company on fuch Mortgages as aforefaid, fhall at any time afterwards be paid off and difcharged by the faid Company, that then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Company, with fuch Confent of Two Courts of Proprietors, to be fpecially called for fuch Purpofe as hereinbefore mentioned, again to borrow or raife on Mortgage, as is hereinbefore mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole, with the Amount of the Monies then out-ftanding and unpaid on fuch Mortgages as aforefaid, and the Money which may have been railed by Grants of Annuities, the faid Sum of Seventy fix thoufand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and fo toties quotas.

1 XII. And Whereas the faid recited of the Fifty firft Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty contains a Provifion for regu-‘ lating the time when the Perfons who fhall fubfcribe for the faid new

*	Shares or any of them fhall be entitled to a rateable Share or Pro-< portion of the Profits of the faid Company, and alfo for regulating 6 the Payment of Intereft in the meantime: And Whereas Doubts 1 have been entertained as to the Meaning and Conftru&ion of fuch ‘ Provifions Be it therefore enabled, That fo much of the faid recited A£t of the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty as ena6ts, that the feveral Perfons who fhall fubfcribe for the Two thoufand fix hundred new Shares hereby authorized to be railed or created, or any of them, fhall not be entitled to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the faid Company until after the Expiration of One Year, to be computed from the Day on which the laid Two thoufand fix hundred new Shares fhall be created, and that in the meantime the feveral Perfons who fhall fubfcribe for new Shares as aforefaid fhall be entitled to receive, and the Company fhall pay to him or them refpe&ively, Intereft on the feveral Sums to be paid by

them

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.	57°	GEO. III.	C.	lxii.	705

them or him in refped of fuch new Shares, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the time or times on or at which fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be by them or him paid,

(hall, as to all or any Shares hereafter to be raifed or created, be and repealed as to the fame is hereby repealed.	future Shares.

XIII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Company Company em-fhall be defirous to raife, and {hall hereafter raife any Part of the powered to fix Money which they are authorized to raife as aforefaid, and which now remains unraifed, by the Creation of new Shares, that then and ent;tiexj to in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Two feveral General Courts profics. of Proprietors of the faid Company as in the faid laft recited Ad are mentioned, to determine‘and dired the time or times when or from which all or any fuch new Shares hereafter to be created as aforefaid fhall be entitled to a rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the faid Company, and to make all fuch Rules and Regulations refpeding the fame, and for Payment of Intereft in the meantime, as to them fhall feem expedient; and it fhall alfo be lav/* ful for fuch Two feveral General Courts of Proprietors of the faid Company to make, or to authorize the Directors of the faid Company for the time being to make, fuch Allowance or Allowances, Deduction or Deductions to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall fubfcribe for all or any of the new Shares as aforefaid, for or in refped of Payment of the Monies to be paid for fuch new Shares as aforefaid before the time or times when the Inftalments or Calls would become due and payable, to fuch Extent, or within fuch Limits, and with and under fuch Rules and Regulations, or without any fuch, as to the faid Courts of Proprietors fhall feem expedient.

* XIV. And Whereas by the faid recited Ad of the Fiftieth

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, the faid Company are 6 authorized to fell any Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which i they might purchafe under the Provifions of the faid Ad, and

*	which might not be necefTary to be made ufe of for the Purpofes ‘ of the faid Ad ; but Doubts may be entertained whether the faid

*	Company are by the faid Ad empowered to fell any of the Lands,

*	Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to or purchafed by or for

*	the Ufe of the faid Company previoufly to the pafling of the faid

*	Ad, or purchafed under the Provifions of the faid Ad of the Fifty 6 firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and which may not

*	be necefTary for the Purpofes aforefaid;* Be it therefore further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to fell and dif- compaiiy pofe of any Part or Parts not wanted for the Purpofes of the faid fell Lands not recited Ads or of this Ad, not only of fuch Lands, Buildings or wanted for the Hereditaments as have been purchafed in purfuance of the faid , re- Purpoles of the cited Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, A®'

but alfo of any Lands which at the time of the pafling of the faid Ad belonged to or had been purchafed by or for the Ufe of the faid Company, or which have been purchafed in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid Ad of the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty; and all and every the Powers, Claufea and Provifions contained in the faid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the faid Company to fell Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments not wanted for the Purpofes of the faid Ad, and relative to fuch Sale, fhall, fo far as the cafe will apply, extend to fuch Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments 57 Geo. III.	Z	z	as

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

When Pieces of Land are to be fold, the firft Offer to be made to the original Proprietors.

f	Sic

Diffetence re-Ipefling Price to he fettled by a J ury.

Purchafer not anfwerable for Application of Purchafe Money.

How Deed lliall be executed.

as belonged to or had been purchafed by or for the Ufe of the faid Company previous to of at the Time of the palling of the faid Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and which have been purchafed in purfance of the Provifions of the faid Aft of the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty : Provided always, that the faid Company before they fhall fell and difpofe of any of the Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments which have been purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or either of them, and not wanted for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts or of this Aft as aforefaid, ftiall firft offer the fame for Sale to the Perfon or Perfons of whom the fame (hall have been purchafed ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall then and thereupon refufe, or fhall not agree (except with refpeft to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchafe the fame, an Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Surrey (who are hereby refpeftively empowered to take fuch Affidavit), by fome Perfon or Perfons no way interefted in the faid Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, ftating that fuch Offer was made by or on the behalf of the faid Company, and that fuch Offer was then and thereupon refufed, or was not agreed to by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was made, fhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made, and was refufed, or not agreed to by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the cafe may be) ; and in fuchf cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be defirous of purchafing fuch Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments, and he, fhe or they, and the faid Company fhall differ or not agree with refpeft to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof fhall be afcertained by a Jury, in manner in the faid recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty direfted with refpeft to difputed Value of Premifes to be taken and purchafed in purfuance of the faid Aft ; and the Money to arife by Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments fhall be applied by the faid Company to the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft ; but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Mifapplication or Nonapplication of fuch Money ; provided neverthelefs, that as to fuch of the Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments which belonged to or were the Property of the faid Company before or at the time of the paffing of the faid Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or fuch as have not been purchafed by the faid Company under the Provifions of the faid recited Afts or either of them, it fhall not be neceffary or requifite for the faid Company to offer the fame Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments to Sale to the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively of or from whom they have or fhall or may have purchafed the fame refpeftively.

XV. And be it further enafted, That whenever any Ordinary or Extraordinary General Court or Meeting of the faid Company, or of the Proprietors thereof, fhall have refolved to fell any Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to the faid Company, it fhall be lawful for any Three of the Direftors of the faid Company for the time being (the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Direftors for the time being being One of fuch Three Direftors)

to

Hosted by Google

r-

707

Such Execution conclufive Evidence of Lands not being wanted,

Regulations refped'ting Memorials of Transfers, &c.

To aicertainthe Tonnage or Ad-meafurement of Ships coming into the Docks.

Regifter ; and the Matter or other Perfon having the Command of any fuch Ship or Veffel is hereby required to produce fuch Certificate of Regiftry at the Time of Payment of the faid Rates and Charges, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be authorized to collet and receive the fame by the Directors of the faid Company or a Quorum of them ; and in cafe of any Difpute in refpeCt of the Tonnage of any Ship or Veffel not required to be regiftered, or of any Foreign Ship or Veffel, then the Tonnage of any fuch Ship or Veffel fhall be afcertained in the manner and according to the Directions of an ACt paffed in the Twenty fixth Year of His prelent 26 G. 3. c.6o. Majefty, intituled An AS for the Encouragement of Shipping and §14-Navigation.

XVIIL And be it further enaCted, That for more eafily col- Colle£lors,&c. to ie&ing the faid Rates and Charges, the Collector and Collectors h2Ve Accel's to thereof, and fuch other Perfon and Perfons as the faid Directors	tbe

fhall from time to time duly appoint in this behalf, fhall at proper	j^oufe.

and feafonable times have at the Cuftom Houfe free Accefs to and InfpeCtion of the refpeCtive Regifters and Papers of all and every Ship and Ships reforting to the Port of London, on or after their Entry or Clearance at the Cuftom Houfe, without any Fee or Reward for fuch Accefs and InfpeCtion.

XIX. And be it further enaCted, That if the ColleCtor or Col- Power to mea-leCtors of any of the faid Rates and Charges, or fuch other Perfon lure>&c- shiPs

Zz2	or	aDdVeffels

A.D. 1817*	57°	GEO.	III.	C.	hdi.

to execute fuch Deeds and Affurances as fhall be requifite to effeCt fuch Sales ; and the Execution by fuch Three Directors as afore-faid of fuch Deeds and Affurances fhall be full and conclufive Evidence to and for the Purchafer or Purchafers, that the Hereditaments fold to him or them are not wanted for the Purpofes of the faid recited ACts or either of them, and of the Confent of the faid Company, or of fuch Ordinary or Extraordinary Court or Meeting of the faid Company, or of the Proprietors, to fuch Sale or Sales ; and fuch Deeds and Affurances fo executed as aforefaid fhall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as fully as if the faid Directors were abfolute Owners of the Hereditaments intended to be conveyed.

XVI.	And for better regulating the Entry of any Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares in the faid Stock of the faid Company, be it further enaCted, That no Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the faid Company (hall be made and entered, until the Clerk of the faid Company fhall have endorfed on the Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer to the Seller, as by the faid laft recited ACt are direCted to be produced to the Clerk of the faid Company for the time being as therein mentioned, a Memorandum or Declaration, figned by fuch Clerk, of the Transfer and Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the faid Company.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That the Tonnage or Admeasurement of all Ships and Veffels required to be regiftered by any ACt or ACts of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of either of fuch Kingdoms, and trading or coming to or departing from the Port of London, and liable to the Payment of any of the Rates and Charges of or for Tonnage allowed to be taken under the faid recited ACts, or either of them, fhall be afcertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s

Hosted by Google

708

C. lxii.

57° GEO. lit

A.D.1817*

Coils of meafuv-ing, &c.

where Tonnage 0r Perfons as the faid Dire&ors fhall duly nominate and appoint in cannot be agreed that behalf and the Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge or uPon*	Command	of any fuch Foreign Ship or VelTel, cannot agree about

and afcertain the Tonnage of fuch Ship or VelTel, then and in every fuch cafe it lhali be lawful for the faid Colle&or or Colle&ors, or Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, from time to time, and at all convenient and reafonable times, to Hop, detain, enter into* weigh, meafure and gauge the fame ; and in cafe the fame (hall upon fuch weighing, meafuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than lhali be then fet forth and contained in the Account which lhali have been given thereof, then the Mailer or Perfon giving in fuch Account fhall pay the Colls and Charges of fuch weighing* meafuring or gauging ; all which faid Colls and Charges, upon Refufal of Payment thereof on Demand, lhali and may be recovered and levied by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch manner, as the *aid Rates and Charges are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if any fuch Ship or Velfel lhali be found to be of the fame or of lefs Tonnage than the fame lhali by fuch Account appear to be of, then the faid Colledlor or Colleftors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpedtively, fhall pay the Colls and Charges of fuch weighing, meafuring or gauging, and lhali alfo pay fuch further Damages as lhali appear to any One or more Jullice or Jullices of the Peace adling in and for the County of Surrey, on Oath of any credible Witnefs, to have arifen from fuch Detention ; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Colle&or or Colledlors, it lhali be lawful for any fuch Jullice or Jullices to iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants, authorizing any Perfon or Perfons to levy the Amount of fuch Colls, Charges and Damages, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Colle&or or Collectors, or of the faid Company ; and if any Surplus Money lhali remain after Payment of fuch Colls, Charges and Damages, and the reafonable Colls and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (to be afcertained, in cafe of Difpute, by any fuch Jullice or Jullices,) fuch Surplus Money lhali be returned on Demand to the Party or Parties on whom fuch Diftrefs lhali be fo made ; and if any Mailer, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or VelTel, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fhall obftruCl or hinder any Perfon or Perfons fo employed from weighing, meafuring or gauging any Ship or VelTel in purfuance of this ACl, every fuch Mailer, Commander or other Perfon lhali for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above the faid Rates and Charges.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for further preventing the Hazard and Danger of Fire within the faid Docks, and on board Ships and other Veffels therein, no Perfon whofoever lhali from and after the palling of this A£l, at any time after the Hour of Four in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fixth Day of March in every Year, or after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, fmoke any Tobacco, or other Material ufed for fmoaking, either within the faid Docks, or on board any Ship or velfel in or within the faid Docks, upon pain of forfeiting

for

ObftrnCting fuch Meal'urement,

& c.

Penalty.

Further Provision to prevent Accidents by Fire.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO, III.

Cllxii,

709

for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty not exceeding that Amount may be recovered and applied under the faid recited Ads or either of them.

XXL And be it further enaded, That in all cafes under any Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankrupt awarded or to be awarded again# any Perfon or Perfons who is or are or {hall be indebted to the faid Company, or again#: whom the faid Company {hall or may have any Claims or Demands, it {hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons in the Employ of the faid Company, who {hall from time to time be in that behalf nominated and appointed by Writing under the Hand of the Treafurer of the faid Company for the time being to appear, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to appear and ad on behalf of the faid Company in refped of any fuch Debt, Claim or Demand, before the Commiffioners under any Commiffion of Bankrupt, either perfonally, or by his or their Affidavit to be duly fworn and exhibited in the ufual manner, in order to prove and eftabliffi any fuch Debt, Claim or Demand under fuch Commiffion; and every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be nominated and appointed {hall in all fuch cafes be admitted and allowed to make Proof or tender a Claim under any fuch Commiffion of Bankruptcy, on behalf and for the Benefit of the faid Company, in refpedt of the Debt or Debts, or other Demands of the faid Company again#: fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in like manner as any other Perfon or Perfons, being a Creditor or Creditors of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts in his or their own Right, might or could do in refped'of his or their Debt or Debts; and any Perfon or Perfons to be nominated or appointed in manner aforefaid, /ball have full Power and Authority to appear on behalf of the faid Company at any Meeting of the Creditors of any fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to vote thereat in refped of any Debt or Debts which fhall be admitted and allowed to be proved on behalf of the faid Company under any fuch Commiffion of Bankrupt as aforefaid, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors of fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts could or might do in refped of the Debt or Debts by him or them proved under fuch Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankrupt.

* XXII. And Whereas by the faid A61 of the Fiftieth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Maje#:y it was enacted, that not lefs

*	than Five of the Diredors of the faid Company ffiould be a

*	Quorum capable of acting, and thereby empowered to-ad at the 4 ordinary Meetings of the faid Diredors : And Whereas it would

*	facilitate the Difpatch of Buiinefs if a lefs Number of Dir6fors 4 were required to conftitute a Quorum Be it therefore further ena6ted, That fo much of the faid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as con#:itutes not lefs than Five of the faid Diredors a Quorum capable of ading at the ordinary Meetings of the faid Diredors, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enaded, That from and. after the paffing of this Ad, Three of the faid Directors ffiall be a Quorum capable of ading, and are hereby empowered to ad at the ordinary Meetings of the faid Diredors.

Z.z-a	XXIV.	And

How Debts to ba proved in cafe of Bankruptcy of Debtors to the Company.

50 G. 3. f.ccviv §19.

repealed.

Three of the Directors to be a Quorum.

Hosted by Google

710

C.lxii. lxiii.

57° GEO. III.

A.D. 1817.

Powers of former Afts extended to this

Aft.

Regulating the Payment of Colts of afeer-taining Damages, &c.

Jury as by 50 G. 3. c. ccvii. § 43-

Ex pe nets of AS how to be paid.

Public Aft.

XXIV. And be it further enafted, That all Powers, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things contained in the faid recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (fo far as the fame are not by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty or by this Aft altered, varied or repealed,) and all the Powers, Proviftons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things contained in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (fo far as the fame are not hereby altered, varied or repealed,) fhall extend to this Aft, and the feveral matters and things herein contained, and (hall and may be exercifed, applied, ufed and put in force as effeftually for the Purpofes of this Aft as jf the fame were herein repeated and reenafted.

4 XXV. And Whereas it is expedient that Provifion fhould be 4 made for the Payment of reafonable Cofts, Charges and Expences 4 in cafes in which Claims may be made for any Damage which may 4 arife or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any 4 Perfon from the making the new Docks, Bafins, Ponds, Sluices,

4 Entrances and other Works authorized by the faid recited Afts 4 to be made Be it therefore enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, in cafe the faid Company, and any Perfon or Perfons to whofe Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments any Damage fhall arife or happen, cannot agree upon the Compenfation or Satisfaftion to be made for fuch Damage, and a Jury fhall be fummoned as direfted in the faid recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty to afeertain the Amount of fuch Damage, then and in fuch cafe, if the Sum awarded by the Jury fhall exceed the Sum which fhall previoufly have been offered or tendered by or on behalf of the faid Company, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be entitled to and have his, her or their reafonable Cofts and Charges to be paid by the faid Company ; and if the Sum awarded by the Jury fhall not exceed the Sum which fhall have been previoufly offered or tendered by or on behalf of the faid Company, then the faid Company fhall be entitled to and have reafonable Cofts and Charges to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Compenfation fhall be awarded, in the like manner as in cafes of Satisfaftion awarded by a Jury for the Purchafe of Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments under the Provi-fions of the faid recited Afts ; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Direftors fhall pay and difeharge all the Cofts and Charges of obtaining and palling this Aft with and out of any of the Monies already fub-feribed or hereafter to be fubferibed or borrowed by or for the Ufe of the faid Company, or with and out of the other Monies received or to be received by them or on account of the faid Company.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken-to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. lxiii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichcjler Harbour, and from thence to Langjlone

and

Hosted by Google

AJ). 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. lxiii—lxix.

7ii

and Portfmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunjlon Common, to or near the City of Chichejler; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langjlone, and Channels of Langjlone anti Thorney.	[7th July 1817O

Cap. Ixiv.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His pre-fent Majelly, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Becky and extending the fame to the Town of Great Driffield, in the County of York.	[7th July	1817.3

Cap. lxV.

An Aft for enlarging the Market Place and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton,\n the County of Somerfet, and for improving the faid Town ; and for amending an Aft of His prefent Majelly relative thereto.	[7th	July	1817.3

Cap. lxvi..

An Aft to amend and continue an Aft of the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majelly, for improving certain Roads in and through the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucejier, and feveral other Roads therein mentioned, (r)	[7	th	Juh	1817.3

\One half additional Toll on Sundays, computing from Twelve o'* Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve oy Clock on Sunday Night.—55 G. 3. c. 119. extended to this Aft* § 9.3

Cap. lxvii.

An Aft for continuing f and amending Two Afts of His prefent Majelly, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerfet. (a)	[7th	July	1817.3

[Additional Tolls—18 G. 3. c. 97. as to Surveyors getting Materials repealed. $23*3

f [No Term mentioned, vide § 1.41. of this Aft. —18 G. 3. c. 97. is before in Part repealed by 39 G. 3. c. xxxviii. and by 39 IA 40 G. 3. c. lxi.J

Cap. lxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majelly, for repairing the Road from Cambridge, to the Old North Road near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cam-bridge, (c)	[7th July	1817.3

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe.	New Tolls granted.3

Cap. lxix.

An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft of His prefent Majelly, for draining Lands in South Hollandy and for continuing J and amending another Aft of His prefent Majelly, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, from Spalding High Bridge to Brother Houfe, all in the County of Lincoln.	[10th July	1817.3

t [A7© Term mentioned, vide § 69. 94. of this Aft.~\

Z z 4*	Cap.

7 G. 3,0.97.

41 G. 3. c.cxxxiv.

9 G. 3. c- 44*

36 G. 3. 0.131.

18 G. 3. c.97.

39	3*-

c. xxxviii.

37 G. 3. c. 179. repealed as to Juftices fettling Difputes about Tolls, and the Charges of keeping Diftxeffes.

§ 11.

33 G. 3. c. 109. 35 G.3. c.166.

Hosted by Google

712

C. lxx — lxxvi.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817

II & 12 W. 3. c. 22.

MG.j. c.35. *3 G. 3. c. 32.

35 G.3. c.156.

36 G. 3. c. 148. repealed as to getting Materials, § 17,

Cap. lxx.

An A61 for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.

[10th	1817.]

Cap. lxxi.

An A6t for amending and rendering more effe&ual an A61 of His late Majefty King William the Third,Tor making the River Larky alias Burn, navigable.	[10th	July	1817.]

[Afew Commifftoners.— Power to take new Tolls in lieu of former

Tolls.-]

Cap. lxxii.

An A6f for rebuilding the Church and improving the Church Yard of the Parilh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Mid-dlefex.	[10th «/*//)>	1817.]

Ctfp. lxxiii.

An A6t for raifing Money, by Annuities or otherwife, for the Pur-pofe of ere6ting a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh of St. John of Wapping, in the County of Middlefex.

[10th July 1817.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An A£t for more effe&ually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny Diftridl, near Rhyd y Blew Houfey in the County of Monmouth, (a)	[10th	July	1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. One half Toll additional on Sunday sy computing from Twelve o’ Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve o' Clock on Sunday Night.]

Cap. lxxv.

An A61 to continue and amend an A6t palled in the Thirty-lixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for altering the Road from Macclesfield to Congletony in the County of Chejler. (r)

[ toth July 1817.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An A6f to empower the Commiflioners of the Royal Naval Afylum to make ufe of any Part of the Accumulation of the Intereft of the^Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the faid Commiflioners, for the Purpofes of the faid Afylum.	[nth	July	1817.]

*	W7 -^^REAS at a General Meeting of the Committee for ma*

‘ VV naging the Patriotic Fund, held at Lloyd's Coffee Houfe,

*	in the City of London, it was refolved, that the Sum of Forty

* thoufand

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817.

57° GEO. III.

C. Ixxvi.

713

* thoufand Pounds Ihould be paid to the Commiffioners of the Royal 4 Naval Afylum, out of the Contributions made on the Day of 4 Thankfgiving, on their undertaking, by a Refolution of their Board,

4 to maintain and educate fuch Children of either Sex as fhould be 4 recommended by the Committee for managing the faid Patriotic 6 Fund, and was within the Rules of the faid Royal Afylum. : And 4 Whereas in the Month of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and 4 fix, Sixty-one thoufand Pounds, Confolidated Three Pounds per c Centum Bank Annuities, were transferred by the Committee of the 4 faid Patriotic Fund to Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein,

4 adling for the Commiffioners of the faid Royal Naval Afylum :

4 And Whereas the Interelt upon the faid Capital Sum has been 4 permitted to accumulate : And Whereas the Commiffioners for the 4 Management of the faid Royal Naval Afylum have, by a Relocation 4 of their Board, undertaken to maintain and educate fuch Children 4 of either Sex as may be recommended by the Committee for 4 managing the faid Patriotic Fund, and are within the Rules of that 4 Inftitution : And Whereas doubts are entertained whether the faid 4 Commiffioners can make ufe of any Part of the Accumulation of 4 the Intereft of the faid Capital Sum fo transferred to the faid 4 Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein, in Truft as aforefaid,

4 for the Purpofes of the faid Charity, without the Authority of 4 Parliament;’ Be it therefore enadled, by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Commiffioners the palling of this Adt it lhall and may be lawful for the Commif- of Naval Afylum fioners of the faid Royal Naval Afylum, for the time being, to make mak.e ufe of ufe of the faid Accumulation, or fuch Part thereof as lhall be fr0m the^Pairi-thought necelfary for the carrying on the benevolent Purpofes of the 0tic Fund, faid Inftitution.

II. And be it further enadled, That this Adi lhall be deemed and Public Adt taken to be a public Adi, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftiees and others, without being fpecially

PRIVATE

Hosted by

Google

Pr. C.l—6.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

7H

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of thefe Afis is annexed a Claufe in the Form following 1

<c And be it further enadled, That this A dl (hall be printed by “ the feveral Printers to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, duly “ authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that u a Copy thereof, fo printed by any of them, fhall be admitted as u Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices and others/’

Cap. 1.

-/\_N Adt for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Drayton, in the County of Somerfet.	[17th	March	1817.]

Cap. 2.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Erif<welly in the County of Suffolk.	[29th	March	1817.]

CaP- 3-

An Adi for inclofing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the County of York.	[23d May	18J 7-J

“ Allotment to Redtor in lieu of Small Tithes, $ 28.

41 G. 3. c. 109,

2 O. 3. c. 128.

Cap. 4.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Cofton otherwife Cofion Hackett in the County of Worcejler.	[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 5.

An Adi for repealing certain Parts of an A61 of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Afpatria, and in the feveral Parilhes of Afpatriay Brumfield and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the faid Adi.

' [23d May 1817.]

“ Lands in Blennerhaffet exempted from Tithes, § 4.

Cap. 6.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Orleton in the County of Hereford.	[23d May 1817.]

12	Cap.

Hosted by Google

A.D.1817-

57° GEO. III.

Pr.	C.7—15.

715

Cap.7-

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Burton Salmon in the Parifli of Monkfryjlone, in the County of Tork.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 8.

An A£t for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Willey, in the Parifh of Prejleigtiy in the County of Hereford.	[23& May 1817.]

Cap. 9.

An A61 for veiling part of the Settled Eftates of Edward Gilbert Efquire, otherwife Edward Scott Efquire, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for applying the Produce in or towards the Difcharge of the Incumbrances on the faid Eftates.	[16th	June	1817.]

Cap. 10.

An A <51 for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parifh 41 G. 3. c. 109. of Almondburyy in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 11.

An A <51 for allotting Lands in the Townfhip or Liberty of Little-more, in the Parifhes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Yeftleyy otherwife Ijfley, in the County of Oxford.	[16th June 1817.3

44 Allotment to Provoft and Scholars of Oriel College and their

44 Leffee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in Saint Mary the

54 Virgin, § 19. Allotment to the Archdeacon of Oxford and his

44 Leffee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in Teftley* § 20.

Cap. 12.

An A <51 for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Eajlon on the Hill, in the County of Northampton.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 13.

An A6t for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Trawden, in the Chapelry of Colne, and Parifh of Whalleyy in the County of Lan-cajler.	[16th June 1817.]

Cap. 14.

An Adi for inclofing Lands within the Manors, Townlhips or Divi- 41 G. 3. c. 109; lions of Underbarrow and Bradley field in the Parifh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wefimoreland.	[16th	June	1817.3

Cap. 15.

An A& for veiling certain Eftates, devifed by the Will of John Seacomey and now held in undivided Shares in Truftees, to be fold; and forinvefting the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of fuch of the Parties interefted as are Infants in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be conveyed to them according to their refpe&ive Rights and Xnterefts in lieu of fuch Shares.	[20th	June	1817.]

Cap•

Hosted by Google

716

Pr. C. 16—22.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817*

41 G. 3. recited.

Cap. 16.

An A 61 to enable the Truftees for the time being of the Charity EHates of William Hickey deceafed, fituate in Richmond, in the County of 1Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leafes thereof.	[20th	June	1817.]

Cap. 17.

An A61 for confirming and eftablifhing the Sales made by Ann Ftjh Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the Eflates devifed to them for Sale by the Will of John Fijh Efquire.	[20th	June 1817.]

Cap. 18.

An A61 for inclofing Ramfdown and Ltddaton Down Commons, in the Parifh of Milton Abbott in the County of Devon.

[20th June 1817*3

Allotments not difcharged from Tithes, § 3,8.

Gap. 19.

An A 61 for dividing and inclofing Heworth Moor in the Manor or Townfhip of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of Tork ; and for extinguilhing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, fituate in the Suburbs or Precindts of the City of Tork.	[20th	June 1817.]

“ Certain Screeds of Land as herein defcribed fold or allotted to

c< His Majefly, § 22, 23.

Cap. 20.

c. 109* An A6t for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parifhes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fornham Saint Genoveve otherwife Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

[20th June 1817.3

u Annual Rents in lieu of Tithes, § 34. When Tithes to ceafe, “ § 38-

Cap. 21.

An A6t for veiling in Truftees in Fee Simple, in Truft for Samuel Robert Gauffen Efquire, difcharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interefts, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Eftate of the Right Honourable John Lord Offulfton deceafed.	[27th	June	1817.]

Cap. 22.

An A61 for veiling the fettled Eftates of William Lijier Fenton Scott Efquire, in Truftees, in Truft to be fold ; and for laying out the Purchafe Monies arifing from fuch Sale, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

[27th June 18x7.]

Cap.

Hosted by Google

57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 23—29.

717

Cap. 23.

An A a for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seilion in Scotland to fell fuch Parts of the Eftates of Seaforth and others, fituated in the County of Rofs, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceafed, as fhall be fufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provifions which affedt or may be made to affedl the faid entailed Eftates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leafes and Feus of Parts of the faid entailed Eftates.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 24.

An Adi to authorize the Truftees of the deceafed James Scha<w to grant Building Leafes, and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Prefton, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[27th	June	1817.]

Cap. 25.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Hollington, in the feveral Parifties of Longford and Brailsfordy in the County of Derby.	[27th	June 1817.]

“ Allotments to Tithe Owners, &c. § 18. Compenfation for “ Tithes of ancient Inclofures, $19, 20. Allotment in lieu of “ Tithes of ancient Inclofures belonging to Perfons not entitled to “	Allotment of	Open Lands, § 22. When	Tithes to	ceafe, § 23.

Allotments in	lieu of Tithes fenced, &c.	for Three	Years at the

“	Public Expence, $27. Tithe Owners not liable to	Expences of

« Aa, § 43.

Cap. 2-6.

An Aa for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Fulbrook, in the County 41 G. 3. c. 109. of Oxford.	[27th	June 1817.] recited.

Allotments in lieu of Reaorial and Vicarial Tithes, $18. Such “ Allotment to be fenced at the Expence of Proprietors of the Lands fubjea to the Tithe, § 22. Time to which Tithe Owners %c may receive Tithes, § 24.

Cap. 27.

An Aa to enable James Rocheid Efquire, and the Heirs of Entail fucceeding to him in the Eftate of Inverleithy to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions. [30th June 1817.]

Cap. 28.

An Aa for exchanging an Eftate in the County of Kent, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, for an Eftate in the fame County, devifed by the Will of Thomas Holmes.	[7^	July 1817.]

Cap. 29.

An Aa for making a Partition of the Eftates of Lojloch, Andertony Heaton, Horwichy Rumworth and Adlingtony in the County Palatine of Lancajlery of the late Henry Blundell Efquire.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap.

Hosted by Google

13

Pr. C. 30—34.

57° GEO. III.

A.D.1817.

4* G. ?. recited.

Cap. 30.

An Ad for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Gell Efquire, of certain of the Settled Eftates of Philip Gell Efquire, deceafed, in the County of Tork> for other Eftates in the County of Derby.

[7th July 181-7.]

Cap. 31.

An Ad for effeduating an Exchange between Richard Peter IVhi/h Clerk, Redor of the Redory and Parifh Church of Meefden otherwife Mijfenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gaujfen Efquire, of the Redory Houfe and Part of the Glebe Lands of the faid Redory, for a Houfe and Lands in the faid Parifh of Meefden otherwife Mijfenden, belonging to the faid Armytage Gaujfen.	[7th	July	1817*]

Cap. 32.

An Ad for vefling certain Eftates, devifed by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorfet and Tork> in Truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money thence ariling (after Payment of certain fpecific Incumbrances) in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufes.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 33.

An Ad: to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe of certain Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, fttuate in the Parifh of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, in the faid City, Parcel of the faid Prebend, in manner therein mentioned ; and to enable the granting of Sub Leafes for repairing and otherwife improving the fame.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 34*

c.109. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the Town-fhips of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parifhes of Staveley and Dronfield> in the County of Derby.

[7th July 1817.]

“ Allotment in lieu of Tithes to the Duke of Devonjhire and the “ Redor of Staveley, § 22.; and in lieu of a yearly Payment of “ Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, § 32. ; to the Vicar (i of Dronjield, § 23. ; to William Howard, § 24.; to the Duke of <c Portland, $ 31.; to the Curate of Barlow, in lieu of a yearly Pay-“ ment out of Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, § 33. “ Manor of Barlow difcharged from Tithes, § 34. Proprietors not “ having an Intereft in the Lands inclofed equal in Value to the “ Tithes of his or her other Eftates, to make good the Deficiency, “ § 35* Fencing Tithe Allotments, § 36.

Cap.

Hosted by Google

A.D. 1817-

57° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 35—38.

719

Cap. 35.

An A€t for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common Wood, 41 G. 3, c. 109. in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt otherwife Lyons, in the recited. County of Denbigh♦	[7th July	1817.]

u Provifo for Royalties, &c. of His Majefty’s Lordfhip of Bromjield “ and Tale, § 39. ; and for his Rights as Lord of the Manor of “ Bromjield and Tale, § 41.

Cap. 3 6.

An A£t for vetting a certain Eftate, late of Peter Walkden, of Charley, in the County of Chejler, Yeoman, deceafed, fituate in Chorley aforefaid, in Truftees, in Truft, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon ; and for purchafing other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	[icth	July	1817.]

Cap. 31-

An A& to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parifh of Bolton, 32 G. 3, e. 71. in the County Palatine of Lancajler, to fell and convey in Fee recited. Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.	[10th July 1817.]

Cap. 38.

An A<tt for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reverfion expe£tant of certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick and Chejler, late of Sir Lifter Holte Baronet, deceafed, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Efquire ; and for vetting fuch Eftates and Property in Truftees, to convey and affure the fame according to the faid Agreement.	[10th	July	18170]

INDEX

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Hosted by Google

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS, 57° GEO. III.

* Signifies that the Aft relates exclusively to Ireland.

Administrators of deceafed

Navy Agents, empowering to receive Money in certain Cafes Cap. 118

Admiralty. See Droits of Admiralty. Agent General, repealing Office of, and transferring his Duties to Pay-mafter General and Secretary at War	41

Alnager, aboliffiing Office of -	*109

America, regulating VefTels carrying Paf-fengers to Britiffi Colonies in 10 ------- ■ and Ifle of Bermuda, regulating Trade between -	28

——.......allowing the Exportation of

Britiffi Goods to, direCt, on certain Terms -	-	58

------—— Britiffi Colonies in, Importation to, of Oranges and Lemons from the Azores and Madeiras 89 Annuities, regulating the Payment of certain -	-	-	*82

--------- (Life) amending and rendering more effe&ual feveral ACts, enabling Commiffioners of National Debt to grant -	26

Appropriation of Supplies -	132

Arms, Two ACts revived and continued for preventing improper Perfons from having -	-	*21

Army, Annual Mutiny A 61 for 12. 35

-------Prize	Money,	regulating the

Payment of	-	77

See alfo Soldiers.

Arrefts (Vexatious), A6ts for preventing, continued -	•	101

Affe(fed Taxes, Duties of, explaining and amending A61for granting, 8tc. 25

Oranges and Lemons from, to Britiffi Colonies in North America -	-	Cap. 89

Bank of England, preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens iffued by -	-	113

Banks for Savings, Eftabliffiment of * 106.

*130

Barbadoes (Port'of Bridge Town in), allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, See.

to -	-	-	-	74

Barrack Department, veiling Ellates and Property of Barrack Service, in the Comptroller of -	-	9

Bermuda (Ifle of), allowing Britiffi Plantation Sugar and Coffee imported into, to be exported thence to America, &c.	-	-	28

Blacking (Liquid), exempting Stone . Bottles made and ufed for, folely from Duty on Stone Bottles 119 Blaquiere (John Lord), authorizing Payment of an Annual Sum to, for his Office of Alnager *109 Board of Trade, regulating and enabling Vice Prefident of, to fend and receive Letters and Packets Poftage free -	-	-	-	66

Bounties, Silk Manufactures, Exportation of, continued -	-	15

---------- Sugar,	refined otherwife than

by claying -	-	“	43

Bounty Money, authorizing Executors or Admmillrators of deceafed licenfed Navy Agents to receive, in certain w ^	cafes -	-	-	-	118

regulating the Exemptions of 1 Buck Wheat imported, new Duties on 27 Dwelling Houfes from -	128 I

Afylums for Lunatic Poor, Eftabliffiment I Cambricks and Lawns (Foreign) Im-of -	-	-	-	#io6l	portationof, on paying the Duties

Azores and Madeiras, Exportation of I	payable in Great Britain *86

57 Geo. III.

3 A

Hosted by

Google

722

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 57° GEO. III.

Cape of Good Hope, regulating Trade and Commerce to and from

Cap. i

Carriages ufed in Huffiandry, explaining Ad relating to Tolls on -	37

Certificates of the Delivery of Goods from one Warehousing Port to another, for Exportation, limiting the Time of	-	- 116

Charitable Inftitutions,exonerating fmall, from Land Tax	-	- 100

Charity Societies, extending Provifions of 36 G. 3. c. 90. and 52 G. 3. c. 158. to	-	39

Clergy. See Reiidence, Spiritual Perfons, and Stipendiary Curates,

Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal, Abolition of the Offices of 63

—	-----of Counties, fettling Fees to be

taken by -	-	-	91

Coals and Culm carried coaftwife, Duties on	96

—	------------and Cinders, allowing to

be brought to London and Weft-minfter -	-	-	114

Coals, prohibiting the Payment in Goods of Labourers employed in working -	-	-	122

Cochineal and Indigo, Ad for free Importation of, revived and continued -	-	-	23

Coffee, 52 G. 3. c. 149. revived and continued, for feparating damaged from found, and permitting Dealers to fend out not exceeding 8lbs. without a Permit -	8

---------and	Sugar (Britiffi) allowing the

Exportation of, from Bermuda to America -	-	-	28

Colchefter (Lord), fettling Annuities on

47

Collieries, prohibiting Payment in Goods of Labourers in -	122

Colonies, Bahama Iflands, permitting the Exportation of Salt from certain Ports of, in American Ships coming in Ballaft -	-	42

----------- Bermuda (111©), regulating

Trade between, and America, in certain Articles -	-	28

---- Britiffi, in North America, regulating the carrying of Paffen-gers to -	-	-	10

----------------Importation	to,	of	Oranges

and Lemons from the Azores and Madeiras -	-	Cap.	89

---------- Cape of Good Hope, regulating Trade and Commerce to and from -	-	-	1

---------- Mauritius (Ifle of), Regulating the Trade of -	- x

..........Newfoundland, extending the

Exportation of Wines, &c. from Weft Indies to, &c.	-	29

----------Porta Maria, Jamaica, and

Bridge Town, Barbadoes, allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, &c* to	74

Commerce. See Trade and Commerce. Confolidated Fund, authorizing Advance of Money from, for Public Works and Employment of the Poor, &c.

34

—	--------------- adjufting	Account	of,

and making good Deficiences 48 Confpiring againft His Majeftv’s Perfon and Government, for detaining Perfons fufpedted of -	3.	55

Conftables, exempting Members of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry from the Office of	44

Copper Tokens, for preventing the Iffii-ing and Circulation of	46

Corn, Importation of, for a limited time 85 Cofts of Diftreffes, levied for Payment of fmall Rents, Regulation of 93 County Rates, affeffing of -	94

Court of King’s Bench, facilitating the Progrefs of Bufinefs in -	11

----- of Exchequer, facilitating Equity

Suits in	-	-	18

---------- ——f regulating certain

Offices in	-	60

Crown A<ft 54 G. 3. c. 70. for improving the Land Revenue of, altered and enlarged	-	-	24

Curates (Stipendiary), Support and Maintenance of	-	99

Cuftoms, Buck Wheat imported, new Duties on -	-	-	27

—	-----,	Officers of, rewarding, for pre-

venting illicit Diftillation 40 ------—------------,	permitting, to remove Goods from one bonding Warehoufe to another in the fame Port -	-	116

-----------—	See Smuggling.

Hosted by Google

723

INDEX to the Public General A&s, 57° GEO. III.

Biftillation (illicit), rewarding Officers of Cuftoms for preventing Cap. 40 Diftreffes levied for Payment of fmall Rents, regulating the Cofts of 93 Dollars iffued by the Bank of England, preventing further Circulation of,

,113

Drawback on Paper allowed to Univer-fities, regulating -	76

Droits of Admiralty, fettling Share of, payable to Greenwich Hofpital,

I27

Duties. See Cuftoms.

Dwelling Hcrufes folely employed in Trade, or for warehoufing Goods, Sec. exempting, from the Operation of the Affeffed Taxes 25 regulating Exemption

from Duties

128

Excife, Stone Bottles, for Blacking, exempting from new. Duties on Cap. 119

Execution of the Laws, amending Two A&s for ...	*22

Executors of deceafed licenfed Navy Agents, authorizing to receive Prize Money, See. in certain Cafes -	-	-	118

Exportation of Britiffi Goods to America, diredl, on certain Terms 58 Pig and Bar Iron, Prohi-

bition of, repealed during Peace 17 Salt, from certain Ports in

Eaft India Company, regulating Trade of Places within the Limits of, and certain Places in the Mediterranean	-	-	36

—	-----------------}	exempting Terri-

tories of, from certain Navigation Laws	95

-----*-------------,	Court	of	Directors

of, empowered to make extraordinary Allowances in certain Cafes to Ship Owners -	120

Ele&ion of Members of Parliament, Regulation of -	-	*131

Equity Suits in Court of Exchequer, for facilitating the Hearing, &c. of 18 Exchequer, facilitating Equity Suits in the Court of -	-	18

----------, regulating certain Offices in

the Court of -	-	60!

----------, regulating the Offices of, in i

England and Ireland -	84	■

Exchequer Bills, authorizing the Iffue 1 of, for public Works, and for the Employment of the Poor, &c. 34 ! ----------------amended -	124

— ------——------- See	alfo	Loans.

Excife Officers, permitting, to remove

Goods from one bonding Ware-houfe to another in the fame Port -	-	-	116

------- Salt and Rock Salt, altering

and amending Laws on -	49

—	----Spirits, Duty on the Excefs of,

above certain Proportions 123 *------ Stone Bottles, new Duties on 32

the Bahama Iflands, in American Ships coming in Ballaft -	42

------Silk Manufactures, additional Bounty on, continued 15 -—-— Woollen and Bay Yarn, by Licence, allowing -	*73

Extents in Aid, regulating the iffuing of

117

Eyre, Wardens, Chief Judices, Juftices, Sec. in, North and South of Trent, aboliffiing the Offices of	6t

Fees of Clerks of Counties, enabling Juftices to fettle -	91

Female Offenders, aboliffiing the Puniffi-ment of Whipping on -	75

Fiffieries, authorizing the Iffue of Exchequer Bills and Advance of Money from the Confolidated Fund for	34

—-----------amended	-	-	124

•----------ACt	for	Improvement	of,	continued and amended -	*69

Frame-breaking, Proviftons againft 126 Frauds by Tenants, altering Laws for preventing -	-	52

Friendly Societies,extending certain Pro-vifions of 36 G. 3. c. 90. and 52 G. 3. c. 158. to	-	39

Fuller’s Earth, &c. carrying Coaft wife 83 Funds, for transferring certain, in Great Britain, to certain Stocks or Funds in Ireland	79

Gage (Lord Vifcount) ratifying Agreement of, with Commiffioners of Woods and Forefts, Sec. -	97

Game, preventing Perfons going armed by Night for deftroying	90

Gibraltar, extending the Privileges of • the Trade of Malta to -	4

3 A 2

Hosted by Google

724

INDEX to the Public General Acts, 57° GEO. III.

Grand Juries, regulating the Inveftiga-tion of Prefentments by, for Roads, &c.	.	Cap.	*107

Greenwich Hofpital, fettling Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, See. payable to -	127

Hackney Coach or Chariot, authorizing the driving or keeping of, under the fame Licence -	125

Hufbandry (Carriages ufed in), explaining and amending A61 relating to Tolls on	-	"37

Importation, Buck Wheat, new Duties on	-	-	-	27

•-----------Cambricks and Lawns (Fo-

reign) on paying the Duties payable thereon in Great Britain *86

------------Cochineal and Indigo, free,

revived and continued -	23

------------Corn, &c. for a limited

time	85

------------and Exportation of certain

Goods, See. to Porta Maria, Jamaica, and Bridge Town, Bar-badoes -	-	-	74

Improvement of Land Revenue of Crown, Act for, altered and enlarged 24 Indemnity A6t; Offices, Scc. -	14

Indigo and Cochineal, free Importation of, A<tfor, revived and continued

23

Innkeepers, Rates to, on quartering Soldiers -	-	-	78

Iron (Pig and Bar) Prohibition of exporting, repealed during Peace 17

Jamaica (Porta Maria in the Ifle of). See Importation.

Juries. See Grand Juries.

Juftices of Peace, enabling to fettle Fees of Clerks of Counties -	91

King and Government, for fecuring and detaining Perfons fufpebted of confpiring again!! -	3*55

—	for making perpetual certain Parts

of 36 G 3. c. 7. for the Safety and Prefervation of -	-	6

—	- A6t for improving Land Revenue

of, altered and enlarged	24

—	veiling Part of Common Lands in

Rialton and Retraighe, in 129

King’s Bench, facilitating Bufinefs m Court of	-	Cap.	11

Labourers in Steel, Sc c. prohibiting Payment of, in Goods -	115

---------in	the Collieries or in the working of Coals, prohibiting the Payment of, in Goods -	122

Land Revenue of the Crown, A6t for the Improvement of, altered and amended	-	-	24

- - -----------------------   empower-

ing Commiffioners of, to make a Road from Milbank Row, Weft-minfter, to the Penitentiary 54

----------—----------------*	ratifying

Agreement of Lord Vifcount Gage with Commiffioners of, &c.

97

Land Tax, exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Donations, from 100 Lawns (Foreign) Importation of, on paying Duties now payable thereon in G. B.	-	*86

Letters. See Board of Trade.

Life Annuities, amending and rendering more efFe6lual feveral A6ts, empowering Commiffioners of National Debt to grant -	26

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, &c.

railing, ifluing and funding, ^24,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	2

<§£18,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	16

s£ 9,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	80

,=£ 3,000,000, Treafury Bills	-	*81

London (Port of), altering the Hours for fhipping Goods in	-	116

Lotteries -	31

Lunatic Poor, Eftablifhment of Afylums for	-	-	*106

Malt, continuing Annual Duties on - 5 Malta, extending the Privileges of the Trade of, to the Port of Gibraltar

4

Manflaughters, for more effe6tually puniffiing, in Places out of His Majefty’s Dominions	-	53

Manufactures. See Silk Manufactures. Manure (Carriages carrying), removing Doubts as to Payment of Toll on

37

Marine Forces, Regulation of -	13

Marriages in Newfoundland, regulating the Celebration of -	51

Hosted by Google

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 57° GEO. III.

125

Mary le bone (St.), ratifying Purchafe of the Impropriate Redory of Cap. 98

Mediterranean, regulating Trade between certain Places in, and Places within the Limits of the Eaft India Company’s Charter - Cap. 36 Members of Parliament, regulating the Eledion of	- -	'*131

Milbank Row, Weftminfter,	making

Road from, to the Penitentiary 54 Militia, fufpending, training, and regulating Quotas of	-	“57

--------- Adjutants, Allowances to - 102

—	..—	Difembodied, Pay and Clothing

of -	-	-	102.	*	103

--------Serjeant Majors, Allowances to

102

•	----- Serjeants, Corporals,	&c. re-

ducing Number of, while difembodied -	- -	*104

Militia, Subaltern Officers, Allowances to	102.	*103

—	---- Surgeons’ Mates, Allowances to

102

Mint,	regulating certain	Offices	in, and

abolifhing others	-	68

Murders in Places out of	His	Majefty’s

Dominions, for more effedual Punifhment of	53

Mutiny, 37 G. 3. c. 70. G. R. and 37 Gr. 3. (I.) revived and made perpetual, for Prevention and Punifhment of Perfons exciting Sea or Land Forces ta Mutiny -	7

----- . Ad, Army -	12.39

•	---------Marines -	-	13

National Debt, amending and rendering more effedual feveral Ads empowering Commiffioners of, to grant Life Annuities -	26

—	----------direding the Application

of Monies by the Commiffioners for reducing -	-	48

Naval Stores, Prohibition of exporting certain, repealed during Peace

*7

Navigation Laws, exempting Territories of Eaft India Company from certain	95

Navy, regulating the Pay of Officers of, in certain cafes	20

—	■“ 1 Bills, regulating the Intereft and

Payment of -	-	30

Navy, Treafurer of, regulating the Office of	Cap. 112

-----------------regulating Payments

to, under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts -	121

Newfoundland, extending the Exportation of Wares, &c. from Weft India Iflands to -	29

---------------regulating	the	Celebration of Marriages in -	51

Oaths, regulating the Adminiftration of, to Officers of Army and Navy, in certain cafes	92

Officers on Half Pay, allowing, to hold certain Commiffions in Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry -	44

------ of Sea and Land Forces, regulating the Adminiftration of Oaths to -	-	-	92

Offices and Employments, annual Duties on	-	-	5

------ Indemnity -	-	14

—-----enabling Perfons holding during

Pleafure at the Demife of the King, to continue in the fame until removed by the fucceeding Sovereign	45

------in the Court of Exchequer, regulating certain	60

------of Wardens, Chief Juftices and

Juftices in Eyre, North and South of Trent, Abolition of	61

Offices, certain, Abolition of fome, and Regulation of others *62.64

-------- of Clerks of the Signet and

Privy Seal, regulating -	63

------recompenfing the Services of

Perfons holding, or who may have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices	-	65

------ regulating Board of Trade, &c. 66

-------- regulating fome, and abolifhing

others in the Mint	-	67

------* amending Laws relating to

Sheriffs -	*68

------regulating the Offices of Exchequer in England and Ireland 84

Paper, regulating the Drawback on, allowed to Univerfities -	76

Parliament, regulating the Ele&ion of Members of -	-	*131

Paffengers, regulating the Veffels carrying, to Britifh Colonies -	10

Hosted by Google

726

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 51° GEO. III.

Pay of Naval Officers, regulating, in certain cafes -	-	Cap. 20

Paymafler General and Secretary at War, transferring Office of Agent General to	- -	46

Penitentiary,	making	Road from	Mil-

bank	Row,	Weftminfter, to	- 54

Penfions and Perfonal Eftate, Annual Duties on .	-	-	5

Polls, Regulation of -	-	*131

Poor (Employment of), authorizing the IffueofExchequerBills,&c.for 34

—------------------- Aft for, amended

124

---- (Lunatic) Eftabliffiment of Afy-

lums for -	-	-	*106

Poftage. See Board of Trade.

Poll Horfe Duties, letting to Farm, and Recovery, &c. of	59

Prefervation of the Peace. See Watch-ing and Warding.

*	------------------------>	Law	provid-

ing for, continued	-	*'50

Prince Regent, for the Safety and Prefervation of	-	-	6

Prifons, amending Laws concerning *71 Privy Seal, abolifhingOfficeof Clerk of 63 Prize Money to Army, regulating Payment of, &c.	77

*	----~~----fettling Share of, payable

to Greenwich Hofpital -	127

Public Funded Debt, Charge of Additions to, provided for -	*83

Public Works, authorizing the Iffue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money from Confolidated Fund, for carrying on -	34

-------------amended	-	124

Recognizances (forfeited), amending Laws concerning -	*56

Redemption of Land Tax, further Pro-vifion for -	-	joo

Rents, altering Law for fecuring Payment of	52

Rents (Small) regulating the Coils of Diflreffes levied for -	93

Refidence of Spiritual Perfons, enforcing

99

Rialton and Retraighe, veiling part ot Common Lands at, in the King

129

Rock Salt, altering and amending Ex-cife Laws on -	-	49

Rogues and Vagabonds, repealing 39 8c 40 G. 3. c. 50. and 56 G. 3. c. 130. concerning - Cap. 90

Salt, fee Exportation.

----and Rock Salt, altering and amending Excife Laws concerning 49 Savings’-Banks, Eftabliffiment of *105.

I3°

Seamen, feducing from their Allegiance ; 37G.3. c.70. G.B. and37 G.3. (I.) revived and made perpetual	7

--------reducing	Allowance	of	Spirits,

See, to, on ffiort Voyages -	33

Seditious Practices, making perpetual certain Partsof 36G.3. c.7.againil 6 Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws, fecuring of, to Greenwich Hofpital -	-	-	-	127

Sheriffs, amending Laws relating to *68 Shipping Goods, altering Hours of, in the Port of London -	-	116

--------Owners of. See Eafl India

Company.

Signet (Clerk of), aboliffiing Office of 63 Silk	Manufactures exported, additional

Bounties on, continued	-	15

Smuggling, Prevention of	-	87

Snuff, annual Duties on -	5

Soldiers, feducing from their Allegiance; 37 G. 3. c. 70. G. B. and 37 G. 3. (I.) revived and made perpetual -	"7

---—- fixing Rates of Subfiflence to

Innkeepers on quartering -	78

Spirits, reducing Allowance of, to Seamen on ffiort Voyages	-	33

------continuing	ACls for regulating

the Trade in, between G. B. and Ireland -	-	-	-	72

------regulating	the colle&ing, &c. of

Duties on	-	-	*110

Spirits, Duty on the Excefs of -	123

Spiritual Perfons holding Farms, amending Laws concerning, &c, -	99

Stipendiary Curates, Support and Maintenance of	-	99

Stone Bottles, new Duties on	32

--------------made and ufed for Liquid

Blacking folely, exempting from new Duties thereon -	-119

Sugar, annual Duties on -	-5

*3

Hosted by Google

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 57° GEO. III.

727-

Sugar, Britilh Plantation, imported into Bermuda, allowing to be exported thence to America, &c. Cap. 28

-----— refined otherwife than by claying,

Bounties on -	“43

Suita in the Court of King’s Bench, facilitating -	-	11

----- in Equity in the Court of Exchequer, facilitating -	-18

Supplies, Appropriation of -	-	132

Sweets, fufpending Duties on	-	in

Taxes, affeffed, explaining and amending ACt for -	-	25

Tea, reducing the Allowance of, to Seamen on fiiort Voyages	-	33

Tenants, altering Law for Payment of Rent, and preventing Frauds by

52

Tobacco, annual Duties on -	“5

----------- reducing Allowance of, to

Seamen on fiiort Voyages	-	33

Tobacco Pipe Clay, carrying coaftwife 88 Tokens (Copper), preventing the iffuing and Circulation of -	-	46

----- (Bank of England), preventing

the Circulation of -	- 113

Tolls on Carriages ufed in Hufbandry, &c.,explaining ACt relating to 37 Trade, Dwelling Houfes folely employed in, exempting from AfTefTedTaxes

25

Trade amd Commerce, to and from the Cape of Good Hope, and of the Ifie of Mauritius -	1

•---------------------of	Malta, extend-

ing the Privileges of, to the Port of Gibraltar -	-	4

———--------------—-— to and from Places

within the Limits of Eaft India Company’s Charter, and certain Places in the Mediterranean 36

----------------------- in Spirits between

Great Britain and Ireland, regulating -	-	-	72

Training of Militia, fufpending -	57

Tranfport Bills, regulating the Intereft and Payment of	-	30

Treafon — For detaining Perfons fuf-pe&ed of confpiring againfi: the King and Government Cap. 3. 55 Treafon — Makingperpetualcertain Parts 0136 G. 3. c.y.for the Safety and Prefervation of His Majefty’s Per-fon and Government againfi: trea-fonable and feditious Practices, and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Perfon of His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent againfi: treafonable Practices 6 Treafurer of the Navy, regulating the Office of	-	-	-	112

----—.... -	■ -	 regulating	Payments to, under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts -	-	121

Trent, abolifhing the Offices of Warden, &c. North and South of -	61

Trinity, relieving from certain Penalties certain Perfons impugning the DoCtrine of the -	-	*70

Univerfities, regulating the Drawback on *,	Paper	allowed	to	-	-	76

Vexatious Arrefiis, Adis for preventing, continued -	101

Vagabonds. See Rogues and Vagabonds* Victualling Bills, regulating Intereft and Period of Payment of -	3°

Volunteer Cavalry,. quartering when on Duty, and exempting from Office of Conftable -	-	-	44

Watching and Warding, continuing ACt for	...	38

Wines (Made),fufpendingDutieson m Whipping of Female Offenders, abolifh-ing Punifhment of	"75

Woollen, or Bay Yarn, allowing Exportation of, by Licence - *73

—--------- Manufactures, abolifiiing Sub-

fidy and Alnage of -	*109

Yeomanry, quartering when on Duty, and exempting from Office of Conftable	....	44

