TIM

• STATUTES

or

THE UNITED KINGDOM

or

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND, 50 GEORGE III* i8io«

Digitized by v^ooQle

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

or

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

50 GEORGE HI. 1810.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers;

And fold by J. Buttkrworth, Law Bookfelfer, in Fleet-ftreet*

1810.

[Price 161. in Boards.]

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

"Palled in the FOURTH Seffion of the FOURTH Parliament

OP THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and 50 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

A N Aft for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Peniions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England; for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred find ten. Page 1

2.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great BrU tain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

3.	An Aft for railing die Sum of One million five hundred thou-

fand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great BrU tain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	Ibid.

4.	An Aft to indemnify fuch Perfous in the United Kingdom as have

omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for thofe Purposes refpeftively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as- have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attomies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One tfloufand eight hundred and eleven.	a

•5. An A ft to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Grain in Great Britain, for a limited Time; and to continue, until Four Months after the Expiration of fuch Prohibition, an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, to fufpend the Importation of Britijh or Iri/b-made Spirits into Great Britain or Jre~ land refpeftively.	Ibid.

6.	An Aft to enable His Royal Highnefs George Prince of Wales, to grant Leafes of certain Lands and Premifes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parifh of Lambeth, in the County of Sttrr>y9 Parcel of His faid Royal Highness Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpofe of building thereon.	3

50 Geo. III.	a	7.	An

Digitized by Google

11

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

7.	An A A for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	Page 7

8.	An A A for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity on Vifcount

Wellington and the Two next rerfons to whom the Title of Vifcount Wellington lhall defcend, in Confide ration of his eminent Services.	it

9.	An A A to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and eleven, fo much of an A A of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, as allows a Bounty on Bri-tijb Plantation Raw Sugar exported.	14

10.	An AA for making perpetual certain of the Pjrovifions of an AA

of the Fifth Year of King George the Firft, for preventing the clandeftine running of uncuftomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Cuftoms.	15

11.	An AA to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, feveral Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fifheries.	16

II.	An A A to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, an A A made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Importation of Mails, Yards, Bowfprits and Timber for Naval Purpofet from the Britijh Colonies in North America, Duty-free. Ibid.

13.	An AA to continue an AA, made in the Forty fourth Year of

His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama IJlands^ in American Ships coming in Ballaft ; and amend and continue an AA made in *the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Fimflerre, and Com to be imported from fuch Port, and from the Coaft of Africa, into the faid Colonies and Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	17

14.	An A A for the Regulation of His Majefty’s Royal Marine

Forces while on Shore.	18

15.	An AA to grant to His Majefty Duties npon Spirits made or

diftilled in Ireland from Corn; to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of Licenfed Diftillers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Diftillery in Ireland.	21

16.	An A A for further continuing, until the T nty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an AA of the Forty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty-free, of Com and other Provifions.	29

17.	An A A to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand oight hundred and eleven, an AA for regulating the Drawbacks *and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ire• land.	30

18.	An A A for the further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thbufand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties

Digitized by v^ooQle

(Pub/ici General,) JO* GEO. III.

ties on- Sugar when the Duties impofed by an Ad of the Forty filth Year of His prefect Majcfty (hall be fufpended. Page 30

19.	An Ad for further continuing, until the Twenth fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Ad made in the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation oft other Articles of Provifion, without Payment of Duty.	33

10.	An Ad for removing Doubts as to the Power #of appointing

Superintendants of Quarantine and their A Aidants.	Ibid,

11.	An Ad for amending and continuing fo amended, until the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, an Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefly, for confolidating and extending the feveral Laws in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the Wejl Indies.	34.

22.	An Ad for authorizing the Lords CommifQoners of the Trea-

fury to purchafe certain Quays within the Port of London.	Ibid.

23.	An Ad for granting Annuities to difcharge certain Exchequer

Bills.	36

24.	An Ad to amend an Ad, palled in the lad Sefiion of Parlia-

ment, for completing the Militia of Great Britain ; and to make farther Provifion for completing the laid Militia.	41

25.	An Ad to amend feveral Ads, relating to the Local Militia

of Great Britain.	43

26.	An Ad for granting a Duty on Foreign x Plain Linen taken

out of WarehouTe and exported to	Foreign Parts.	49

27.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and thirty one, certain Ads made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufadure.	50

28.	An Ad for increafing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	Ibid\

29.	Au Ad to amend an Ad of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for

amending the lrijh Road Ads.	*53

jo. An Ad to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland, upon holding luquifitions.	54

ji. An Ad for augmenting the Salaries of the Lords of Sefiion, Lords Commifiioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland.	Ibid.

32.	An Ad to rgneal certain Parts of feveral Ads of the Parlia-

ment in Irela/£^fo far as relates to the limiting the Number of Ptrfons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages; for enading other Limitations in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.	57

33.	An Ad for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life, and alfo

Ecclefiadical Perfons, to grant Land for the Purpofe of endowing Schools in Ireland.	}	62

34.	An Ad for allowing the Exportation of Britijh and Iri/b made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. 64

35.	An Ad for altering the Mode of collediug the Duty on Infur-aocw a gain ft Lofs by Fire, upon Property in His Majefty** Hands and Pofleffions in the Wejl Indies, and clfewhere beyond the Seas; aud for exempting certain Bonds and Receipts from

a 2	Stamp

0

Digitized by Google

The TITLES of the Sf AttJTES,

Stamp Doty, for giving Relief in certain Cslfea bf St*mpfc fpoiled or mifufed, and fof explaining Part of an Aft patted in the FoHy eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Dutte* in Great Britain.	P^ge	66

36.	An Aft for granting Annuities to difeharge an additional Number of Exchequer Bills.	7	a

37.	An Aft for enabling His Majefty to fettle an Annuity on

Serene Highnefs the Duke of Brunfwick IVolfenbutteL	74

38.	An A ft to extend the Provifions of an Aft patted in the Forty

eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, jin A3 to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland To be wareboufed or fecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being frfl paid, and to amend the fame.	75

39.	Au Aft for repaying in certain Cafes the Duty paid on the Export of Foreign Plain Linen.	78

40.	An Aft for difeontinuinjg the Bounty on Exportation of Oil ef

Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback bf a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brihtftone ufed in taking Oil of Vitriol.	Ibid.

’41. An Aft for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commiflioners of Hackney Coaches. 80

*42. An Aft For confolidating the Duties Of Cuftoms for the IJle of Man, and for placing the fame under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms in England.	$0

43.	An Aft for maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commiflioners for Highland Roads and Bridges. 97

44.	Au Aft to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannua-

tion to the Officers of Excife in Scotland% under certain Reftric-tions.	ioi

*45. An Aft for raifing the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.	102

‘46. An Aft for encouraging the Confumption bf Malt Liquor in Ireland.	103

47.	An Aft to extend and amend the Provifions of an Aft made

in the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Relief and Maintenance of Infolvent Debtors detained in Prifon in Ire-land.	106

48.	An Aft to repeal Three Afts, made in the Twenty eighth,

Thirtieth and Forty fixth Years of Hi# prefent Majefty, for limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried on the Ontude of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enaft other Regulations for carrying the Obiefts of the faid	Afts	into	Efleft.	110

49.	An Aft to amend! the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, fo far

as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overfeers by Juft ices	of	the	Peace.	122

50.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft made in the laft Seflion

of Parliament, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor, fo far as relates to the more effeftual carrying the fame into Execution ; and to extend the Provifions thereof to Parifties which (hall not have adopted the Provifions of an Aft of the Twenty fecond Year bf His prefent Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.	12c

y t An Aft to ^repeal fo much of an Aft, paffed in the Seventh

Year

Digitized by Google

{Publicl General,) $o* GEO- III.

Year of King James the Firft, as relates to the Punifhtpent of Women delivered of Ballard Children $ and to make other Pro-vifions in lieu thereof.	Page	127

ft. An Aft to amend Co much of an Aft, pafled in the Eighth and Ninth Year of King William the Third, as requires pQor Perr foos receiving Alms to wear Badges.	128

JJ. An Aft for preventing Frauds relating to the Exportation of Brttifb and Jrijb made Malt from one Part of the United Ring* dom to the other.	129

J4 An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effefttial Encouragement ot the Brittjh Faeries.	136

J5. An Aft to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, and to increafe the Shares of Seizures payable to Officers in refpeft of Foreign wrought Silks and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves.	137

j6. An Aft to explain and amend an Aft paffed in the la (I Sefiion of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual feveral Duties of One Shilling and Six Pence in the Pound, repealed by an Aft ef the lad Semon of Parliament on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Penfions	and Stipends.	138

f7' An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, ap Aft of the Twenty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more cffeftual Encouragement of the^ Manufafture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.	141

{8. An Aft to amend feveral Afts for the Redemption apd Sale of the Land Tax.	t	Hick

An Aft for more effeftually preventing the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Publick, by any Colleftor, Receiver or other rerfon entrufted with the Receipt, Care or Management thereof.	144

60.	Au Aft for permitting the Exportation to Newfoundland of Fo-

reign Salt, Duty-free, from the Import Wirehoufes at the Port of Brifiol i and for repealing fo much of an Aft of the lall Sefiion as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cafe Finijlerrct to be (hipped in any Port of Europe direft to certain Pons in North America.	145

61.	An Aft for making Sugar and Coffee, of Guadeloupe* Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin* and Saba* liable to the fame Duty on Importation as Sugar aod Coffee not of the Briti/h Plantations. 146

hi. An Aft for the more effeftual Prevention of Smuggling in the IJle oj Mon*	I 47

63.	An A ft to enable His Majefty to authorize the Exportation ef the Machinery neceffary for erefting a Mint in the Brazils. 153

64.	An Aft to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from the Port in Great Britain where firft warehoused, to any other warehoufing Port for the Purpofe of Exportation. 155

65.	An Aft for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the

Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majefty’* Woods, Forefts, Parks and Qhafes.	158

(6. An Aft to authorize the Judge Advocate General to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Fuftage. 168

a 3	67.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

67.	An Aft for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the Counties of Somer/et and Devon. Page 168

68.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland. 169

69.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.	Ibid.

^70. An Aft to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Trea-fury to ifTue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Sup-

* plies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	Ibid,

71.	An Aft for appropriating Part of the Surplus of the Stamp

Duties granted in the Foity eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for defraying the Charges of the Loan made and Stock created in the prefent Seflion of Parliament.	170

72.	An Aft for improving and completing the Harbour on the

• North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a

fit Situation for His Majefty’s Packets.	172

73.	An Aft to alter, explain and amend the Laws now in force refpefting the Trade of Bakers, refiding out of the City of Lon~ don or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal

Exchange.	187

74.	An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain additional Duties

upon Letters and Packets fent by the Poft within Ireland.	190

75.	An Aft to grant to His Majefty an additional Duty on Dwel-

ling Houfes io Ireland, in refpeft of the Windows or Lights therein.	192

76.	An Aft to repeal certain Duties under the Care of the Com-

miffioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and* to grant nevy and additional Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	•	193

77.	An Aft for impofing additional Duties of Cuftoms on certain

Species of Wood	imported	into	Great	Britain.	204

78.	An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His

prefent Majefty, for fuppreffing Infurreftiou, and preventing the Difturbances of the	Publick	Peace	in	Ireland.	206

79.	An Aft for regulating the Continuance of Licences for diddling

Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland.	Ibid.

80.	An Aft for reviving and further continuing, until the Twenty

fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, feve-ral Laws for allowing the Importation of certain Fifh from New-foundland and the Coafl of Labrador, and of certain Fi(h from Parts of the Coaft of His Majefty’6 North American Colonies, and for granting Bounties thereon.	207

81.	An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Auguft One thou-. fand eight hundred and eleven, certain Afts for appointing Com-

miffioners. to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites and Emoluments received in feveral Publick Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collefting, iffuing and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.	208

82.	An Aft to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed

and Hemp Seed io Ireland.

209

4

83. An

Digitized by

C )gle

{Publick General,) 50* GEO. III.

tj. Aa Ad to repeal feveral Ads refpeding the Woollen Mann-ia&urc, and for indemnifying Perfons liable to any Penalty for haring aded contrary thereto.	Page	209

84.	An Ad for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain Cafes, m Scotland*	21 o

8j. An Ad to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, in re-

. fped of which Security ought to be given : and for ayoiding the Grant of all fuch Offices, in the Event of fuch Security not being

. given within a Time to be limited after the Grant of fuch Office. 217

86.	An Ad to amend Two Ads palled in the Thirty ninth and

Forty third Years of His prefent Majeftv, for regulating the* Manner in which the Eajl India Company dull hire and take up Ships.	221

87.	An Ad to amend Two Ads, relating to the railing Men for the

Service of the Eajl India Company ; and the Quartering and Bil-letting fuch Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial.	222

88.	An Ad to make Provifions for a limited Time refpe&ing certain

Grants of Offices.	225

89.	An Ad	for	defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland, and for making allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	227

90.	An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the

Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thou* land eight hundred and ten.	234

91.	An Ad to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and amend fo much of an Ad made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majelly, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England difembodied finder an Ad of the lame	Seffion of Parliament.	240

92.	An Ad for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while difembodied. 241

93.	An Ad for the improving and completing the Harbour of Holy-

head, in the Ille of Anglefea.	249

94 An Ad for granting to His Majelly a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	2 '4

95.	An Ad to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to ered, repair and maintain Light Houfes round the Coails of Ireland, and to raife a Fund for defraying the

Charge thereof.	Ibid*

96.	An Ad to amend an Ad palTed in this Seffion of Parliament, •

intituled, An A3 for increajing. the Rates of Subfjlence to be paid to Innkeepers and 0there on quartering Soldiers.	259

97.	An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thou-

fand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend feveral Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majelly Until the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawback on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland.	260

a 4	An

Vil

Digitized by

Google

The TITLES of die STATUTES,

98.	An Aft for raffing the Suih of Two hundred and fixteert thott-

fand Pounds by Treafury Bills, for the Serrice of Ireland\ for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	Page	270

99.	An Aft to amend the feveral Afts relating to the making of

Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and the Regulations of Braziers and of Perfons employing more than one Still in Ireland.	Ibid.

100.	An Aft for refpiting certain Fines impofed on Stills in Ire-

land.	274

Joi. An Aft for confirming an Agreement for the Pitrchafe of the Prifage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, entered into by the Commiffioners of His Maiefty’s Treafury in Ireland\ and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Offory and his Truflees, in purfuance of an Aft made in the Forty dxth Year of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign.	275

T02. An Aft for the more effeftually preventing the adminiftering and taking of unlawful Oaths in Ireland; and for the Proteftion of Magiilrates and Witneffes iu Criminal Cafes.	285

103.	An Aft for repealing the feveral Laws relating to Prifons

in Ireland, and for re-enafting fuch of the Provifions thereof at have been found ufeful, with Amendments*	286

104.	An Aft for altering the Amount of certain Duties of Affeffed

Taxes granted by an Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of His prelent Majeuy’s Reign, and for granting to His Majefty certain other Duties of AfTeffed Taxes oh the Articles therein mentioned.	321

105.	An Aft to regulate the manner of making Surcharges of the

Duties of AfTeffed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices, and for amending the Afts relating to the Caid Duties refpeftively.	327

J06. An Aft for regulating the manner of affelfing Lands in certain Cafes to the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profefr (ions, Trades and Offices, and for giving Relief from the faid Duties on occafion of Loffes in other Cafes therein mentioned. 348

107.	An Aft to regulate the Examination and Payment of Alignments for Clothing of His Majefty's Forces.	34c

108.	An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft patted

in the Second Year of His prelent Majefty, for the Encourage*-ment of the Fifheries of this Kingdom, and the Proteftion of the Perfons employed therein.	346

109.	An Aft 10 continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and amend an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for the preventing improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland. 353

110.	An Aft to allow, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and .Cinders to London and Weflminjler by inland Navigation. 353

til. An Aft to limit the Amount of Penfions to be granted out of the Civil Lift of Scotland. ' *	360

112.	An Act for abridging the form of extrafting Decrees of

the Court of Seffion in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Pans of the Proceedings of that Court. *	361

113.	An Aft for enabling His Majefty to raife {he Sum of Three

Millions for the Service of Great Britain.	380

114.	An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money, to be

railed

Digitized by Google

(PubTuh General^ jfp6 G$0» III.

fitted by Exchequer Bilk* and tt> bt advanced sad applied in the Mrmer and upon the Term* therein mentioned) for the Belief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajf Indies.	Page 38?

115.	An Ad for granting to HU Majefty certain Sums of Money out of the Confobdated Fand of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thou (and eight hundred andkten; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seflion of Parliament.	383

IV6. A» a a to extend and amend the Term and Probations of an Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of HU prrfent hfajefty, for the better Preferration of Timber in the Nem Fortft9 in the County of Southampton, and for afeertaining the Boundaries of the faid Forc'd, and of the Lauda of the Crown within the feme.	399

117. An M to direft that Acoonnts of Increafe and Diminution of PuMtck Salaries, Penfioee and Allowances, (hall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and contrail the granting and paying of fuch Salaries,	Peofions and Allowances.	393

til. An Ad for regulating the Offices of Regiftrarsof Admiralty and Prize Courts.	297

119. An Ad for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prefeat Majefty, for confolU dating and rendering mure effedual the fevered Ads for the Pur-* chafe of Buildjngs, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places o?ai to Ifeftminjfer Hall and the Two PJoufes of Parlia-ment.	399

LOCAL AND^PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED}

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i.	AN Ad for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland.	Fage 409

i>. Ao Ad for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of GloueeJiert to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Bi/hof9s Cleve, in the faid County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Eve/ham in the County of Worcejler, to the faid Town of Cheltenham. 420

iii.	An Ad for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road

between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge, in the County of Durham.	Ibid.

iv.	An Ad for ereding a Judiciary and County Hall and other

Offices for the County of Roxburgh.	Ibid.

1.	An Ad for repealing an Ad, made in the Thirty fecond Year of His late Majefty, for better lighting and cleanfing the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other Paflages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Horton Folgate otherwife Norton Fo/ley% in the County of Middle/ext which is Extra^parochial,. and regulating

the

Digitized by CjOOQle

The' TITLES of the STATUTES,

* the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.	Page 420

▼i. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Sbaddon Gate near Carlijle to Mulajtdey and to join the Turnpike Road at Ski/I-beck, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

vii. An A ft for repairing the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of Tori, through the Towns of Farm9 Stockton and Sedge-fields to the City of Durham in the County of Durham, and for repealing an A ft paffed in the Twenty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty for repairing the faid Road.	Ibid.

Yiii. An. A ft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the feveral Roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid Afts relate to the Road from Doncafiefr through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcajler Croft in the County of Fork. Ibid.

pc. Aa Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Townfhip or Hamlet of Chieveleyf in the Manor and Parifh of Chieveley9 m the County of Berks.	421

x.	An Aft to continue and amend Three Afts for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda.	.	Ibid.

xi.	An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His

piefent Majefty, To far as the fame relate to the Road from Buck land D inham to Radford Bridge, and from Miifomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillips and from Kilmerfdon to Radfiock in the County of Somerfet.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aft for continuing the Term and amending Two Afts

pafled in the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending the feveral Roads therein deferibed, fo far as the faid Afts relate to the piftrift of Road from Bury to Haflingden, and from thence to Blackburn and WhaUey, all in the County Palatine of Lancafier; anA alfo for making a Branch of Road from Portfield to the Weft End of the Town of Padiham$ in the fame County.	Ibid.

*iii. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, pafled in the Tenth and Twentieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lin-coin.	Ibid.

xiv.	An Aft for repairing, altering and improving the Road from

Titchfield to Cofham, in the County of Southampton	Ibid.

xv.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, pafled in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wak field to Abberford in the County of Fork. Ibid.

xvi.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an

Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Maiefty, for making and repairing feveral Roads leading acrofs the Countv of Stirling.	Ibid.

xvii.	Ah Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of

His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Whit fleet Hill, to the Wilton T ufnpike Road at or near Bqrford in the County of Wilts %	.422

xviii.	Aft

Digitized by Google

[Ltcal & Per final?) 50° GEO. III.

*viH. An Aft for repairing the Road leading from the Eyiysfori Turnpike Road in the Parifh of Sboreham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Seven oaks to Bromley, in the faid County.	Page	412

xix.	An Aft for better a fluffing and collefting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parifh of Lamlrtb, in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof. '	Ibid.

ax. An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts, paiTed in the Twentieth Year of Hi> late Majefty and the Forty third Year of His prefent Majelly, for maintaining the Pubiick Conduits and other Water Works belonging to the Town of Southampton.	Ibid.

xxi.	An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts ol the Ninth and

Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Borough of DorcbeJler, in the County of Dor fit.	Ibid.

xxii.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from Loaner Saint

Crofi Mitt Lane, (on the Road from the City of Winchefier to the Town of Southampton) to Park Gate, on the Road from Southampton to G of tort, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

xxiii.	An Aft for better paving, lighting, cleanfing and watching

the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuifances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Improvements in the faid Town,	Ibid.

xxiv.	An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellef-mere Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the laid Canal

. from Sherry man91 Bridge to £ajlle Well, in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the feveral Afts for making the faid Canal.	Ibid.

xxv.	An Aft for lighting and watching the Town of Bifhop Wear-

mouth and Bifhop Wearmoutb Panns, for cleanfing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Encroachments therein.	423

xxvi.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Eighteenth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching the' Town of Dover, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein.	Ibid.

xxvii.	An Aft for paving, lighting, watching and cleanfing the

Town pf Sunderland near tne Sea, in the County of Durham; for removing the Market; for building a Town Hall or Market Houfe ; and for otherwife improving the faid Town; and for eftablifhing a Watch on the River	Wear.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Aft to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Aft patted for empowering the Commiflioners for paving, cleanfing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of IVeJlminJler and iParts adjacent, to colleft certain Tolls on Sundqys upon the feveral Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxix.	An Aft for conftrufting a Pier or Harbour at or near the

Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth.	Ibid,

xxx.	An Aft for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxi.	An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft, of the Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for embanking, draining and preferving certain Low Grounds iu the Parifti of Lancham,

and

Digitized by

Google

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and other Parities and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham.	Page 423

xxxii.	An Ad to alter and explain an Ad made in the Forty feventh

Year of His prefent Majefty, to enable the Provident Inftitution to fue in the Name of their Managing Diredor, and to enrol Annuities.	Ibid.

xxxiii.	An Ad to amend an Ad inade in the Twenty fixth Year

of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for incorporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society.	Jlfia.

yxxiv. An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads, patted in tjie Fourteenth Year of His late Majefty, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty, 10 far as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncajler in the County of Yorkf to Salter's Brook in the County of Chefier.	424.

xxxv.	An Ad to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads, of His prtr	’ n r	i

Bangor, IVortbcnbury and Hanmert

certaip Houfe therein mentioned in the Parifh of Whitchurch? in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforefaid to Malpas, in the County of Chefier / and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the County of Salob-	Ibidv

xxxvi.	An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from the

Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colne, in ttyc County Palatine of Lancajler; and for continuing the fame Road through Glajburn and Sil/den to 4iddingham and Cocking End, iu the Weft Riding of the County of York.	Ibid

xxxvii.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Eafi Mark*

ham, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid

xxxviii.	An Ad to repeal an Ad made in the Thirteenth Year

of His prefent Majefty, for paving, lighting and cleaning the Town of Brighthelmjlone, in the County of Sujfex, and removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Market; for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coaft fafe and commodious; for landing Coal and Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Proviftons in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Meafures, and building a Town Hall.	Ibid,

xxxix.	An Ad for building a Bridge over the River Wen/um} in

the City of Norwich, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, ia the County of the faid City.	I kid.

xl. An Ad for paving and otherwife improving the Streets and other Publick Paffages within the Town of PontcfraS, in the County of York, for better fupplying the faid Town with Water, and for altering and amendii^, an Ad, pafTed in the Twentieth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, Jin ji8 for dividing the Park of Pontefrad, in the County of York, and for other Pur-pofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

xli. An Ad for watching, and more effedually lighting, cleaniing and otherwife improving the Town of Kingjlon upon Hullt and the Liberty of Trippett and the Lordfhip or Preciud of Myton, in the Parifh of the Holy Trinity, in the faid Town ; and for preventing Nuifances therein ; and alfo for preventing Frauds and

Road from Marchwiel, in the

I m petitions

Digitized by

Google

(Local & Ptrfenal,) ;o° GEO. III.

Impofitions in the Quality, Meafure and Carnage of Coals fold in the (aid Town and the Neighbourhood thereof. Page 425 An Ad for better paring, lighting, cleanfing, watching and otherwife improring the Town of Lowefioft, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

xliii. An Ad for providing an Additional Burial Gi*ound for the Pariih of Saint Luke, Cketfea, in the County of Middlefex. Ibid. *Ht. An Ad for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Pariih of Paddington in the County	of	Middlefex.	Ibid.

llr. An Ad for better aflemng and colleding the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.	Ibid.

xlri, An Ad for improving the Upper End of the Barrier Bunk, on the North Side of the Wajh of the Hundred Feet River, in the Ifle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon. Ibid. xltd. An Ad for improving the Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Saber9s Lode and Wticks9 s Dam Bridge, in the IJle of Ely9 and Counties	of Cambridge	and	Norfolk.	Ibid.

tlm An Ad for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of an Ad, palled in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Pariih of Rumney in the County of Monmouth, and the Pariih of Roath in the County of Glamorgan.	Ibid.

slix. An Ad to continue and amend Three Ads palled in the Twenty fecortd Year of His late Maiefty, and the Fourteenth and Thirty lixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Hoad from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town |of Newcaftle upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional Branches of Road communicating therewith, 426 L An Ad to amend an Ad palled in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River South EJk9 at or near Montrofe.	Ibid.

li. An Ad for enlarging the Powers granted bv His Majefty to the Royal Inftitution of Great Britain, and for extending and more eftedually promoting the Objeds thereof.	Ibid.

Hi. An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of federal Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, and for more effectually repairing, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon.	431

iiii. An Ad to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Famborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars9 Bujb, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresjield\ in the County of Suffex.	432

liv. An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads palled in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Letnsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hit chin, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin aforefaid, all in the County of Hertford.	Ibid.

lv. An Ad for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Pariih of Pulborough,

iu

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

in the County of Sujfex, to the Road running from Worthing t«* Horjham, in the faid County; and from the faid Road running1 from Worthing to Horjham to the Direction Poft in the Parifh 6f Sttyumg* o* tbe Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horjham, in the faid County.	Page	43	2

lvi. An Ad for enlarging the Tferna and Power* df Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford^ and feveral other Road* therein defcribed; and for extending the faid Road* from King9* Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Wejion under Lizard to Newport, in the County of Salop*	Ibid*

lvii. An Ad for more effedually repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Prefon9 in the County Palatine of Lane after.	Ibid.

lviii. An Ad for more effedually repairing and keeping in Repair feveral Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth.	Ibid*

lix. An Ad for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of York9 to Mantjield m the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Workfop to Kelham9 at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid'.

lx. An Ad to amend fo much of an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefly, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Rathdown. 433 lxi. An Ad for amending an Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty for repairing the Road from Buchton Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lammerton Hill» and feveral other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed.	Ibid.

Ixii. An A& to amend feveral Ads for repairing Roads leading to and through the Town of Frome in the County of Somerfetf and for paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within the faid Town, and for removing Part of the prefent Market Place in the faid Town.	Ibid,

Ixiii. An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from Hard-ingjlone te Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton.	Ibid*

lxiv. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Eling and Fawley, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

lxv. An Ad for appointing new Truftees for carrying into Execution the Trufls and Powers of the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Capel Coningejby Earl with Sarah Countefs of EJfex9 his Wife.	Ibid.

lxi	Vd	for	inclofing and exonerating frona Tythes, Lands

in the Parifh of Bletchleyt in the County of Buckingham. Ibid. lxvii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Great Plumfiead and Pofiwick, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

Ixviii. An Ad for paving, lighting, cleanfing and watching the Burgh of Kilmarnock, and Suburbs thereof; for regulating the Police and Markets ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned. lb'ul. Ixix. An Ad for better regulating the Statute Labour within the

County of Stirling.

Digitized by Google

[Local & Perfonal,) 50* GEO.HL /

hx. An Aft to amend feveral Afts of the Thirteenth, Thirty fifth and Thirty feTenth Years of His prefent Majefty, for deepening and making more commodious the Harbour of Aber* deem.	Page 434

Ixxi. An Aft for providing an additional Burying Ground tor the PariJh of Saint John, Hampftead\ in the County of Middlefex. Ibid, lxxii. An Aft for more efFeftually making and repairing certain’ Roads in the Counties of Fife, • Kinrofs, Perth and Clack-mamnan.	•Ibid.

Ixxhi. An Aft for more efFeftually repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and feveral Roads communicating therewith.	Ibid.

lxxiv. An Aft for making amd maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Wijbeeh in the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Town of Tborney in the fame Ifle and County.	Ibid.

lxxv. An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fourteenth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Watt* and for the more effeftuafly preventing Mifcniefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Wejiminfttr, by permitting Johns9 Patent TeiTera to be ufed in the Covering of Houfes and Buildings within the Places therein	mentioned.	Ibid.

\xxvi. An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the (aid Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, palled in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for making the (aid Canal	and	a	Collateral Cut thereto.	436

lxim. An Aft for improving the Barrier Bank on the South Side of Moreton's Learn, between Tower Houfe and Whittlefey Field, in the IJle of Ely fcnd County of Cambridge.	437

lxxviii. An Aft to amend and render more effeftual Two Afts of His late and prefent Majefty for draining, preferring and inclof* ing Lands in March, WimUington and Ufwell, in the Ifle of Ely and County of Cambridge, fo far as the (aid Afts relate to the Firit and Second Diftrifts,therein mentioned.	Ibid.

lxxix. An Aft for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors, Pari dies and Places of North Weflon, Walton and other Places in the County of Somerfet.	Ibid.

ixxx. An Aft for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parifh of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.	'	Ibid.

lixxi. An Aft for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marihes and Fen Lands called or known by the Name of The Afbifmert Level, within the feveral Pari flies of Leiflon, with the Hamlet of Sixewell, Theberton, Dunwich, Weflleton and Middleton cum Fordley, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

lxxxii. An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His preient Majefty, intituled, An A3 for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze in the faid Town.	Ibid.

IxxxiiL An Aft for better lighting, watching, cleanflng and repairing the Highways, and otherwiie improving the Hamlet of Rat• cKfl, in the County of Middlefex, and for repealing an Aft of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majefty relative thereto;

and

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

* fend for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor -Of tire faid Hamlet.	Page	437

lxxxiv. An Ad for better pa*iag and lighting, for eftablifhing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Mid-dUfes*.	Ibid,

Ixxxv. An Ad«to explain and amend an Ad of the Twenty (eventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other Purpofes fa the faid Ad mentioned.	438.

IxXxvi. An Ad for altering and amending 9D Ad, patted in the lift Sefiion of Parliament, for widening and altering Oufe Bridge over the River Oufe, and Fo/s Bridgeover- the River Fofx, in the City of Tori; for widening, railing and improving certain Streets, Lanes and Faflages leading and near rto the fiud Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the faid	City.	Hid.

btxxvii. An Ad for maintaining * Bridge acrofs tbe River Beasdey* to be cad led The Lovat Bridge, fa the County of Invomeft. Ibid. hxxriii. An Ad for making and tnaietatiung a Road partly by an Archway through the East Side of Highgate Bill, communicating with the prefent Turnpike Road from London to Barnet, at Upper Holloway, in the Panlh of Bmint Maty Ifiington, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, in the Panfti of Horufey, in the Couaty of Middlefex.	Ibid.

lxxxtx. An Ad to enable the Birmingham Life A durance and Annuity Office to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.	Ibid.

xc. An A6t to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary.	Ibid.

Xci. An Ad to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of NewcoJUe upon Tyne*	Ibid•

xcii. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ads for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from the Red Houfe, near Doncqfler, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to PontcfraB, and from thence to Wetland, and from PontefraB to Went bridge, all in the Weft Riding of the Couaty of Tori.	Ibid.

tdii. An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlaige the Powers of Two Ads, patted in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick to the Town of Northampton.	439

xciv. An Ad for more effedually amending, widening and repair* ing the Road leading from Ayhjbwry, in the County of Bucking-ham, to Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

xcv. An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of feveral Ads for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to War-mington, and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and fo on to the utmoft Limits of the faid County on Edgehill.	Ifad.

xevi. An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the PowBY of Two Ads of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from the

Townfhip

Digitized by v^ooQle

(Local & Perfonaly) 50° GEO. III.

Townfliip of Huddersfield, in the Weft Riding of the County of 7#ri, to IVoodhcad, in the County Palatine of Chefier, aud from thence to a Bridge over the River Merfey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.	Page 439

xcvii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Aft* of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads therein mentioned* leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth, and for making a New Piece of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

xcriii. An Aft for continuing1 and amending an Aft of the Twenty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence to Willey’s Oaky and from Ktrgjham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lingen aforefaid to Wolford, in the County of Hereford.	Ibid.

xeix. An Aft for more effeftually repairing and improving the Road from Wendovcr to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham.	440

c. An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancafier; and for making a Branch of Road from the faid Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to P ref on ; and another Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hard-man\ both in Turton in the faid	County.	Ibid.

cl An Aft to continue and amend an Aft of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in and near the Town of Brenuton, and other Roads, in the Counties of Smncrfet and Wilts, therein deferibed.	9	Ibid.

ciL An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Alfrcton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parifh of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanjley, in the County of Derby, and from WoolLy Moor to the Chefierfield Turnpike Road at KejMidge, in the laid County of Derby.	Ibid.

cin* An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Afts, palled in the Second, Eleventh and Twenty fecond Yean of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Blyth Marjh, in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Ajbbern to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the Road between Cbcadle and Leek, to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the fame Road to the faid Road between Blyth Marfh and Thorp at or near Ruchill Gate, in the County of Staf* fiord.	Ibid.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts, pafiTed in the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Botham tionfe, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.	441

ct. An Aft for enabling the Truftees of George Earl of Coven-try, to cut down and fell Timber on the Eftatesdevifed to him for Life by the Will of hi9 late	Father, deceafed.	Ibid.

Cti. An Aft for vefting the legal Fee of certain Eftates deyifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard Late Lord Pen-50 Geo. Ill,	b	rhyn,

Digitized by Google

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

rhyn, and now veiled in William Norris Efquire, in William Lc Blanc and his Heirs, upon the Trufts fubfiftirig or capable of taking Effeft in the faid Eft ales.	Page 441

evii. An Aft for veiling certain Trufl Eftates in the furviving Truftee under the Will of jElizabeth Boddington, deceafed.	Ibid.

cviii. An Aft for incorporating fhe Archbifhop of Cafbel, the Bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, the Bifliqp of OJfory$ and the Dean of 'OJfory, and their refpeftive Succefiors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called by the Name of * The Truftees of the 4 Afylum in ’the City of Kilkenny/ founded by James Swhfir Efquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and ufeful Inftitution, according to the Provifious of a certain Truft Deed, executed by the faid James Switfir,	Ibid•

feix. An Aft for veiling a MefTuage and Premifes near Liverpool, in the County of Lancafler, deviled by the Will of John Sparling Efquire deceafed, in Truftees in trail to fell the fame, and to layout the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates. Ibid1 Ox. An Aft to confirm and eftabliih certain Inclofures of Lands* within the Parilh of Rojjfington, in the Weft Riding of the County of York ; and alfo to eneftuatean Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgeftes of the Borough of Doncajler, and the Reftor of	Rojftngton aforefaid.	Ibid.

exi. An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Parifh of Newnton Blojfom* vide otherwife Newton BlrJfomvilUy in the County of Bucking-ham.	Ibid•

'CXii. An Aft for allotting Lands in the Pariih of Tcllefcomb other-wife Telfcombe, in the County of Sufex.	442

kcxiii. An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Pariihes oi Tidenbam, Wool-ajlone and Lancaut, in the County of Gloucejler.	Ibid„

cxiv. An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Liberty of Berrick Priory and in the Manor and Pariih of New'mgton9 in the County of Qyf\«/,	Hid*

Vxv. - An Aft for mtlofing Lands in the F<ariihea of Codisote9 Welwyn and 'Knebworth9 in	the	County of Hertford,	Ibid.

cxvi. An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the I^riihes<of‘CZ*<W^ry and Colva, in the County of Radnor.	Ibid,

cxvii. An Aft for incloiing the Open	Fields of	Ntwbold	Verdun

and New bold Heath, in the County	of	JLeice/ler,	Ibid.

cxviii. An Aft for indofing Lands	in	the Pariihes	of	tEnbeme*

Hamlead Marjhally Inkpcn and Kintbury, in the County of B.rks.	Ibid.

txix. An Aft Tor amendhig an Aft pafted in the Thirty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Relief and .Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford9>in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

cxx. An Aft for better regulating the. Statute Labour in the County of Forfar.	.Ibid.

exxi. An Aft for more efE&ually repaying the Roads in the County of Forfar.	.	443

Cxxii. An Aft for making<aod maintaining a Navigable .Canal from the Union Canal, in the Pariih of- C tunley, in the ■ County pf It\ce!ftr> to join the Grand iu oft ion* Caoal near L<m% Buchby9 in the County of N*rib'**pton ,• and fommaidnga Collateral Cut from the hud intended Canal.	/Ibid.

•	oanriii.	An

Digitized by Google

{Local to* Pcrjonal,) GEO. III.

ctx'ii An Aft for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Monmouth ; and for making other Railways therein meniioned in the Counties of Gloucejler and Monmouth. Page 443 jcrxir. An Aft for making and maintaining .a Tunnel or Road under the River Severn, from the Parifli of Newoham to the Parifli of JLrjingham, in the County of Gloucester.	Ibid.

cut. An Aft for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South Weft Parts of the Middle jLered, Part of the Great Level of the Feus commonly called Bedford fend. Ibid. cuvi. An Aft fpr inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Leverton, in the County of Uneoln ; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank pritfun the faid ParHh.	Hid.

cxxviL An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Farkb of Leak, in the County of Lincoln ; and for providing for the Repair of the New Sea Bank within the laid Parifli.	Ibid.

cxxviii. An Aft for amending) enlarging and rendering more effectual an Aft pafled in the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, for the effeftual draining and preferring of a certain Fen called Caw die Fen, and other Fen Grounds in the Jflcof Ely, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

cxxix. An Aft for amending and rendering mote effe&wl an Aft of Ifi$ ,prefcnt Majefty, far dividing and allotting cmats Fens, called The Eafi and Weft Fens, in the County of Lincoln ; and for dividing and inclofing the Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds belonging to and in certain Parkhes having Right of Common on the laid Fens, and for declaring .to what iParvlhes fucb Allotments fiiall belong.	Hid.

cm. An Aft to amend and ^render more cfthftual an Aft of His prefcnt Majefty, for erefting a new Church, to .be called Chrll Church, in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; and for providing a Maintenance and Refidence for the Mi rafter or perpetual Curate thereof.	444

cxxxi. An Aft for the more equally affdBng and o&Befting the Poor Rates within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Towny in the Patifh of Saint D unfan St ebon Heath jotherwife Stepney, in the County of Middlcfexy to alter, enlarge or repair a Woi^kboufe or Work-houfesofthefaid Hamlet, and managing.tbeCoocems thereof. Ibid. Ctxxii. An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Wejl Middltfex Waterworks to raifc .a further Sum of Money; and to alter, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of His prefcnt Majefty, for making the •faid Waterworks; and for extending the fame.	Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Aft fpr enlarging the Tnan and Powers of an Aft of His prefcnt Majefty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, through Mcackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury.	Ibid.

trxxiv. An Aft to amend an Aft, paffed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Tuntpjkc Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone. Jlid. •gtxxv. Ad Aft for continuing the Term ao^ altering and enlxrg-the Bp wets of Tyro Afts of His^prefeot Majefty, for respiring certain Roads lying in the Counties of l^scaflrr and

b 1	Warwick

Digitized by Google

XX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Warwtcit aod in the County of the City of Coventry; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick.	Page	444.

cxxxri. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called TJlrad, in the Pariftt of Lanfahon, in the County of Glamorgan, to Pontymoil, near the Town of P only fool, in the County of Monmouth, with a collateral Branch tojoin the Newport Turnpike Road at Rifca, in the County of Monmouth; and for building a Bridge at or near TJlrad aforefaid, and another Bridge nemr Penllwyn, in the County of Monmouth.	445

cxxxvii. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from Bran-dlefome Mofs Gate, in the Townfhip of Elton, to the Duke of Tork*% Publick Houfe, in the Towninip of Blackburn, and Three , federal Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lasuafer.	Ibid1

cxxxviii. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad palled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An AS to vejl the fettled Eftates of Johu Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint,, tn Trujleer in Trujl to be fold for the Payment of Debts aJfcQing the fame, and bis other fettled Eftates ; and after Payment thereof , for the Invejlmeht of the Reft due of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale, m the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be conveyed to the Ufes of the feud fettled EJlates ; andfor other Purpofes therein mentioned. Ibid cxxxix. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Dymercbiony in the County of Flint.	Ibid

cxl. An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Parilh of Cub bam, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid

cxli. An Ad for paving the Footways and Crofs>paths, and lighting, deanfing and regulating the Streets, JLanes and other Publick Paflages and Places in the Town and Parilh of Romfey Infraf and in the Parilh of Romfey Extra, in the County of Southampton. Ibid. cxlii. An Ad for inclofing, draining and preferring Lands in the Parilh of Tbirne in the County of Norfolk.	,	Ibid.

Cxliii. An Ad for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effedual draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Wimblinfton, in the Parilh of Dodcbngton, and in the Parilh of Chatteris, in the IJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, fo far as the (aid Ad relates to the Lands in the Second Diftrid therein deferibed.	446

cxliv. An Ad for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Ad palled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, relating to the Execution of the Commiffion of Sewers for the Limits from Eaft Moulfey in Surrey, to Ravenfbome in Kent.	Una.

cxlv. An Ad for repairing or rebuilding the Parilh Church of Stock-port in the County Palatine of Chefter, and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Ufe of the (aid Parilh.	Ibid.

cxlvi. An Ad for better and more effedually paring, lighting, cleanf-ing watching and otherwife improving the Streets, Ways and other Publick Paflages and Places in the City and County of the City of Exeter.	Ibid.

cxlrii. An

Digitized by Google

{Local (if Pnfonaly) 50* GEO. III.

cxlfii. An AA for forming, paving, and otherwife improving certain Stmts* and other Pubbck Paffages and Places, in the Parifh of SauU Pamcrai in the County of Middlefex, which are or (hall be , made upon Ground belonging to Jofepb Lucas Efquire. Pare 446 Calvin. An Ad to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two , Ads, pafled for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames or Ifs, at or near the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Carnal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of Wilts, and alfb certain navigable Cuts therein defcribed. Ibid. cxHx. An Ad for making mor effedual Provifion for lighting, watching, paving, deanfing, regulating and improving the Streets / and other Public* Places in the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the County ' of Mtddlefex.	Ibid.

cL An Ad for fupplying with Water Upper and Lower Hollo way, Highbury, Connor bury. Upper IJlington, and their refpedive Vicinities, all in the Parifh of Saint Mary, IJlington, in the County of Mtddlefex, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

dL An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the feveral Ads pafled for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of t London.	447

cHL An Ad for authorizing the Removal of the Infirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the iTown of Naas.	Ibid.

diii. An Ad for repealing an Ad pafled in the Thirty third Year of His pnefent Majefty, intituled An AS. for amending, improving and keeping in Repair feveral Roads leading to and from the City of Bath; and for granting other Powers for more effedually improving the feveral Roads therein defcribed, being in and leading to and from the faid City.	Ibid.

cKv. An Ad for more effedually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Diredion roft in Kingjlhorbe, in the County of Northampton, to Welford Bridge in the fame fcounty.	Ibid.

civ. An Ad to enable Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mil dm ay Baronet, to exercife certain rowers of jointuring and charging certain fettled Eftates in the	County	of EJfex	with	Portions for

younger Children.	Ibid.

dvi. An Ad for veiling certain fettled Eflates late the Property of Sufanna Hake deceafea, in Truftees to be fold, and the Money arif-ing from fuch Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Partiea entitled to the (aid Eftates.	Ibid.

dviL An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Divifions of Lewknor and PoJUomb, in the Parifh of Lewknor in the County of Oxford. Ibid. dviii. An Ad for inclofing Lands	in the	Parifh	of	Kidlington	in the

County of Oxford.	Ibid.

dix. An Ad for iudofing Lauds in the Parifhcs of Stainton and Edlington, in the Weft Riding of the County of 7'orh.	448

dx. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cheadle, m the County Palatine of Chsjltr.	Ibid.

b 3	^	dxi.	‘An

Digitized by v^ooQle

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

clrtt. An Aft for inclofing Land* in the Pariih of Rothhvry% in the County of Northumberland,	Fogc 448

rftffi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoe, and m the Pariih of Ovingham, in the County of No rihnm Ml and.	Ibid.

chin. An Ad for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be called1, “ The Gas u Light and Coke Company,” for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procormgr Coke, Orl, Tar, Pitch, Afphahum, Ammoniacai Liquor, and effential Oil, from Coal, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

clxiv. An Aft for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Curfi-tors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery ; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the faid Court; and for making Provjfion for fuch of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service, or from Age or Infirmity, are or Avail be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provifion for other Officers of the faid Court; and for making other Payments in refped of the faid Offices.	463

dxv. An Aft to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad palled in the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for bettor fupplytiig the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Townfhip of Bootle, in the County Palatine of	Lancajler.	477

clxvi. Art Aft for amending an Aft of the Twenty fecond Year of His late Majefty, Ring Charles the Second, fo far as the fame relates to the River Brandon otherwise the Leffcr Ouze, from the Whtte Hoafe near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the faid River.	478

clxvii. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Arts of His prefent Maiefty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenock, and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police 5 and for other	Purpofes mentioned in the faid Afts.	Ibid.

dxviii. An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton.	Ibid.

dxix. An Aft to amend an Aft, made in the Tenth Year of His prefent Maiefty, for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Paflages in the Town of Southampton.	Ibid.

dxx. An Att for paving and otherwife improving certain Streets, and other publick Paflages and Places, which are or {hall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Thomas Harrifon Efquire, fituate in the Parifh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Aliddlefex.	Ibid.

dxxi. An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Afhfcrd to or near to Buxton, in the County of Derby.	Ibid%

clxxii. An Aft for confirming and carrying into Effeft an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of Gordon, and by Sir Alexander Penrofe Cuturning Gordon Baronet, dcceafed;

?	and

Digitized by Google

{Local to* Per fatal50* GEO. IS.

•riS for enabling Sir William Gordon Cummrig Gordon Bfcronet, •nd Charles Lennox Camming El quire, and their nefpedive Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their relpedive Entailed Eftates, under the Authority and by the Directions of the Court of Seffion in Scotland*	P*g* 478

clxxiii. An Ad for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Eft ate 8 of the Mo ft Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the Counties of Surrey, Sujfcx and Middhfex, for Parts of his Settled Eftates in the County of Tort; and for veiling feveial MelTuages and Lands, other Parts of the faid Duke’s Settled Edates, in the hud Counties of Tork, Sujftx and Middlefex, and in the County of Nottingham, in trull to fell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchafe of more convenient Eftates.	Ihid\

dxxiv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cirencefer in the County of Gloucefler to Wootton Balfeti in the County of Wilts, and a Branch of Road from the Malmcf-bury and Cirencejler Turnpike Road near Crudwell Church to com* municate with the Turnpike Road leading from CricUade to Malmejhury at or near Minety Common.	479

dxxr. An Ad for veHing certain Eftates in the County of Kent9 late of Henry Lyell Eiquire, deceafed, in Truftee9, to be fold, and for applying the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, for defraying the Expences of inclofmg certain Lands in the County of Cambridge and for invefting the Surplus Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fubftilfog Uf?a of the Will and Codicils of the faid Henry Lyell.	Ibid.

clxxvi. An Ad for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and their Leflecs, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to grant building and repairing Leafes of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey ; pur-fuant to an Agreement entered into for thofe Purpofes. Ibid. dxxvii. An Ad for enabling Jane Player Widow, and others, to grant Leafes of certain Eftates at or near Ryde in the IJle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, devifed by the Will of the late William Player Efquire, purfuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe, and alfo to grant Building Leafes of other Parts of the fame Eftates.	Ibid*

dxxviii. An Ad for difeharging the Eftate of George Frederick Stratton Efquire, in the Parilh of Great Teiv, in the County of Oxford, from certain Trufts thereof, and for fubftituting another Eftate in the fame County in lieu thereof.	Ibid\

dixix. An Ad for veiling feveral Fee Farp^Rents or Annual Sums* devifed by the Will of Robert Scolt/S^mrc, deceafed, in Truf-tecs, upon Truft to be fold; and fo^'taying out the Purchafe Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the former Ufes.	Ibid.

chtxx. An Ad for vefling certain Eftates in the CouBtfes of Stafford, Salop, Chejler and Buckingham, late of the Reverend Richard Lroett, Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrd, Spinfter, in Trqftees, upon truft to fell the fame ; and to lay out the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in	the Purchafe	of other Eftates.	480

dmL An Ad for effeduating a Partition of ceitain fettled Elates

b 4	of

Digitized by CjOOQle

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of David Rofs Efquire, deceafed, fituate in the County of Dovon in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England.	Page 480

clxxxii. An Ad for effeduating a Partition direded by the Court of Chancery of certain Eftates fituate in the County of Monmouth , deviled by the Wills of John Blewitt Efquire, and Frances Fettiflace, deceafed. #	Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Trufteea of H nry Smith Efquire, deceafed, and Henry Woodgate Efquire, of Eftates in the County of Kent.	Ibid„

clxxxiv. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhipa of Great Longjlone, Little Longjlone and Wardloiv> in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

clxxxv. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Wring-tonf Tatton and Kenn, in the County’of Somerfet.	Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Caereinion Ifcoed, in the County of Montgomery.	Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Ad for more effedually cleanfing, lighting and * etching the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcomhe Regis in the County of Dor/et, and removing Incroachments and Annoyances therein 5 for licenfing and regulating Chairmen and other Perfons plying for Hire ; for eftablifhmg Markets 5 and for giving further Powers to the Quay Mailer of the Harbour of the faid Town.	Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Ad to continue for Two Years an Ad patted in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for preventing the Right of Presentation to the Redory and Parifh of Simonburnt in the County of Northumberland, from lapfing, for a limited Time.	Ibid.

clxxxix. An Ad to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad patted in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for atteffing the Proprietors of Lands iti the County of Rofs% towards the Ex-penee of making and fupporting certain Roads and Bridget therein, and of an Ad patted in the Forty feventh Year of Hit prefent Majefty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Rofs and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally	fituated in the County	of Rofs.	481

cxc. An Ad to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of fo much of an Ad, patted in the Fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, as relates to the maintaining, reg(dating and employing the Poor within the Parifh of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

cxci. An Ad for extinguifhing all Right of Common in, over and upon certain Parcels of Land in Saint George*s Fields, in the County of Surrey 5 and for repealing fo much /)f Two Ads patted in the Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of His pre-ient Majefty, as prevents the ereding Buildings on certain Parts of the faid Parcels of Land, within a limited Diftance from the Sides of fuch of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon; and for improving Saint George*s Fields aforefaid.	Ibid.

cxcii. An Ad for the better Management of the Foundling Hofpital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Ad patted in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance

of

Digitized by Google

(Local & Perfonal,) 50° GEO. III.

-	of the Foundling Hofpital in Dublin; and for amending and

further continuing an Ad, patted in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majeftr, for the better Management of the Workhoufe and Foundling Hofpital in Dublin.	Page	481

cxciii. An Ad to incorporate and regulate an Jnftitution, to be called “ The Belfafi Academical Institution” for affording to Youth a Claflical and Mercantile Education.	Ibid\

cxciv. An Att to alter, amend and render more effedual Two Ads of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majefty, and the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefly, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, in the IJU of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Oufe9 and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mefally Wicham, Wentwortb9 IV'ickfordy Ely, Downham and Lit deport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Con-fenrators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bed-ford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforefaid, called Invefted Lands.	Ibid.

Oct. An Ad for veiling a certain Plot of Land on Wandon other-wife Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Mod Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the fame and certain Effates of the faid Duke with a perpetuu Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwaniens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parilh of Wandon otherwife Woven-don in the faid County, in Manner and upon the Trulls therein mentioned.	48	a

cacvi. An Ad for veiling the fettled Effates at Eltham9 in the County of Kent9 of the Right Honourable George AuouJlus Henry Anne Lord Rancliffe9 in Truftees upon Truft, to fell the fame, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leafes of the fame, for the Purpofe of building; and to lay out the Monies" arifing by fuch . Sales in the Purchafe of other Effates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

excvii. An Ad for exchai^ing the entailed Eftate of the Right Honourable Amabell Baronefs Lucas 9 in the County of Wilts 9 for other Effates of the faid Baronefs Lucas, the Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Granthamf and the Right Honourable Thomas Philip Lord Grantham, in the Counties of Ejffex and

-	Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement

ofthe faid	Effates in the Counties of Effex and Suffolk.	Ibid.

cxcviii. An Ad for vefting the Leafe of the Governors of Bethlem Hofpital in the Scite of the Hofpital, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was . granted; and for authorizing the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain Lands in Saint George*s Fields, in lien thereof, to Truftees for the Governors of the faid Hofpital for the like Term, for the Purpofe of ereding a new Hofpital thereon on	an enlarged Scale.	Ibid.

cxcix. An Ad for empowering the furviving Truftees under the Will of Robert Aujlen Efquire, deceafed, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the devifed Effates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of Effates,

. to be fettled to the fubfifting Ufes of the fame Will.	Ibid.

cc. An Ad for enabling George Byng Efquire, and others, to grant

Building

Digitized by

Google





The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Building Leafes of certain Lands and Premifes, fituate in the

IJle of Dogs♦ in the County of Middlefex.	Pag* 48	a

cci. An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Slafiton, in the Comity of Buckingham, and within the Hamlet of Norton, lyinjr in the fame Parifh, and in the feveral Parifhes of Ivinghoe, EddleJ^ borough and Pighilejl borne, in the fame County.	483

Ccii. An Aft for inclofing Whitchurch Common, and other Waile Lands in the Parifh of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. Ibid. cciii. An A ft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Powers of the Commiflianers appointed in purfuance of an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiffioners aft* ing in purfuance of an Agreement between the Eaf India Com* pany and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effirft.	Ibid.

cciv. An Aft tor amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, patted in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His prefent Majefty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames Weftward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for the further Improvement of the (aid Navigation.	Ibid•

ccv. An Aft to explain an Aft of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for th^ more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, fo far as relates to the lighting of Rutland Square in the faid City.	Ibid,

ccvi. An Aft for cftahlifhiog a Cattle Market within the Town of Wifbech, in the IJle of Ely ; for taking down and removing the Shambles therein ; for paving, cleanfmg, lighting and watching the faid Town, and removing Nuifances therein; for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wtjbech\ and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto.	Ibid.

Ccvii. An Aft for maintaining and improving the Docks and Ware-houfes, called the Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehoufes t# communicate therewith, all in the Parifti of Saint Mary Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

ccviii. An Aft for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor within th<? Parifh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlefex ; for better lighting, watching, paving, cleanfmg, repairing and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the laid Parifh ; and foi repealing Three Afts feverally patted in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Fifteenth Year9 of His prefent Majefty relative thereto. 522 ccix. An Aft for more equally and effectually affefling and colled-ing the Poor Rates within the Parifh of Saint Botolph without did* gate, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

ccx. An Aft for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucefier, and from Swerjord Gate, in the County of Oxford, to the Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.	523

ccxi. An Aft for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Trultees of Henry Smith's Chanty and John Newn* haw Efquirc, of divers EiUtes in Worth and Balcombe, other*

wilt

(Local t*f Perjtmol,) $0° GEO. III.

wife Bonhomie, Ardinghy, Crawley and If eld, m the County of Sojjfcx.	Page C2J

ccxh. An Aft for inclofing Land* within the Parifhes ofTrelfcck> Benoit, Mitchel Troy, Cwmcarvan, Landogo, Tintern and Lainejhen, in the County of Monmouth.	/£/</.

ccxiii. An Aft for indofmg Lands in the Manor of Nether Kellet, in the Parrifh of	the Sands, in the County Palatine of

Lancajler.	Ibid.

ccxiv. An Aft for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lanet upon the Conditions and under the Regulations therein mentioned.	Ibid.

eexv. Air Aft to alter and amend the Lidney and Ltdbrooh Railway Aft, to vary certain Parts of the faid Railway, and to extend the fame from I/tdbrook to Bi/hopfs Wood, and from the Lower Forge to the Crofs Pill, and tor making a Bafon and Canal to communicate with the	River	Severn at Nafs Point.	538

eexvi. An Aft for eftablifhing a Chapel of feafe at Tremaaoc, in the Chapelry of Tnyftynhaiarn, in the County of Carnarvon. Ibid. ccxvii. An Aft for removing One of the Truftees of the fettled Eftates and the other fettled Property of the Reverend Richard Burton Burton PhilUpfon, and for vefting the fame in other Truftees, and for enabling the High Court of Chancery to appoint new Truftees.	Ibid.

ccxviii. An Aft for difafforefting the Foreft of South otherwHe Rajl Bert otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton, and for in-doling the Open Commonable Lands within the laid Foreft. 339

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

t• AN Aft to di Solve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry IVellefley with the Right Honourable Lady Charlotte Wellejley, his now Wife, and to enable him 'to marry again \ and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

2.	An Aft for naturalizing Fredrick Fredricks.

3.	An Aft for indoling Lands in the Parifhes of Taxham, IVeJl-Jield, Whinbergh and Garvejlone, in the County of Norfolk.

4.	An Aft for naturalizing Philip Jacob Ifeifch.

5.	An Aft for naturalizing John Simon Brandjlrom.

6.	An Aft for inclofiug Lauds in Glajfon, in the County of Cumber-land.

7.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in Kir kb ride, in the County of Cum• her land.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

8.	An Aft for iuclofing Lands in the Parifh of Warllington9 in the County of Southdrhpton.

9.	An Aft for naturalizing Samuel Henry Staudenmayer.

10.	An Aft for naturalizing William Lagemann.

I	c. An Aft for naturalizing Charles William Neuman.

42.	An Act for naturalizing Andrew Rcinboldt af Uhr.

Digitized by Google

13. An

sxviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

13.	An Alt for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Blechingley and Horne, in the County of Surrey.

14.	An Alt for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stanway, in the County of Gloucefier.

[ And for making Compenfation for Ttthes.]

15.	An Alt for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Tollerton,

in the Parifh of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of Tori.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes A

16.	An Alt for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Thuxton, in the County of Norfolk.

17.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Hamlet or Townfhip of IVbitfield, in the Manor and Parifh of GUJfop, in the County of Derby.

x8. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Chit-terne Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Hajlingfield, in the County of Cambridge.

10. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Lewijham, in the County of Kent.

21.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Hem/ly, in the County of Norfolk.

22.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Hardley and Langley, in the County of Norfolk.

23.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Badfwortb, in the County of Tork.

24.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Holt» in the County of Worccjler.

15. An Ad for inclofing Lands in Hunjhelf in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork•

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.

26. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Attereliffe and Darnal, in the Parifh of Sheffield, in the County of Tork.

17. An Ad for inclofing the Common Fields, Common and Wafte Grounds, within the Manor and Townfhip of Garforth, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

28.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sedgberrow, in the County of Worcefer.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes."]

29.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sellinge, in the County of Kent.

[Allotment to His Majefiy.]

30.	An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Barley, in the County of Hertford.

31.	An Ad for naturalizing Paul William Bertheau.

32.	An Ad for naturalizing Frederick James Horn.

33.	An Ad for naturalizing Frederick Sack.

34.	An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifhes of Leifion and Theberton, in the County of Suffolk.

35.	An Ad for inclofing Lapds in the Manor of Amberley, in the County of Suffex.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

36.	An Ad for inclofing Lands iu the Manor of Brundholme, in the County of Cumberland,

37.	An

Digitized by Google

(Local y Perfona!,	printed,)	j00	GEO. III.

37.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifhes of Llangunnor and Llanddarog, in the County of Carmarthen.

38.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Thor• imgton, in the County of EJfex.

[And for making Compenfationfor Tithes.1

39.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Ronton, in the Gfcnty of Bedford'.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes."]

• 40. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Hamlet of Penfham, in the Parifh of Saint Andrew in Perjhore, in the County of Worcejter.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

41. An Ad for inciofing Lands m the Parifh of Walditch, in the County of Dorfet.

4a. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Alvington, in the County of Gloucejler.

[And for malint Compenfation for Tithes. ]

43.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Horlcy, in the County of Surrey.

44.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Manor of Allerpeverell, in the Parifh of Columpton, in the County of Devon.

45.	An Ad for inciofing Lands within the Manor of Bonehill otherwife Bunbilly in the Parifh of Bromfgrove, in the County of Worcefter.

46.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in Portfea, in the County of South-ampton.

47.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Friday thorpe, in the Eaft Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

48.	An Ad for inciofing Lands within the Manor of Soulby, in the County of Wejhnorlana.

49.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Townfhip of Wath upon Deane, in the County of York.

JO. An Ad for inciofing Lands in that Part of the Parifh of Bojlon» in the County of Lincoln, called BoJ\oq Eaft.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

51.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Townfhip and Parifh of Gib Bng, in Richmondfbire, in the County of York.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

52.	An Ad for inciofing the Commons and Wafte Lands in the Manors of Glyndyfrdwy otherwife Glyndwrdwy, Rug and Gwydde Uvern, in the County of Merioneth.

53.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Fijhtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for mating Compenfation for Tithes. ]

54.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Gosforth, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

55.	An Ad for confirming and eftablifhing the Divifion and Indo-fure of certain Lands in the Townfhip of Great Sheepey, in the Parifh of Sheepey, in the County of Letcejler.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes."]

j6. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifhes of Llanaber, Lland-dwywe, Llanenddwyn, Llanbedr and Llanfair, in the County of Merioneth.

[Allotment to the Kingin lieuof bit Right and Intereft in the Soil.]

10	57.	An

Digitized by Google



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

J7* An Aft for inclofing Lands ip the Parifh of Luton Cherny* hi the County of Dorfet.

58.	An Aft for allotting Lands «n the Parifhes of Wlntmrhnrm Steip and Stapltford, in the County of Wilts*

59.	An Aft for inclofing Land* in the Parifh of Wefton fuper Mare* in the County of Somsrfet.

60.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sibfey, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Comgemfation for Tithes« A^? Lafe °f Vicarial Allotments without C^nfeot of the King* as Patron of the Vicarage

of Sibfey.]

61.	An Aft to enable Egbert Gordon Efquire, and Efizabelh Anne bis Wife, notwithftanding the Minority of the faid Elizabeth A/ine Gordon, to make a Settlement of her Eftates, purfuaut to Articles entered into previoufly to their Marriage.

62.	An Aft for inclafiog Lands in the Townfhip of Thorp Audfin9 in the Parifh of Badfworlh, iu the Weft Riding of the County-of York.

[And for making Compenffion for Tithes. Allotment to the King in right of His Duchy of Laocafter, ms Lord of the Honor of Pontrefraft.]

63.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Datchct, in the County of Buckingham.

[ And for making Compenfalion for Tithes.']

«4- An Aft for confirming and eftabliflimg the Divtfon, Allotment and Inclofure	certain	Common	or	Parcel of Wafte Land

called Mare kffWh and other Wafte Lands within the Manor and Parifh of Mare, in the County of Stafford.

65.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Saddle worthy in the Weft •Riding of the County of Tori.

66.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Parifhes of Stoic Pages aud Wexham, in the County *of Buckingham..

\_Avd fjr making Compenfalion far fitJ^cs.]

67.	An Aft for dividing aud allotting Lands in the Pariih of Iclleton* in the County of Cambridge•

[ And for making Compcrfetion for Tithes*]

68.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Teverjbam, in the 'County of Cambridge.

[And for snaking Compenfation far Tithes.]

69.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townships of Wejl Catting• with and Thorganby, in the Pariih of Thorganby, in the Eaft Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compcnfation for Tithes.]

70.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Gow$borft% in the Parifh of Bifbop Wilton, in the County of Ybrk.

[And for making Compel fat lost for Tithes.]

■71. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Gayton other-wife Qeyton, in the County of Norfolk.

72.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Tibbenton, in 'the County of IVorceJler.

[And for making Compenfalion for Tttjxs.]

73.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the TWo/hips of JlMtom don» y:rs9 Raintcn with Newby and Mclmerby* in the North jLiding of the County of Tori,

74.	Aa

Digitized by Google



[Local Perfonaljtftci printed,) 50° GEO. ill.

An Aft for indoftng Lands in the Parifh of Kingfiauy in tie County of Cambridge.

[And for mdk'tng Compenfatten for Tribes."]

75.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Pitton and Farley in the County of Wilts.

76.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wcff Monktony in tfc^?ounty of Somerfet.

77.	Wh Aft for naturalizing Peter Maze.

78.	An Aft for naturalizing Andrew Sandmark.

79.	An Aft for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seffion in Scotland to Sell certain Parts of the Lands contained in a Deed of Entail made by the late John Earl of Hyndford, and to apply the Price to be received for the faid Parts in the Purchafe of the Lands of Scotjlon lying contiguous to the faid entailed Ellates, and to apply any Surplus of the faid Price in manuer therein men-

• tioned.

80.	An Aft for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Eftate of John Powell Efquire, fituate in the County of Salop9 for other his fettled Edates in the County of Montgomery.

8f. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Town (hip of Stephtony in the Parifh of Preffeigny in the County of Hereford.

82.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wigmorey in the County of Hereford.

83.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Eckingtony in the County of Worcejler.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

84.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor ^t^yf/bridge, in the

County of Wilts.	1

85.	An Aft to diffoive the Marriage of William Guard Efquire, with Margaret Letitia his now Wire, and to enable him lo marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

86.	An Aft for veiling the Manor of Pembroke otherwife Monktnn% and other Hereditaments in the County of Pembroke, granted by Queen Elizabeth to Robert Earl of EJfexy and the Heirs Male of the Body of Sir Walter J)evereuxy Lord of Ferrers and Chartclcy, in Truflees to be conveyed to John Owen Efquire, for the Con-fideration therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arif-ing thereby in the Purchafe of other Eflates to be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Ufes.

87.	An Aft for inclofing Wafle Lands within the Manor of Walt-ham Saint Lawrencey and alfo in fo much of the Minor of Hall as lies within the Parifh of Waltham Saint Lawrcncey in the County of Berks.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

88.	An Aft for inclofing a cerlain Common or Waile Ground called Battisfcrd Tyey in the Parifh of Battisford, in the County of Suffolk.

89.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Launlony in the County of Oxford.

90 An Aft to amend, alter and explain an Act *, pnfiVd in the • 4*0.8.c. 54* Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefly, for inclofing Lands in F* the Townfhip of Langfordy in the Counties of Berks and Oxfordy • or one of them.

•	91.	An

Digitized by

Gc ;le

xxxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES, See.

91.	An Aft for naturalizing the Right Honourable Catherine Coos* tefs of Pembroke and Montgomery.

92.	An Aft for naturalizing Andrew Jojeph Gofli Carrighan.

93.	An A ft for naturalizing Paul Theodore Favre.

94.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifh of fPitbcall, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. No Leafe of rial Allotments without Confent of the King> as Patron of tm&ec~ tory of Withcall.]

95.	An Aft for naturalizing Mans George Gron.

96.	An Aft for naturalizing Johann Cbrijlian Burch bardt.

THE

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

. Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagefimo,

*	A T the Parliament begun and holden at Weftmi^fter, the Twenty 4 xY feconddayof June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty feTenth 4 Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by 4 the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ; and from thence continued

4 by feveral Prorogations, to the Twenty third day of January 1810, *

*	being the Fourth Seflion of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An A&for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and SnuiT, in Great Britain ; and on Pen-fjons, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England j for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

[ 20th February 181 o.]

[See 49 G. 3. r. I. to which this A8 (except the Dates, and except the Recital of 49 G. 3. c. S5* tn Seftiort 19. in addition to the 48 G. 3. c. 102. appointing Commifioners, and the Recital of the 49 G. 3, c* 1. as continuing the Duties) is in all Ref peelsfimilar.^

CAP* II.

An A€t for railing the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thou- ' fand Poun& by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for tne Year One thoufand eight hundred arid ten.

[12th March ,1810.]

“ Treafuryimpowered to raife 10,500,000/. by Exchequer Bills, in “ Manner prelcribed by 48 G» 3. c. 1.—i, 2. Priucipal of faid Bills 44 charged on Firft Supplies of next Seflion. y 3. Intereil thereon of 44 3 \pcr Cent, per Diem. § 4, Said Bills *0 be current at the Exche-44 quer, ficc. after April 5, 1811. § 5. Bank of England empowered 44 to advance 6,500,000/. on the Credit of this A&, no twith Handing 44 5 k6W. Sc M. c. 20w—§ 6. A& may be altered or repealed thii 14 Seflion. §7.	1

CAP. III.

An A&for raifing the Sum of One Million five hundred thoufand Pounds,. by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eigluJiundred and ten.

[12th March 18x0.] [On the like Terms as under c. 2. of this Sejpon^]

50 Geo. III.	B	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

A'D.tSio.

<tO-3. c. 7-

«*o»rtinuerT a« 10 l)«c. 31, 1810.

Hi* Majrftjr, alter O^t. I, 1810, may permit DiBiUattoa from (inin (Wheat exc**pt-cH), Jiutl may ex-teud the Time of Prohibition.

C. it 5.	50’	GEO. III.

CAP. IV.

An AQ. to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themleives for Offices and Employments ; and for ejcteitdidg the Times limited for thofe Pur-pofes refpe6Hvefy, until the Twenty fifth Day of MamdbOr.c thoufand eight hundred and eleven ; and to permit Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-toniies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firlt Day of Hilary Term one thoufand eight hundred and eleven.	[ ath March ifrio.]

C A P. V.

An A£l to prohibit the Diftiilation of Spirits from Com or Grain in Great Britain, for a limited Time » and to continue, ur.til Four Mouths after the Expiration of fuch Prohibition, an A& of the laft Seffion of Parliament,** fufpend the Importation of Britijh or IriJlj~ind.de Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland rcfpecUvcly.	[12th	March 1810.]

*	"I TTHEREAS it is expedient that the Provifions of an Ad 4 VV parted in the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled. An Act

*	to prohibit the Diftiilation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in tlx United

*	Kingdom for a limited Time, fhould be continued for a Time to be

*	limited, as far as the fame regard Great Britain :* Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Provifions of the faid Ad, and all and every the Matters and Thing? therein contained, (hall be and the fame is «*d are hereby continued, as far as the fame regard that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, until the Thirty-tiril Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

II.	Provided always and be it further enaded, Tkat in cafe His Majefty at any Time after the Firft Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Wafh for Diftiilation from Oats, Barley, or any other Com or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bnm, then, and in Inch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be ifTued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majefty’* Order in Council, to be publi(hed from time to time in the London Gazette, to permit and fuffer all and every Perfon or Perfons, (but not any particular Perfon or Perfons,) at any time or times not lefs than Thirty Days from the Date q( fuch Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Waft for Diftiilation from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grata

(Wheat excepted), or from any Malt, Floor or Bran; or.in cafe fls Majeftv, at any Time after the (aid Firft Day of OQobcr One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (haU in Hit Royal Difcretion judge

it

Digitized by

Google

^D-iSro.

3

50* GEO. Ill*	C.	5, <5.

it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kkgdoro eitted Great Britain, further to continue the Prohibition of the -DittflUtion of Spirits from Corn or Grain, from the faid Thirtr firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten^ ontO rprty Daysafter the then neat Meeting of Parliament then* and irfjhch Cafe, it (hall and may he lawful to and for His Mnjcfty, by Hi* Koyal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be iffued by aud with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majcfty’^ Order in Couacil, to be publifhed from time to time in the London Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the faid Thirty tirft Day of December One thou-faod eight hundred and ten, until Forty Days after the next Ib^ect-ing of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned, (that is to fay), that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of fuch Prohibition, no Worts or Wafh for Diftillation (hall be made from Oats, Barley or my other Corn or Grain* or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame.

* III. And whereas an A A was patted in the laft Seflion of Parlia- 49 G*3* c* ••

4 ment, intituled. An Ad to fuff end the Importation o/'Britifh or Irifh-* made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpeflively until tie Firjb 4 Day of Juno One thoufand eight hundred and nine, which Aft was 4 further continued by another Aft patted in the laft Seflion of Parlia-4 ment, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight 4 hundred and ten : And whereas it is expedient that all the Provilions 4 far preventing the Importation of Britijb or Ir'Jb-made Spirits into 4 Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively fhould be further continued :* further eonti-Beit therefore en&fted, That all the Powers and ProvHionsin the firft nued (except the recited Aft contained (except as far as refpefts the Remiflion of the p#®j|r*on ut 4 Penalty for the Forfeiture ot any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or c :y\) Ireland refpeftively, within a Time therein limited) (hall continue and be in force from tne Expiration of the laft recited Aft until Four Months after the Expiration of the Time which (hall be fixed under the Authority of this Aft for prohibiting the Diftillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain•

IV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be varied, al- , AAmty be trued or repealed, by any Aft to be patted in this prtrfent Seflion of wied, See. Parliament.

C A P. VI.

An Aft to enable His Royal Highncfs George Prince of Walts to grant Leafes of certain Lands and Premifes called Princdi Meadows, in the PariQi of Lambeth, in the Coumy of Surrey, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs's Duchy of Qornioall, for the Purpofc of building thereon.

[12th March 15x0-1

4 \KJ HE REAS by an Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of the 4 W Reign of Hit prefent Majefty, intituled* An AO for building *§ G- 3- c. exe’u • a Bridge over Be River Thames, from the PrecinS of the Savoy* or 4 near thereunto, in the County of Middlefex, to the opposite Shore, and'

4 far making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith 4 is the County of Surrey, the Company of Proprietors of the faid

B 2	4	intended

Digitized by Google

4

C: 6.	50" GEO. III.	f±.D.i8to

1 intended Bridge are authorized to fet out and make a Road from tin 4 faid Bridge, to or near to a certain Place called the Obeli/k, in Sain

*	George's Fields, in the Parifh of Saint George*s Southwark* in th<

*	faid County of Surrey ; and alfo to fet out and make anothei

*	Road, from a certain Street called StamfordJlreet* in the.Parifh oi

*	Chrijl Church, in tht faid County of Surrey, into the faid firft 4 mentioned Road; and the faid Company of Proprietors are fur-4 ther authorized to purchafe a certain Slip, or Piece of Land, which 4 in the making and conltru&ing of the faid tirft mentioned Road,

*	will intervene between fuch Road and the Ellatc and Premifes of ‘ His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, as Duke of Cornwall*

*	called Prince's Meadows, in the Paridi of Saint Mary Lambeth* 4 in the County of Surrey, and to aflign, transfer and fet over the 4 faid Slip or Piece of Land unto His faid Royal Highnefs, His 4 Heirs and Sucrcffors, Dukes of Cornwall, in exchange for fuch Por-4 tion of Land, Parcel of the faid Premifes, called Prince's Meadows* 4 as (hall be requiiite (or the making and conftrudling of the faid before 4 mentioned Roads, in their Courfe through and over certain Parts 4 of the faid Premifes called Prince's Meadows : And whereas the 4 creeling of the faid intended Bridge, to be called the Strand 4 Bridge, and the making and conftrudting of the faid intended 4 Roads, together with the before mentioned Exchange of Laud fo 4 authorized as aforefaid, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the 4 faid Premifes called Prince's Mcadowsy in coune&ion with all the 4 adjoining Property, jf Encouragement (hall be given for the Erec-4 tion of good and iubilantial Dwelling Houfcs and other Buildings,

4 in lieu of the prefent Houfes* mofl of which are. con(lru£ted 4 chiefly of Wood, and arc in a ruinous State, producing, with the 4 Remainder of the faid Premifes, a prefent grofs Rental to the Lef-4 fees of about Three thoufaud two hundred Pound* only per annum ;

4 and alfo for the Conilru&iori of other refpcdlable Buildings in the 4 Line of the faid intended Roads, and the making of other Roads 4 or Streets to communicate with the before mentioned intended 4 Roads ; ail which might be effected, if His faid Royal Highnefs •’ was empowered to grant Leafes of the faid Premifes, upon fuch 4 Terms as might be for the mutual Benelit of His faid Royal 4 Highnefs and His Succeffors: And whereas the faid Premifes 4 called Prince's Meadows* contain altogether, by Admeafuremenr,

4 Twenty eight Acres, Three Roods, and Ten Perches of Land,

4 or thereabout, and comprize witlkin the Limits thereof a Range of 4 Wharfs, with Two Bargehoufes, altogether abutting upon the ‘•.River Thames* to the Extent of Oue thoufaud two hundred ar.d ‘ fifty two Feet, or thereabout, behind which Wharfs an'd Bar^e-4 houlos there is a narrow Road or Street, called the Narrow Wall,

4 the irregular and winding Courfe whereof precludes feveral of the 4' faid Wharfs from occupying a fufficient Space in Depth from the 4 faid River, but which might be remedied, and the Public be more 4 conveniently accommodated, by the making and conftru&mg of 4 another Road or Street acrofs the faid Premifes called Prince's 4 Meadows, in lieu of, and fomewhat further remold from the faid 4 River, than the before mentioned Road or Street eaned the Narrow 4 Wall, in which the prefent Buildings are for the moft Part con-Mlru&ed of Wood, and otherwife are of a very inferior Defcription, *OTd forac of them in a very ruinous State, and the Remainder of . .	‘the

Digitized by

A D.igio,

5

$or> GEO. III.	Ci	6.

•	the faid Premifes confifls principally of Meadow or PafUire Land 4 and Garden Ground, there being only a fraall Portion thereof

•	coverecL\Aji Buildings: And whereas by an A£t of Parliament

•	pailed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma. 3j/;. a. e. ;g. •jefty, intituled. An A3 to enable His Royal Highnefs George Prince

4 of Wales to make Leafes, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands and 4 Hereditaments, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs's Duchy of Com-4 wall, or annexed to the fame ; and for the other Pvrpofes therein men-

•	tioned; His faid Royal Highnefs, in addition to the ordinary Powers * •thereby veiled in His faid Royal Highnefs, of making Leafes and •Grants for the Term of Thirty one Years, or for Terms of Years

•	determinable upon Three Lives, is further empowered to ma^e

4 Leafes and Grants of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, -4 Parcel of the Pofleflions of the faid Duchy of Cornwall or annex-4 ed to the fame, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Term of 1 Ninety nine Years, exprefsly for the Purpofe of improving the fame,

•	by eredling fubilantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpofe of im-4 proving Wafte Lands by Cultivation or otherwife ; provided that 4 upon all fuch Leafes or Grants fo to be made for Terms ex-4 ceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the ufual Term determiu-4 able upon Three Lives, improved Annual Ground Rents fhould be ‘referred, payable to His faid Royal Higlinefs, or"to fuch as fhould ‘have the Inheritance or other Ellate of the faid Duchy ; and that 4 in all fuch Cafes no Fine or other Confideration fhould be taken by 4 His faid Royal Highnefs, further or other than the improved An-

•	nual Ground Rents fo diredled to be referved as aforefaid : And 4 whereas the faid before recited Provifion againfl the taking of Fines 1 in all Cafes of Leafes or Grants to be made by His faid Royal 4 Highnefs for Terms exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the •ufual Term determinable upon Three Lives, was not intended to 4 deprive His Royal Highnefs of the accuftomed Benefit of Fines to 4 be received, in the ordinary Courfe of granting Renewals in like ‘Manner as fuch Fines might now be received by His faid Royal *

4 Highnefs, in refpe& to tne faid Premifes called Prince's Meadows,

4 by confining the future Leafes or Grants thereof to fuch Terms 4 of Years as, with the exifting Terms therein, would not exceed the ‘ ordinary Period of Thirty one Years, but which Period is of a,

•	Duration too limited to afford fufficient Encouragement for the ‘ere&ing of any fubftantial Bnildings, whillt the continuing fo to ‘grant the faid Premifes for fhort Terms of Years will not ©nly

•	have the Effe& of excluding them from the Improvement whereof 4 they are from Situation fufceptible, but may at the fame time ‘occafion the faid Premifes to remain an Interruption to any general 1 Plan for the Improvement of the Neighbourhood, which at prefent 4 (lands fo much in N.ed thereof: And whereas it would r.ot be ad-4 uLable, under the Circumflnnees before mentioned, to make any 4 immediate Leafes or 'Grants of the faid Premifes called Prince's 4 Meadows y for fuch Term only as, with the exilting Term or Terms 4 therein, would fill up the fame to the ordinary Period of Thirty ‘one years, more efpecially as the faid Premifes could not be made 4 to produce, m4fcr a Leafc or Leafes to be granted for fuch limit-‘edTcrm of Years, a greater Income than the Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds Yearly, clear of all Ont-goings, whilR ‘under a Lcafe or Leafes to be granted for extending the Term to

B 3	•	Ninety

6

C. 6.

A.D.1810.

Til' Prince of

W.tlpjt rHifKiretell to »ale . I^edfci ot the l'remifcs herein delcribcd.

Gtneril String*

50- GEO. III.

*	Ninety nine Years abfolute, the Ground might be covered with

*	rcfpedable Houfes, and the clear Income to be derived therefrom

4 be increafed to Five thoufand Pounds yearly :	forafmucK

4 as His faid Royal Highnefs, by granting Building LWfeffor fuch. 4 an extended Term of Years, would be deprived of the Benefit of fuch. 4 Fine or Fines as may rightfully belong to His faid Royal Highnefs, 4 and could be readily obtained by making Reverftonary Grants of 4 the faid Premifes for filling up the prefent Terms therein to 4 Thirty one Years :* Be it therefore enaded by the King’d moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That from ami after the paffmg of this Ad, it (hail and may be lawful for His faid Royal HighneU, and His faid Royal Highnefs is hereby authorised and empowered to make Leafes and Grants, or to contrad and agree for Himfelf, His Heirs and SucccfTors, to make Leafes and Grants, of all or any Part or Parcel of the faid Premifes, with the Appurtenances, called Prince's Meadows* to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, for fuch Term or Terms of Years as, with the Term, or Terms in being, under any exifting Leafe or Leafes, (hall not altogether exceed the Term of Ninety nine Years from the Date of any fuch Leafes or Grants, or from the Date of any Contrads or Agreements to be made as aforefaid, at and under fuch improved Yearly Rent or Rents, (in addition to the Yearly Rent or Rents now referved as aforefaid,) to commence and become payable to His faid Royal Highnefs, Hia Heirs and SuccefTors, from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Years from the Date of any fuch Leafes or Grants, Contrads or Agreements refpedivcly, as (hall not, in the whole Amount of fuch Rent or Routs, he lefs than the clear Sum of Five thoufand Pounds yearly 5 and that in all Cafes of fuch extended Leafes o* Grants, Contrads or Agreements fo to be made as afoot* faid, of all or may Part or Parcel of the faid Premifes, with the Appurtenances called Prince's Meadows, it (hall and may be lawful foJH is faid Royal Highnefs, and His faid Royal Highnefs is hereby authorized and empowered to take and receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, in the Way of Fine or Fines, as may be a fair an<L reafon-able Confideration for fuch Portion of the (aid extended Term or Terms of Years fo to be granted or contraded for as aforefaid, as with the Term or Terms then in being would, in the ordinary Courfe of ranting Renewals within the faid Huchy have made up the Term of Thirty one Years only from the Date of any fuch Leafes or Grants, Contrads or Agreements.

II. Saving always, to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and SuccefTors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, (other than His faid Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and other than His faid Royal Higbneis the Prince and His Heirs, and all and every Perfon and Perfons that (hall hereafter have, inherit and enjoy the faid Duchy of Cornwall by force of any Ad of Parliament or other Limitation whatfoever), all fuch Rights, Titles, Eftates, Interefts, Tenures, Term's, Claims and Demands whatfoever, of, in, to or out oi the fai^ Premifes called Prince's Meadows, with the Appurtenances, or any Part or Parcel thereof, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had, before the making of this Ad, to all Intents and rurpofes, and in as large

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

AJXigJo*

1

509 CEO, III.	C. 6, 7.

and vnple Manher and Form at if this Afthad nem been mad*; this Ad or toy Thing herein contain'd to the contrary notrtith-ftaoding.

CAP. VII.

An Acl for ptmifiung Mutiny and -Dcfortion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Qoavrer*.

[aiTt March 18 to.j

* Namber of Form 98,780. ft.

XXXI.	And for the more efte&ual No4 ideation thereof to the Cnpfanf Ani-fcrcn»l Judges and Perfons hereinafter mentioned, be it further en- tic ok' VV*r to a&cd by the Authority aforefaid, That Copies of all fuch Articlea h« iwnfuriued u> of War, printed by the King’s Printer, (hall, from time to time, m Judoes> ***• foon as conveniently may be after the fame (hall have been made and eftablifhed by His Majefty, be tranfmitted by His Majtfiy V Secretary at War for the time being, tigned with his own. Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majeily’s fuperior Courts at Wtftm'tnjUr^ Dub*

Bn and Edinburgh, refpc&ively, and alfo to the Governors of His Ma* jefiy’s Colonies, Plantations and Territories abroad.

LXXIV. Provided nevartbelefs, and it ii hereby ena&ed and de- Provifo for P«r-clared by the Authority afoiefoid, That from and after the (aid Uftfy cn-Tweniy fourth Day of March One tbou&nd eight hundred aad ten, Uft>nS‘ when and at often as any Perfoo or Periods mall be entitled as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majcfty’s Land Service, he or they (ball, within Four Days, but not fooner than Twenty four Hours, after fuch entitling refpe&vely, be carried or go with fome Officer, Non-conunifiioned. Officer or Private Soldier belonging to tht Recruiting Party by which be (hall be entitled* or with tht Perfoti employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he (hall have entitled, before {ome Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief .Magillrate of any City or Town Corporate, redding or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place, and a&ing for the Divi-fion or Diftri£l where fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall hate been entitled, aod not being an Officer in the Army, and before fuch Juftice or Chief Magillrate he or they (ball be at Liberty to declare his or their Diffcnt to fuch euliilitig; and upon fuch Declaration, and ' returning the Entitling Money, and alfo each Perfon fo diffenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with foch full Rate allowed by Law for the Subfiltence or Diet and Small Beer furuiffied to fuch Recruit fubfequent to the Period of his having been entitled, fuch Perfon or Perthes fo entitling (hall be forthwith difcharged and fet at Liberty, in the Pretence of fuch Jutlice or Chief Magillrate; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall tcfofe or negleft, within the Space of Tweoty four Hours, to return and pay Tucb Money as aforefaid, he or they (hall be deemed and taken to be entitled, as if he or they had given Ilia or their Afoot thereto before the (laid Juftice or Chief Ma-giilrate; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall declare his or their having voluntftriljfcentiftcd himfeif or themfelves, then fuch Juilice or Chief Magillrate (hall, aad he is hereby required forthwith to read ever, or, in his own Prefence, to caufe to be read over, to fuch Pejr-fon or Perfons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se&ion,

B 4	and

*

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8i©_

Bcrtruits cnliflcd under 39 Ci. 3. r. 109. for Euft India Company's Service, See. fliall take Oath of Allegiance.

“Name and Re-fi<U»ncc of Recruits.

In what Cafe Juftices may dif-eltar^e Perfons halliiy cnlifiiug.

C. 7. ,	50°	GEO.	III.

and the Firft Article of the Sixth. Seaton of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and. Defertion, and to.tender and .adminifter to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the faid Articles of War, but alfo the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad! annexed, marked (A.), or if the Perfon (hall be defirous of enlifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (B.); and if fuch Perfon or Perfona (hall take the faid Oaths, then fucli Juftice or Chief Magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlifting and fwearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of fuch Perfon or Perfons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad! annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) (hall have been taken, a: d in the Form marked (,D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) (hall have been taken, except in the Cafe of Recruits’ enlifled to ferve either in His Majefty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the Eafi India Company, according as His Majefty (hall think fit, in pnrfunnce of an Adi patted in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majcfly, intituled, An Aft for better recruiting the Forces of the Eaft India Company, in which Cafe every fuch Recruit (hall, inftcad of the faid Oath of Fidelity, andlrf the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B<) to this Ad! annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance diredied by the faid Ad! of the Thirty ninth of His Majeftv, and contained in the Schedule to this Ad! annexed, marked (E.); and the Juftice or Chief Magiftrate fhall certify fuch Enliftment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad! annexed, mailed (r.); and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, foto be certified, (hall wilfully refufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate. it (ball and may be lawful for fuch Officer,- from whom he has received fuch Money as afore-ftiid, to- detain and confine fuch Perfon or Perfons until lie or they fhall take the faid Oath*of Fidelity ; and every Military Officer that (hnll ad! contrary hereto, or offend herein, fhnll incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Ad! to be inflid!ed upon any Officer for making a falfeand untrue Muller; and the Penalty and Forfeiture (hall be levied and recovered* in the fame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Adi to be levied or recovered : Provided always, that ever)' Non-commiffioned Officer ’ or Private- Soldier who fhall enlift any Recruit, (hall, at the Time of fuch enlifting enquire the Chriftiau and Surname and Place of Abode of fuch Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the fame to the Non-cornnii(lion*d Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be fo taken down : Provided alfo, that it (ball be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to difdharge any Perfon who (hall have haftily enlilled, and who (hall apply to him to declare his Dittent within Inch Four Days as aforefaid, upon Payment of tfie Sum of' Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring hisDifieut under this Ad!, notwith-ftanding no Officer, Nou-conttnilfioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party (hall be with the Recruit, if it fhall appear to fuch Magiftrate, upon the Examination of fuch Recruit, or of any other Perfon, that the Recruiting Party hat left the Place where fuch Recruit was enlifted, or that fuch Recruit could uot procure anv Non-commiffioned Officer belonging to fuch Party to go with fuch Recruit before the Juftice of the Pec*co; and the Sum paid

4	i»y

Digitized by

Go^le

AJLiSid.	s°*	GEO.	Ill;	C.	7.

by fuck Recruit upoirhis Difcharge /hall be kept by the Juttice. of the Peace, and paid, when demanded, to any Perfon belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the fame. .

LXXXIV. And be it further enaded, That no Apprentice* who (hall be claimed by his Matter, (hall be taken from the Regiment, Troop or Recruiting Party with which he (hall be but under a Warrant granted by tome Jnftice of* the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Divition, City, Liberty or Place, and redding near to the Place where fuch Apprentice (hall happen to be when fo claimed, and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magittrate, and fuch Juttice of the Peace or Magittrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Troop or Company, or the Recruiting Party with which fuch Apprentice (hall then be, or fome Non-commiffioned Officer of fuch Recruiting Party, of fuch Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with fuch Officer or Non-commiffioned Officer, and of fuch Perfon being an Appren* tice, and having enlittcd and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Produdion and Proof of the Indenture of Apprcnticefliip, to commit fuch Perfon fo offending as aforefaid if required fo to do by fuch Officer or Non-commiffioned Officer as aforefaid, to the Common Gaol of the County, Stcwartry, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place, where fuch Perfon (hall be at the Time when he (hall be fo claimed by his faid Matter, there to remain, until he (hall be difeharged by due Courfe of Law, or if not fo required to deliver Inch Apprentice to his Mailer.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Juttice of the Peace or Magittrate, fo redding near to the Place where the Apprentice (hall be claimed as aforefaid, except in Scot* land, as hereinafter mentioned, before whom fuch Perfon fo offendr iog (hall be fo taken as aforefaid, to examine into the Matters al-Jedged agamtt fuch Perfon upon Oath, and which Oath the faid Magittrate is hereby empowered to admmilter ; and alfo to keep in his Cuttody the Indenture of Apprenticefhip, to be produced as Oo cafion (hall require, and to bind over the Matter claiming fuch Perfon, and any other Perfons he may think proper, to give Evidence al the ' General or Quarter-Se(lions of the Peace, or Sefiion of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial,of fuch Perfon is hereinafter direded to be had again!! fuch Perfon fo offending ; and the Pr*du$ion of fuch Indenture of Apprenticeihip, with the Certificate of the Juttices of the Peace or Magittrate that the fame was proved before him, (hall be fuf&cirnt Evidence of fuch Indenture of Apprenticefhip^ .

* XC1I. And whereas feveral Soldiers, heing duly litted, doaftcr-

*	wards defect, and are often found wandering, or otherwife abfent-

•	ing tbemfehrcR illegally from His Majcily’a Service,’ it is hereby flirt her madid. That, it (hali -and may be lawful for the Con liable, Head borough or Tithingman, of the Town pr Place where any Perfon, who may be mfonably fufpeded to be fuch a Deferter, (hall be found, or for aoy Officer or Soldier in His Majefty’s Service, to. apprehend, or caufe fuch fufpeded Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or caufc him to be brought before any Juttice of the Peace, living in «r* near fuch Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine fuch fufpeded Perfon 5 and if by his Con-feffion, or the Teltimony of One or more Witncfs or Witnefies upon

Oath,

f

9

AppTeiiticr. claimed by Matters <ha!( be carried before Juftice and cpm-milled.

Juttices to examine upon Oath and to keep the Indenture to he produced on the Trial.

Jutticct may commit Defert-ers-

Digitized by Google

lo

AD.iBto*

Fee.

Juftires ofTeace, granting an fcx-tcnfion of Furlough, to orHer ParUhOfficers to advance Pay to tidier*.

Re-imburfcment.

**

C 7.	50*	GEO. III.

Oath, or hr the Knowledge of fach Ja&ice 6f the Peace, it AmU appear or be found that Tuck fufpedrd Perfoa it a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, fuch Juftice of the Peace fhall forthwith ctufo him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he fhall be found, or the Houfe of Cornedion, or other Public Prifon in fuch Town or Place where fuch Defertcr dull be apprehended; or to the Savoy f in cafe fuch Deferter fhall be apprehended within the City of London or Wejiminftert or Places adjaccut; or to the PrOYoft Marfhal, in cafe fuch Deferter fhall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dubltn> or Places adjacent; and tranfmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the time being in London, or if the De* ferter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that fuch Per-fon may be removed by an Order from the Office of the laid Score* ury at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded agaitift according to Law : And the Keeper of every Gaol, Houfe of Cor-red ion, or Prifon, in which fuch Deferter (hall at any time be coo* fined, (hall receive fuch Subfiftence for the Maintenance of fuch De* ferter during the time that he fhall continue in his Cuftody, as by Hit Majefty’s Regulations is or fhall from time to time be direded in that Behalf, and the Keeper of every Gaol, Houfe of Corredion, or other Public Prifon of the City, Town or Place at or in which the Party or Perfon conveying fuch Deferter fhall halt on the March, (hall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Defert* er who fhall be delivered into his Charge and Cuftody by any Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier who fhall be conveying fuch Deferter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warraut or Authority for fo doing than the Produdion of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace, oq which fuch Deferter fhall have been taken, or fome Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of IreUuid% and fhall be entitled to One Shilling on account of the Imprifonment of the (aid Deferter;

’ any Law, ufage or Cuftom to the contra™ not with (landing.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in all Cafes in which any Extension of Furlough fhall be granted as afore* faid, and upon the Requcfl of any fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame fhall be gi anted, it fhall be lawful to the Jqftice of the Peace granting the fame, to make an Order in Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh, Townihip or Place wherein fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall refide, requiring them to pay to fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money dtreded in foch Order, not exceeding what the Pay of fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which fuch Furlough fhall be extended as aforefaid; and the lame fhall be paid accordingly, upon Produdion and Delivery to him of fuch Order, by any fuch Parifh Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the Sum fo advanced by fuch Pxrifh Officer fhall, upon the Produdion and Delivery of fuch Order to the CoUe&or of Excife of the Diftrid within which fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place 'fhall be fituatedj or any Perfon officiating for fuch Collc&or, be repaid

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.iftlo*

ii

so9 geo. in*	c. 8.

fluid to (bck Parffb Officer* lobe applied to the Relief of the Poor, by fiich Colle&er of Excife or other Pcrfovt out of any publick Monica in his Hands, and the (mine (hall be allowed in hit Accounts, and fuch Orders of Juftkesfhall be taken as Cafh in the Payment of Duties of Excifc itctifcd by him | and all Smut of Money fo advanced out of any Duties of Excite (hall be repaid to the Account of the faid Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the (Same (hall hare been paid (hall refpeftively belong, to any Perfon or Perfons authorised by the Commiutoners of Exciie in England and Scotland refpeftively, or any Three or more of them refpeftively, to draw lor and receive the fattfe; Provided always, that if the Juitico of JEVace (hall not think tit to make fuch Order for paying any fuch Money as aforefaid, he (hall Rate his Rcafons for luch Refufal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXXX. And be it further eaafted, by the Authority afurefaid, That this Aft (hall be and contiuue in force, within Gnat Bri-/ota, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand right hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eleven; and (hall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the Thirty (lift Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and ten, until the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eleven ; and dull be and continue in force in Jtrfey% Gurra/ey, Alderney, Sark and Man% and the lfixtida thereto belonging, at to fuch Parts thereof as relate to thofe Places refpeftively, from the Thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand right hundred and ten until the Fir (I Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eleven f and (hall be atid continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar and in Hit Majeliy't other Dominions, or elftwhere, beyond the* Scat, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eleven until the Twenty fifth Day of March iu the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That thit Aft, fo Bur as relates to the Allowance! to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horfet, or for the Provifion of Carriages, Hories, Boats, Barges or other Veflels and Men, may be altered and varied by any Aft or Afts to be made in thit Seflion of Parliament.

{This Ad, except the Claufet above inferted, isfimtlar to 49 G. 3. r. 12. j

CAP. VIII.

An Aft for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity on Vif-count Wellington and the Two next Perfont to whom the Title of Vifcount Wellington fhall defeend, in confideration ' of his eminent Services.	£aift	March 1810.]

• Moft Gracious Sovereign,

•	TTTHEREAS Your Majefty, by Your moft Gracious Mef-

*	W (age to Your moft faithful Commons, has been pleated 4 to declare, That Your Majefty having taken into Your Royal Con-4 federation the eminent Services rendered by Lieutenant General 4 Arthur LordVifcount fVcllington, Knight of the moft Honourable

4 Order

Digitized by

Google

Agents of Regiments to repay Mouey fo advanced.

Continuance.

Aft, in part, may he altered thisSefliotu

I*

C.8.

A.D.1810.

An Annuity of •2,000!. jh r Ana. fett'rd oil Vif-•onnt Welling-

U*n, &c.

C\.mn*cnctment.

TVabl# quartcr-

50° GUO. III.

< Order of tlie Bath, In the brilliant and decifive ViCtory obtained « by the Troops under his Command, agaitiil a fuperior French Force,*

*	at Talavera, on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand

*	eight hundred and nine, Your Majefty was defirous Jo confer form*

*	fignal Mark of Your Royal favour upon Lieutenant Genetal Lord 4 Vifcount Wellington, and the Two next fucceeding Heirs on whom 4 the Titles of Vifcount Wellington of Talavera, and of Wellington 4 in the County of Somerfet, and of Baron Douro of Wellejley in 4 the faid County, fliall defeend, in order to enable them to lupport 4 the Dignity of the Title conferred upon him, and for this Purpofe 4 to give and grant to him and to the Two next fucceeding Heirs 4 Male, to whom the Titles ot Vifcount Wellington of Talavcrer 4 and of Wellington in the County of Somerfet, and of Baron Douro of 4 Wellejley in the faid County fliall defeend, for and during their Lives,

*	a nett Annuity of Two thoufand Pounds per Annum \ but Your 4 Majefty not having it in Your Power to grant an Amuiity to that 4 Amount, or to extend the Effeft of the faid Grant beyond the 4 Term of Your Mnjcfty’s own Life, recommended it to Your

*	faithful Commons to confider of a proper Method of enabling Your 4 Maiefty to grant the fame, and of extending, feeuringand fettling,

*	fuen Annuity to the* faid Vifcount Wellington, and to the Two next

*	Perfons on whom the Title of Vifcount Wellington of Talavera* 4 and of Wellington in the County of Somerfet, and of Baron Douro 4 of Wellejley in the faid County, (hall defeend, in fuch Manner 4 as (houM he thought mofl effectual for the Benefit of the faid Vif*

*	count Wellington and his Family :* We, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subj.Cts, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflembled, duly confidering Your Majefty's moft Gracious Intention, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enaCted by the King’3 molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That One Annuity, or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, (hall be iffoing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain^ (after paying or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former ACt or ACb of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which (hall of* may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the faid Fund) ; and the fame fliall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, ii* Manner and Form following ; that is to fay, To the faid Vifcount Wellington, for and during the natural Life of the faid Vifcount Wellington, and from and after his Deceafe, unto the Two next futceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Vifcount Wellington, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Vifcount Wellington fhall defeend, for and during their natural Lives ; which faid Annuity, or Yearly Rent or Sum, fliall commence and take EffeCt from the Twenty eighth Day* of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine; the Firft Payment to be computed from the faid Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, until the Fifth Day vf January One thoiv-fand eight hundred and ten, and from thenceforth fliall be paid and pa) able at the Four ufual Days oF Payment in the Year* that is to

fa r,

4 9

Digitized by Google

jLD'iSxo.

C.8.

*3

5o° GEO. III.

finri the Fifth Day of April% the Fifth Day of July> the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day-of January, io each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II.	And it is hereby further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiioners of His Majefty's Treafury now being, and the High Treafurer and Under Treafurer of the Exchequer, and Commifiioners of theTreafary for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to dircft the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now aftd for the time being, to make forth and pafs Debentures, from time to time.for paying the laid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sura of Two thoufand Pounds, in manner as aforefaid, and as the fame (hall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which faid Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and palled thereupon, fhall be a fuffieient Authority to the feveral and refpeftive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the faid Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the faid Vifcount Wellington, and the Two next fuc-ceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Vifcount Wellington, at the refpeftive quarterly Feaft Days in this Aft before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained, in that Behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted, That after fjgning of fuch Warrant, the fame fhall be good, valid and effo&ual in Law, according to the^ Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Aft, and fhall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Dcmife of His Majetty, (whom God long preferve !) or of any of His Heirs or Succefiurs, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the faid Commifiioners of the Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiffioncrs of the Treafury now being, and the High Treafurer of the Treafury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treafurer, Chamberlains and Barons of th: Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Miniilers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, fhall, and they arc hereby authorized and ftriftly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all fuch Afts, Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore direfted and required, or fhall be ncccffary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Aft, and. the feveral Payments hereby direfted, effectual.

V.	And be it enafted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the faid Vifcount Wellington* and the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Vifcount Wei-hrrjtnn* on whom the faid Title fhall defeend, fhall be a good and fuffieient Difchargc for the Payment of the faid Annuity or yearly' Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that Behalf: and that the faid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, fhall be free and clear from all Taxes, Im-pofitious and other Charges whatfoever : And in cafe any of the Officers of the Receipt of His MajeftyV Exchequer fhall refufe or ncgleft to pay the faid Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part

thereof.

Annuity to ha paid at the Exchequer, witlwut Fee*.

Warrant for Payment, not determinable upon Demife of His Majefty, 8cc.

Treafury to da neceffary Adi*,

The Receipt of Vifcount Yelling ton, &c.*a fuffieient Dif-charge.

Annuity Tax free.

How the Annuity recovered.

Digitized by Google

. A.D.i8io.

C. 8,9.

501 GEO. III.

How far Annuity may be aliened nr in-cumbered.

47 G.9.Sc£i*

c.

48 G. 3. C 12.

thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or to do any Aft neceflkry to enable the bid Vifcount, Wellington! and the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Vif* count Wellington, on whom the faid Title, Honour and Dignity of Vifcount Wellington (hall defeend, to receive the feme, then the faid Vifcount Wellington, and the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the Add Vifcount Wellington on whom the faid Title (hall defeend, may, from time to time, fue, profecute and implead fnch Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminidra-tors, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and (hall and may recover Judgment, and fue out Executions thereupon, againft fuch Officers refpeftively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators for fo much of fuch Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the faid Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as /hall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands (hall have been legally made of the Payment of the (aid Annuity, vearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, or for the Refufal or Negleft to do any Aft neceflary to be done by fuch Officer or Officers refpeftively.

VI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two Thoufand Pounds, (hall be, and the fame is by this Aft veiled in the faid Vifcount Wellington, and the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the laid Vifcount Wellington, to whom the bid Title, Honour and Dignity of Vifcount Wellington (hall defeend ; and the fame, or any Part thereof, (hall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, difpofed, charged or in-cumbered, by the faid Vifcount Weltmgton, or by either of the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the bid Vifcount Wellingtont on whom the faid Title (hall defeend, for any greater or larger Eftate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Perfon fo aliening, conveying, difpofing, charging or encumbering the fame, fo as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or fucceeding Heir Male of the Body of the faid Vifcount Wellington, to whom the faid Title of Vifcount Wellington (hall delcend, according to the Limitation aforeiaid.

CAP. IX.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, fo much of an Aft of the Forty feventh Year of His prefcnt Majefty, as allows a Bounty on Britijb Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

[24th March 181 o.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Forty feventh Year of His prefect Majefty *s Reign, intituled, An AS to allow for Two Tears, from and after the pajjtng of this AS, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to fuch as Jhall be pounded, crafted or broken ; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on Britifti Plantation Raw Sugar exported; And whereas by another Aft pafled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefcnt Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An AS to amend aud continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, fo much. of an AS of the Forty

\JScitenth

^ Digitized by Google

*5

gc° GEO. ill.	C.	9,10.

*	fiventh Tear of HU prefent Majefty, or allow* certain Bounties on 4 firitifli Floatation Raw Sugar exported; (btnuch of the faid firft 4 ircked A& no related to the faid Bounties upon Raw Sugars was

*	further continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufaod eight hundred and nines And whereas 4 the faid Bounties were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of Marti One thoufaod eight hundred and te^ by an Ad made in

*	the laft Sefiion of Parliament, intituled. An A8 to eontinue fo much ^

4 of an A3 of the Forty feventh Tear of His prefent Maifly, as aU

4 lows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven ; and fo 4 much of the fame A8 as allows 'a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported,

4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 ten $ and it is expedient that the faid Bounties fhoukl be further 4 continued Be it therefore enaded by the King's moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and ^Cbnfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,' and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affem'- o.a.Saff. 1. bled, and by the Authority of the lame. That fo much of the faid c. 2j. $s. as *1-firft recited Ad as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered tcred by 43 G. 3. and continued by the faid recited Ad parted in the Forty eighth Year c *' ct>nVnu" of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, lhall be, and the fame is hereby March* mi further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand * eight hundred and eleven.

CAP. X.

An KSX for making perpetual certain of the Provifions of an AEt of the Fifth Year of King George the Firft, for -preventing the clamleftine running of uncuftomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Cuftoms.

[24th March 18x0.3

HEREAS certain of the Provifions of the la herein-

: w

after mentioned have by Experience been found ufeful 4 and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame (hould be made per-4 petual i9 Be it therefore eosded by the Kiag[s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the feveral Claufes in an Ad made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An A8 againfl clandejline running of unciflomcd Goods, and for the more cffeBual preventing of Frauds relating to the Cufiomiy relating to fuch Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandize as (hall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vefiel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vefiel or Boat; and alfo relate ing to Goods not reported aud found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided againft relauding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom ; and Foreign Goods (hipped out for Parts beyond the Seas ; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound ; and alio relating to hovering Ships or Veflels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or under ; and alfo concerning the Bales or Package iu which Coffee (hall be, exported ; and alfo relating to Rum imported in Calks or Veflel* not containing Twenty Gallons at the lead,; and alfo relating to

Certificate!

i.c.11.

*0.

I 4.

I 6. 17.

I ®. -110. I*.

| 5.

Digitized by Google

C. 10, 11,12.

AJX1&10.

50°'GEO. III.

Certificate Goods entered ia order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years from the fe-veral Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and which by feveral fubfequent A613 were further continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thonland eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the tlfrn next Sefiion of Parliament, (hall be and the Dttdc perpetual* fartae arc hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XI,

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, leveral Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fifh-eries.	[24th	March 18to.]

« TTHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe* « VV rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and if is expedient « that the fame fhould be further continued Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Aft made in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His >6Ca. e.4i. prefent Majefly, intituled, jin A3 for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, which wa9 to be in force for Five Years, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix : and alfo fo much of an A 61, made in the Twenty ninth s>9 G. a c. 53. Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An A8 for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern Whale Fifheries, as relates to the Fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis*s Streights ; which, by an Aft made in the Tlgiply fecond Year of the Reign °f His prefent Majefly, were amended and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight; and which were by feveral fubfequent Afts further continued ; and by Two Adis ua G.a.c.39.^]. paffed in the Forty fecond and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of continued till	His prefent Majefly were amended and further continued; and by

asth March,	Two A6ls of the Forty fixth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign

of Hitf prefent Majefly were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight huudred and ten ; (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. XU.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefly, for permitting the Importation of Mafls, Yards, Bowfprits and Timber for . Naval Purpofes, from the Britifh Colonies in North Ame„

. rica. Duty-free,	[24th	March 181 o. |

« VTTHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Ekpe-

•	VV rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient

*	that the fame fhould be further continued 5* Be it therefore eaaft-

ed

Digitized by CjOOQle

*7

5o° GEO. III.	C.	12,13.

ed by the King's tnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to permit until the Firjl Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Mafsy Tards and Bowfprits, or of Timber ft for Naval Purpofesy from the Britilh Colonies in North America, Duty free ; which (aid Aft was, by an Aft of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou, find eight hundred and ten ; (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	*

C A P. XIII.

An Aft to continue pn Aft, made in the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifland of New Prove-dencey the Port of Ityum* and the Port of ^Crooked Ifland in the Bahama [[lands y in American Ships coming in Ballad ; and amend and continue an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Maiefly’s Colonics or Plantations, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finiferre, and Com to be imported from fuch Port, and from the Coaft of Africa, into the faid Colonies and Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	[24th	March 1810.]

WHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Experience been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient * that the Came (hould be further continued and One of them amend-% ed/ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and bv the Authority of the fame. That an Aft made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for permitting, until the Firf Day of Augult One thoufand eight hundred and fevcriy the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Naflau in the ljland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Ifland in the Bahama Ifiands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballaf / which hid Aft was, by an Aft of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

11. And be it further enafted, That an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to permitt until the Twenty ffth Day of March, One thoufand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majcfy's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of 50 Geo. III.	C	Cape

Digitized by

Google

46G.8.C.117* continued till 25 th March, ISIS.

48 G. 3.C. 10.

44 G.a.c.loi*

47 G. a. ScC i, c. 80.

48G.3.C. 89. continued till 35th Match* 1818.

A.D.f8io.

Procefc for Exportation of Coco^ Produce of Britifh Colonies in America.

Admiralty may make Articles for Pu-niftunentof Mutiny, &c.

and oonftitute Courts Martial.

Articles of War tranfmitted to Judges.

Provifo for Perform haiiily en-liiiiug.

C. 13,14.	GEO.	III.

Cape Finifterre, and Corn to be imported from fuck Port, and from the Coajl of Africa, into the faid Colonies and Plantations, {hail be, and the fame is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to export Cocoa, the Growth or Produce of any of His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from fuch Colonies or Plantations dire&, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finifterre, in the like Ships and Veflels, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are preferibed by the faid A6t of the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, with refpe& to Sugar and Coffee.

CAP. XIV.

An AQ. for the Regulation of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[24th March 1810.]

IV.	AND be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Com-miffioners for executing the Office of Lor<|£ligh Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this A6t, to make and eftablifh Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their refpe&ive Hand or Hands, for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, Immorality, Mifbe-haviour and Negleft of Duty, in any of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, and for bringing Offenders againft the fame to Juftice; and to ere& and conftitute Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences fpe-cified in fuch Rules and Articles, and inflidl Punifhments, by Sentence or Judgment, for the fame according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A& ; and all fuch Articles of War (hall from time to time, as foon after the fame (hall have been eftablifhed, as the fame can be done, be tranfmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majefty’s Courts at IVejlminJlcr and Dublin, and into Scotland refpedtively.

LX. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, when and as often as any Perfon or Perfons (hall be eu-lifted as a Marine or Marines in His Majefty’s Service, he and they (hall, within Four Days, but not fooner than Twenty four Hours after fuch Enlifting lefpe&ively, be carried or go with fome Officer, Nou-commifiioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he (hall be enlifted, or with the Perfon employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he (hall have enlifted, before fome Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magiftratoof any City or Town Corporate, reiidiyg or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have been enlifted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, and before fuch Juftice or Chief Magi (Irate he pr they (hall be at Liberty to declare his or.their Diffent to fuch Enlifting; and upon fuch Declaration, and returning the enlifting Money, and alfo each Perfon fo diffent mg paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo enlifted fhall'be forthwith difeharged and fet at Liberty, in the Presence

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8id.

*9

50* GEO, III.	C.	14.

Jroce of fach Juftice of Chief Magiftrate; but if fuCh Petfon or Perfons (hall refufe or negleft, within the Space of Twenty f£ur Hours, to return and pay fuch Mone£ as aforefaid, he or they (hall be deemed and taken to be enlifted, as if he or they had given his or their Affect thereto before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate; and if fach Perfon or Perfons (hall declare his or their having voluntarily ealiiled bimfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ffialh and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are duly enlifted ; fetting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them refpeftively, (if known), and that the Second and Third Seftions of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majefty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they hid taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Sett ion of the faid Articles of War, and alfo the Oath mentioned m the Schedule to thukA& annexed, marked (A.); and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo tobe certified as duly enlifted, (hail refufe to tike the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received fuch Money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch Perfon or Perfons until he or they (hall take the Oath before requited ; and every Officer of Royal Marines that (hall a& contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, upion Oath made by Two Witnefle*, before a General Court Martial to be thereupon called, (lull, for fuch Offence, be forthwith caftiiered and difplaced from foch his Office, and (hall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment ^within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty’s Service: Provided always, that e\ery Non^com-miffioned Officer or Private Marine who (hallenlift any Recruit, (hall, at the Time of fuch entitling, inquiie the Chriftian and Surname, and Place of Abode of fuch Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the fame to the Non-commiflioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be fo taken down : Provided alfo, that k (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to difeharge any Perfon who (hall have haftily enlifted, and who (hall apply to him to declare ha Diftent within fuch Four Days as aforefaid, upon Payment of the Sam of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dif-* fent under this Aft, notwitliftanding no Officer, Non-commiflioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party (hall be with the Recruit, if it (hall appear to fuch Magiftrate, upon the Examination of fach Recruit, or of any other Perfon, that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where fuch Recruit was enlifted, or that fuch Recruit* could not procure any Non-commiflioned Officer belonging to fuch Party to go with fuch Recruit before the Juftice of the Peace ; and the Sum paid by fuch Recruit upon his Difeharge (hall De kept by the Juftice of the Peace, and paid, wheu demanded, to any Perfon belonging to the Recruiting Party, entitled thereto, demanding the fame.

LXI. And be it further cnafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall receive the enlifting Money from any Officer (knowing it to be fach), and (hallabfcond or refufe to go before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate 5 or if any Perfon having received any fuch enlifting Money as aforefaid, (hall thereafter abfent himfelf from the Recruiting Party with which he enlifted, or Perfon with whom he enlifted, and (hall

C 2	not

Provifo.

Prrfons receiving KnliltiugMoory.

Digitized by Google

C. 14.

A.D.1810.

Pfrfons employ* eil in Ccnnmil-fariat Deuart-ment embezzling Scores may be tried by Court Martial, fcc.

Penalty.

Cnprifonment.

Contiauauee.

50° GEO. III.

not voluntarily return to fuch Recruiting Party or Perfon enlifting hitn, to go before fome Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate under the Provifions of this A A within 'fuch Period of Four Days as aforefaid, fuch Pe» fon (hall be deemed to be enlifted and a Marine in His Ma-jefty’s Service, as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if he had been duly attefted, and may be apprehended and punilhed as a Deferter, or for being abfent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion ; nor (hall any fuch Perfon whm (hall not have remained with, or who (hall not have returned to fuch Recruiting Party or Perfon enlifting him as aforefaid, be entitled to be difeharged or be difeharged by a ty Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of fuch Four Days as aforefaid; unlefs it (hall be proved to the Satisfadion of fuch Juftice of the Peace, that the true Name and ReCdence of the Perfon enlifted was dif-clofed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Perfon enlifted, or left at his ufual Place of Abode of his having fo enlifted.

LXVI. And be it further enafted, That every Commiffion Officer, Storekeeper or Commillary, or Deputy, or Affiftaut Commiflary, or other Perfon employed in the Cornmiffariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Diftribution of any Money, Provifions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces, or for their Ufe, that (hall embezzle or fraudulently mifapplyft or caufe to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or (hall know-ingly or wilfully permit or fuffer any Money, Provifions, Forage, Arms, Cloathing, Ammunition or other Military or Royal Marine Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or to be fpoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and it (hall be lawful for fuch Court Martial to adjudge any fuch Perfon to be tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to luffer fuch Puniihment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifoument, Difmiftal from His Majefty's Service, and be incapable of ferviug His Majefty in any Office, Civil or Military, as any fuch Court (hall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that fuch Peifon (hall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that fuch Perfon (hall, in addition to any other Puniihment, make *good at his own Expence the Lofs and Damage thereby fuftained, to be afeertained by fuch Court Martial, which (hall have Power to leize the Goods and Chattels of the Pcrfons fo offending, and fell them for the Payment of the Said Two hundred Pounds and fuch Damage ; and if fufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and feized, then the Perfon offending (hall be committed to Prifon, or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Puniftiment or Imprifonment) for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he (hall pay fuch Deficiency* and after the faid Sum (hall be recovered and levied, the fame (hall be applied and difpofed of as His Majefty (hall diredt and appoint.

LXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That this Ad and every Thing herein contained, (hall be and continue in force within Great Britain, from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eleven 5 and (hall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the Firll Day of April One thoufcmd eight hundred aud teu, •	until

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.i8io!

ai

50° GEO. III.	C.	14,15.

until the Firft Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eleven; and that this Ad, fo far as relates to the Allowances to he made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their a& may be sb Horfes, may be altered and varied by any Ad or Ads to be made tend, lie. in tFiis Seffioo of Parliament.

[This Ad, except the Claufes above inferted) isJimilar to 49 G.J. r.19.]

CAP. XV.

An Ad to grant to His Majefty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn •, to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encourageraeut ofLicenfed Di(tillers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Diitillery in Irelandf

[6th April 1810.J

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary Supplies, have * freely and voluntarily refolvcd to give and grant^mto Your Majefty the Duties hereinafter mentioned 5 and do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ehafted ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called'

Ireland, there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, colleded, paid and^ fetisfied unto and to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succef- Duty on Com fors, the Duties following, that is to fay : For and upon every Gal- Spirits, in lira Ion of Aqua Fit*y Strong Waters or Spirits, which, at any Time offonatr Dar from and after the Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred t“** ind ten, (hall be made or diftilled in Ireland from Corn malted or un-malted, by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, or for which any Diftiller (hall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence Briti/b Currency, and fo in proportion for any greater orlefs Quantity, to be paid by the firft Maker or Diftiller thereof; which laid Duty (hall be in lieu and full Satibfadion of Duties granted on fuch Spirits by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland ; except fuch Duties as have been or lhall or may be granted or impofed for certain local Purpofe9 in Ireland by any Ad or Ads of Pariiament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to fuch local Pu^pofes by the Ada by which fuch Duties ait or may be granted or impoled, or by any other Ad or Ads. ,

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the Fifth Day Duty on Com of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Duty of Four Sp«rUt under Shillings Briti/b Currency upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita* Strong 48G.3.C.78 Jl. Waters or Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Corn malted or on the wnmalted, and alfo the Duty of Ten Shillings Briti/b Currency. 4^0^c 73, £5. upon every Six Gallons of fuch Aqua Fit*, Stroug Waters or Spirits, repealed, which were granted by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His prrfent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An Aft to grant to His Majc/ly Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or dijiitlcd in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof\

C3	*	and

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

C. 15.

50’ GEO. III.

Rrgultt'tona of 40 G. 0. c. 7»

§ 8, 9. &c. msto Allowance fur Malt Dutvrepealed.

Drawback on Corn Spirits exported.

Duties on Spirits to be a Charge on Diftiller. *

46 C. p. c. 88. •nd* Conner Acis applied to this.

46 G. 3. C. 88. $77. repealed.

and alfo the Duty on all fuch Spirits in proportion to the Strength of the fame under and by virtue or an Aft of the laft Sefiion of Parliament, intituled, An Aft to grant tp His Majejly Duties on Spirits made or dijlilledin Ireland and ufoy Britifh Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland not lefs than. Two Gallons, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable 5 and that all and every the Claufes, Provifions and Regulations in the faid firft recited Aft contained, relating to the laid Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of fuch Spirits, and relating to any Allowance to any Diftiller charged with the faid Duty againft the Amount of the faid Duty, and in Difcharge of the fame for or in refpeft of the Malt ufed and confumed in the making and diftilling of fuch Spirits, fhall be and the fame arc here by repealed, except only £0 far as relates to any Spirits which fh^ll or may have been charged or chargeable witli the laid Duty at any 't'ime before the faid Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

. III. And be it further enabled, That in lieu and inftead of all former Drawbacks on Spirits diHilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, every Perfon who fhall export to any other Place than Great Britain, Spirits diddled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, on which the Duties impofed Uy this Aft fhall have been paid, fhall be entitled to and fhall receive for every Gallon of fuch Spirits of a Strength not lefs fhan that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four pence Britifh Currency.

, IV. And be it further enacted, That the faid Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence tor Gallon on Spirits made from Corn malted or ibnoalted, fhall be charged on every Diftiller in refpeft of the Quantity of Spirits which fhall be made ©r di (tilled by fuch Diftiller, or for which any Diftiller fhall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, afeertaiaed and charged in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations, Directions and Provifions, as are contained in an Aft made in the Forty fi\th Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A8 to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Colfellion of the Du -ties on Spirits drilled in Ireland, and the warebouftng of fuch Spirits for Exportation, and in this or any other Aft or Afts for amending tfce laid recited Aft of the Forty fixth Year, and that all and every the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of recovering thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefa^d, or in this or any other Aft for amending the fame, with refpeft lo any Charges of Duty or any other Charges on any Diftiller, and with refpeft to the warehonbng of any Spirits, fhall be ap-pl’ed and put in Praftice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on fuch Diftiller in refpeft of the faid Duties on Spirits under this Aft, and with refpeft to the warchonfing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes wliatfoever, as if all the faid Claufrs, Riiles, Regulations, Reftriftions, Provificns, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been exprcfly repeated and enafted in this Aft.

‘ V. And whereas further Regulations are necefTary for the Sup«* * predion of clandctline Diftillation, and for the Encouragement of 4 licenfed Diftftkrs ja Ireland, without any Preference in refpe6k

♦ tQ

Digitized by

Google

A.D.x8io.

56* GEO. HI,

CrIJ.

V.

‘ to the Size of Stills which they may be licenfed to nfe Be it therefore ena&ed, That from tod after the Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, fo much of the faid Ad made in the Forty fixtn Tear of His prefeht Majefty’s Reign, intituled,

An AS to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Collodion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, and the warebouftng fuch Spirits for Exportation, as enads that every Diftiller in Ireland who fhall make ufe of any Still the Body whereof fhall contain Fifteen hundred Gallons or upwards, fhall be allowed and paid a Bounty after the Rate of Sixteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by fuch Diftiller* and that every Diftiller in Ireland who fhall make ufe of any Still, the Body whereof fhall contain One thoufand Gallons, and fhall not contain Fiffcen hundred Gallons, fhall be allowed and paid a Bounty after the Rate of Eight Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirit* paid by fuch Diftiller, and all and every Claufe,

Matter and Thing in the laid recited Adi, as to the Time or Manner of paying and allowing any fuch Bounty of Sixteen Pounds or Eight Pounds refpedively, fhall hie, and the fame ia and are hereby repeated, except as to fuch Spirits as fhall have been diftilled at any Time before the faid Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred, and ten ; and from and after the faid Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, no fuch Bounty fhall be paid or allowed, except on fuch Spirits as aforefaid, any Thing in the faid recited Ad or in any other Ad in force in Ireland to the contrary in any. wife not with ftandmg.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for

the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Commiffioncx*

Four of them, to grant a Licence to any Perfon or Perfons in Ire• of fc*dfcm«y

land to keep and ufe from and after the Fifth Day of March One BeenftWaihaa

thoufand eight hundred and ten, aay One or more Still or Stills,

the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage there*

to, fhall be capable of containing any Number of Gallon* not left

than Forty four Gallons in any Place or Places whatever in Ireland

where the faid Coramiflioners or any Four of them fhall think proper,

whether fuch Place or Places fhall be or fhall not be within Five

Miles of any Diftillery Houfe or Place wherein any Still of Five

hundred .Gallons or upwards fhall at the Time be licenfed to be

kept or ufed ; any Thing in any Act or Ads in force in Ireland to

the contrary thereof in any wife not with ftanding.	[See 47 G, 3^

2. r. 17. § 13. 49 G. 3. r. 93. § 23—26.]	'	• -

VII.	And be it further enaded, That fo much and fuch Parts of 47	®	S«Ca

sn Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefly’s c.17.

Reign, intituled. An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Forty Jtxib Tear c. $9. ^ UOk of H'u prefent Maje/iy, for the regulating and fecuring the Co lie 8 ion repealed. ofthe Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland ; and of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to amend the feveral Ads for the regulating and fecuring the ColleSion of tie Duties on Spirits diftilled in. Ireland 5 and for the regulating the Sale of fuch Liquors by Retail, as enads that no Perfon or Perfons Hull be licenfed to keep or ufe a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of lefs Size than Five hundred Gallons Cootent at one and the fame Time, nor to keep or ufe Two Stills cither of which fhall be of a lefs Size than Five hundred Gallons Con-.

C 4	tent

Digitized by Google

*4

A.D. i8io.

How Diftiller having two or more Stills (hall be charged.

Still dif<-On 11 ruled, fent to JExcife Office.

On Notice of difcofithiuing, large Stills, Still, Ice. need not be -removed.

C. 15.	50°	GEO. III.

tent at the fame Time, (hall, from and after the Fifth Day of March, One thoufand eight hundred and ten, be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VIIJ. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That whenever any Diftiller in Ireland (hall have Two or more Stills licenfed at the fame Time in his Diftillery, every foch Diftillery (hall be charged and chargeable with, and (hall pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as might be produced from the Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings with which every fuch Still or Stills (hall by Law be chargeable according to the Contents of the fame, for and in refpeft of every fuch Still fo long as the fame (hall remain in the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, as if every fuch Still were conftantly at work; and that whenever any Diftiller having Two or more Stills in his Diftillery (hal! give Notice according to Law of his Intention to difconttftue the working of either or any of fuch Stills, fuch Diftiller (hall, within Twenty four Hours after the Time when, according to fucb Notice, he ought to difeontmue the working of fuch Still or Stills, caufe the Works in which fuch Still or Stills was or were fet, to be taken down, and (hall difplace and remove any and every fuch Still, and (hall alfo difplace and remove, clear out of the Worm-tub the Worm belonging to any and every fuch Still, and (hall, within Forty eight Hours then next following, lend or convey any and every fuch Still and Stills, and the Heads and Worms refpe&ively belonging thereto, to the Excite Office of the Diftrift in which fuch DilliUerr /haH be fituat<^ unleis the Officer in charge of fuch Diftillery (hall, purfuant to Order given to him by the Collector of the Diftri&, which Order he is hereby required to obey, ftrap down and fallen the Head of every fuch Still the working of which is fo intended to be difeontmued, by locking the lame, ana locking the Door of the Furnace Grate, and (lopping and locking the difenarging Cock or Pipe of fuch Still; and whenever fuch Still or Stills (hall be fent to the Excife Office in manner aforefaid, the fame (hall be there kept until any or every fuch Still or Stills refpe&ively (hall be re-delivered to fuch Diftiller for the Purpofe of being re-fet and again worked according to Law in purfuance of any Notice or Notices to be duly given by fuch Diftiller of his Intention to re-commence the working of fuch Still or Stills refpe&ively according to Law, or until fuch Still or Stills refpeftively (hall be difpofed of to fome licenfed Diftiller, which it (hall be lawful for the Proprietor of fuch Still or Stills to do t Pvovided always, that in cafe any Diftiller (ball give Notice of difeontinuing to work a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, it (hall not be neceftary for him to caufe the Works in which fuch Still was fet, to be taken down, nor to difplace or remove any fuch Still, nor to difplace or remove the Worm thereof out of the Worm*tub, nor to fend or convey the fame to the Excife Office during the Continuance of his Licence, nor (hall he be fubjc& to any penalty or Forfeiture for omitting fo to do, any Law to the contrary notwithftanding, if the Officer of Excife attending his. Diftillery (hail certify that by ftrapping down and fattening the Head of every fuch Still he has etPcdlually fecured it from being nfed or worked, no»* (hall he be charged with or charge able for any Quantity of Spirits in refpeA of any Still during the Time it (hall be fo ftrapped down, difplaccd or removed, any Thjng herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI. And

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io»

50° GEO. III.	C.	15.	35

IX. And be it further enaded, That every Licence to any Per- Licence* for (bn or Perfons to keep and ufe any Still or Stills, which (hall oe ob- Stl’I# 5^nteJ1 tained after the palling of this Ad, (hall be figned by Four of the	^

(aid Commiflioners of Inland Excite and Taxes 5 and that every fuch c, 8fl#

Liceoce (hall and may be granted to continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September Two Years next after the Date of fnch Licence, in cafe the Pcrfon requiring fuch Licence (hall delire the lame; and in fuch Cafe the Period of the Continuance of fuch Licence (hall be fpecified and exprefied in fuch Licence accordingly, in the following Terms:	This Licence to remain in full Force tin-

*	til the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thoufand

“ eight hundred and	,”	inftead	of	the	Words “ next

*	enfuing the Date hereof,” as now required by Law ; and every fucl^

Licence (ball in all other Refpeds be granted in like Manner, and tinder fuch Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the faid recited Ad of the Forty fixth Year afore-faid, or by any Ad or Ads for amending the faid recited Ad, with itfped to Stills allowed to be licenfcd, except only fo far as the faid Aas, or any of them, are altered or repealed by this prefent Ad.

X. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and In what Cafe may be lawful for the (bid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, Cora'm'Jionm with the Approbation of the Commiffioners for executing the Office m-jv ref ufe or reef the Lord High Treasurer, to refttfe to grant any fuch Licence; e cclues* and that k (ball be lawful for fuch Commiffioners to withdraw any 46 g. .i.c. s*. fach Licence in like Manner and for the like Caufes as the faid Com-nriffiouer* ate empowered to refufe or withdraw any Licence from any § 10*

Still under the faid recited Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid ; and alfo tbn it (ball and may be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners to withdraw any foch Licence in cafe the Still or Stills for which fuch Lt-ctoce (ball be granted (hall not be worked or ufed for the Space of Six Months or more in the Courfe of any One Year, beginning on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and ending on the Twenty ninth D»y ot September following.

XL And be it further enaded. That in lieu of the feveral Nura- How Duties calker of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, fet forth in the faid re- cul*t*i. cited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His pTefent Maiefty's Reign, and in the Schedule thereto annexed, in refped to Stills under One hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for the Quantity of Spirits pro-doceable wherefrom refpedively, any Diftiller is chargeable with Duty in refped of any fuch Still, every fuch Diftiller (hall, froA aad alter the faid Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundrea and tea, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days which any Still whatever of fuch Diftiller, under One hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not lefs than Forty four Gallons Content, (hall continue, or (hall be prefumed to continue, working under the Regulations of the faid recited Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majcity’s Reign, or of tim Ad, or any other Ad for amending the lame, be charged witli and (hall pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spiritsas might be produced (according to the Rates fpecified in the hud recited Ad of the Forty fi<th Year, and this Ad, or any other AA for amending the faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year) from Two hundred Charges of Low Wines or Singlings for every fuch Still, Charge on all whatever the Content of any fuch Still may be, between One hun- Spirits a&ually died and fifty Gallons and Forty four Gallons; and that every ddblied.

Diftiller

Digitized by v^.ooQle



2 fir

O. ij.

5tr GEO. IHj

In whatCafeDif-tillcrs liable to 3-4ths only of Monthly Charges, &c.

Diftiller (hall, over And above the Quantity of* Spirits produgcabje aa aforefaid, alfo be charged with and pay Duty in rrfpeA of each aod every fuch Still, whatever may be the Content thereof, for as much more Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates fpecified as aforefaid) from all Pot Ale, Walb, Low Wines or Singlings, which fuch DHliller (hall adlually diftii in every fuch Still within every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above fuch Quantity fo produceable as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided always,and be it ena&ed,That whenever any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still or Stills under One thoufand Gallons Content, (hall infert in the Notice which he b bound by Law to give to the Colle&or, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recommence* to work a Still, or (hall give Notice in like manner Six Day® before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, that he propofes to work any Still or Stills in his PoflVfTion during the next fucceeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days with Turf only, not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, fuch Diftiller (hall, for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any fuch Still or Stills (hall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforefaid) from Three fourths only of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which fuch Still would otherwife be liable ; and alfo the Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the faid Rates from all Pot Ale, Wa(h, Singlings or Low Wines, which fuch Diftiller (hall a&ualiy diftii within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from fuch reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Still io the PofTeffion of any Diftiller, (hall at any Time during any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in which the Diftiller (hall have given Notice of working a Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, all and every Still or Stills in the PofTeffion of fuch Diftiller, not ftrapped down, taken down, or difplaced in manner herein provided, (hall be fubjeA and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Whole of the faid ]0priod of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; and the Diftiller in whofe Diflillery fuch Coal, Coke, charred Turf or other Fuel, (halL be fo ufed, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further ena&cd, That from and after the paifing

ing on calculated of this AA, the Officer of Excife keeping an Account of Wa(h, Produce d Spi- Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, produced in any Diftillery from iv o°mS-011'*	Corn malted or unmalted, (hall, in all Cafes, charge the Diftiller,

a ,or rom	Up0H any Decrcafe of Wafh or Pot Ale, for a Quantity of Spirits,

calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ted Gallons of fuch Wafh or Pot Ale fo decreafed, and upon any De-creafe of any Low Wines or Singlings produced from any' fuch Wafh or Pot Ale, fuch Officer (hall charge the Diftiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of fuch Low Wines or Singlings fo decreased* and fa

Sdll worked with Coal liable Id full Charges.

Penally.

Mode of cbsTjr-

£insiings.

in

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSio-

S'b° GEO. lit	C.	15.

in proportion fot atiy greater or lefs Quantity of Walh, Pot Ale,

Low Wines or Singlings refpedirely ; and fueh Officer (hall make a

Return of the Quantities of fuch Spirits, and of the Duties thereon

accoidingly, and fuch Diftiller dull pay the Duty £0 charged and

returned, under fiich Rules, Regulations and Directions as are oon-

taieed in the faid A6t made in the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty’s

Reign, intituled, An AH to provide for the regulating and /tearing 46G. 3. t. 88,

lb: Colic die n of the Duties on Spirits dijlillcd in Ireland, and the

toareboufing of fuch Spirits for Exportation as amended by this

Ad, or by any other Aft or Ads in force, immediately after the

paffing of this Aft.

‘ XV. And whereas by the faid recited Ad of the Forty fixth 46 G. s. e. st.

‘ Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, it is, among other Things, § W.

*	ena&ed, that it (hall be lawful for any Diftiller in Ireland to ware-‘ boufe hii Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of Duty, in ' any of His Majefty’s Stores or Warehoufes at the Ports in the 1 (aid Ad mentioned and fpeciticd, or at any other Port in Ireland

*	in which, or in the Diftrid in which fuch Port (hall be fvtuated,>

•	any Still of not lets than Five hundred Gallons Content (hall be

•	been fed :* Be it enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful for every Diftiller in Ireland to warehoufe his Spirits for Exportation without Payment of Duty, Spirit* msy hef ia any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes at any Port in Ireland what-

ever, in which, or in the Diitrid wherein fuch Port (hall be fituafcv Hcenfcd**6 any Still of any Content whatever (hall be licenfcd by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, fubjed neterfhelefs to the Pro-vifions and Regulations contained in the faid recited Ad and in this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads for amending the (aid recited Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid.

XVI. And be it further enaded. That whenever Application (hall Sulb more that be made to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes for a Li- *° ceoce to ufe or keep any Still or Stills in any Place being more than “rife Oi-Ten Miles diftant from the Seat of the Colledion of Excife of the Diftrid in which fuch Place (hall be fituate, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, before granting fuch Licence, to require and tJte from the Perfon or Perfons applying for the feme, ki lieu of ihe Security now required by Law, a Bond, with Two fufficient Security for Pay Sureties, in a Penalty not exceeding the Amount of One Month’s mentoiDiuy. Charge of Duty iu refped of the Still or Stills to be licenfed, conditioned for the Monthly Payment of all fuch Duties as (hall be chargeable by Law on fuch Diftiller, for the Duties on Spirits or Strong Waters diftilled by fuch Diftiller, or with which fuch Diftiller (hall be charged under or by virtue of this Ad or any other Ad or Ads in force relating to fuch Duties, and that whenever any fuch Bond (hall be fo given, it (hall be lawful fortbe faid Commiffioners, from time to time, to dired that the Duties payable by fuch Dii-tiller (hall and may be received and required from and paid by fuch Diftiller during the Period which (hall be mentioned in fuch Direction, Monthly, that is to fay, within Six Days after the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which fuch Diftiller (hall be chargeable with fuch Duties, and that no Information (hall be filed or proi’ecuted againft any fuch Diftiller InformtUoa, for any Penalty to which fuch Diftiller may have become liable by Law for not having made any Weekiy Entry of the Quantity of

Spirits

Digitized by uooQle

28	C. 15.	50® GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

Spirits for which fuch Diftiller is chargeable with Duty* or for oot Pronto.	having	paid	fuch	Duties Weekly during fuch Period : Provided al-

ways, that nothing herein contained (hall exempt fuch Diftiller from fuch Penalty if incurred, unlefs fuch Order (hall be efpecialiy made by the faid Commiflioners, from time to time, under the Provifions of this AH, nor unlefs fuch Diftiller (hall have paid all Duties for which fuch Diftiller (hall be charged or chargeable for the Month in which any fuch Penalty may hafe been incurred. [See further 44 G.3. c. 88. $ 7. 66, 67.]

Allows ace on	XVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Diftiller (hall have-

Spirits, charged paid for any Spirits made or diililled by or charged upon filch Difti!-aher sth Muck Jer between the Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten and the Day of the paffing of this Aft, a higher Duty than after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon, Rrit'jb Currency, it (hall he lawful for the faid Commiflioners of Inland Ex-cife and Taxes, and they are hereby required to repay, upon Demand, unto every fuch Diftiller the Excels of fuch higher Duty beyond the faid Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon.

In what CVc un- XVIII. And be it further euafted, That until the Commencement til Summer Af- of the Summer Aflizes which will be in the Year One thoufand eight fiz«, iRia, hundred and twelve, it (hall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at Aflizes for any County or County of a City or Town in Ireland, owu 9 or at any presenting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin* to fine any Pari fh. Town-land, Manor or Lord (hip, in any Sum of Money or Penalty, on any Information which (hall be given to any Juftice of the Peace at any Time after the palling of this Aft, for any Offence againft any Aft in Force in Ireland for the regulating and collefting the Duties on Spirits by the having, keeping or ufing any unlicenfed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utenfil for diftilling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to Law, any Thing in an A ft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent ♦7 G. 3. Scff. a. Majefty *s Reign, intituled, jin AS to amend an AS made in the Forty c* *7*	Jixth Tear of Hie prefent Majejly, for the regulating and fecuring the

Collision of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, or m any other Aft or Afts-in Force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding. CoofoUdsted XIX. And be it further enafted, That all Monies arifing from the Fund.	feveral Duties by this Aft granted, the neceffary Charges for collefting

and paying the fame being dedufted, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

Duties, Draw- XX. And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties and bucks and Pe- Drawbacks by this Aft granted and allowed, and made payable, nalties, how le» and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, paid and allowed, fued for, recovered and applied, in the fame Manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Di* reftions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direfted and expreffed, for railing, collefting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Aft made in uSc 15 Car. c. Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty c* ®*	Xing Charlts the Second, intituled, An AS for the fettling the £xcife

46 .3. c. 106. or Impofl upon His Majejly, His Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted, or in and by an Aft made in

the

A.D.i8io.



500 GEO. Iir.	C.	15,16.

the Forty filth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the federal Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commif-/toners of Cu/loms and Port Duties, and of the Commijfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and eifedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein exprefied and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the faid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth-Year of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid is provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ad* to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An Ad for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Ad of the Forty firll Year of His prefent Majefty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland> and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty-free, of Com and other Provifions.

[6th April 1810.]

‘ TT7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe" 4 W rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 tbit the fame fhould be further continuedBe it therefore enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That to much of an Ad made in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeily, intituled, An A3 for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, fo as fucb Prohibition Jhall not endure beyond the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Sejfton of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provifons whatfoever; and to permit for fuel) limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fi/b, and all Provifions whatfoever % without Payment of Duty ; and for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have s3edfor the Service of the Publicy in advtfing and carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, as enables the Loifi Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provifions whatfoever, and to permit the Importation into Ireland, of Cora and Fifh and all Provifions whatfoever, without Payment of Duty ; which by an Ad, palled in the lad Seffion of Parliament, was continued, and is in force •itil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (ball be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred aad eleven, exerpt fo far as refpeds the Exportation of Com, Grain or Flour, to Great Britain.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

14 & 15 Car. t.

C. 8.

Ad may be altered.

«l G.3. (U. KJ C.36. & 1-4.

conimtted till 2jth March, isil, Sir.

C. 17*18*

A.D.18IO.

3°

50 GEO. III.

CAP. XVII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight Hundred and eleven, an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from .. Ireland.	[6th	April 1810.]

47 G.3.9HF. 1.

c. 19.

continued till March25,1811, except allowing Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland, &c.

Aft may be altered, Ac.

•	TT THE RE AS the Aft hereinafter mentioned has by Experience

•	VV been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the

•	fame (hould be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An AS to provide more effeSually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exporter* tion of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing Britifti Plantation Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and which, by an Aft made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, fhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, except only fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid, as relates to the allowing Britijh Plantation Sugar to be warehoufed in Irelandand which, under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the laft Seflion, is direfted to be warehoufed under the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoufed or fecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being firft paid.

II. And be it further enafted, That this Aft, and the Aft hereby continued, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Aft to be paffed in this Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Aft for the further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain j and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impofed by an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty fhall be fuf-pended.	[6th April 1810.]

43 G. 3.1.11. 9 '¥T^r HEREAS an Aft paffed in the Forty third Year of H13 9 V\ prefent Majefty, intituled. An AS for difeontinuing certain 9 Drawbacks and Bounties on fbe Exportation of Sugar from Great •	•	Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu

4 thereof uniil the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight bun-45 G. 3*. <?. 93. * dred and four ; And whereas an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Year 4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An AS to amend Two AQs paffed 4 in the Forty third and Forty ffth Tears of His prefent Majejly for 9 regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar 7	4	from

Digitized'by

Google

AD.iSio.

G. it

So9 GEO. I ft



4from Great Britain : And whereas Three other Aft» pafled in

•	the Forty filth. Forty feventh, and Forty eighth Years of His

•	prelent Majefty, for further continuing the faid Aft of the Forty-4 third Year of His prefent Majefty : And whereas another Aft paff-

•	edin the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An 49 O. 9. e. it/ 4 AS for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

4 thoufandeight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on 4 the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britajf^; and for fufpending 4 the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Dutiu 4 inpofed by an A3 of the Forty Jixtb Tear of His prefent Majefty /hall 4 befufpended ; And whereas an Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year

•	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for repeal- *9 G. 3. c. 9S.

•	ingthe feveral Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas it i& expedient that 4 the Drawbacks allowed by the laid laft recited Aft palfed in the 4 Forty ninth Year aforefeid, and the Bounties allowed by the faid

•	recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent

4 Majefty, fhould be further continued $’ Be it therefore enafted by * the King's moR Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-	*

feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the fereral Drawbacks in the Schedule to the £aid laft recited Aft of Drawbacks in the Forty ninth Year aforefeid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schc- 49,Gn3'c: ui‘ dub to the (kid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of	m

His prefent Majefty annexed, (hall be refpeftively paid and allowed in i5 g.3. c. 9.1. like manner in every Refpeft, and fubjeft to and under and according paid as hereto-to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, fore, &c. (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft), as the faid Drawbacks and Bounties were refpeftively paid or allowed before the paffing of this Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That if on the Fifth Day of May* In what Cafe or on the Fifth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and Drawbacks alts*, or on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred l°*cdi<kc*

»d eleven, lefpeftively, or any or either of the faid Days, it (hall appear by Notice in the London Gazette in Manner direfted by an Aft nade in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda I (lands in Foreign Ships, that the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, taken in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft for the preceding Quarter of the Year, fhall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclufive of the Duties of Coftoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Bri-tofo, then, and in every Inch Cafe the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the faid recited Afts, pafled in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Yearsof His prefent Majefty aforefaid refpeftively annexed, mentioned as correfponding to or with the Price of which fuch Notice in the London Gazette (hall have been given as aforefaid, (hall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average (hall be given in the London Gazette, and fuch Drawback or Bounty (haU be paid or allowed in like Manner in every Refpeft, and fubjeft and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed

before

Digitized by Google

*45 G. 3. e. 33.

49 G. 3. c. 99. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) «. 99. Tab. A.

46 G. 3. t.43.

$ 1*

In what Cafe Tr*\tfury mar fufpend countervailing Duties* Ac.

C. iS.	50° GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

before the pafilng of the faid firft recited Aft, (except as any fuch Rules or Regulations are altered by the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforelaid), and the Whole of the Duty granted by an Aft paffed in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent, Majefty, intituled. An A3 for granting to His Majefty certain Duties of Cufioms on Timber, Sugar, Raijins and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from Great Britaiu, upon Sugar imported into Great Britaim+y the United Company of Merchants of Eng* land trading to the Eajl Indies and warehoufed according to Law, and fold at the Sales of the faid Company after the Thirtieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and one, fhall upon the Delivery thereof out of Warehoufe for Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Aft in re-fpeft of Britifb Plantation Sugar, be wholly drawn back under fuch Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions. Penalties and Forfeitures, as any former Drawbacks are paid and allowed; any Thing in an Aft pa£Ted in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His pretent Majefty contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 III. And whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty fixth Year of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,4 An AS for granting 4 to His Majefty, during the prefent IVar and for Six Months after the 4 Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peaee%

* additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, mb-4 ported into and exported from. or brought or carried Coaftvuife with-4 in Great Britain, the LoYd High Treafurer or the Lords Com-

*	miflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of 4 them, are authorized to fufpend the Payment of the Additional 4 Duties of Cuftoms on Sugar granted by the faid recited Aft,

4 efther in the Whole or in part, whenever the Average Price of Su-

4 gar afeertained as direfted by Law (hall be below the Prices men- * 4 tioned in the faid Aft : And whereas it is expedient that during the 4 Period of fuch Sufpenfion the Countervailing Duties on Refined 4 Sugar imposed from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent 4 Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of refiued Sugar 4 of the Manufafture of Great Britain, and alfo the additional 4 Bounty ou the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain 4 other than to Ireland, impofed and allowed' by the faid laft recited

*	Aft, fhould in like Manner be fufpended Be it therefore furtljer enafted, That whenever the Lord High Treafurer or the Lords Com-miflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, (hall cxercife the Power veiled in them, and (hall, according to the Direftions of the faid Aft, fufpend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby impofed, it (hall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required, in like Manner, and for the like Period, to fufpend cither the whole of the additional countervailing Duties of Cuftoms on refined Sugar of the Manufsfturc of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufafture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, impofed and allowed by the faid laft recited Aft, or fuch Pari thereof refpeftively as (hall beara juft Proportion to the Amount of Duty fo fufpended.

VI. And

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSio.

33

50’ GEO. III.

C. 18,19, 20.

IV. And be it further enabled. That thefaid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty, and all the* Power*, Provi-fions, Authorities, Regulations, Ciaufes, Matters and Things in the laid Aft contained, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued from the Twenty fifth Day oi March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and /hall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven for the Port of J^mdomy and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven for other Parts of Great Britain ; and that this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts to he paffed in this prefent SefGon of Parliament

Continuance of 4a G.j.c. it.

- •%

CAP. XIX.

An Aft: for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for pro- -hioiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britcwt of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Armies of Provision, without Payment of Duty.	[6th April 1810.3

•	\\T HERE AS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe-4 W ricnce been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the fame fhould be further continued f Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Aft, made in the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent

Majefty, intituled, An A3 for enabling His Majejiy to prohibit the Ex*	3 c B7

partition and permit the Importation of Corn9 and for allowing the continued till* Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty9 March 25,1811, to continue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next txcept fo far a* S$on of .Parliament; which was continued by an Aft of tne Thirty refp*^* Fx-ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, and amended and ConT&c^ further continued by feveral fubfequent Afts, until the Twenty Iceland, fifth Day of March One'thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall, from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, be and the fame is hereby further con-tinued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, except fo far as refpefts the Exportation of Corn, Grain or Flour to Ireland,

CAP. XX.

An Aft for removing Doubts as to the Power of appointing Supcrintendants of Quarantine and theirAfliftants.

[6th April

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year of HU 4 W prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for making further 45 G. a c.

4 Provijion for the ejftflual Performance of Quarantine, certain $ U 4 Powers and Authorities are given to the Supenntendants of Qua-4 rantine or their Afliftants, and Power is given to the Comraiflionera 4 of the Treafury to appoint Officers at Chetney Hill, when the 4 Lazaret there ftiallbe completed; but no exprefs Provifion is made

50 Geo. III.	D	*	for

Digitized by Google

1*

34

C. 20, 21,22*

A.D.l8lO.

SuperiiHeivUnts at Ports how to be appointed.

45 G. 3. C. 5J •

VefTels hav.rj more thau one D^\u

*** G.3. i xxuv.

jo° GEO. III.

*	for the Appointment of fuch Superintendants and Affiftants at

*	the feveral Ports ; and it is expedient to remote all Doubts as to 4 fuch Appointments Be it therefore enafted by the King's mod Excellent Majeiiy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcmbledr and by the Authority of the fame* That all Superintendants of Quarantine at the feveral Ports and their Affiftants (hall and may be appointed by any Inftruments, fig tied by Four of the Commiffioners of the Cuttoms for the time being, and (ealed with the Seal .of their Office.

CAP. XXI.

An A ft for amending and continuing fo amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufend eight hundred and twelve, an Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His-prefent Ma-jefty, for consolidating and extending the feveral Laws in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and^rom certain Ports in thzWcJl Indies.	' [6th April 1810.']

4 YT7HEREAS it is expedient that, for a limited Time, the 4 VV Trade carried on in Foreign Vefiels by virtue of an A^ 4 parted in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, in-4 tituled, yin Aft to confolidate and extend the feveral Laws now in 4 force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain 4 Goods and Merchandise into and from certain Ports in the Weft 4 Indies, (hould not be reftrifted to Vefiels having only One Deck Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majcfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the parting of this Aft, ana until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful to import and export the Articles in the (aid Aft mentioned, at the Ports therein mentioned, under the Rules and Regulations of the faid Aft, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Veflcl, as therein deferibed, although fuch Sloop, Schooner or Veflel (hall have more than One Deck;; any Thing in the faid Aft to the cpntrary notwith-ftauding.

CAP. XXH.

An Aft for authorizing the Lords Commiflioners of the Trea-fury to purchafe certain Quays within the Port of London.

[6th April 1810.]

*	YTTHEREAS an Aft patTr*d in the Forty third Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft to author 9 rize. the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of i he Con for 4 lidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of Loiv-4 don, by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London. 4 in Common Council affcmbled; and to empower the Lords Commif~ 4 /toners of His Majefly's Treafury to purchafe the Legal Quays between

•	London Bridge and the Tower of London*: And whereas an Aft

4 parted

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

35

50* GEO. III.

C m3

*	parted in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefty,

*	mtftaled, An Aft to extend the Time for pur chafing the Legal Quays

*	and Warehoufes in the Port of London, and for authorizing the 4 Lords Commtfjtoners of His Majejly's Treafury to pur chafe Somer'j

*	and Lyon’x Quays in the faid Port : And whereas another Aft 4 p*fled in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled, An Aft to give further Time for purchafing the 4 Lrgal Quays and ll'arehoufrs, in the Port of London: And whereas 4 it is expedient that the Powers, Authorities and Prcvifions, in the 4 faid Afts contained, for purchafing Legal Quays, fhould be re-4 vived and further continued and extended May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTerabled, j(P hy the Authority of the fame, That all the Powers, AuthoritiesTProvifions, Regulations, Direftions, Claufes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein mentioned and contained, relating to the purchafing of Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or other Works, or obtaining Porteflion thereof, fhall be, and are by this Aft revived, and fhall be, applied and extended, and (hall operate and be in force, for the Purpole of enabling the faid Lord High Treafurer, or the I^rds Commiflioners of the Treafury, to make and complete Purchafes of any Legal Quays, Warehoufes, Buildings or Works, or any Dwelling Houles, Warehoufes, Building or other Premifes, lituate adjoining thereto, which the faid Lord High Treafurer, or Lords Commirtiocers of the Treafury, may deem it neccflary or expedient or proper to purchafe at any time within Two Years after the parting of this Aft, as fully and crteftually, to ail Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Provi-fions, Regulations, Direftions, Claufes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Tnings, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Bodv of this Aft.

It. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That no Company, or any other Pcrfon or Perfons whomloerer, who may hereafter become the Owners, Leflees or Occupiers of any fuch Legal Quays, (hall not be compelled to part with their Eftat£ and Intereft therein, unlcfs Twelvc Months previous Notice in Writing /hall have been given to the faid Company, or any other Perfon or Perfops as aforefaid, by the faid Lord High Treafurer, or Lords Comrftfiion-ers of the Treafury for the time being, .of their Intention fo to purchafe the faid Eft ate apd Intereft in fuch Quays, Warehoufes, Bnildfngs, and other Works aforefaid; and for the Purpofes aforefaid, all the Powers, Provifions, Authorities, Regulations, pireftionjj Claufes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters^and Things, ijfl the faid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Has prefer,t Majefty contained, relating to any fuch Legal Quays, Warehoufes, Buddings, or other Works, or the purchaling thereof, or in an A([t pa®rd m the Thirty nioth ar.d Fortieth Year of Hi? prefent Majefty, therein referred to, authorising and empowering Bodies Poti* tic. Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporation? Aggregate ,or bolp. Tenants for Life or in Tail, or other Perfons having qualified qr partial F.ftates br Iaterefts, or Hufbands, Femes Coverts, Guardian^, Truftees aud Feoffees in Truft for Cli^rities or other.Purpofes, Committees, Executors, or Adminiftrators# or any other Terfons

D 2	what-

Digitized by

Google

46 G. 3. C. 118.

47 G. 3. Seif. 2. c. 60.

Treafury may make Purchafes of Quays, &c.

Notice to Owners, &c. of Quay', &c. of Purchafe.

39 & 40 G. JT. c.jthi*.

36

.0.22,23.	50°	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8to;

whatever under any Incapacities or Inabilities, on Behalf of them-felves or others, to treat and to compel any fuch Corporations or Perfons to treat and agree for the Sale of any Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or rreniifes, or in any wife relating thereto, or for afeertaining the Value of any fuch Premifes, in cafe of any Refufal or Inability to treat, or for completing any fuch Purchafes or obtaining Poffcflion of any fuch Premifes, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, lhall, as far as the fame are applicable, or can be applied, extend and be conftrued to extend to this prefent Adi, and (hall operate and be in force in rcfpedl to this Adi, lor the Purpofes of enabling the Lords Commiflioners of His Majedy’s Trea-

•	fury to complete the Purchafes of the faid Quays, Warehoufes, Buildings or Works, aforefaid, or any Dwelling Houfes, Warehoufes,

•	Buildings, or other Premifes adjoining thereto, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Fu-pofes, as if theJftnc Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Diredlions, Claufes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re.enadted iu Body of this Adi.

CAP. XXIII.

An AS for granting Anhuities to difeharge certain Exchequer Bills.	[6th	April	1810.J

In irhntCafo HoM«*n of Fx-chrquer Hills to receive Certi-£«at r%.

jMRtir.t ©if Fx-chequer Bills

eidutigtd

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjedls, the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament aflembled, being defirous of making Provifion to fatisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills, now outdanding, to the Amount of Eight Millions Sterling, have refolved, that all Perfons intereded in ’ or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills, fhould be entitled in refpedl of the Principal Sums contained therein, to fuch Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, fubjedl to the Provifions of this Adi; We, Your Majefty’s mod faithful Commons, do therefore mod humbly befecch Your Majedy that it may be enadted ; and be it enadled by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and wi^h the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perion intereded in or intitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Twentieth Day of Febru-ary Onethoufand eight hundred and nine, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, bearing Intereft at the Rate of Three pence halfpenny per Centum per Diem% who (hall, between the Twentieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty feventh Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, both inclufive, have carried the fame to the Office of the Paymafters df Exchequer Bills, and every Perfon intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated as aforefaid bearing Intereft at the Rate of Three pence Farthing per Centum per Diem, ' who (hall between the Twenty fecond Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty feventh Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, both inclufive, have carried the Fame to the faid Office, unlefs the faid Principal Sum of Eight Mil-’ kens Sterling (ball have been fooncr fubferibed at the faid Office, in

fuch

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8ic,

37

GEO. III.	C.	23.

fach Exchequer Bills, (hall be refpeAi?dv paid the Intereft that (hall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, in Money, as foon after the faid Ninth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, as can conveniently be done, and (hall have in exchange for fuch Exchequer Bills from luch Paymasters, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank, of Englandy entitling the Holders of fuch Exchequer Bills, in refpeft of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and three Pounds Five Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and ten, for each One hundred Pounds contained in fuch lad mentioned Certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater Sum ; and that all Perfons interefted in or entitled unto fuch Exchequer Bills as aforefaid (hall, having delivered the fame between the nrfpe&ive Days aforefanfc into the (aid Office of Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforefaid Terms; which faid Annuities (hall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in fuch Exchequer Bills, to be exchanged for Certificates in purfuance of this Act, (hall not exceed the Sum of Eight Millions Sterling.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers, at the Office of the Pay-mailers of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Perfon and Perfons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or (hall be poflefled of, interefted in, or entitled onto any fuch Exchequer Bills, all the faid Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Eight Millions Sterling, as aforefaid, which any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,, (hall, between the refpe&ive Days aforefaid, have delivered to fuch Officer or Officers; and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any fuch Bills, to mark and cancel thc^ame, and to pay the Intereft that (hall have become due thereupon to the faid Ninth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and to make forth and fign the Certificates herein dire&ed to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in the (aid Bills, and to deliver the fame to the Parties entitled thereto, as foon after the palling of this A& as conveniently can be dooms and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of fuch Certificate*.

III.	And be it further enabled. That all and every Perfon and

Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who (hall have delivered a ay Inch Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforefaid, upon producing fuch Cer^ tificates as are hereby dire&ed tp be ’made forth by the faid Pay-mailers of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in fuch BiU or Bills, (hall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained therein, and fo in proportion for any greater Stim, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned* which (hall be in Lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills; and.the Annuities thereon (hall be payable half yearly at the Bank, of England, an'the Fifth Day of July dnd the Fifth Day. of January in even Year; the Firft Payment to become d?cm the;-fifth Day. of? July Om :	D	3	thoufand

ExclicquerOffice to cancel fclxcha quer bills.

Certificates to entitle t.» certain Annuities pay able at the Tunas herein mentioned.



Digitized by Google





Fore'gn ittich-mer.t*

Annuities payable out ofCon-folid&ted Fund.

Certificates affiliable before

Augufl 1, 1810.

Panic on receiving Certificates to give Credit for Capital Stock.

Stock may be transferred.

Exchequer to iffue Money to Bank for Pay-nenl of Amoui-

C. 23*	5$*	GEO* Ilf*

fhoufand eight hundred and ten, and that all Pferfoas and Corporations entitled to any fuch Annuity or Annuities aforefaid, and his, her and their Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigng refpeftively, and all Perfons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, fhall have good, lure, abfolute and indefeafible Eftatcs and Iflterefts in the faid Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaningof this Aft, until the Redemption thereof, in the manner herein direfted ; and (hill be pofleflTed thereof as of a Perfonal Eftate* which (hail not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the* Cuftom of London, or otherwife 5 any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all the faid Annuities (hall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sums of Money as have been direfted by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament ; and (hall be fubjeft to Redemption by Parliament, in Manner hereinafter mentioned*

V.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Certificates as (hall be delivered in Manner herein before mentioned, (hall be affignable by Indorsement thereupon, made at any Time before the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and ten, arrd no longer, and no fuch Certificate or A (ligament thereupon (hall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faii Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ and their Succeffbrs, or fuch Pertnn or Perfons as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe, and he and they is and are hereby refpeftively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the faid Bills as aforefaid, in pur-fuauce of the Dinftions of this Aft, and upon the Receipt of every fuch Certificate (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in refpeft of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in fuch Certificates fo brought to him or them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books, to be prepared for that Purpofe, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, in the faid Annuities of Five Pounds* fkr Centum per Annum, and the Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whofe Credit fuch Capital Stock (hall be entered in the faid Book or B<*ks, his, her or their Executors, Adminillrators or Afligns, (hall and may have Power to affi^n and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpofe ; and the faid Governor and Company for the time being (hall alfo, on or before the Fifth Day of Ja~ nunry One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, tranfmit an attefted Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the faid Book or Books firft hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

yil. And, for the more eafy and fure Payment of the Annuities eftabhfiied by this Aft, it is hereby further enafted, That the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeffors, fhaH from time to time appoint and employ One or more fufficient Perfon or Perfons within their Office, in the City of London, to be their Chfrfer firft Csflucr or Caflutn, and One other Perfon or Perfons

Digitized by Google

A.D.iflio.

$q° GEO* HI.	C. 23.	§9

foauwhbm the famfe Office to be their Accountant General, and that fo Doch of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the laid Coufolidated Fund, by this A& made applicable for that Puipofe, as (hall be fufficient to anfwer the faid Annuities, (hall, by the Order of the Commiflioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treafurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be fucd for, hod or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the refpeAive Days of Payment in this A€t appointed, be iflued and paid at the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Firft or Chief Calhier or Cadiiers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, for the time being, by way of Impreft and upon Account for the Pay-neat of the faid Annuities, and that fuch Calhier or Calhiers to whom the (aid Monies (hall from time to time be ilfoed, (hall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Courfe of the Exchequer*

VIII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed. That the faid Accountant Accountant Gc General for the time being (hall from time to time infpc& and ex- noral to examine amine all Receipts and Payments of the faid Cafhier or Calhiers, and Cafliier’s Ac-the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Ne- couuu-gligence or Delay.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That all the Monies converted into Money convert-Aunuities after the Rate of' Five Pound3per Centum per jlnnum, by ed into Five per virtue of this A&, or intended fo to be, (hall be aeemed, reputed Cent. Annuities and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and (hail be added to 10,1>C added and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with, and (hall be redeemable at the fame time, and in like manner as the Annuities

carrying an Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per «d.

Annum 9 eftablifhed by the A6to of the Twenty fourth, Twenty fifth,

Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth. Thirty fixth, Thirty feventh, Forty	(

eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for granting Annuities to fatisfyr certain Navy, Victualling and Tranfport Bills, Ordnance Debentures and Exchequer Bills, and that all and every Perfon or Perfons, and Corporations whatfoever, ia proportion to the Money to which he, (he or they (hall become entitled asaforefaid by virtue of this A&, (hall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional Intereft and Share in the faid Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforefaid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Capital or Joint Stock, Mode of trmnf-or any Share or Intereft therein, and the proportional Annuities at- ferri#g Stock, tending the fame, fhall.be afiignable and transferable as this A& di-

ie&s, and not otherwife; and that there (hall conftantly be kept in the Office of the faid Accountant General’for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the faid Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, at the Rate afore-bid, (hall be entered and regiftered, which Entries (hall be conceived in proper Words for diat-Piirpofe, and (hall be figned by the Partiea making fuch Affignments or Transferror' if any fuch Party or Parties be abfent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies therewith , . % lawfully authorized-by Writing under his, her or their t Hands and Seals, to be attetted by Two or .mart credible Witneiesi and that the* Perfbo or Perfons to whom any fuch Transfer ftull be mada

U4	(hall

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

Prorifo.

Count erfeh log Certificates, &c.

Death.

Bank to continue a Corj>oration for the Purpofe of this Adi.

Taking Fet.

Penalty.

B«tkto iwei« a Co®j*ii(*uofl

C. 23.	jo#	GEO.	Ill*

fhall refpe&ively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of afligning or transferring the faid Capital or Joint Stock, and the Annuities attending the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Intereft therein, (hall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp Duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the (aid Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Perfons pof. fefled of any Share or Intereft in the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, may devife the fame by Will in Writing, atteftedbyTwo or more credible Witneffes, but that no Payment (hall be made upon any fuch Devife, until fo much of the faid Will as relates to fuch Eftate, Share or Intereft, be entered in the faid Office ; and that in default of fuch Transfer or Devife as afore* faid, fuch Share, Eftate or Intereft (hall go to the Executors, Ad-ininiftrators, SucccfTors and Affigns.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly adl or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates dire&ed to be made out by this Adl, or any Alfignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or (hall alter any Number, Figure or Word, in any fuch Certificate, or in any Afiign-ment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates or Affignment or Afiignments thereof, or lndorfement or Indorfc-ments thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majefty or; the Go* vernor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or proeuring to be forged nr counterfeited, or willingly acting or affifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publifhing as afore-faid, being thereof convidled iu due Form of Law, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall Suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadled, That the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeffors, notwithftanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in purfuanceof the Adis for cftablilhing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a Corporation for the Purpofes of this Adk, until all the (aid Annuities (hall be redeemed as. aforefaid, and the faid Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, (hall not incur any Difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in purfuance of this A&.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this Adi, upon Pain that any Officer or Perfon offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Adi, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, tube recovered, with full Coils of Suit, by Adtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at IVrJl-minjlery wherein no Effoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injundlion or Order of Reftraiut, or more than One Imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the Com-■uffioaert of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, now

being.

Digitized by

Google

AJD.i8iq.

ro° GEO- ni.

4*

C. 23,24.

being, or the High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Commif- for their doners of the Treafury for the time being, (hall have Power, and Serv ice, tb^r are hereby authorized, out of thefaid Consolidated Fund, to re-waid all fuch Perfons as (hall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Ad, for their Service, Pains and Labour, and alfo to defray foch incident Charges as (hall neceffarily attend the fame, and alfo to fettle and appoint luch Allowances as they (hall think proper, for the *

Service, Pains and Labour of the Ca(hier or Ca(hiers ot the faid Go* terror and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the faid Annuities made payable by this Ad, and aHo for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the faid Accountant General of the faid Governor and Company for performing the Duty and Traft incumbent on or repofed in him by this Ad ; all which Allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refped of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (hall be for the Ufeand Benefit of the faid Governor and Company, and at their Difpofal only, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV. And he it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons dial! a! any time or times be fued, molefted or profecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this Ad, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall-and may plead the General I flue, and give the fpecialMatter in Evi- General IflW. (fence for his or their Defence ; and if a Verdid (hall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall difeontinue bis or their Adion, or be nonfuited, or Judgment (hall be given againft him or them upon Demurrer or otherwife, then fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Cofts to him or them awarded Treble Oft*, againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

['Sccfojl. c. 36.]

C A P. XXIV.

An Ad to amend an Aft, parted in the lad Seflion of Parliament, for completing the Militia of Great Britain; and to make further Provifion for completing the faid Militia.

[i8th^pr/7i8io.]

*	WHEREAS ky an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G.3. c. 5?.

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,An A3 for complete §0.

1 mg the Militia of Great Britain, Provifion is made for placing the

4 Men which (hall be raifed by Beat of Drum for the Regular Mili-4 tia, to fill up Vacancies occasioned by Men having enliffed into the 4 Line, in the Order and Succcffion to be fixed by Ballot in the Form

*	nreferibed by the faid ricited Ad ; and Provifion is alfo made 4 for apportioning, before any Ballot (hall take place, the Men 4 adually enrolled and fo entered as aforefaid, and the Deficien-4 cies to be fupplied ; but no Provifion is made by the faid Aft for 4 placing the Men which fhail be raifed by Beat of Drum over and 4 above any Number which may have enliffed into the Line May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enaded by the King's moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual &ud Temporal, and Comvnons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That

Digitized by CjOOQle

42

A.D. 181c.

C. 24.

50* GEO. III.

Deputy tieate-nants to apportion the Men ntfed by Beat of Drum knd Men railed by Ballot.

ProvJflona in MutinyA&aa* to enliftin^ to extend to railing Men by Beat of Drum for Militia.

How Families of Perfons raifed by Beat of Drum (hall be relieved.

Protifions of Mutiny A&9 relating to Apprentices to extend to Militia.

That it (hall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of the fevcral Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Places in Eng-land and Scotland refpedlively, and they are hereby required at *ny General Meetings which (hall beheld, relating to the Regular Militia, or which (hall be affcmbled, and which General Meetings are hereby required to be aflembled in cafe it (hall be ncceffary, to apportion and dillribute any fuch Excefs of Men raifed by Beat of Drum over and above the Number of Vacancies occafioned by enlifting into the Line, and it (hall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meetings to be held for that Purpofe, to alter, from time to time, any fuch Apportionment*, and make new and further Apportionments or Diftiibutions, and place any Men fo apportioned or distributed or applied as aforefaid to any other Parilhes, in cafe it (hall appear to be neceffary for the making a juft Diftribution of the Men fo raifed by Beat of Drum as aforefaid; and all fuch Apportionment* and Dillributions (hall be made among the feveral Parilhes either by Ballot and entering upon Lifts of the Names of the Parifhe3 or otherwife, and in any fuch Manner as (hall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants at any fuch Meeting moil effedtuaily to produce an equal and juft Diftribution of the Men raifed by Beat of Drum among the Parilhes, and Apportionment of Men to be raifed by Ballot under the faid Adi; and the Men entered and placed to any Parilhes under any fuch Diftribution or Apportionment (hall theuce-* forth be deemed to belong to fuch Parilhes, as to Relief of the Families of fuch Men, or thereafter fupplying of any Vacancies, in like Manner as if fuch Men had been provided as Subftitutes or Volunteers .for fuch Pari(lie8 refpedlively.

4 II. And whereas Doubts have arifen whether the Provifions con-4 tained in any Adi for punilhing Mutiny and Defertion, in relation 4 to the enlifting of Soldiers for His Majefty’s Service apply to the 4 enlifting of Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia Be it therefore enaflcd, That all the Provifions contained in any Adi of Parliament in force for the Punilhment of Mutiny and Defertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enlifting any Men for His Maicfty’s Army, (hall, as far as the fame can be made applicable to the Men enlifted for the Regular Militia, be applied and ufed, and put in full force by all Juftsces of the Peace and others, and all Perfons authorized to raife Men by Beat of Drum for the Militia, and preventing Frauds and abfeond-ing by Perfons enlifted, and for the Protection of Perlons havirg haftily enlifted, as fully and effeftuallv as if all fuch Provifions were repeated and re-enadled as to the railing Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia.

III.	And be it further enadled, That Families of all Perfons failed by Beat of Drum and enrolled in the Regular Militia, if entitled to Relief, (hall be relieved by the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifties where they refide at the time of the Man enlifting into the Militia, and fuch Parifties (hall be repaid the Amount of fuch Relief by the Parifti to tfhich fuch Man (hall be placed, in like Manner as iny Sum given for the Relief of Families of Militia Men are repaid to Parilhes having advanced the fame under any A61 relating to the Militia..

IV.	And be it further enabled, That all the Provifions contained in any A& in force for the Punilhment of Mutiny or Defertion ; and

the

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

, 45

50* GEO. IIL	C.	24, 25.

ike better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the eoHfting of Apprentices and the claiming Apprentices by their Matters, and the Punifhment of any Apprentices, and their Liability to Service after the Expiration of the Indentures, and all other Pro-vifion* in any fuch Aft hi relation to Apprentices or their Mailers* fall, from and after the pafling of this Aft, extend or be conilrued to extend to all Apprentices who (hall enlift or enrol themfelves as Subftitutes or Volunteers in the Regular Militia, and to the Mailers of fuch Apprentices, as fully and effeftually as if the fame were fe-terally and feparately repeated and re-ena6led in this Aft.

V. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed by cny Aft or Afts to be patted in this prefent Scflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Aft to amend feveral Afts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain.	' [18 th April 1810.]

4 TXT HE REAS an Aft patted in the Forty eighth Year of the

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Ad for en-4 ailing His nfajejly to ejtablijh a permanent Local Militia Force, under 1 certain Rejlridions, for the Defence of the Realm : And whereas an ( Aft patted in the lad Sefiion of Parliament, intituled, An Ad to 4 amend and render more effectual an Ad paffed in the lajl SeJJion of Par-

*	for enabling His Majefly to ejtablijh a permanent Local Mill-

*	tia Force, under certain Rejlridions,for the Defence of the Realm :

4 And whereas an Aft patted in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign

*	of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Ad for enabling His Majefly 4 h efiablijb a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain { Rejlridions, for the Defence of the Realm : Aud whereas an Aft

*	patted in the lift Scflion of Parliament, intituled, An Ad to amend 4 and render more eft dual,,an Ad faffed in the lajl Seffion of Parliament,

*	for enabling His Majefly to eflabltjb a permanent Local Militia Force in 4 Scotland, under certain Rejlridions, for the Defence of the Realm : i And whereas another Aft patted in the laft Seflion of Parliament,

4 intituled. An Ad to amend feveral Ads paffed in the lajl and prefent 4 Stjftons of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia : And whereas it 4 is expedient that further Proviiions (houldhe made in relation to the 4 Local Militia eftablifhed by the faid recited Afts ;* Be it therefore enafted by the -King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in every Cafe in which His Majefly, by His Secretary of State or otherwife, (hall have ordered and direfted, or fliall hereafter order and direft, that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed to remain on permanent Pay, fliall be reduced in any Proportion below the Number allowed by the feveral Afts relating to the Local Militia of Englandand Scotland refpec-vely, it (hall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with'the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant afting for the Lieutenant, in cafe the Lieutenant fhall be abfent, and of His Majefty’s Secretary of State, to agree with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, dr any of them, or with any other

Perfons

Digitized by

Google

Aft altered/Ae.

48 C.3.C. 111.

49 G. 3. c. 40.

48 G. 3. c. 150.

49 G. 3tC. 48.

49 G. 8. C. S2.

I11 cafr of Reduction of Serjeants, &c. of ' Local Militia on permanent Pay, Commandants of Cori* may agre* with Seijcants, &c. to ferve on reduced Pay.

44

A.D.i8io

C. 25.	50° GEO. Ill,

Perfens willing to engage to ferve as fuch, to ferve a* Serjeants* Corporals and Drummers upon any reduced Pay, during the Periods of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps not being embodied or affem-bled for Exercife, in fuch Manner as to the Number of Daya* Pay to be allowed, or the Redudtion of any Proportion of the Pay per Diem, as (hall be authorized by the Secretary of State in that IJe-liaif; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to ferve as fuch upon any luch reduced Pay as aforefaid, (hall take the following Oath before fome Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace of the County, or Magiftrate of the Place to the Local Militia of which be (hall belong; which Oath every fuch Deputy Lieutenant, Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, is hereby authorized to adminifter 3 (that is to fay),

4 1 A* B. do engage to ferve as a [Serjeant t Corporal or Drummer as 4 A the Cafe may be] in the Local Militia of

«	until I (hall be duly difeharged, upon the Term#

*	of receiving	during	fuch Periods

*	as fuch Local Militia (hall not be embodied or affembled for Exer-« cife.’

And every fuch Oath (hall be reduced to Writing, and figned and attefted by the Deputy Lieutenant, Juftice of the Peace or Ma. gillrate adminiftcring the fame, and delivered to the Commanding Of* ficer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Scijeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall belong, and a Duplicate thereof (hall, if required, be given to the faid Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer fo engaging to ferve on fuch reduced Pay as aforefaid, (hall be compellable to ferve in the Local Militia for the full Period of his Services under the Adis relating to the Local Militia, in the fame manner as if he had received the full Pay of his Rank therein, and (hall be fubjedt to the Provifions contained in any Adt of Parliament which (hall be then in force for the Punilhment of Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in purfuance thereof; and it (hall be lawful for any Commanding OiHcer of Local Militia who (hall engage any Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to ferve upon fuch reduced Pay, to retain fuch Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as (hall be allowed by His Majelty,s Secretary of State in that Behalf, fo as that the whole Amount of fpeh reduced Pay (hall not exceed fhe Amount of the full Pay of the Number allowed in any fuch Order of Reduction as aforefaid ; any Thing in any Adt or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 II. And whereas Doubts have arilen whether any Officer or Non-4 commiffioned Officer, or Private, in the Local Militia, can be tried 4 or punifhed after the difembodying of the Regiment, Battalion or 4 Corps of Local Militia to which he (hall belong, or the Period of 4 training and exercifing of fuch Regiment (hall have expired, or the 4 fame (hall have been difmifled after the Supprefuon of any Riot or 4 Tumult, for any Offence committed againft any Adi in force for 4 the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion or Articles of War made 4 in purfuance thereof, during the Period of fuch Regiment being 4 embodied or affembled for training and Exercife or the Supprci-4 fion of Riots ; and it is expedient that fuch Doubt (hould be re*

4 moved ;* Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Noncommif-

fioned

Digitized by

Google

A-D.iSio.

45

GEO. III.	C. a$.

fioord Officer and Private Man of the Local Militia, who (hall, during Offences may be the Period of the Regiment, Battalion'or Corps to which he (hall	aCourt

belong, being embodied or aflemblcd for training and Excrcife, or	.*	“

for the Suppneflion of Riots and Tumults, have been guilty of any giment,&c. if Offence againft any Aft of Parliament in force for the Punifhment committed prior of Mutiny and Dcfertion, or any Articles of War made in purfuance thereto, of any fucii Aft, and fhall have been put undfer Arrefl for, or fhall hare been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion br Corps, to have committed fuch Offence .before the difembodying or Dif-miffal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial, confiiiing of Officers of the Militia, and if found guilty may be punifhed for fuch Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Officer, Non-com-miffioned Officer or Private Man (hall belong, fhall not then be embodied or aflemblcd, in like Manner as any Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or Private Man of the Regular Militia may be tried during the Period of the Regular Militia being embodied.

III.	And beit further enafted. That from and after the palling D*yiofMuftw of this Aft, the Numbet of Days of Attendance at Muller and Ex- *nd Exercifc. ercifeof Volunteer Corps to entitle any Perfon ferving in Volunteer •Corps to Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia and the Local Militia, fltall be Eighteen Days, or any fuch Number of Days not exceeding Eighteen, as fhall from time to time be fixed by His Majefty by any Order of his Principal Secretary of State, infleadof Twenty four Days, any Thing in an Aft patted in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeity relating to Volunteer Corps, or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary ootwitbHanding; and the faid Aft and all Afts and Provifions in any Afts of Parliament relating to the Muftering and Exercilihg and Exemptions of Volunteer Corps, fhall be conttrued, as to all Returns and Certificates of Commanding Officers of fuch Corps or others, as if the Number of Days fpecified had been Eighteen, or fuch Number as fhall be fo fixed as aforefaid inlfead of Twenty four 5 and fuch Number of Eighteen Days or fuch other Number as aforefaid,

(ball in like manner be divided into Six Days, or Three equal Parts in each Four Months, in Head of Eight Days as is jn the faid Aft provided, with fuch Provifions as to making good any Number of Days at different Periods, as is provided in relation to the Days of Exer-cife fpecified in the faid Afts ; and every Certificate fhall fpecify the Number of Days of Exercifc of the Perfon claiming the Benefit thereof.

IV.	And beit further enafted, That for providing proper Depdts IVpAtsforArro% for the Arms, Cloathing and Accoutreraei t« of the Regiments, &c. »n Scotland. Battalion*, and Corps or Companies of Local Militia in Scotland, it Audi be lawful for the Clerks of General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, at the Requeft of the Officer commanding any fuch Regiment, Battalion, ot Corps or Company; to draw upon the Colleftor of the Cefs in each County refpeftively, for any Sum on account of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps or Company, not exceeding the Proportion of Ten Pounds Sterling for every Six hundred Men, in any One year, and which Sum fhall be piid to the Commanding Officer requiring the Clerk to draw for the fame, and (hall be by him applied ih providing fuch Dep6t, and fhall be regularly ac- Collector* of th« counted for by the J^roduftibn of Receipt* for the. Money expended

in 1>eDCe‘

Digitized by Google



A.D.i8rt.

48 G. 3. C. 111.

i 48‘

oufprnfion of Fines for Defi-

Conftables to make Returns, and afccrraiu Dcficinw’ics to be lupplied.

Penalty.

Receiving Pcun-ty, and not declaring Nan*, &c.

C. aj.	5o3	GEO. III.

in providing the faid Dep6ts, which Receipts (hall be delivered to the Colleftor of the Cefs, and (hall be a Discharge to him in his Accounts, and (hall be delivered,by him as Caflito the Receiver General of the Cefs or Land Tax in Scotland.

* V. And whereas fufficient Provifion is not made in the faid recited 4 Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, for procuring Returns of 4 Deficiencies forahe Purpofe of having the fame fupplied before the.

•	Fourteenth Day of February > as in the faid Aft mentioned ; and it

*	is therefore expedient that the Provilion in the faid Aft contained 4 in relation to the Fines by the faid Aft impofed for not fupplying 4 Deficiencies (hall be fufpended;’ Be it therefore further enafted, That as much of the faid lad recited Act as euafts, that a Fine of Fifteen Pounds fhall be raifed and paid in refpeft of ever}' Man deficient on the Fourteenth Day of February, (liaU be and the fame is hereby fufpended : Provided always, that every County, Hundred and Parilh, (hall be fubjeft to the full Penalties by the faid Aft impofed and hereby fufpended, in refpeft of every Man of any Regiment afiem-bled for Training and Exercife, not joining during fuch Training and Exercife, and whofe Vacancy (hall not be fupplied within Three Months after the Day of afferabling of the Local Militia to which fuch Man fhall have belonged, and fuch Proportion of fuch Fine (hall be returned within the Periods of One and Two Months refpec-tively after the Expiration of fuch Three Months, as are in the faid Aft fpecified in relation to Deficiencies fupplied within certain Periods after the Fourteenth Day of February.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Con-ftables and other Officers of all Parifhcs and Places for which any Local Militia Man (hail be ferving, (hall make diligent Enquiry as to all Meti enrolled in the Local Militia, for the Panffies or Places for which they (hall refpeftively be Con {fables, and fhali, before the Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the Subdivifion within which fuch Parilhes or Places (hall be, a true Account of all Perfons ferving for fuch Parilh or Plac* in the Local Militia, fpecifying fuch as (hall have died or left their Rcfidence, and whether the Perfons not then refiding in fuch Parilh or Place (hall have wholly left fuch Parilh or Place, or (hall (till retain any Houfe, Refidence or Lodging, in fuch Pari(h or Place, and alfo the Place to which fuch Perfons (hall have gone as have changed their Refidencea, if the fame can be afeertained ; and every Conftable who (ball negleft or refufe to make any fuch Return, or (hall wilfully make any falfe Return, (hall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Aft relating to the Militia; and all Deficiencies which (hall by any fuch Returns be afeertained to have taken place, and (hall have been returned to the Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings of the Divifion or Place in which the fome (hall have arifon, before the Fourteenth Day of November is any Year, (hall be fapplied before the Fourteenth Day of February next fuoceedang, under fuch Penalty for any Default therein as is fpecified in the faid recited Aft.

VII.	Abd be it further eaafted, That every Perfon who (hail have received any Bounty in refpeft of being enrolled in the Local Militia who (hall afterwards ad HI, a ad who (hall not declare his true Name and the parilh for which he ia ferving, fo as to enable a

S	Pedu&ioq

AJD.iZio.

47

50° GEO. III.	C. 25*

Dedn&on and Return and Repayment to be made in refped of fuel* Bounty, and every Serjeant or Non.commiflioned Officer who (hall knowingly eclift any fuch Perfon and not dedud fuch Bounty, (hail forfeit double the Amount of the Bounty fo to be deduced, to he flopped out of the Pay of the Man fo enlifting, or of fuch Serjeant or Non-commiffioned Officer, in fuch Manner, and in fuch Proportion, as the Commanding Officer of the Rjjiment into which fuch Man fball enlift, and fuch Serjeant.or Non-commiffioned. Officer flail belong refpedively, (hall dired, fo as that the fame (hall be ftopc, and the whole of fuch Fine remitted and paid to the Agent Geaeral for the Local Militia, or to his Order, for the Ufe of the Paiifli entitled to the Return of Bounty* .

VIII. And be it further enabled, That every Local Militia Man enlifting or entering into the Army, Nary or Marines, or being enrolled as a Volunteer or Subftitute in the embodied Militia, (hall declare to the Perfon from whom he (hall receive the Bounty upon fuch Entitling, Entering or Inrolment, the Regiment of Local Militia to which he belonged, and the Period at which he was enrolled therein, and for what Parilh, and in what County, he was ferving, aadthe AmounLof the Bounty (if any) which he received on beiug* fo enrolled in the Local Militia; and the Sum which (hall have been, paid to fuch Local Militia Man, upon his being enrolled in the Local Militia, (hall be deduded from the Bounty to- which fuch Man (hall be entitled upon entitling into Hia Majefty’s Regular Forces, or into the Regular Militia, (as the cafe may be,) and (hall be paid, if fuch Perfon (hall enlift into the Line, to the Paymailer of the Diffirid into which fuch Man hall enlift, and accounted for to the Parifhfor which fuch Man was ferving, and (hall be repaid to fuch Parilh wider the Provifions of this Ad; and t!\e Name of the Perfon £0 edifting, and the Regiment and County to which he belonged, and the Parilh for which he was ferving, and the Amount of the Bounty paid to the Paymafter of the Diftrid, (hall be returned by the Officer commanding the Party with which fuch Man (hall have en-lifted, to the Agent General of the Local Militia, and (hall be repaid to the Parilh entitled thereto, in fuch manner, and under fuch Order, as (hall be made by fuch Agent General in that Behalf.

* IX. And whereas .certain Perfons have been enrolled for the ‘ Local Militia by Juilices of the Peace, without any Deputy Lieu*

*	tenant being prefent at fuch Enrolment, and it is expedient that

•	fads Enrolment (hould be made valid ;* Be it. therefore ena&ed. That the Enrolment of all fuch Perfons who (hall have been .fo enrolled before the palling of this Ad, .and (hall have taken the Oaths, (hall be deemed good, valid and effe&ual as if the fame had bees made before any Deputy Lieutenant at. any peering of Lieutenancy; and the faid Juftices are hereby indemnified for and or) account of the fame, and releafed and difeharged from all Adions, Suits, Penalties and Forfeitures, .whatever, incurred by reafon of having made any fuch Enrolments.

X. And be it further enaded, That the Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and Enfigns (hall be of the fame yearly Value, if Real Eftate, or of the fame Amount in Value, if Perfonal Eftate, as the Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and Enfigns refpedively in the Regular Militia, for Cities and Towns being Counties of them-feties; that is to fay, For a Captain, an {Iftate of the Yearly

Value

Penalty.

Local Militia Men enlifting into the Army, &c. to declare the Regiment.

Bounty, for which ferring, &c.

Indemnity U* Juftices who have enrolled fot Local Militia without Deputy laeute- *• nSnt being pr**-lent.

Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and En-f» jps In Local

Militia.

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.iSio

4*

Officers in Fcn-ciblr Regiment*.

*sG.3. «. ill. Certain Apportionments und Enrolments valid.

Future Apportionments.

Frovifo for Friendly Societies.

Apprentices.

Exemption by Nwt-enrolment.

Aft altered, &c.

Cs2$*	50°	GEOt III.

Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds or Perfonal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Two thoufand five hundred Pounds 5 and for a Lieutenant, an Eftate of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds* or Perfonal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and for an Enfign, an Eftate of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or Perfonal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Fouphundred Pounds.

XI. Aad be it further enabled, That every Officer who (hall have held any Commrffion in any Fencible Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall be eligible and qualified to hold any Commiilion of the fame Rank in the Local Militia, without any other Qualification; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithftandir.g.

* XII. And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Apportionments

*	and Enrolments of Men for the Local Militia which have been

*	made for Parifties in which the Volunteers aftually ferving have

*	not been taken as Part of the Number required by the faid rpcited

*	Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid for fuch Parifties for the 4 Local Militia; and it is expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be 4 removedBe it therefore declared and enafted. That all fuch Apportionments and Enrolments, and all Afts, Matters and Things done and made in purfuance thereof, (hall be deemed good, valid and effeftual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever 5 provided always, that in every fuch cafe all future Apportionments for the fupplyingof any Deficiencies or Vacancies which may thereafter arife in any County or Divifion, or Part of any County or Parifties, in or for which any fuch Apportionments have been made, or Enrolments have taken place, (hall have regard to the Volunteers aftually ferving in the feveral Divifions or Parts of the County, or in or for the feveral Parifties thereof, or Part of the Quota or Proportions of Local Militia of fuch Divifions, Parts or Parifties.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Member of any Friendly Society, ferving or entering to ferve in the Local Militia, (hall by fuch Service be fubjeft to any Fine or Penalty impofed by fuch Society for Non-attendance during the time of fuch Service; any thingxin any Rule or Bye-Law of fuch Society notwithftanding.

XIV.	,And be it further enacted, That it (hall not be lawful for any Apprentice, being a Member of any Volunteer Corps, to transfer himfelf into the Local Militia without the Confentof his Mafter.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That every Perfon who (hall have been ballotted, and alfo (hall have paid any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, (hall be exempt from being balloted to ferve in the Regular Militia for the Period of Two Year3 from the Period of his having been ballotted to ferve in the Local Militia.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by an^ Aft or Afts to be made in this prefect Seffion of Parliament.

Digitized by Google

CAP.

C. 26,

50* GEO. III.

4P

CAP. XXVI.

An AO for granting a Duty on Foreign plain Linen taken out of Warehoufe and exported to Foreign Parts.

[ 18th April 1810.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that plain Linen of all Sort*

*	W (except Sail Cloth) imported into Great Britain, and‘

*	fecured in Warehoufes according to Law without Payment of

*	Duty, fhould on the Exportation thereof from any fuch Warehoufe

*	for Foreign Parts be charged with a Duty of Cuftoms according to

*	the Value thereofBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Molt

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritnal and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this Aft, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, upon Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth) which (hall have been or may be fo lodged and fecured in any Warehoufe in the Port of London, under the Regulations of an Aft pafled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prcfent Majefty, intituled. An AS for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duior in any Warehoufe at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of nis faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS to extend the Proviftons of an AS made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Majefty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoufed in Great 1 Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and for other Purpofes (a), and which (hall be exported from any fuch Warehoufe for Foreign.Parts, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of fuch Linen the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Value, to be afeertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Exporters of fuch Linen, or of his known Agent or Faftor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Reft rift ions, and fubjeft to the fame* Penalties and Forfeitures as arc made and provided for afeertaining, railing and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value' thereof, by an Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties b lieu thereof.	(/*)	[This Title of 46 G. 3. c. 137. is not

correSly JlatedSj

II. And be it further enafted, That the Duties hereby granted (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms ia England and Scotland refpeftively for the time being, and (hall be appropriated and applied as the Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize charged according to the Value thereof, are* direfted to be appropriated and applied by the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty.

[See as to Repayment of Duties on Foreign Linen warehoufed in certain Cafes, pojt. c. 39.]

Duty on Exportation of plain Linen fecured In Warehoufe under 43 G. 3. c. 133. and

46 G. 9. c. 137.

49 G. 3. C. 98.

Duties to be under Commlf-iionera of Cui-toms.

50 Geo. III.	£

x a r.

Digitized by Gooqle

C. 27, 28.

J®

I9&306. 3. p.) c. 34.

36 G. 3. -(I.) •.37.

40 G. 3. (|.) e. 17,

Continued tffl

March 23th, 1331.

Cap. 7. ante.

Allowance by JS®n-Commif-fiontd Othcera, &c. for Diet, JStc. in Quart Tain England;

jo° GEO. HI.

AD. 1810.

CAP. XXVII.

An ASt to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirty one, certain A&s made in the Parliament of Ireland, for ^e better Regulation of the Silk Maqufatlure.	™ f 18th April 1810.}

*	TTTHEREAS an Ad was made in the Parliament of Ireland

•	VY in the Seflion held in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Year 4 of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An AS for the better

•	Regulation of the Silk Manufacture ; and by an Ad made in the.

*	Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent 4 Majefty's Reign, the faid recited Ad was continued, explained 4 and amended; and by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland 4 in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, the faid 4 recited Ad was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thoufand eight hundred and ten ; and it is expedient that the 4 faid Two firft recited Ads fhould be further continued;' Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aifembled, and by tbe Authority of tbe fame, That the faid Two fir ft recited Ads (hall be continued, and (hall be in force from the faid Twenty fifth. Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, until and upoa the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirty one, and no longer*

CAP. XXVIII.

An Ad for increafing the Rates of Subfiftence to* be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[18th May 1810 ]

4 IT THE RE AS by an Ad oaffed in the prefent Seflion of Pav-4 VV liament, for punching Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the 4 berter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are 4 ctUhliflied in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland, called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the 4 Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and 4 others on whom Non-commiffioned Officers and Private Soldiers

•	are quartered and billet ted, who (hall be furnifhed with Diet and 4 Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to fuch 4 Innholders and others, to furnifh certain Articles gratis, in lieu 4 of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prefaribed: And whereas •the Rules prescribed for furnifhing Soldiers with Neoeflariee we^ 4 in many In fiances, become, from the high Price of Provisions* 4 inadequate, and are prod unlive of Difirefs to fuch Innholders and

•	others;' May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be cna&ed; and be it enaded by the King's Molt Excellent Majeily* by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual asd Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemhkd, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Non*coiiuiufliooed Officer: and Private Soldier who fhall be furnifhed with Diet and Small Beer within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholder*, or other Perfons on whom fuch Non-commiflioned Officers or Private -Soldiers (hall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the (aid Ad, ftuli

Digitized by Google



C sk

jo* GEO. m.



pay ud allow for the fame One Shitting and Four pence per j)ann (0); and that the Accounts of the fame (hail be tendered, aad Payment thereof made, in like maimer as is directed in the fhkl A& now hi force touching the former Rates of Seven pence per Deem for the Cavalry, and Five pence per Diem for the Infantry.

(*) [Eight Fence per Diem for a Dinner inftead of the above Move* me, fop. c. 96. § 1. J

II.	And be it further ena£Ud, That in cafe any Innholders or •"*! other Perfons on whom any Non-commiflioned Officers or Private

Men (hall be quartered within the aforefaid Parts of the United King- *in lieu thereof, dom, (hall, by virtue of the faid Option in the faid A&, furniffi fuch UoD-commiffioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of fumiftiing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates pre-(icribed by this A6t, fuch Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non-commiflioned Oflicefs or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the’ bid Articles fhafl have been fa fupplied, (hall receive, in confideration thereof. One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non-commiflioned Officer aad Soldier, inftead of furniffiing the fame gratis, as required by the (aid A6t 5 which Sum of (Sie Halfpenny per Diem (hall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is dire&ed touching the Rates aforefaid1.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Sum to be paid* to Ehr Hay mb the Innholder or other Pcrfon within the aforefaid Parts of the Straw for Horfw United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His

Majefty'* Forces (hall be quartered by virtue of the faid A&, for Hay and Straw, (hall he One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horfe, inftead of Six pence per Diem as dire&ed m the faid

* IV. And whereas the Provifions contained in the faid recited Recited A& in 9 AA, with rcfpe& to the Manner of dieting within the aforefaid part repealed*

* Parts of the United Kingdom Non-commiflioned Officers and 9 Soldiers on a March, or employed in Recruiting, and likewife the 9 Recruits by them railed, have been produ&ive of much Incon-9 venicnce, as well to the Troops, as the Innholders 5’ Be it further eaaded, That fo much of the faid recked Adi as relates to thq manner of furniflung Non-commiflioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewife the Recruits by (hem raifed, with Diet or other Proviflon, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further enadled, That all Non-commiflioned Officers Dieting Non -md Soldiers (hall be entitled to receive theiF Diet and Small Beer CommiffioneJ from the Innholders or other Perfons on whom they may be bHletted, Officers on within, the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates Mwchregu-bereinbefore preferibed, while on the March, as alfo on and for the “Led* of their Arrival at the Place of their tinal Deftination, and 00 the Two fubfequent Days, unlefs either of the Two fubfequent Dajs (hall be a Market Day in and Fof the Town or Place where fach Officers or Soldiers (hall be billeted, or within the Diftance of Two Miles thereof; in which cafe it (hall and may be lawful tor the lan iolder, or other Perfon as aforefaid, to difeontinue on and from fuch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to fon-iih 10 lira thereof the Articles in the faid recited Att fpecified ; tod at the Rate hereinbefore preferibed.

Ad.

Ea

VI. Provided

Digitized by

Google



C. 28.

50* GEO. IIL

A.D.1810.

Paying Money in lieu of furoilhing Diet, &*.

Penalty.

Halting; entitled to Diet, &c.

Halting after Arrival on Market Day, & c, Diet notdiicoKiunued,

Recruiting Parties, ftc.on March, Rcgula-tfioru.

VI.	Provided always, That if any Viftualleror other Perfon liable by the faid recited Aft to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, (hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non-coramif-fioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of fumifhing in Kind, the Diet and Small Beer, to which fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the faid Aft, every fuch Viftualler or other Perfon may be proceeded againft and fined in like manner as if he or (he had refufed to furnifh or allow according to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, the feveral Things refpeftively direfted to be furnifhed to Non-commiffioned Officers or Soldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided alfo, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, (hall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto fhall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Perfons on whom they fhall be billetted at fuch intermediate Place, for fuch time only for which they would, be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Deflination, according to this Aft.

VIII.	Provided ncverthelefs, That whenever it fhall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March, fhall be halted, and it fhall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that fuch Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, fhall halt for any longer time than One intire Day

'after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after fuch Arrival (hall be fuch Market Day as aforeiaid, it (hall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Perfons on whom the Non-commiffioned Officers and Soldiers fhall be billetted* to difcontiuue on fuch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any fuch Officers or Soldiers ; but that all fuch Officers and Soldiers, fhall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from fuch Innholders and other Perfons aforefaid, upon fuch Market Day as aforefaid, at the Rates hereinbefore preferibed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if fuch Day had not been a Market Day ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithltanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That alt Non-commiffioned Officers

and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raifed, fhall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlifted after the Two Days fubfequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, fhall be entitled to be fupplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore preferibed, except at the Option of the Perfon on whom he fhall be quartered : Provided alfo neverthelefs, that in cafe any fuch Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raifed, fhall remove from their Station, and after a time mall return to the fame Place, they and the Recruits by them raifed, fo returning, fhall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for fuch Two Day8 as aforefaid, unlefs the Period between the time of their Removal from fuch Place, and their Return thereto, fhall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.	'.

X. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

53

50° GEO. III.

G. 28, 2p*

49 G. 3.C. 94.

§18.

X.	And be it further enafted, That this A61 (hall have Continuance Continuance, from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred

and ten until the Tweuty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Aft A& altered* &c. may be altered and varied by aoy Aft to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

[Powers of this AS extended to c. 96. pojl. fee § 2. of that Ad.~\

CAP. XXIX.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the lad Seffion of Parliament, for

amending the Irijb Road Afts.	Qi8th May 1810.]

9 TT7 HEREAS by an Aft made in the lad Seffion of Parliament,

4 VV intituled, An AS for amending the Irifii Road Ads, it was,

4 among other Things, enacted, That from and after the End of the 4 fevend Lent Affizes which (hall be held in Ireland in the Year One 4 thoufand eight hundred and ten, no Affidavit for the accounting 4 for the Repairs of any Road (hall be allowed by the Grand Jury or 4 by the Court at any Affizes or Presenting Term in or for any 4 County or County of a City or Town in Jr land, unlefs it fhall be 4 Specially dated in fuch Affidavit that there is not on either Side of 4 any Part of the Road fpecificd in Inch Affidavit, any Grip,

4 Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other fufficient Defence 4 between fuch Grip, Trench or Drain, and the Side of fuch Road :

•	And whereas in many Parts of Ireland the Building of fuch 1 Walls or other fufficient Fences may be attended with great Ex-4 penceBe it therefore enafted by the King's Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, and the Court at any Affizes or OSoher Seffion to be held in Ireland\ to allow any Affidavit for the accounting for the Repairs of any Road (not being a Road on which His Majefty's Mails are conveyed in Mail Coaches or Four-wheeled Carriages drawn by Two or more Horfes) without its being dated, as is required by the faid recited Aft, that 44 there is not any Grip,

44 Trench or Drain without a Wall or other fufficient Fence between 4‘ the fame and the Side of the Road,” provided that it appears that no former Grand Jury prefented a Sum for making fuch Wall or Fence: any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where any new Line of Road fhall have been furveyed, approved of, and prefented by any Grand Jury and Court at any Affizes, whereby any Mail Coach Road now in Ufe, or any Part of fuch Road (hall be propofed to be avoided; it (hall he lawful for the Grand Jury and the Court to allow any. Affidavit for accounting for the temporary Repair of the Part of fuch Mail Coach Road as is fo to be avoided, although it (ball not be fpecially Hated in any fuch Affidavit that there is not on either Side of any Part of the Road fpecified in fuch Affidavit, any

*	Grip, Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other “ fufficient Defence 44 between fuch Grip, Trench or Drain, and the Side of fuch Road any thing in the faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament to the contrary notwithftandiug.

E 3	HI. And

Grand Jury, &c. may allow Affidavits without Statement required by recited A&i

and alio Affidavits refpe&ing temporary Repairs.

Digitized by

Google

54

Otci&ew to <nter in Affidavit Amount of Sums awarded for Damages for ntkinp a*ay Gravel, &c.

c. 29,30, 31.

jo® GEO* III*

A.D.ttao.

.36 G. 3. (I.) C. 55.

A& altered.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That in every Affidavit for accounting for any Presentment for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any Bridge, Arch, (roilet, Gaol, Seflion-houfe, Work-houfe, Houfe of Correftion, Pipe or Wall, or for the making, repairing or preferving any Road or Footpaths, or for the making Drama in order to carry off any Water which might injure any Bridge, Gullet, Arch, Pipe, Wall or Road, the Overleer making the fame {haU enter in the Account annexed -thereto as an Ilea or Item com-pofing Part of the Sum to be accounted for, the Amount of any Sum or Sums which may have been warded for Damages incurred by his having taken away from the Grounds or Lands belonging to any Perfon any Stones, Gravel, Sand or Earth, for the Purpofe of executing the Preferments which fuch Affidavit is to account for the Expenditure of, purfuant to an Ad pafled in Ireland in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the Amendment of Public Roads, whether the probable Ex pence may -or may not have been eftimated previous to obtaining the Pnefentment.

IV.	And be it further etiafted, That this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft to be pafled in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Aft to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland, upon holding Inquifitions.	[18th	May 1810.]

*	WJ PEREAS Coroners in Ireland are at confiderable Expence

*	W in holding Inquifitions, and are not fufficiently paid for the

* fame;y Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Mjfl Excellent Majefty, by aad with the Advice and Confent of the Loids Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-femhled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may he lawful for tlie Grand Jury of each County in Ireland, County o£ a City, and County of a Town, at each Aflizes or Presenting Term, to prefent any Sum not exceeding Five Guineas for each and every Inqutft which any Coroner of that County (hall have held flnee the prereding Aflizes or Prefentiag Term; to be paid to the Treafurer of fuch County, and by him to the Coroner who (hall have held the fame, Proof being tirft made to the Satisfaction of the Graud Jury of his having made due Return of fuch Inqueft to laid Aflizes or pre-feuting Term : Provided always, that the Money to be presented as aforelaid, at any one Aflizes or Presenting Term (hall nQt exceed in the Whole the Sum of Forty Guineas.

in Dublin. II. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to Inquifltions held in Gaols in the County or County of the City of Dvblirj.

What Sum Grand Jury may prtfent, for Imjueft.

c§G s.c.no.

CAP, XXXI,

An Aft for augmenting the Salaries of the Lords of Seflion, Lords Commiffoners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland.	[i8tb May	1810.J

•	TY7HEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Thirty ninth Year of 4 VV the Reign of His preient Majefty, intituled, /In AS far the

*	Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Weft-

‘HwtUr

Digitized by C^ooQle

AD. 18 io.

50* GEO. III.	C	31.	$|

1 mmfter Hill: and alfo of the Lords of Seffion, Lords Commiffoncrs 4 of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and for

*	enabling His Majefty to grant Annuities to Perfons in certain Offices 4 in the fetid Courts in Weft minder Hall, on the Refgnation of their ‘ reffeeSivc Offices: And whereas another AH was paffed in the

*	Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His prefent g$&4*G.3,

*	Majefty, to amend fo much of the faid in part recited A61, as c. 55.

*	relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of S'dfion,

9 Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland: And whereas another Ad

4 was palled in the lath Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An AS for 49 G, a.c. 137. 9 further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts 9 in Weftminfter Hall, and of the Chief and Second Jujlice of Cheiler, f amd Jufi'ues of the Great Seffions in Wales: And whereas an Ad

*	was patted in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of 36 0. 3. (I.)

9 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for increafing c. 26.

*	the Salaries of the Chief Jufices and other Judges of His Maie/ly9s 4 Courts of King9s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron 9 9 and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom : And

% whereas it is expedient that a further Augmentation fhould be	•

4 made in the Salaries of the Lords of Seffion, Lords Commiflioners 4 of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland \ and alfo ia 4 the Salaries of the Puifne Judges of the Courts of King** Bench 4 and Common Pleas, and the Puifne Barons of the Court of Exche*

4 quer in Ireland;9 We Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Sub-

jeds, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, in Parliament afTembled, do mod humbly befeech Your

Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s

Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parlia*

ment afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of

the faid recited Ads paffed in the Thirty ninth ar.d the Thirty ninth Rclatingte

and Fortieth Years and Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Amount of Stla-

Majefty, as relates to the Amounts of the Sums to be paid as Sa^	1,0	°*

laries refpedively, to the Lords of Seffion, Lords Commiffioners of	c‘^*

Judiciary, and Barons of the Excliequer in Scotland, fhall be, and

the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the patting of ca1arie* toJudge, this Ad, there fhall be iffued, paid and applied, in every Year, out ^urt •f the Montes that fhall arife from any of the Duties and Revenues ron,^fExche ~ in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by fevcral Ads ^Viei ia Scotland, made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majefty, her Heirs or Succeffors, for keeping up the Courts of Seffion, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, to the Judges in Scotland after mentioned, fo much Money as will make up their refpedive Salaries to the annual Sums hereinafter mentioned ; videlicet. To the Lord Prelident of the Court of Seffion, Four thoufand three hundred Pounds 5 to each of the other Lords of Seffion, who is not Lord Juft ice Clerk, or a Lord Commiffioner of Judiciary, Two thoufand Pounds; to the Lord Juftice Clerk now prefiding in the fecond Divifion of the Court of Seffion, Four thoufand Pounds ; to each of the Lords of Seffion, who are Lords Commiflioners of Judiciary, Two thoufand fix hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of '>0	E 4,	Exchequer,

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.i8to.

s«

•3»*

50° GEO. III.

Exchequer, Four thoufand Pounds 5 and to each of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, T wo thoufand Pounds $ which faid Sums of Money, to be ifTued in purfuance of this Aft, (hall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid Quarterly, clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever (except the Duty chargeable by 46 G. 3* c. 65. an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 for granting to H'u MajeJly during the prefent War, and until the Sixth Day of April after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Groat Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifing from Pro-ferty, Profejftons, Trades and Offices 5 and for repealing an A3 pajfed in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent MajeJly, for repealing certain Parts of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent MajeJly, for granting d Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Pro-fcjfions, Trades and Offices ; and to confolidate and render more ejfedual the Provifions for collcding the faid Duties.

Additional Sala- III. And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of rie* to Judges in this Aft, there (hall be ifTued and paid, and applied, in evtf-y Year, Ireland.	out	0f Taxes, Duties and Revenues which (hall compofe the

Fund called The confolidated Fund of Irelands to each and every of the Puifne Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to each and every of the Puifne Barons of the Court of Exchequer, over and above the Sums now ifTued to the faid Judges refpeftively, and in addition to the faid Sums, and the Profits add Emoluments now received by the faid Judges and Barons refpeftively* the Sum of Six hundred and fifty Pounds each ; and that the faid Sums of Money to be ifTued to the faid Judges of Ireland fhall bo payable as the Salaries to the faid Judges have heretofore been payable in Ireland, and together with the other Parts of their Salaries ; and fhall be paid without any Deduftion for Pei Is or Poundage, or otherwife.

IV. And be it further enafted, That in addition to the Payment* refpeftively ifTued to the faid feveral Judges in Scotland upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and in Ireland on the Tlwen tv fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and fubfequent to that Period, there fhall be ifTued to each of them refpeftively out of the faid Duties and Revenues refpeftively chargeable with the Payment of their Salaries as afore-faid, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as will make up each of fuch Payments refpeftively to the Sum and Suifts to which each of the faid Judges would have been entitled if this Aft had pafled at the fame time with the above recited Aft made in the lad Seffion of Parliament.

Keeited A£U V. And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral recited Aft*, extended to thi§ and all Claufes, Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Thing* Aft*	therein	contained, (fo far as the fame are applicable, and are not

hereby altered) fhall be in force and applied to carry into EfFeft the Purpofe* of this Aft*

Commencement of Salaries.

CAP.

Digitized by L,ooQle

51

50° GEO. III.

0.3a.

CAP. XXXII.

Ah Aft to repeal certain Parts of feveral Afts of the Parliament in Ireland fo far as relates to the limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carnages; for enafting other Limitations in lieu thereof; and for other Purpofes relating thereto. [24th May 1810.]

•	TTTHEREAS the Number of Paffengers to be conveyed by InihAAs,

•	W Stage Coaches and other Carriages plying for Hire in

•	Ireland, have been limited upon certain Roads by feveral Afts

•	paffed in the Parliament of Ireland : And whereas it is expedient to

•	repeal fo much of the faid Afts as relates to the Limitation of Paf-4 fengers, and the additional Tolls and Penalties which are thereby

•	detnandable and forfeited upon a greater Number being conveyed

•	by fuch Stage Coaches or other Carriages than are fpecified in the 4 aforefaid Afts; and to enaft other Provifious and Regulations for 4 carrying the aforefaid Objefts into effeft; and to regulate the Con-

•	duft of the Owners and Drivers of fuch Carriages ;V May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this prefent Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of limitia- Num-the feveral Afts of Parliament of Ireland, as relate to the Limitation Wer of iWeugea of Paffengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four- repealed, wheeled Carriages; alfo fo much of faid Afts as relates to the additional T0U1 and Penalties which are thereby detnandable and forfeited in cafe of a greater Number being conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four-wheel Carriages than is fpecified by the aforefaid Afts, be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calafh, Chaife Marine, or other Carriage with Four or more Wheels, by what Name foever the fame is or fhall hereafter be called or known, to be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpofe of conveying Paffengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, and drawn by Four or more Horfes, (hall be allowed to carry Six Infide and Ten Outfide Paffengers, and ho more, exclufive of the Coachman, but including the Guard (where there is a Guard with fuch Coach); and that One of fuch Paffengers, and no more, fhall be allowed to fit upon the Box with the Coachman, Three of fuch Paffengers on the Front of the Roof, and the remaining Six behind in the manner the moil fide aod convenient for the faid Paffengers ; and that all Stage Coaches or other Carriages above deferibed, drawn by Two or Three Horles, fhall be allowed Four Out fide Paffengers, and no more, exclufive of the Coachman ; and that all Stage Coaches called Long Coaches or Double Bodied Coaches, fhall be permitted to carry in all Sixteen Paffengers and no more, exclufive of the Coachman, but including the Guard (where there is a Guard with fuch Coach) under fuch Fines or Penalties as are by this Aft impofed in Cafes where more Paffengers are carried than are allowed by this Aft: Provided ChiUlrea. always, that no Child in the Lap or under Seven Y ?ars of Age fhall be included in or counted as oue of fuch Number.

III.	And

Number of Perfons conveyed bj Stage Coaches, See.

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8ia,

To be ijpeeified ia Licence.

And W be

feinted on Doors *t‘ Coach, &c.

iVnaliy.

J.urfn^c carried oii Top of Coach.

Penalty.

Drivers mifeon-ducVmg them-fclvcs to Faffen-gers, S».c.

C. 32.	50°	GEO.	III.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, that every Perfon who (hall keep any Carriage to be employed as a public Stage Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, for the* Purpofe of conveying Paflengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, (hall, in the Licence which he is hereby required to take out from the Commiflionera of Stamps in the City of Dublin, fpecifv the Number of Paflengers to be carried in or about fuch Coach or otner Carriage above defenbed, and that no fuch Licence fhall in any Cafe be granted for-more than Sixteen Infide and Outffde Paflengers in all, exekriive of the Coachman.

IV.	And he it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon or Per-fons who fliall be duly licenfed to keep any Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, for the Purpofe of conveying PafTengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, fhall, and he, (he or they is and are refpe&ively dire&ed and required to paint or caufe to be painted, within »Six Months from the palling of this A&, on the Ootflde of each Door of each fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, or on fome other confpicuous Part thereof, in legible Chara&ors of at leaft One Inch and a Half m length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the fame is painted, and in Words at length, the Number of Paflengers which the Licence obtained for fuch Carriages refpe&ively fhall fpecify or exprefs, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons or Firm of the Company of Proprietors to whom fuch Coach or other Carriage fliall belong ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall employ or make ufe of any fuch Carriage as aforefaid, for carrying any Paflengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, without being licenfed fo to do, or without having the faid Words painted on the Outflde of each Door of fuch Carriage, or in fuch other confpicuous Part thereof and in fuch manner as is hereinbefore dire&ed 5 or if any Coachman or other Driver fhall at any time carry more Paflengers than fhall be fpecitied orexprefied in the Licence for ufing fuch Coach or other Carriage, every Perfon fo offending fhall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sutn of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the manner hereinafter fpecitied by this A&.

V.	And be it further cna&ed, That it fhall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, going or travelling for Hire, to carry or permit or luffer any Parcel or Parcels or Luggage whatever exceeding Two Feet in Height, to be conveyed on the Roof of any fuch Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above-deferibed, drawn by Four or more Horfcs: and where Carriages are drawn by Two or Three Horfes, or are of the Defcription called Long Coaches or Double-bodied Conches, then fuch Luggage not to exceed Eighteen Inches above the Roof 5 and every fuch Owner or Driver a&ing contrary thereto, and being convi&ed of fuch Offence, fliall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, faid Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter fpecified.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Driver of any fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, or the Perfon a&ing as Guard, (hall by reafon of Intoxication, Negligence, or other Mif-condu&, endanger his Paflengers in their Lives or their Property, or the Property of any other Perfon with which they may be entruffed.



'TJ

t:\

1

v;

n

:?

aj



an



.*1

Digitized by v^ooQle

A*D*i8io«

59

50* GBO. HI.	C.	3a.

or fafl loiter on the Reid; or wSfiflly mifpend or lofe Time; or fall ufc aboftve or infidtiag Language to any Paffengtrs; or fhall demaad ocexad more than the Fare due from any Paffenger 5 or fhall mot in all poflible Cafes travel at the Speed of fuch a Number of Mile* aa Hour ms are fixed and expreffed tn and by the Time-bill carried with the fame, tmlefs the Circumftances of the Weather or the Oceumeaoe of any Accident to the Coach or Horfes fhall present the fame $ then and in every fuch Cafe the Driver or Guard (as the cafe may be) of fuch Coach or ether fuch Carriage, fo offending and being convided thereof, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Founds for every fuch Offence, over and above the 6mn ®r Sums of Money fo embezzled, and fhall make Compensation for all Damage or Lots occafiooed by their Mifcowdud; filch Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter fpecified ; and in cafe of Nonpayment evenr fuch Offender fhaH be committed to the Common Gaol or Houle of Correction of the County, City, Town, Divifion, or Place where l'uch Offence fhaH have been committed, or where fuch Offender it a&ually prefent, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Two Months nor lefs than Fifteen Days, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices by or before whom any fuch Offender fhall be convided.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Driver of any Inch Comch or other Carriage above deferibed going or travelling dor Hire, fhaH (at any Place or Places where Afliftance can be pro-cared), auit his Horfes or the Box of fuch Coach or other Carnage above deferibed, until a proper Perfon or Perfons fhall ftand at the Head of the Horfes or Fore-horfes, fo as to prevent them from ruimiog away, fuch Perfon or Perfons to remain at their Head until the DnveT has returned to his Box : and if fuch Driver fhall negled to attend to the fame, he or they being duly convided thereof, fhall be fubjed to and forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, fuch Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter fpecified ; and in cafe of Non-payment, every fuch Offender fall be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion of the County, City, Town, Divifion or Place where fuch Offence fall have been committed, or where fuch Offender is adually prefat, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month nor lefs than Fifteen Days at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices by or before whom any fuch Offender fhall be crovi&ed: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this Sediort or Clanfe contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to Hackney Coaches being drawn by Two Horfes only.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That any Summons iffued by aay Juftice of the Peace commanding any Driver or Guard of any Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, to appear before him at fuch Tiff* or Place as to fuch Juftice fhall feem meet, for any Offence committed againft this Ad, fhall be deemed good and fufficient Service in cafe the fame be left with the known or ading Book-keeper, or any other Perfon having the Care of any Office where Places are tfoaHy taken or Parcels received for fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed.

IX.	And be ft further enaded, That if any Conftable or other Ptace Officer (hall refufe or negled to execute any Warrant granted fry any Jufticfc of the Peace under {hii Ad, every fuch Perfon fo

offending,

Penalty.

Imprifaunent.

Drivers leaving Horfes.

Tensity.

Imprifonment.

Provlfo.

What good Service of Summons for Driver.

Negle&inc to execute Warrants.

Digitized by Google

«0

A.D.1810.

Penalty.

InprionxncDN

Juftifcs, kc.

mitigate

Pewducf.

Ofttief* bow ksuisd.

T«B.

Forms of Pro* cvcdings.

Fublick A£t.

C.32.	50°	GEO.	III.

offending, and being convided thereof, (hall, forevery fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings : and in cafe the Perfon fo convided doth not forthwith pay or fecure to be paid the faid Penalty, then it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Jufticea of the Peace to commit fuch Perfon to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion of the County, City, Town, Divifion or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month, unlefs the faid Penalty (hall be fooner paid.

X. And be it further enaded, That if any Juftice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer before whom any Perfon (hall have been convided for any Offence againft the Provifions of this Ad, (hall fee caufe to mitigate any Penalty, every fuch Juftice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer may mitigate or leffen the fame to any Sum not lefs than Half of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, over and above all rcafonable Cods and Charges expended or incurred in the Profecution; and that One Moiety of the Penalty fo impofed, with the faid Cofts and Charges, (hall be paid to the Informer, and tht other Moiety (hall be paid either to the Clergyman of the Parifli where fuch Offence is committed, or to the Clergyman of the Parifh where fuch Juftice refides, for the Ufe of the Poor of fuch Parifh ; fuch Penalty to be recovered in manner hereinafter fpecified.

It XI. And be it further enaded, That all Offences committed againft this Ad (hall and may be cognizable, and determined by and before any One or more Juftice of the Peace, or before any Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief ©fficer for any County, Shire, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or Place where any fuch Offence may happen to be committed, or where the Offender is adually prefent, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or upon the voluntary Confeffion of the Party, which Oath every fuch Juftice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer is hereby required to adminifter, and upon Proof of any fuch Offence to give Judgment or Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred, and for the reafon-able Cofts and Charges of the Profecution (fuch Penalty and Cofts to be levied by Diftrefs and $ale of the Goods of fuch Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or other Magiftrate), or to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo convided to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion for the faid County, Shire, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, for fuch time as is hereinbefore fpecified by the Provilions of this Ad.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That no Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, conveying Perfons for Hire, (hall be charged or compelled to pay at any Toll or Turnpike Gate any greater Toll than is paid by other Coaches or Carriages drawn by an equal Number of Horfes, any thing in any Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the feveral Matters contained in this Ad which are fet forth and expreffed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be ufed upon all Occafions, and with fuch Additions or Variations as may be neceffary to adapt them to the particular Circumftances of the Cafe 5 and that no Objedion (hall be allowed to be made or Advantage taken on account of want of Form in any fuch Proceedings.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid* That this Ad (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Ad,

and

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.



50° GEO. ni.	C.	34.

*nd be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflicea and other Perfons whomfoever, without being fpecially pleaded.

IA, to England, pofttc, 48.]

The SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

FORMS of PROCEEDINGS mentioned in the foregoing AdU INFORMATION.	f

gE it remembered. That on the	Day	of

One thoufand eight hundred and	A.	B. of

in the faid County, informeth me	One	of	His	Majefty*#-

Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, that [btre deferile the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the A8 as near as may be'] contrary to the Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An A£ for (a) [here infert the Title of this AS] which hath impofed a Forfeiture of	for	the	faid	Offence.	Received	the

Day of	by	me	C,	Dm

{a) [See the Title, which begins M An AS /o.”]

SUMMONS for any Perfon or Perfons to attend a Juftice.

To A, B.of

Yy'HEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made before me C. D. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the hid [County, et cetera,] That, et cetera, [here fate the Nature and Circumjlances of the Cafey as far as it Jhall be necejfary to Jhew the Offence and to bring it within the Authority of the Ju/lice, and in doing that follow the Words of the AS as near as may be] Thefe are therefore to require you perfonally to appear before me, or fuch other of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid [County, et ccteraX on the	Day	of	next,	at the Hour of

in the	Noon,	to	anfwer	the	faid	Complaint and

Information; and further to do and receive what to the Law (hall appertain. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of •	One	thoufand	eight hundred

and

FORM of CONVICTION. gE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

in th$ Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and at	in	the County of	aforefaid, A. B.

came before me C. D. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid £County, et cetera] and informed me, that et cetera [here Jit forth the FaS in the Manner deferibed by the Ad] whereupon the laid E. F. after being duly fummoued to aolwer faid Charge, appeared* before	on	the	Day	of

at	in	the faid County ; and having heard the Charge

contained in the faid Information, declared that he was not guilty of the faid Offence ; but the fame being fully proved upon the Oath •f G. H. a credible Witnefs, it manifeftly appears to me the faid Jaftice, that he the faid E. F, is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the (aid Information; it is therefore confidered and adjudged by me the (aid Juilice, that he the. faid E, F. be convicted, and I do

hereby

Digitized by Google

A-D.itio.

6Z

C. 3*» 33-

50* GEO. HI.

hereby convi€t him of the Offence aforefaid ; and I do* hereby 4* clare and adjudge, that he the fadd 2:. hath forfeited the Swa of	of	lawful	Money	of	Great Britain, for the

Offence aforefaid, to be diftributed as the Law dire6U, according to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided, Given

Day of

Qoe

jG. 2. (I.) C. 4*

19.

Grafttc of Land iit Towns Corporate, &c. bjr

under my Hand and Seal the thoufand eight hundred and

After the Words w being duly fommoned to anfwer the faid Charge,” infert [did not appear before mepurfuant to* the faid Summons^ or [did neglcd and refufe to make any Defence againjl the faid Charge, but the fame being fully proved, et cetera'] as before. After the Words “ contained in the Caid In-formation,” infert [acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame to be true ; and it tnani-fejtly appears tome the faid JujTicti et cetera J as above.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life and alfo Ecclefiaftical Perfons to grant Land for the Purpofe of endowing Schools in IrelamL	[34th	May	iSjo.J

WHEREAS by an A£t of Parliament pafled ki Ireland in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Ad for the further explaining and amending the feveral Laws for preventing- Frauds committed by Tenants > and for the more eafy Renewal of Leefes% and for the further Amendment of the Law in certain Cafes therein mentioned, it is, among# other Things, eaa&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful all Perfons whatfoever feifed in F£e Simpte, Fee Tail Or for Life in PoffeiCoB in any Lands, with immediate Remainder to his, her ox their own Idoe, by his, her or their Deeds refpe&ively, tor grant any Part of fuch Lands not exceeding One Acre Plantation Meafure, of the yearly Value of Thirty Shillings, and being no Part of the Demefne Lands ufually occupied with or reputed as Demefne to the Manfion or Chief Dwelling Houfe belonging to fuch Tenant in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Life, for the Ufe of a Refident Proteftant Schoolmafter to teach the Englijb Tongue, and that the Minifter and Churchwardens and their Succeflbrs for ever of each refpedtive Parifh where fuch Acre of Land is or (hall be fo granted or fat apart, (ball be empowered and made capable of receiving fuch Grant or Grants of Land, not exceeding One Acre Plantation Meafure, for the Ufa of fuch BttgUJh Reddest ‘ Proteftant Schoolmate* to teach the Englt/b' Tongue, and to no ‘ other Intent or Ufe whatever :* And whereas the Provifiont of the bud Ail rn that refpe& have been found mfatfeient; Beit there* fore ensiled by the King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefont Parliament aflVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paiTiog of this A&, it (hall sad may be lawful to and for all Perfons whatfoever feifed of any Lands in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Lite ia ^Poflofiiop, whb immediate

Remainder

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

5°

GEO. IQ.

c-33*

*3

Remainder to his, her or their Iffue, of any Interefl in Lands, by Land Ovmcn his 9T their Deeds refpe&ively* to grant any Part of fuch Lands not for Endowment exceeding Half an Acre Irifh Plantation Meafure within the Liberties ^‘hook, of any City or Corporate Town in Ireland, nor Two Acres Ir'tjh Plantation Meafure in any other Part of Ireland, of whatever yearly Value the fame may be, and being no Part of the Demefne Lands nfeaQy occupied with or reputed as Demefne, to the Manfion or Chief Dwelling Houfe belonging to fuch Tenant in Fee Tad, or for Life, to any Perfon or Pcrfons, Body or Bodies Corporal# whether Aggregate or Sole, who (hall be approved of for that Purport by the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands Be, and to kas and their Heirs or SucceBors in Fee Simple, or for any lefler In-tereft; fuch Approbation to be expreffed by" fuch Bifhop being a Partr to and figning and fealing fuch Deed, in truft and for the Ufe of a Refident School mailer, and fuhjeft to fuch Conditions refpec-ting the Mode of appointing fuch Schoolmafter and his Succeffors, tod the Plan of Education and Regulation of fuch School and its Concerns as (hall be fpedtied in fuch Deed, or as fhall afterwards be agreed on by sad between the Perfon or Perfons fo making fuch Grant of Land, or his or their Heirs, on the one Phrt, and all and every or any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs or Succeffors, on tlie other Part, who (haU advance of (hall have advanced any of his or their Money, or any Part of the Funds entrufted to their Management, to the Amount of aot left than One hundred Pounds Sterling, either for the budding of a School Houle on the Lands fo granted, or for the Endowment of the Schoohmafter.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful Grants by

h like manner for every Archbifhopand Bifhop, and Dean pr Dean Ecclcfwitiwl and Chapter, Archdeacon, or other Ecclefiaftical Dignitary, Pre- lerfou* heodary, Re&or, Vicar, and all other Ecclefiaftical Perfons, with the Confirm of the Archbifhop or Bifhop of their refpe&ive Dio-ctfcs, to make an abfolute Grant by Deed or Deeds under their icfpe&ive Hands and Seals, of any Quantity of Land to any of them refpe&ively belonging, in right of their refpedlive Arch-biftopricks, Bifhopricks, and other Ecclefiaftical Dignities, or a*

Glebe or otherwise, not exceeding One Acre, to any Perfon or Pfcrfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who (hall be approved of bv fuch Archbilhop or Bilhop, the Confent and Approbation of fuch Archbi(hop or Bilhop to be exprefled by his Wing a Party to arK^ figning aT>d baling fuch Deed, in truft for the tJfe of a Kefident Schoolmafter, and fubjeft to futh Condition*, rtfpc&ing the Mode of appointing fuch Schoolmafter, and the Ptas of Education and Regulation of fuch School, as is herein-before mentioned and e*prtfied with refpe& to ftich Grant by Other Perfons hereinbefoie mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no Grantees or Grantee not Ltfftft, or his or their Heir or Heirs, Succeflor or Socceffprs, (half S?*?*tomc 84 bs quaitfed to vote at the JJle&ion of any Member to ferve in 00110 Parliament, as a Freeholder, by virtue of any Grant or Leafe made

by virtue of this prefent AS.

CAF.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

*4

C. 34*

56° GEO. m.

Duties on Malt ungrouud imported into Great Btit&in from Ireland et e contra.

Bllioi.

BmUcU

CAP. XXXIV.

An A £t for allowing the Exportation of Briti/b and Irijb made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.	[24th	May	1810.]

*	XTT HERE AS by the Laws now in force, Malt is prohibited

*	VV from Deing imported into Great Britain and Ireland re-

*	fpedtively: And whereas it is expedient that a free Intercourfe **thereof fliould be permitted between thofe Parts of the United

*	Kingdom, fubjedl to fuch Countervailing Duties on the Import

*	thereof refpedlively, as (hall be equal to the internal Duty payable

*	on Malt in the Country into which fuch Malt (hall be imported,

*	and that all Malt imported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from

*	Ireland to Great Britain, (hould be entitled to Drawbacks refpec-

*	tively, equal in A mount to fuch Countervailing Duties Be it therefore enadled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with< the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a(Tembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten, it (hall and may be lawful to import diredily into Great Britain Malt unground made m Ireland; and alfo to import diredily into Ireland Malt unground made in Great Britain, fubjedl to the Duties and Drawbacks by this Adi impofed and allowed, and under, fubjedl and according to fuch Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Provihons as are provided, fettled or eltabli(hed of and concerning the fame by this Adi, or as may be provided, fettled or cftablifhed by any Adi or Adis to be paflVd in this Seffion of Parliament. [See r, 53*

II.	And be it further cnadled, That for all fuch Malt fa ira-: ported there (hall be paid the following Countervailing Duties; that is to fay, for every Bufhel of fuch Malt made in Ireland, and imported diredily from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, the Sum of Four Shillings and Four pence ; for every Bu(hel of fuqh Malt made in Ireland, and imported diredily from thence into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eightpence, and Ten twentieths of a Farthing; for every Barrel of fuch Malt made in Great Britain and imported diredily from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Ten Shillings Briti/b Currency.

III.	And be it further enadled, That for all fuch Malt fo ex-* ported there (hall be allowed the following Drawbacks; that is to Lay, for every Bu(hel of Malt, made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpedl thereof (hall have been fully paid and exported fr^m thence to /re-land ungreund, the Sum of Four Shillings and Four pence; for every Bu(hcl of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, except Beer or Big, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpedl thereof (hall have been fully paid, and exported from thence to Ireland,unground, the Sum: of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten twentieths of a Farthing; for every Barrel of Malt made in Ireland, for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpedl thereof (hall have been fully paid, and exported from thence to Great Britain unground, the Sum tof Ten Shillings Briti/b Currency.

8f	IV.	And

A.D.i8io.	56° GEO. Ill,	C.	34.	65

IV.	And be it further eaa&ed, That by the Bufhei in this Aft Dffcription of mentioned, fo far a* rektai to the Draw-back on the Exportation of

Malt from Great Britaq/jlid the Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, is meant and .intended a Bufhei, according to the Standard remaining in the cuftody of the Chamberlain of His Majefty's Exchequer in England, commonly called or known by the Name of The Winchejltr Bujbel, and that every round Bufhei with a plain and even Bottom being made Eighteen Inches and a Half Wide throughout, and Eight Inches Deep fhall be elteemed for the Purpofes aforefaid, a legal Winchefler Bufliel according to the (aid Standard ; and that by the Bufhei in this Aft mentioned, fo far as relates to the Drawback on the Exportation of Malt from Ireland, and the Duty on the Importation thereof into Ireland, is meant and intended the Bufhei known by the Name of The IVincheJler BufbeU containing Eight Gallons of Two hundred and feventy two Cubical Inches and a Quarter of an Inch each, and that Four fuch Bufhels and Barrel.

(hall be deemed a Barrel.

V.	And be it further enabled, That fuch of the faid Duties and Dutlesand Drawbacks as fhall arifeinthat Pan of Great Britain called England, Drawback*in fliall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland, for the time being ; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in Ireland, fhall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cufloms and Port Dutiesrin Ireland for the time being ; and that fuch Duties and Drawbacks as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Ireland, fhall be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered and accounted for in Ireland, in fuch and the like manner as any Duties or Drawbacks of a like Nature payable in Ireland, and under and fubjeft to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Regulations, Rule9, Reftriftions, Forfeitures, Fines, Pains and Penalties now in force, in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cufloms and Port Duties in Ireland, and all Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence committed againft or in breach of any Aft of Parliament in force at the time of palling this A St, for recovering the faid Revenues in Ireland, fhall be in full Force as to the faid Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effeftnally as if they were made a P&rt of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all the Monies arifing by ConfoUd»ra4 the Duties by this Aft impofed, the necefTary Charges of raifmg and Fund, accounting for the fame excepted, fhall, from time to time, be paid

into the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer at IVeJlmtnJler and Dublin refpeftivelv, and fhall be carried to and made Part of tb^

Confolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland refpeftively.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall commence Commeneenjert. and take effeft as to all fuch Matters and Things therein contained*

in refpeft whereof no Special Commencement is hereby direfted or provided, from and immediately after the Firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

CAP.

50 Geo. III.

F

Digitized by L.ooQle

66

A.D.t8io.

*2 G 3. c. 48.

!«•

§3.

44 G. 3. c. 98.

Houfa, &c. in Welt Indie*, Stc. infured without Licence under 9Q G. 9. c. 48. or Duty under 44 G.3. c. 98.

C. 35.	50°	GEO.	III.

CAP. XXXV.

An Aft for altering the Mode of cutting the Duty on In-furances againft Lofs by Fire, uponlroperty in His Majefty’s Iflands and Pofleflions in the Wejl Indies, and elfewhere beyond the Seas *, and for exempting certain Bonds and Receipts from Stamp Duty •, for giving Relief in certain Cafes of Stamps fpoiled or mifufed ; and for explaining Part of an Aft pafled in the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain.	[24th	May	1810.]

WHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AH jor charging a Duty 4 on Perfons nvbofc Property [ball be infured agatnjl Lofi by Fire; a * yearly Duty of One Shilling and Six pence per Centum wasimpofed • upon all Sums infured on any Property againft Lofs by Fire ; and 4 all Per funs who (hould publickly or privately infure or keep any « Office for infuring Property againft Lofs by Fire were required tn * take out a Licence for that Purpofe from the Commiflioncri of « Stamps, and to enter into Bonds to His Majefty for fecuring the • Payment of the Duties payable in refpeft thereof: And whereas • the yearly Duty impofed by the faid Aft, together with an addi-• tional yearly Duty of Six pence impofed by a (ubfequent Aft, was 4 repealed by an Aft pafled in the Forty fourth Year of His « Majefty's Reign, and a yearly Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence 4 per Centum was thereby impofed upon all Sums infured on Property 4 againft Lofs by Fire, in lieu thereof; which new Duty is fecuredand 4 collefted by and under the Regulations and Provifions of the faid * Aft of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reigns And 4 whereas many Perfons having Property in Trinidad, and in others of 4 His Majefty's Iflands and Pofleflions in the Weji Indies and elfe-• where beyond the Seas, cannot procure the fame to be infured 4 againft Lofs by Fire, to the Amount defired by the pub'ic Corpo-« rations or Companies by whom Infurances againft Fire are mod 4 commonly made, and they cannot procure Infurances to bemadeon * fuch Property by Individuals, becaufe of the Regulations of the * faid Aft of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, • which are found inconvenient, as applied to themMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons in Great Britain, to infure any Houfes, Buildings, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Property iituated and being in any of the Iflands, Settlements or Territories Delonging to or under the Dominion of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, in the Wejl Indies, or elfewhere beyond the Seas, againft Loft or Damage by Fire, without taking out a Licence, and entering into m Bond to His Majefty, purfuant to the Direftions and Regulations of the faid Aft of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and without being liable to the faid yearly Duty impofed by the bid A ft of the Forty fourth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, but fubjeft aeverthelefg to the Regulations and Rcftriftioni hereinafter contained.

II. And

Digitized by Google

AJ).i8io.	56° GEO. IIL	C» 3$.

II.	And be it farther enaded, That in lieu of the faid yearly Duty impofed by the faid A& of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, there fhaU beraifed, levied and paid, from and after the palling of this A6t, unto and for the Ufe of His Majtfty, his Heirs and Suc-ceflbrs, in and throughout Great Britain, for and in refpcdl of every Policy of Afiurance or Infurance or other Inllrument, by whatever Name the fame (hall be called, whereby any Infurance (hall be ipade by any Perfon or Perfons not being licenfed as aforefaid, of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property fitu-ated and being in any of the I (lands, Settlements or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, in the Weft Indies, or elfewhere beyond the Seas, from Lofs or Damage by Fire, or for or in refpe£ of the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which any fuch Policy or Inftrument (hall be written or printed, the Duty following ; that is to fay. If the whole Sum thereby infured (hall not exceed One hundred Pounds, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence; and if the whole Sum thereby infured Ihall exceed One hundred Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds, and alfo for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, whereof the fame Ihall confift, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence, over and befides the Duty of One Shilling, charged on every fuch Policy or Inftrument by an Ad palled in the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty's Reign.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That no fuch Infurance Ihall be made by any Perfon or Perfons, not being licenfed as aforefaid, for any longer Period of time than Twelve Calendar Months, either absolutely or conditionally, in and by any One Policy or Inftrument, and that every Policy or Inftrument, whereby any fuch Infurance Ihall be made or attempted to be made by any Perfon or Perfons not being licenfed as aforefaid, for any longer Period of time, either abfolutely or conditionally, Ihall be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purpofes, and the Perfon or Perfons making or attempting to make fuch Infurance (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Duties hereby granted Ihall be under the Care and Management of the Commif-fioners for the time being appointed and authorized by his Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper ; which faid Commifiioners, and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and fufficient Stamps or Dies for exprefling and denoting the faid Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof refpedlively, upon the Vellum Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the fame from time to time as Occalion (hall require ; and alfo to employ fuch Officers and Perfons under them, and to do all fuclr other A&s and Things as Ihall be thought neceflary or expedient for effectually raifing and colle&ing the faid Duties hereby granted, and for putting this A6I into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commifiioners are or have been authorized to do for the railing and colle&ing of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any A& or ACts of Parliament relating thereto.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it Ihall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to ufe any of the Stamps or Dies heretofore provided

Fa	to

' 67

Duty on Iufu-mices..

43G. 3. c. 149.

Infurance* to be n.ade only for a Year.

Penally.

Duties to be under Commiffion-ers for Stamps.

Stamps hereto- t fore provided, &c. '

Digitized by Google

48

A.D.i8io.

C-35*

50° GEO. III.

Forging Stamp*.

Pcatt.

Former Stamp Adis in force.

In what Cafe Stamps given in l ieu of improper »mcs-

to denote any former Stamp Duties for the Purpofe of expreffing and denoting the faid Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof* and alfo to ufc Two or more Stamps for denoting the Amount of the Duties hereby granted, as Occafion may require* until a (ingle Stamp (hall be provided for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, Tbit if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forge or counterfeit or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited* any Stamp or Die which (hall be provided, made or ufed in purfuance of this A6t, or any Stamp or Die which (hall have been provided, made or ufed in purfuance of any former Adi or Adis relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or (hall forge, counterfeit or refemble, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited or refembled, the Impreffion of any fuch Stamp.or Die as aforefaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with Intent to defraud His Majefty, his Heira or Succeffors, of any of the Duties hereby granted ; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall utter, or fell, or expofe to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having thereupon the Impreffion of any fuch forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or any fuch forged, counterfeited or refembled Impreffion as aforefaid, knowing the fame refpedlively to be forged, counterfeited or refembled 5 or if any Perfon or Perfons (hail privately and fecretly ufe any Stamp or Die by this or any former Adi diredled or allowed to be ufed for denoting any of the Duties granted by this or any former Adi, with Intent to defraud His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, of any of the faid Duties hereby granted, then every Perfon fo offending and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That all the Powers, Pro-vifions, Claufes, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and impofed by any former Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, (hall be of full Force and Effedl with refpedl to the Duties hereby granted, as far as the fame are or (hall be applicable in all Cafes, Matters and Things not hereby exprefsly provided for, and (hall be obferved, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the railing, levying, colledling and fecuring of the faid Duties hereby granted, and otherwife relating thereto, fo far as the fame (hall be confident with the exprefs Provifions of this Adi, as fully and effcdluaHy to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been herein repeated and fpecially enadled with reference to the faid Duties hereby granted.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if any fuch Policy or Inftrument of Infurance as aforefaid (hall be fub-feribed or underwritten by any Perfon or Perfons for Part only of the Sum intended to have been thereby infured, and for which the fame (hall have been (lamped, fo that a greater Duty (hall have been paid for the fame than is hereby required ; or if any fuch Policy or Inftrument of Infurance (hall be inadvertently fublcribcd or underwritten by any Perfon or Perfons for any greater Sum in the Whole than the Sum for which the fame (hall have been (lamped, whereby the fame will be unavailable in Law ; and if in either of the faid Cafes the affured (hall procure another Policy or Inftrument of Infurance, duly (lamped, to be fubferibed or underwritten for the fame Rifk, and for the fame Sum as (hall have been fubferibed or

underwritten

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D. iSio.

5°c

GEO. m.

C-3J.

69

underwritten upon the Fird Policy or Indrument, and (hall produce the fame to tbe Commiflioners of Stamps within One Calendar Moth after the lad Subscription upon the Fird Policy or Indrument; and if in the latter Cafe it (hall be proved to the $atisfa&ion Gf the faid Commiflioners that a greater Sura was fubfcribed or underwritten upon the Fird Policy or Indrument through Inadvertence and by Miftake, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to allow Ss Spoiled, and to cancel the Stamjjf. on the Fird Policy or Inftrument, and to give other Stamp! M the fame Defcription .and Value, or otherwise at their Difcretion, where it (hall appear to them to be expedient. Stamps of any other Defcription aod of equal Value in lieu thereof.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Monies to arife from the Duties granted by this A£l (hall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who (hall from time to time pay the fame into the Bank of England for fafe Cudody, purfuant to the A& in that cafe made and provided, and (hall thereafter pay the fame together with the Monies arifing from the other Duties under the Management pf the Com-miffioners of Stamps (except thofe on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) after deducting the Charges of railing, colliding and accounting for the fame, and all other Charges fird payable thereout into the Receipt of His Majedy’s Exchequer at Wejiminflcr, in one Sum, at fuch times and in fuch manner as the prefent Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force dire&ed to be paid ; and that the Money fo paijd into the faid Receipt (hall be carried to and made Part of the faid Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the clear Monies arifing from the Duties hereby granted (hall go and be confidered as Part of the yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty fix thoufand (even hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence, directed to be fet apart in the Exchequer, by the A& patTcd in the Forty eighth Year of His Majeily's Reign hereinbefore referred to, and entitled An Ad for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Injlrumentsy and the Duties on Legacies and Succejpons to Perfonal Ejlate upon Intejlacies now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties -in lieu thereof; and that the yearly Sum of Thirty two thoufand Pounds, Part ot the yearly Sum of forty two thoufand Pounds, by the faid lad mentioned Aft required to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Compenfation for the Exemption of their Notes and Bills from Stamp Duty, (hall be fet apart at the Exchequer in addition to the faid yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fiftv fix thoufand feven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence $ an<J that the Remainder of the faid yearly Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds (hall be deemed an Addition to the public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed annual Charge occafioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any A& or A As pafledin the Forty eighth Year of His Majedy’s Reign.

4 XI. And whereas the Bonds by Law required to be entered 4 into by the Colle&ors of the A defied Taxes and Property Tax, 4 for fecuring the due Payment of the Monies colle&ed by them 1 were exempted from Stamp Duty by an AA palled in the Forty 4 third Year of His Majedy’s Reign 5 but the E;

Duties paid to Receiver General of Stamps, who frail pay fame into the Bank. 1

Approi'TOtisn of Duties.

48 G. 3. c.149.

43	G. fl. c. 99.

§ 13.

44	G. 3.c. 98. 48 G. 3. C.149.

f3

xcmption was not 4 repeated

Digitized by

Google

7o

A.D.iSio,

C. 35*	jo®	GEO* III.

•	repeated in the Afts of the Forty fourth and Forty eighth Years « of His Majefty’s Reign for granting new Stamp Duties, whence

•	a Doubt hath arifen concerning the fame/ Be it therefore enafted, Unftampt Torda That all Bonds which have been entered into before the palling of of Colle^or* ot this Aft by any Collfftots of the Affeffed Taxes and Property Tax, Affeffed Taxes, an(j t}lcjr Sureties, for the due Payment of the Monies collefted by

them, or otherwise relating jto their O(Tices on undamped Paper or Parchment, (hall nevertheleli^he deemed good and valid ; and that Indemnity. all Perfons (liall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof; and th;»t all fuch Bonds to be entered into after the puffing of this-Aft (liall be exempted from all Stamp Duties.

• XII. And whereas the Paymallers of Exchequer Bills have « hitherto inadvertently taken Receipts for the Monies paid by them ? in difeharge of fuch Bills on undamped Paper, under a Mifappre-‘ henfion that fuch Receipts were not liable to a Stamp Duty/ Be Bereipt*taV«»n	it therefore further enabled, That all Receipts on undamped Paper,

hy Fay mali ers of taken by the Pay mailers of Exchequer Bills for either Principal or ^nt^re^ Monies paid by them in difeharge of any fuch Bills at any i'mra StampCm^1	before the palling of this Aft (hall neverthelefs be deemed good

puties.	and valid ; and that all Perfons who (hall have given fuch Receipts, as

well as the faid Paymaders, (liall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof, and that from and after the palling of this Aft all Receipts or Difcharges to be given for or upon the Payment of any Principal or Intered Monies lecured by Exchequer Bills, (hall be exempted from all Stamp Duties.

* XIII. And whereas Mirtakes have been frequently made in the 4 Ufe of Stamps iffued for denoting the ad valorem Duties granted 48 G. a.c. 149. • by the aforclaid Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s

*	Reign, and fome Perfons have ufed Stamps of much greater Value f than were ncceffary, and others have ufed 3*amps for Indruments

*	not liable to a Stamp Duty, and others, without Intention of

*	Fraud have ufed Stamps of lefs Value than were neceffary, but

*	dill of confiderableA^alue, whereby many Perfons have fuftaineda

* confidcrable Lofs, as the Commiflionerq of Stamps are not

* authorized to give Relief in fuch and the like Cafes, but which

*	it is expedient that	they (liould be enabled to do under certain

In what Cafe	‘ Rcdriftions / Be it	therefore turther enafted, That from and after

improper Stamps	the uaffng of this Aft, where any Pi rfon (hajl haye inadvertently

f»r a«l valorem	nfedr for or upon any	In liniment liable to a Stamp Duty under the

rolled?andmhm	Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’a Reign, any

given,\c.	Stamp or Stamps of greater Value than the Indrument required by

the Sum of Fifty Shillings or upwards; and alfo where any Perfon (hall have inadvertently ufed any Stamp or Stamps of the Value of Fifty Shillings or upwards, for or upon any Indrument not liable to any Stamp Duty ; and alfo where any Perfon (hall have inadvertently ’‘led for or upon any Indrument liable to a Stamp Duty under the fdd Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, any Stamp or Stamps of the Value of Fifty Shillings or upwards (ex-clufive of any progreffive Duty), but which (hall be of lefs Value than the lndnim nit required, it (hall be lawful for the Commi(lionets of Stamps to allow as fpoiled and to cancel the Stamp or Stamps mifufed in the fcveral Cates aforefaid, and to give another Stamp or Stamps of tlie fame Defcription and Value, or otherwife, at their piferetion, where it (hall appear to them to be expedient, Stamps of

any

Digitized by CjOOQle

AD.i8io*

7*

50° GEO. HI.	C. 35.

airy other Defcription and of equal Value in lieu thereof, and to caofe the Inftrument bearing the Stamp or Stamps mifufed, if liable to any Duty, to be (lamped with the proper Stamp or Stamps for de* noting the Duty chargeable thereon, upon Payment of fuch Duty* without demanding any Penalty in refped thereof; or if another In-ftmmcnt of the fame Tenor and Effed (hall be produced duly ilamped and duly executed, and the Inftrument bearing the Sump or Stamps mifufed (hall be delivered up to be cancelled, it (hall be lawful for the fail Commiflionero to allow as fpoiled, and to cancel the Stamp or Stamps thereon, and to give another Stamp or Stamps of the lame Defcription and Value, or otherwife, at their Difcretion, where it (hall appear to them to be expedient. Stamps of any other Defcription and of equal Value in lieu thereof: Provided always, that the Application for fuch Relief as aforefaid (hall be made within Three Calendar Months after the pafling of this Ad, or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the Inftrument bearing the Stamp or Stamps mifufed; and provided it (hall be made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiflioners, in Cafes where the Stamp or Stamps mifufed (hall be of lefs Value than the Inftrument required, that the fame were fo ufed by Miftake, or under a Mifapprehenfion of the Law, and without any Intention to avoid or delay the Payment of the full Duty charged on fuch Inftrument.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, that from and after the pafling of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the Commiffloners of Stamps to allow as fpoiled, and to cancel, and in the manner aforefaid to give other Stamps 111 lieu of all fuch Stamps as (hall have been ufed for or upon any Inftruments which (hall have been executed or (igned by any of the Parties thereto, but which, by reafon of any Miftake therein, (hall be afterwards found untit for the Purpofe intended, or which, by reafon of the Death of any Party thereto without having executed or (igned the fame, cannot be completed fo a9 to effed the Tranfadion intended in the Form propoled, and which (hall, in confeauence, be cancelled and delivered up to the faid Commidioners as ufeiefs, provided the Application for the Relief hereby giv< n (hall be made within Three Calendar Months after the pafling of this Ad or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the Inftrument in Queftion ; and provided the Fads upon which the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized to give Relief (hall be fully proved by Affidavit or otherwife to their Satisfadion.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That where the Commiflioners of Stamps have already the Power of allowing and cancelling fpoiled Stamps, and of giving others of the fame Defcription and Value in lieu thereof, it (nail be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, at their Difcretion, where it (hall appear to them to be expedient, to give Sumps of any other Defcription and of equal Value with the Stamps cancelled in lieu thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the pafling of this Ad, all luftruments for or uppn which any Stamp or Stamps have been or (hall be ufed, of equal or greater Value than the Inftru-ments required, but not of the proper Denomination, (hall neverthelefs be deemed valid and effedual in the Law, except in thofe Cafes where the Sumps ufed on fuch Inftruments (hall have been fpeciajly appropriated to any other Inftrument by having its Name on the face thereof.

F4	‘XVII.And

Conditions.

Other Stamps given for fpoiled Stamps.

Stamps of other

Ddcriptkms

given.

Stamps of equal Value though not of proper Denomination, valid.

Digitized by Google

7?

C-3$>3*-

50-

GEO. III.

A.D.1610,

49 G. 3. c. 149. Sch. Part 1.

Certain I*afe« ^and Tacks of Lands exempted from the ad valorem Duties.

A& varied.

•	4 XVII. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the

•	Exemption contained in the Schedule to the laid Aft of the Forty f eighth Year of His Majefty's Reign, of certain Leafes and Tacks f of Lands, Hereditaments or heritable Subjects from the ad valorem f Duties thereby granted on Conveyances upon the Sale of Property, 4 extends to Leafes and Tacks not exceeding the Term or Intereft

•	fpecificd in fuch Exemption, granted in purfuance of a previous

•	Contrail or Agreement to any other Perfon or Perfons than the

*	Perfon or Perfons with whom fuch Contract or Agreement was 4 made, or his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or 4 Afligns, in confideration of a Sum of Money paid or fecurcd, or 4 agreed to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons with whom fuch Con-4 trad or Agreement was made, or his, her or their Heirs, Executors,

4 Adminiftrators or Afligns, for his, her or their Right or Intereft, f in the Property comprifed in fuch Leafes and Tacks ; and fome

*	fuch Leafes have been made and ftamped as if the fame did not fall 4 within the faid Exemption, whilft others have been made without

*	Stamps for denoting the Payment of the faid ad valorem Duties,

4 and without regard to the Proyilion9 of the faid laft mentioned Aft, 4 relating to Conveyances upon the Sale of Property, under the

*	Supposition that the faid Exemption did extend thereto Be it therefore further cnafted, That all Leafes and Tacks of the De-cription aforefaid, which have been made or fhall be made before or upon the Firft Day of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and ten, without Payment of the faid ad valorem Duties, fhall be deemed and taken to have been within the Scope of the faid Exemption a£ the time of the making thereof, and that all Perfons fhall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures in refpeft of the fame ; and that from and after the faid Firft Day of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the faid Exemption fhall not extend or be deemed or conflrued to extend to any Leafes or Tacks of the Defcriptioq aforefaid, which fhall be made at any time after that Day.

XVIJI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be varied, altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this Seflion of Parliament.

cap. xxxyi.

An Aft for granting Annuities to difeharge an additional Num? berof Exchequer Bills.	[24th	May 1810.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

>0 G. 3.c. 23.	4	WJ HEREAS an Aft pafled in this Seflion of Parliament, in-

4 VV * tituled, An AS for granting Annuities to difeharge certain 4 Exchequer Bills : and whereas it is expedient to allow a further 4 Amount of Exchequer Bills to be exchanged upon the Terms and 4 according to the Provifions of the faid Aft: We Your Majefty'* 4 moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts the Commons of the United

•	Kingdom in Parliament aflembled, being defirous of making Pro-

*	viflon to fatisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain other Ex-

•	chequer Bills now outftanding, to the further Amount of Three 4 hundred and eleven thoufand rounds, have refolved that all Perfons 4 interefted' in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills fhould be

*	entitled in refpeft of the Principal Sums contained therein to fuch 4 Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, fubjeft to

4 the

.Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

73

50° GEO. III.	C. 36.

• the Provifions of the faid recited A€t and this Adi :9 We Your Hpjjcfty’s mod faithful Commons do therefore mod humbly befeech Wnr Majefty that it may beenadled 5 and be it enadled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Twentieth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, bearing Intered at the Rate of Three pence One Farthing per Centum per Diem, who fhould between the Twen-tieth Day of March One thouland eight hundred and ten and the Twenty feventh Day of March One Thoufand eight hundred and ten, both inclufive, have carried the fame to the Office of the Pay-maders of Exchequer Bills, unlefs the principal Sum of Eight Millions Sterling allowed to be exchanged by the faid recited Adi, and the further Principal Sum of Three hundred and eleven thoufand Pounds (hall have been fooner fubfcribed at the faid Office in fuch Exchequer Bills, ffiall be refpe&ively paid the Intered that fhall have become due thereupon to tne Ninth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, in Money, as foon after the faid Ninth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten as can conveniently be done, and ffiall have in Exchange for fuch Exchequer Bills from fuch Pavmafters, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank	England,	entitling the Holders of fuch Exchequer Bills, in

refpecfc of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and three pounds Five Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and ten, for each One hundred Pounds contained in fuch !all-mentioned Certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater Sum ; and that all Perfons interefled in or entitled unto fuch Exchequer Bills as aforefaid ffiall, by having delivered the fame between the lefpedlive Days aforefaid into the laid Office of Paymalters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforefaid Terms ; which laid Annuities ffiall be paid and payable at the Bank of En~ gland, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in fuch Exchequer Bills to be exchanged for Certificates in purfuance of this Adi, ffiall not exceed the fum of Three hundred and eleven thoufand Pounds, in addition to the Sum of Eight Millions Sterling allowed to be exchanged by the faid recited Adi.

II.	And be it further enadled, That all the Powers, Provifions, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid recited Adi, as to the faid Exchequer Bills all<JWed to be exchanged by the faid Adi, ffiall apply and be put in full Force for the exchanging the Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by this Adi, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame were in this Adi feverally and feparately re-enadled and made Part of this Acl, and the faid recited Adi and this Adi ffiall be conftrued as One Adi, as if the additional Amount of Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by this Adi had been included in the faid recited

A a.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Holden of certain Exchequer Bills on delivering up fame fhall receive intereft und Certificates entitling to certain Stock.



X

l’owers of recite^ A&. extended to this Ait.

74

C. 37.

A.D.1810.

5°

GEO. III.

C A P. XXXVII.

Annuity of J,OOOl. to the Puke of Brunf-wit-k Wolfuibut-t«j»ayal>le (^u.meriy out of Coufolidated Fund.

Payable at Exchequer. Debentures. No Fee.

An A£l for enabling His Majefty to fettle an Annuity on i||fc Serene Highnefs the Duke of Brunfwich Wofenbuttel.

[24th May 181b.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

•	\\J E Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the Com-

•	W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 4 in Parliament affembled, having taken into our Confideration Your

•	Majefiy’s mod gracipus MefFage, wherein Your Majedy has been 4 pleafed to date, that, in confequence of the continued Occupation 4 of the Territories of the Duke of Brunfwici Wolfenbuttel by the 4 French Armies fince the unfortunate Events which were attended 4 by the lamented Death of his illudrious Father in the Year One 4 thoufand eight hundred and fix, His Serene Highnefs the prefent 4 Duke of Brunfwick lVolfcnbvttcl> Your Majefty’s Nephew, has, 4 after a Series of gallant but unavailing Efforts for the Recovery 4 of his Poffeflions, been compelled to feek an Afylum in Your 4 Majedy’s Dominions, Your Majedy recommended to the Houfe of 4 Commons to confider of the Means of enabling Your Majedy to 4 make fome Provifion for the Eftablilhinent of His Serene Highnefs 4 during fuch time as the State of the Continent might continue to 4 preclude the Return of His Serene Highnefs to nis own Domi-4 nions ;’ Do mod humbly befeech Your Majedy that it may be enabled, and be it ena&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confeflt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,.and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful for the King’s Mod Excellent M«*jefty by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, to give and grant unto His Serene Highnefs the Duke of Brunfivick IVolfenbutteU an Annuity not exceeding Seven thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain ; which faid Annuity may commence and take Effect from the Fird Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and teni and fhall be paid quarterly at the Four ufual Days of Payment in the Year ; that is to fay, tf.e Fifth Day of ^rj/, the Fifth Day of Ju/y, the Tenth Day of Odober, and the Fifth Day of January, in every Year, until the State of the Continent of Europe (hall allow the Return of His Serene Highnefs to his own Dominions ; and that the faid Annuity (hall and may by fuch Warrant be dire&ed to be iffuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated fund of Great Britain, after paying or referving fufftcient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been dire&ed to be paid out of the fame by any former A£i or A&s of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which (hall or may hereafter be changed upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Annuity (hall be paid and payable af the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer out pf the faid Fund, and the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall, and he is hereby required by virtue of fuch Warrant to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for paying the faid Annuity as the fame (hall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the faid

Duke

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

po° CEO. III.

C. 37,38.

75

Duke of Bntnfuncl Wolfenbuttel% or of fuch other Perfon or Perfon g as (hall by the (aid Duke be duly authorized and appointed to receive fuch Annuity or any Part thereof, (hall be a good and fufficieot Difcharge for the Payment thereof; and the faid Debentures to be made forth and palled upon the faid Warrant (hall be a fufficient Authority to the ieveral and refpeftive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of fuch Annuity to the faid Duke during the Continuance of the fame, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the faid Annuity fo to be given and granted (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Aflefiments, aad all other Charges whatfoever.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AEl to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoufed or fecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being firjl paid, and to amend the fame.	[2d	June	1810.]

*	TTT'HEREAS it is expedient to amend certain Provifions con? 48 G.3. c. 3e.

4 VV tained in an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His §7-

4 prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to permit certain Goods

*	imported into Ireland, to be warehoufed or fecured without the Duties 4 due on the Importation thereof being frf taid; And whereas it is, f among other Things, enafted by the (aid Aft, that no Goods,

‘ Wares or Merchandize which (hall have been lodged in any Ware-‘ houfe or Warehoufes, or otherwife fecured according to the ‘ Direftions of the faid Aft, (hall be delivered from or taken out of 4 any fuch Warehouse or Place except for Exportation, or to be

*	ufed or confumed in Ireland: And whereas it may be expedient ‘ in certain Cafes to permit Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be

*	taken from £he Port or Place where they were firft warehoufed or

*	fecured, for the Purpofe of being transferred or conveyed to fome

*	other Port or Place in Ireland, there to be warehoufed or fecured 4 under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled and by the Authority

of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall and g^TccLi-

may be lawful for any Perfon who (hall have imported any Good*, ways fecured in

Wares or Merchandize into Ireland, and who (hall have lodged the Warehoufe under

fame in Warehoufe, or otherwifi; fecured the fame, at any Port in recited Aft.

Ireland, under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft, or of any Aft

for altering or amending the fame, to remove fuch Goods, Wares

and Merchandize, or any Part thereof, opt of fuch Warehoufe or

Place, for the Purpofe of fending and transferring the fame Coaft-

way*, to be warehoufed or fecured without Payment of Duty in any

other Port in Ireland, in which fuch Goods are allowed to be ware-

boufed or fecured by the Provifions of the faid recited Aft, under

the Regulations and Provifions hereinafter mentioned, direfted and

ponlained; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary not-

yrithftanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

II. PfQV&«d

6

Google

Digitized by

A.D.)8io.

76

Mailer of Veffel to take out Coail Cocket.

Firft Importer to enter into Bond for Delivery of Goods, &c.

Penalty.

Importer of Goods removed to enter into Bond, to export Goods, or to pay Paty.

Not clearing Goods.

C.38.	50°	GEO.	Ill/

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That whenever any fuck Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be entered to be (hipped at any Port in Ireland for the Purpofe of being fent and transferred as aforefaid to any other Port in Ireland, there to be warehoused or fecured, the Mailer or other Perfon who (hall have the Charge of the Ship or Veffel on board which any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be laden in any Port of Ireland, to be landed and dif-charged in fome other Port thereof, (hall, before the Ship or Veffel be permitted to depart from the Port or Place where he (hall take in his Lading, take out a Coaft Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs or Tranfirc, as the cafe may require ; and the firft Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize (ball enter into a Bond with Two fuflicient Sureties to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in a Sum equal to the Value of the aftual Quantity of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize fo laden or taken on board fuch Ship or Veffel, conditioned for the Delivery or Dif-charge thereof, in the Port or Place for which the fame (hall be entered as aforefaid, and alfo conditioned to return a Certificate within Two Calendar Months after the Date of fnch Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs or Tranfire, under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port where fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize fhall be landed and warehoufed or fecured, to the Colkftor or other Chief Officer of the Port in which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize fhall have been put on board, that fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize were landed and warehoufed or fecured at the Port for which the fame (hall have been entered, and that Bond was duly given upon the warehoufing of fuch Goods at fuch Port in manner hereinafter direfted; and in cafe any fuch Mailer or other Perfon (hall omit or negleft to take out fuch Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs or Tranfire, fuch Mafter or other Perfon fo neglecting or omitting fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That every Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of any Goods Wares or Merchandize which may be carried or transferred from one Port in Ireland, and which may be landed under this Aft at any other Port in Ireland9 and warehoufed or fecured there without Payment of Duty at the time of the Entry thereof at fuch Port to which the fame may have been transferred, (hall enter into Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize with Condition that fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize fhall be duly exported, or that the full Duties due and payable on fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, fhall be duly paid within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the Firft Entry of fuch Goods Wares or Merchandize, at the Port where fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize were firft entered and warehoufed or fecured, or within the time required by Law from the firft Entry as aforefaid, as to fuch Goods as may be warehoufed in Ireland under any Aft or Afts other than the faid recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid 5 and the faid Bond (hall be fo entered into within Forty eight Hours after the Port Surveyor and Land waiter or other proper Officer (hail have ascertained the Quantity and Quality of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize fo to be bonded ; and in cale the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize

fhall

Digitized by Google

AJ).i8io*

77

500 GEO. m.	C.	38.

(hall negled to dear and take fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, oat of aod from any Warehouses and Places in which the fame (hall hare been warehoused and Secured within the time required by Law, to be computed from the Day of the firft Entry thereof, at the Port where the fame were firft entered and warehoufed or Secured, fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize (hall be fold, and the Produce thereof applied in manner dircded by the Said recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, with refped to Goods warehoufed or fecured under the faid recited A61.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That upon Produdion of a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port to which any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall have been transferred, and there landed and warehoufed or fecured in manner direded by this A61, that fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize were, duly landed and fecured there, and that Bond was entered into accordingly, purfuant to the Diredions of this A61 (which Certificate fuch Officer is hereby required and authorized to grant without Fee or Reward) it (hall be lawful for the proper Officer at the Port in which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall have been firft warehoufed, to vacate the Bond given at fuch Port on the firft landing and ware-houfing or fecuring of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by In-dorfement thereon, fo far as relates to the a61ual Quantity of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which (hall have been carried and transferred from the faid Port, and which by any fuch Certificate (hall appear to have arrived at any fuch other Port in Ireland, and to have been there warehoufed under the Diredions and Provifions in this Ad contained.

V.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any original Importer, Proprietor or Con fig nee, of any White, or Clayed, or Brown, or Muf-covado Sugar, not refined, of the Growth or Produce of any Country, Ifland or Place conquered by or ceded to, or which (hall hereafter be conquered by or ceded to His Majetty’s Arms ; or of any Foreign or Bay Salt, to warehoufe and fecure all fuch Sugar and Salt, under the Regulations and Provifions for warehoufing contained in the faid recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year, without the Duties doe on the Importation of fuch Sugar and Salt being firft paid ; and to export and deliver for Exportation fuch Sugar and Salt without Payment of Duty, according to the Provifions of the faid recited Aany thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and all fuch Sugar and fuch Salt (hall be deemed and taken to be warehoufed under the Provifions of the faid Ad, and to be entitled to all the Benefits of the faid Ad, as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Sugar and fuch Salt had been fpecialiy named and included in Schedule (A) to the faid Ad annexed.

VI.	And be it further ena6ted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the paffing of this Ad, upon the Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of any Foreign or Bay Salt which (hall not nave been warehoufed in Ireland. there (hall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duties which (hall have been paid on the Importation of the fame, and that the faid Drawbacks (hall be paid and allowed in like manner, and under the like Regulations as other Drawbacks are paid and allowed, under or

Sold.

In what Cafe firft Bond ranted.

Unrefined Sugar of conquered or ceded Place, Foreign or Bay Salt warehoufed un-der48G.3.c.32.

In whit Cafe on Exportation of Foreign or Bay Salt Drawback.

Digitized by Google

•78

AD.i8id.

A & altered, dec.

50 G. a.c. 26.

In what Cafe

Duty on Foreign Linen ware-hoofed repaid.

46 C. 3. C. 90.

^*3^39*4®*	5®°	GEO.	HE

by virtue of any A A or Ada in force in Ireland\ and that all Salt on which fuch Drawback (hall be claimed (hall be exported fubjed to the Regulations and Provihons contained in the faid recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, or in any other A A or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Exportation of Salt from Ireland.

VI. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be pa(Ted in this Seifion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Ad for repaying, in certain Cafes, the Duty paid on the

Export of Foreign Plain Linen.	[2d	June	]8io.]

*	TTyTHEREAS it is expedient that in certain Cafes the Duties

*	V v paid on Foreign Plain Linen by virtue of an Ad pafied in 4 the prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An Ad for granting a 4 Duty on Foreign Plain Linen taken out of Warehouse and exported 4 to Foreign Parts, (hould be repaid Be it therefore enaded oy the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commous, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all Cafes where any Duty has been or (hall be paid, or any Bond has been or (hall be entered into for Payment of any Duty impofed by the faid Att, upon any Foreign Plain Linen that was fecured in Warehoufes, as therein deferibed, on or before the Eighteenth Day of April One thonfand eight hundred and ten, and which Linen has been or (hall be delivered from any fuch Warehoufe for the Purpofe of being exported to Foreign Parts, on or before the Fifteenth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and ten, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflionersof His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof thereof, to caufe Repayment to be made of fuch Duty fo paid, and to caufe fuch Bonds fo entered into to be cancelled ; any thing in the faid A St to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XL.

An Aft for difeontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimftone ufed in making Oil of Vitriol.	[2d	June	1810.]

4 TX7HEREAS it is expedient that the Bounty now payable 4 VV on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain 4 (hould be difeontinued, and that a Proportion of the Duties now 4 payable and paid upon the. Importation of Foreign Brimftone into 4 Great Britain (hould be drawn back upon Brimftone ufed and 4 confumed in making Oil of Vitriol, and repaid to the Manufac-4 turers of fuch Oil made under certain Regulations and Reftric-4 tions;’ Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aifem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, an Ad palled in the Forty lixth Year of the

Reign

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.i8io.

7 9

50* GEO* III.	C.40.

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A8 for allowing a Bounty ou the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain, (hall be repealed.

II.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, Nine Tenth Parts of the Duties of Cuftoms paid on the Importation into Great Britain, of Brimftone, (hall he allowed in rcfpeft of fuch Brimftone ufed and confumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, and the Amount of fuch Drawback /hall be paid and allowed to the Manufafturer of fuch Oil in Great Britain, under the following Regulations ; (that is to fay/ every Manufafturer of Oil of Vitriol intending to claim any fuch Drawback or Repayment under this Aft (hall make an Entry of his Name and Place of Abode with the Colleftor of the Cuftoms of the Port within or neareft to which his Work (hall be carried on / and (hall Once in every Month enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe an Account of the whole Quantity of Foreign Brimftone ufed and confumed in his Manufactory within the preceding M«nth, and at the End of the Year to be computed from the Date of fuch Entry as aforefaid, (hall deliver the faid Account to the Colleftor of the Cuftoms with whom be (hall have made fuch Entry a9 aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Manufafturer (hall make Oath to the Truth of the Account fo delivered to the Colleftor of the Cuftoms under this Aft, in which Oath he (hall depofe that full Nine Tenths of fuch Brimftone has been confumed io the manufafturing of Oil of Vitriol, and that the Refiduum does not contain a Quantity of Brimftone worth Extraftion, and that fuch Quantity does not at the utmoft exceed One Tenth of the whole Brimftone nfed in fuch Manufacture; and he (hall alfo fpecify in fuch Account the Name or Names of the Importer or Importers of fuch Brimftone, and the Times when the Duties due thereon were rcfpeftively paid to His Majefty; and if upon a Certificate being produced from the proper Officers of the Cuftoms in Great Britain where fuch Brimftone was fo imported, it (hall appear that the full Duties were paid thereon, and if fufficient Proof be alfo made before the proper Officers of the Cuftoms, that the Brimftone mentioned and referred to in fuch Certificate is the identical Brimftone fo dated to have been ufed and confumed by the Manufafturer of fuch Oil of Vitriol, then, and in every fuch Cafe, a Debenture (hall be iffued for the Amount of the Drawback by this Aft allowed upon fuch Brimftone; and the fame (hall be paid by the Colleftor of the Cuftoms who (hall have received fuch Account as aforefaid, out of any Money remaining in his Hands on account of the Duties of Cuftoms.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Manufafturer of Oil of Vitriol (hall deliver any falfe Account of the Quantity of Foreign Brimftone ufed and confumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol with an Intent to defraud His Majefty, his Heirs or Suc-ceflors, every fuch Manufafturer (hall, on being convifted of any foch firft Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be fued for within Three Months after the Delivery of the Account, and recovered in any of the Courts of Record at Weft* wafer, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and One Moiety of fuch Penalty (hall go and be applied to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Hein and Succeiiors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fed foe or profecute for the fame.

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

repealed.

Allowance of Duty for Brimftone ufed in preparing Oil of Vitriol. Regulations for Manufk&orer.

Oath at te Quantity of Brimftone ufed,

Delivering falle Account.

Firft Offence. Further Oftcnce.

2a

Ci 4 Oi 41.

AJD.1810.

9& 10 W. 3. c. 27. and allA&* relating to the Deties thereby impofed, See. re* pealed.

Licences in forre.

Commiflion for licsnling to ceafe.

Allowances to ConunilEoners, Ac. of Hackney Coaches.

Fenfton* to Com-roiflioner* for li-cenfing Hawk* err.

50° GEO. lit.

CAP. XLI.

An Aft for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commilfioners of Hackney Coaches.

[ad June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Powers and Provifions contained in any Afts of Parliament relating to the Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars Ihould be brought together into one Aft, and, that the faid Duties (hould be placed under the Management of the] Commiflioners of Hackney Coaches ; Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty. by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firft Day of Augud Gne thoufand eight hundred and ten, an Aft palled in a Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of His late Majefty King William, intituled, An A3 for licenfing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provifion for the Payment of the Interefi of the Tranfport Debt for the reducing of Ireland; and all Afts made for continuing, altering or regulating the Duties thereby impofed, as far only as the faid Afts relate to fuch Continuance, Alteration or Regulation, and all Powers, Provifions and Claufes contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Colleftion of the fame Duties, (hall be repealed, except fuch of the faid Powers, Provifions and Claufes, as may be neceflary to be kept in force, for the Recovery of any Arrears ot the Yaid Duties hereby repealed, or any Penalties incurred under any of the Afts hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall be conftrued to revive any Aft or Provifion which had been repealed-by any of the Afts or Provifions repealed by this Aft, and which were not in force at the time of palling this Aft, but the fame lhall continue repealed notwithftanding any thing contained in this Aft. [See §. 31, pojl.]

II. And be it further enafted, That all Licences granted under any former Aft to Hawkers and Pedlars, by the Commiflioners of Hawkers and Pedlars, and in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, lhall continue in force until the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and ten 5 and that all future Licences which (hall he granted under and by virtue of this Aft, lhall continue in force until the Firft Day of Augufi next following the Dates of fuch Licences refpeftively.

III. And be it further enafted, that from and after the faid Firft Day of Augujly the Commiflion by which Commiflioners are appointed for licenfing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, (ball ceafe and determine.

IV. And be it further enafted, That it lhall he lawful for the Lord High Treafurer or the Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, out of the Monies raifed by this Aft, to pay to the faid Commiflioners for licenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, their Clerks or any other Perfons, fuch Sums of Money as they or any of them fliall or may reafonably deferve for their Service, or lhall or may have expended in the Execution of or in relation to this Aft : Provided always, that the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, (hall have Power to grant fuch Penfions by way of Compenfation to the Commiffion-

cra

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8ro.

50® GEO. III. .

U

oom and other Perfons who (hall be employed in the Office for granting Licences to Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, at the time of the paffiflff of this Aft, as to them (hall feem fit, fo as that the fame (hail not*in any Ca£e exceed the Amount of the Salary which any fuch Commiffiooers, or any fuch other P**rfo.i (hall be entitled to ia refpeft of his or her Situation in the faid Office.

V.	And be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained Good* may b*

(hall extend or be conftrued to extend tb hinder any Perfon or Perfons	?T,<!

from felling or expoiingto Sale aoy Sorts of Goods or Merchandize ^#u

to any Publick Mart, Market or Fair, legally eftablifhed within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Walis and Town of Berwick k/M 7weed, but fuch Perfon or Perfons may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Aft ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith&anding.

VI.	And be it enafted. That from and after the faid Firft Day of Duty for Licei-dngn/l there (hall be raifed, aafwered aud paid to and for the U(c of ccs.

His Majefty, his Heirs aud Succcffors, the Rates and Duties following, that is to fay, by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Perfon and Perfons going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Iioufes, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horfe, Horfes, orotherwife, in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy carrying to fell, or expofing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, a Duty of Four Pounds for each Year; and every Perfon fo travelling with a Horfe, AfsorMule or other Bead (a), bearing, or drawiog Burthen, the Sum of Four Pounds yearly for each Bead he or (he (hall fo travel with? over and above the (aid firft mentioned Duty of Four Pounds.	(a) [See

the Cafe of Rex v. Robotham% 3 Burr. p. 1472, mentioned in Note to yand 10 W. 3. c. 27. | 1.]

VII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Firft Hawker* (not

Day of Augufi it (hall not be lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, hemgReficleni*) Pfctty Chapmaa or any other trading Perfon or Perfons going from	*7	Auc"

Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houfes, and travelling either

on Foot or with Horfe or Horfes, either by opening a Room or Shop, and expofing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize by Retail in any Town, Pari(h or Place, fuch Perfon not being a Houfeholder there, or tlie fame not being an ufual Place of his or her Abode, or by any other Means or Device to vend or fell, either by himlelf or heifelf, or by any Auftioneer, whether licenfed or not,

Broker, Appraifer, Agent, Servant or other Perfon on hisor.fier Behalf, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatfoever, by Outcry,

Knocking down of Hammer, Candle, Lot, Parcel or any other Mode of Sale at Auftion, or whereby the belt or higheft Bidder is or (hall be deemed to be the Purchafer ; and that every Perfon and Perfons in vending or felling contrary to fuch Prohibition as lad aforefaid (hall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to Penalty, be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Duties by this Aft Duties under , impoftd (haU be under the Management of the Commiffioners for the

tune being for licenfmg and regulating Hackney Coaches, who (hall

have Power to employ fuch additional Clerks and Officers as may be Coscber

Cud Duties, and I 50‘Geo. III.

.III.	G	*	out

ung

All<

Digitized by •	)og!e

Si

Licence annu-

The Duties to be paid on receiving Licence.

Provifo for Per-fbns already authorized to grant Licences.

Hawkers to produce Certificate of Chara&er.

Form at Ccrtifir cate.

C.41.	5c0 GEO. III.	A.D.iSjo.

out of the faid Duties fo colledlcd by them, as (hall be approved by the Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury. .

IX.	And be it further enadled, That everyJHawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman fubjedl to the Duties hereby itnpofed, (hall annually take out a Licence in the manner hereinafter mentioned, which Licence (hall continue in force for fuch time and times as are herein-' before refpedlively provided in that Behalf.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the faid Firft Day of Auguf, every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman and other traaing Perfon or Perfons fo travelling as aforefaid, (hall, at the time of receiving his or her Licence as hereafter mentioned, and without any Difcount whatfoever, pay all Duties granted or made payable by, or impofed upon him or her refpedlively, to the Cum-miflioners for the time being for licenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or fome Perfon or Perfons in that Behalf authorized or deputed by them, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and upon Payment thereof, and not otherwife, a Licenfe (hall be granted to fuch Perfon, fubferibed by the faid Commiflioners for the time being, or any One of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi, and according to the Duties which (hall then be paid upon receiving fuch Licence.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That any Perfon duly authorized and deputed by the prefent Commiffior.ers to grant Licences in any Place within the Limits of England and IVales^ and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy except the Cities of London and IVeJlminJlery and having Authority for that Purpofe at the time of palling this Adi, (hall have Power to grant Licences under the Pro-vifions of this Adi, as if they had been duly authorized and deputed under this Adi by the Commiflioners of Hackney Coaches, until fuch laft mentioned Commiflioners (hall think fit to annul their Authority.

XII.	And be it enadled, That before any Perfon or Perfons (ball, receive any Licence to trade or travel as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall produce to the Commiflioner or Commiflioners for licenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or their Deputy or Deputies appointed for licenfing Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen and other trading Perfons as aforefaid, a Certificate, figned by fome one Clergyman officiating within the Parilh, Chapelry or Place, wherein fuch Perfon fo applying for fuch Licence ha6 his ufual Refidence, and alfo by Two reputable Inhabitants of the faid Parilh, Chapelry or Place, attefting that the Perfon fo applying it of good Charadter and Reputation, and is a fit Perfon to be licenfed to exercife the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman.

•■XIII. And be it further enadled, That the Certificate fo to be produced as aforefaid, fhall be in the Form, or to the Effedl following:

*	"\X/E d. B. the Miniflcr, and C. D. and E. F. being two

*	” Houfeholders, refiding at	,

*	in the Paiifli, Chapelry, or otherwife, [as the Cafe may he], of

, iri the County of,	do	hereby

*	certify, that G. H. hath been known to us for the Space of

*	Years lall paft, and during all that Time hath ufually refided in

*	the faid Parifli, Chapelry, or otherwife, [ox the Cafe may he],

of

A.D.i8id.

0.4ft

56’ GEO. ILL

*3

1 of	,	and	is	a Perfon of good Chara&er and Reputation*

* and is a fit Perfon to be licenfed to exercife the Trade of a 1 Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman* Dated the Day of *

A. B. Minifter.

C£ ® | Houfeholders.

XIV.	And be it further en?&ed, That every Perfon to rirhonl	0f

any fuch Licence as aforefaid (hall be granted, under or by virtue Hawker to luv« of this A61, and who (hall trade with or under Colour of fuch the Words Licence, (hall caufc to be written, painted or printed in large legible * Licenfed Roman Capitals, upon the mod confpicuous Part of every Pack* Hawker/Ice* Bos, Bag, Trunk, Cafe, Cart or Waggon, or other Vehicle or Conveyance, in which he or fhe (hall carry his or her Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and of every Room and Shop in which he or fhe (half

fo trade ; andlikewife upon every Hand Bill or Advertifement which he or fhe fhall give out, diftribute or publifh, the Words, ‘ Licenfed Hawker/ together with the Number, Name or other Mark or Marks of Diftin&ion fo written or printed upon his or her Licence as aforefaid; and that every fuch Perfon in any Refpeft making Default Penalty, herein fhall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV.	And be it further ena6led, That if at any Time from and after Perfons not 1»* the faid Firft Day of Augujl, any Perfon other than to whom fuch cenfed ufing Licence fhall have been fo granted as aforefaid, fhall write, paint or Word* print, or caufe to be written, painted or printed, or kept or continue

written, painted or printed upon any Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Cafe,

Cart, Waggon', or other Vehicle or Conveyance for any Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, or in any Room or Shop in which he or fhe (hall fell or expofe to Sale or keep for Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Words Licenfed Hawker or Licenfed Pedlar, or any other Word or Words to that Effeft, every Perfon offending Penalty, therein fhall forfeit for each Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds,

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, Hawlcen dealing Petty Chapman or other trading Perfon as aforefaid, fhall, from and in haggled after the faid Firft Day of Augujiy be convi&ed of knowingly dealing

in, vending or felling any Kind of fmuggled, contraband or prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or knowingly dealing in* vending or felling any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fraudulently er difhoneftly procured either by themfelves or through the Medium of others, with their Privity and Knowledge, every fuch Hawker,

Pedlar, Petty Chapman or trading Perfon, fhall, from and after fuch Convi&ion, forfeit his or her Licence, and for ever thereafter ke Penalty, incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing, trafficking or trading under the fame, and that over and above all fuch Forfeitures and Incapacities, Fines and Penalties to which he or Hie is or fhall be by Law fubjedl and ball*, for fuch illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XVIL And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Hawker, Trading contrary Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other trading Perfon fo travelling as to L»c«ice. aforefaid, fhall, from and after the faid Firft Day of Augtift, trade as aforefaid without, or contrary to, or othefwile than as fhall be allowed by fuch Licence, fuck Perfon (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and Penalty, applied as hereinafter mentioned; and that if any Perfon trading C 2	under

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.&iSio.

w

fenalfy.

Imprifonmptrt. Fortins or ufing forged Ltceuce.

Penalty.

Hiring or lending licence.

Pknalty.

IVrfon* trading without Licence, or refufiii? to produce it, liote jetlt with.

C.4r.	50*	GEO, III,

under of by virtue of any Licence to bun or her granted a» aforefaid, upon Demand made by any Perfon or Perfoqs authorized or appointed to demand any fuch Licence by tl\e Cpromifltooera for licenfing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen for the time being, or any Two of them, under their Hands and Seals, and upou producing or (hewing fuch Authority or Appointment to fuch Perfon fo trading as laft aforefaid, or upon Demand made by any Judice of the Peace, Mayor, Cpnftable or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Riding* Divilion, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where he or die (hall fo trade, or by any Officer of the Cuffom* or Excite, or by any Perfon to whom fuch Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman (hall offer any Goods to Sale, (hall refute to produce and thew his or her Licence for fo trading as aforefaid, or (hall not have his or her Licence ready to produce and ffiew unto fuch Perfon authorised or appointed as laft aforefaid, or unto fuch Judice of the Peace, Mayor, Cqndahle or other Officer of the Cuftoras or Excite* that then the Perfon fo refuhng or not having hU or h#r Licence ready to produce and diew as aforefaid, (hall forfeit Ten Pounds* to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned, and for Nonpayment therof (hall differ as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the Houfe of Correftion.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons what foe ver, (hall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences by this Aft direfted to be granted, or travel with, or produce or (hew any fuch forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences, for any of the PitrpofeB aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (ball, for every Fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pound* to be recovered and applied as hereinafter direfted.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon (hall lot out, or hire or lend a#y Licence to him or her granted as aforefaid, or (hall trade with or uwder colour of any Licence granted unto any Perfon whatfoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own feal Name Avail not be mferted as the Name of the Perfon to whom the fame is granted, the Perfon lotting out to hire or lending any fuch 1 Jet nee, and the Perfon fo trading with or under colour of any Licence granted to any other Perfon, or any Licence in which liia or her own real Name (hall not be infcrted, as the Name of the Perfon to whom the fame is granted, (hall each of them forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned; and in cafe any Perfon (hall be convifted or have Judgment agaiaft him for lending his or her Licence to any other Perfon cvr Perfooa contrary to this Aft, fuch his or her Licence (hall be frowr henceforth forfeited and void, and he or (he (hall be utterly incapable of having any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforc-feid ; Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall fubjeft t& the faid Penally any Servant travelling for a been fed Maftcr, with the Licence of fuch Mafter, and for his Benefit; or any licenfed* Mailer fending fuch Servant to travel with fuch Licence.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawfiA for any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever to feize and detain any fuch Hawker* Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Perfon as aforefaid, who* (hall be fonnd trading without a Licence contrary to this Aft, or who being found trading (hall refjufe or neglcft to produce to fuch, Perfon or Perfons a jQconcc according to this Aft, after being

required

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8to.

GEO. III.	C.41.

required fo to do for a reasonable time, in order to give Notice to a Conftable, Headborougb, Tithingman Or other Peace Officer or Officers, who ate hereby required to carry fitch Perfons fo feized, usfefs they (hall in the meati time produce their refpe&ive Licences before fome one of his Maicfty’s Juftice* of the Peace of the Couhtv or Place where ftich Offence or Offbtocfes (hall be committed, which faid Juftice of the Peace is hereby autliorized and ffri&ly required to ekafnitie into the Fa& or EtfU charged 5 and upon the Tmding witb-ftt>of, either by Confeffion of the Parly offending, br by the Oath out Licence, of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which the faid Juftice is hereby empowered to adiriinifter), that the Perfon fo brought before him had fb traded as afore faid, and no fuch Licence being produced by fnch Offender before the faid Juftice, to convidt the Offender fo trading without a Licence, and thereupon it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to caufe the faid Sum of Fdrty Pounds to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize Diflid*. of fuch Offender or Offenders, or tof the Goods («) which fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be found trading as afore faid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thei*eof, after deducting the reafonable Charges for making fuch Diftrefs, and out of the fold Sale to pay the laid refpedtive Penalties and Forfeitures	.

aforefaid, and in the mean time to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion for the County, Riding, Divifion, Imprifoument* City, Liberty, Town dr Place where the faid Offence (hall be committed, thefe to remain until the faid Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reafonable Charges of taking the faid Diftrefs, (hall be levied by fueh Diftrefs and Sale as afotefaid, or until the fame (hall be otherwiie paid or fatisfied by fuch Offender;	(a)	[Query

“ with <Wbich.”]

XXI,	And be it further ena&ed, That if atir Conftable, Head- Canfabte reborough or Tithingman, or other Officer ot Officers of the Peace fufingw*®h (hall refufe or negledt upon due Notice, or on his or their own View

to be aidihg and aflifting in the Execution of this A6t, being thereunto required, and each and every fuch Officer or Officers being thereof coilvicled upon his Confeffioii, or by the Oath of Oife or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes before any Juftice of the Peace for the County or place where the Offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit tor each and every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds* Penalty, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XXII.	And be it further cna&ed, That it (hall be lawful fcr any Hawlrrs July Perfon or Perfons who on the Firft Day of May was or were duty Kcenfed, may licenfed to trade as .Hawkers and Pedlars, to fet up, occupy, ufe or *et upTrvIe in exencife any Craft, Myftery or Occupation, ufed or occupied within

this Realm in any Place where they (hall be refident Inhabitants, e,we* although they (hall not have been brought up in fuch Craft, Myftery or Occupation Seven Year as Apprentices; and alfo to fet any rerfon to work in fuch Craft, Myftery or Occupation, although fuch Perfon (hall not have been Apprentice therein as aforefaid, any Penalty,

Matter or Thing contained in an A& paffed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Ad containing divers 5 Biz. c. 4; Orders fot Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hujbandry and Apprentice > to the contrary notwithftanding 1 and that if any fuch Perfon or their Wives or Children (hall be profecuted for ufing or ex-

G 3	ercifiug

Digitized by

8 6

C. 4» *

50* GEO. III.

A.D.i8iq,

General Iffue.

Double CofU,

ercifing any fuch Craft, Myftery or Occupation in any City, Town, or Place, and “(hall make it appear that they had fuch Licence a* aforefaid, they (hall, upon the General IfTue pleaded, be found Not Guilty, in any A&ion, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indidlment for fuch Caufe exhibited againft him, and in all Cafes where Cells are allowed, fuch Perfon fo acquitted Hull be entitled to and fhall re-» ceive double Colls; and that no fuch Perfons, their Wives or ChiL dren, during the time they flydl ufe and exercife fuch Craft, Myttcry or Occupation in any Paii(H%r Place, fhall be removeable therefrom to his, her or their laft legal Place of Settlement, uqtil fuch Perfon Qr Perfons fhall become a&ually chargeable to fuch Parilh or Place, any Law not (a) iu being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, to the contrary thereof notwfthftanding,	(a)	[Query	“ no<w iq

king.”]

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby cna&ed, That nothing in this A& (hall extend to prohibit any Perfon or Perfons from felling any printed Papers liccnfed by Authority, or any Filh, Fruit It qr Visuals, nor to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers of any Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her or their Children, Apprentices or known Agents or Servants* JMrtu. jkwttfually refiding with fuch real Workers or Makers only, from carrying

Prov'fo for certain Trades, Sec.

oiu

iph ttf

is abroad or exposing to Sale, and felling by retail or otherwife, any of the faid Goods, Wares or Manufactures, of hfs, her or their own making, in any Mart, Market or Fair, and in every City, Borough, Town Corporate and Market Town, nor any Tinkers, Coopers, Glaziers, Plumbers, Hamefs Menders, or other Perfons ufually trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Houfehold Goods or Harnels whatfoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the fame.

Tensities above XXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That all pecuniary Penalties yol. where to be which (hall be incurred under this A& of a greater Sum than recovered.	Twenty	Pounds, (hall be recovered, together with Cods of Suit, iu

any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler, by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaiut or Information, wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and One Moiety of every fuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall belong to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

Penalties under	XXV. And be it further enadled, That in all Cafes where the

Qol.Jiow to be	pecuniary Penalty by this A& impofed does not exceed the Sum of

recovered.	Twenty	Pounds, it (hall be recoverable before One of His Majefty’*

Juftices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Divifion, City, Liberty, Town or Place, wherein the Offence (hall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by voluntary Confeffion of the Party or Parties accufed, or by the Oath of One or more credible WitneU pr Witneffes, and one Moiety of every fuch laft mentioned Penalty (hall belong to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers profecuting for the fame, and in cafe of Non-payment, the faid Juftice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, (hall caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, or of the Good3 and Chattels with which fuch Offender (hall be found trading, and the Overplus pf the Money raifed, after dedu&ing the Penalty and Expeace of

the

Digitized by

Google

AD.i8xo.

50® GEO. ILL

G41.	*<?

the Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner, and {hall alfo commit the Offender to the Prifon of fuch County, Shire, Divifion,

City, Liberty, Town or Place, there to remain until the faid Penalties, and the reafonable Charges of taking the faid Diftrefs, (hall be tried by fuch Diftrefs and Sale as aforefaid, or until the fame (hall be paid or fatisiied by fuch Offender; and it {hall be lawful foi* any fuch Juftice of the Peace, by his Warrant to caufe fuch Offender to be apprehended and brought before him to anfwer to any Charge or Complaint for any fuch Penalty, and to commit fuch Offender to Prifon as aforefaid, until the hearing of fuch Charge or Complaint, ualefs he or fhe (hall and do enter into a Recognizance before fuch Juftice, with Two fufficient Sureties in a fuflicient Sum, to be ordered by fuch Juftice to appear at the hearing of fuch Charge or Complaint.

*	XXVI. Provided always, and be it Further enabled. That no Perfon

committed to any Gaol or Houfe of Corredion for any Offence 1	'

committed againft this Ad, (hall be detained in fuch Gaol or Houfe

of Corredion, for any longer Space of Time than Three Months.

■ XXVII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Appeab {hall find himfeif, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuch Juftice, then he, {he or they {hall or may, upon entering into a Recognizance with Two fufficient Sureties, to be approved by fuch Juftice, to the Amountof the Value of fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which, in the Judgment of fuch Juftice (hall be adequate to the Amountof the Cofts which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Cofts as (hall be adjudged in cafe fuch Judgment {hall be affirmed, appeal to the Jufticea of the Peace at the next General Seffions for the County, Riding or Place, (a) are hereby empowered'to fummon and examine Witneffes upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, or at their Difcretion to ftate the Fads efpecially for the Determination of His Majefty's Court of King's Bench thereon ; and in cafe the Judgment of fuch Juftice {hall be affirmed, it {hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, or the Court of King's Bench, to award the Perfon or Perfons to pay fuch Cofts occafioned by fuch Appeal as to r of ron-, them {hall feem meet.	(a)	[Query 44 who.’9'}	viaUm.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That a Convidion in the Form or„to the Effed following, mutatis mutandis, as the cafe {hall happen to be, {hall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, without ftating the Evidence, and without alledging more than the Subftancc of the Offence in all Cafes wherein any fuch Juftice of the Peace hath Power to convid by virtue of the prefent Ad:

*	"DE it remembered, That on the Day of

*	in the Year of our Lord	at	y

4 in the County of	A. B. came before me C. D*

*	One of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the faid 1 County 4 refiding near the Place where the Offence hereinafter mentioned 4 was committed, and inforriied me that E• F. of

4 in the faid County of	[here fet forth the Fa8

* /or which the Information ts laid1, whereupon the faid E. F. being 4 duly fummoned to anfwer the laid Charge, appeared before me,

4 (and having heard the Charge contained in the faid Information,

4 acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the Fads therein Hated to

*	be true,) but in his [or her] Defence alledged [here felting forth

g4

‘ tS

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iftio.

4$i

Certiorari

Jufiicesto t runtime A<coun's of ( jmvuftiom, and Penalties

To pay we*

Money to Clerk of the Peace, who is to remit fame.

C.4L	50*	GEO. III.

•	tie Suhftarut of tit Defence] or voluntarily confeffcd the (aid Charge

♦ to be true, or did not make any Defence againil the faid Charge^

* whereupon the fame was fully proved on the Oath of G. M’. a

*	credible Witnefs, or faid that he [or Ihe] was not guilty of the

•	faid Offence, whereupon the fame was fully proved on the Oath of

♦	Q. H• a credible Witnefs [or as the Cafe jball be~\, or did not appear 1 before me purfuant to the faid Summon*, but the faid Charge was 4 fully proved on the Oath of G. H. a credible Witnefa [er as tkf

*	Cafe jball £*}, and therefore it manifeftly appearing to me, that the 4 faid E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged in the laid Information}

*	I do hereby convift him [or her] of the faid Offence, and do

•	adjudge that he [or (lie] hath forfeited the Sum of

4 or his [or her] Licence, and the Sum of 4 of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be diftributed as the Law

*	direfts according to the Form of the Statute in fuch cafe made

1 and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal the >

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That no Conviftion upon this Aft (hall be removed or removeable by Writ of Certiorari or other-wife into His Majefty's Court of King's Dench or any other Court, fare upon an Appeal as by this Aft is direfted.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That every Juft ice before whom any Perfon hath already been convifted of any Offence under or by virtue of any of the Afts hereby repealed, and having received for His Majefty's Ufe any Part or Share of any Penalty levied, inflifted or paid under or by virtue of fuch Conviftion for which he has not already accounted, (hall, within Six Months after the paffing of this Aft, tranfmit to the Commitftonfers for licenfing Hawkers, Pedlar! and Petty Chapmen, a Schedule or Schedules containing the Names of the Perfons fo convifted, the Day on which they were convifted, their refpeftive Offences, and the refpeftive Sums now remaining in the Hands of fuch Juilice for His Majefty's Ufe, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of fuch Conviftions, arranged according to the feveral Counties, Ridings or Places within which fuch Conviftions Lath been made, and every Jufticc before whom any fuch Perfon (hall be convifted of any Offence under or by virtue of this Aft, (hall take and receive Hw Majefly's Share of the Penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of fuch Conviftion, amd that every fuch Jufticc, his Executors or Adminiftratars, (hall pay or caule to be paid all fuck Sums of Money as (hall be remaining in his or their Hands at the time of the palling of this Aft, at the next General Quarter-Seifions pf the Peace after the palling of this Aft ; and all fuch Sums which he (hall fo take or receive upon any Conviftion under or by virtue of this Aft asaforefaid, at the next General Selfions of the Peace after he (ball have fo taken or received the fame, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace or other fuch like Officer for the County, Riding or Place, within which fuch Conviftion (hall have been made, who is heteby direfted to remit the fame forthwith, without Fee or Reward, to the faid Commillioners for licenfing Hawkers, Pedlars and Pettv Chapmen, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the greateft Part of them (hall appoint, and that every Juftice, his Executors or Adminiftrators, (hill immediately on foch Payment made to any Clerk of the Peace or other fuch Officer, tranfmit a like Schedule to the faid Commillioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or the greater Part of them (hall appoint.

XXXI. And

Digitized by Google

AJ).iSi&.

50* GEO. m.

C. 41.

*9

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all . and every the Powers Authorities, Di region a, Rules, Methods, Penalties and F^lfeituret, Exemptions, Claufes, Matters and Things whatfoever, which in and by the faid A6t made in the Reign of King William the Third, or by any other Law now in force relating to or concerning the Duties by that Adfc granted, are provided, fettled or eftablifhea, (other than io far as the fame is, are or (hall be inconfiftent with, or coutradi&ory or repugnant to any thing in this A& contained, and other than in fuch C^ies for which different Provifiona are preferibed by this A&), (hall be exercifed, pra&ifed, applied, ufed and put in Execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colledling, recovering and paying the feveral Duties hereby granted, and be in force with refpe& to the fame, as fully and effe&ually, to all Intents and Furpofes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Cbufes, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and again ena&ed in this prefent Aft. [&r Repeal of 9 and 10 W, 3. c. 27. ante \ I. and alfo the fecond Line of § 30. ante. J

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall be fummoned as a Witnefs or Witnefles, to give Evidence before any Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace, torching any of the Matters relative to this Adt, or the hereinbefore mentioned Adt, made in the Reign of King William the Third, and (hall neglcdt or refufe to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a reasonable Excufe for fuch Negledl or Refufal, to be allowed of by fuch Juftice or Jullices of the Peace, or, appearing ihall refufe to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom the Profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch Perfon Ihall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid, in fuch manner and by fuch means as are herein diredted as to toother Penalties.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral Duties hereinbefore granted, (hall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Calhier for the time being, of the Duties on Hawsers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, who (hall keep a feparate and diilin£l Account of the feveral Kates and Duties, arid pay the fame (the necefiary Charges of raifmg, paying and accounting for the fame being deducted,) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the Duties now charged on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall be provided and kept in a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arifmg from the f^id feveral Rates and Duties, mod paid into the Receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other Monies paid qr payable to His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, upon any Account whatfoever 5 and the faid Money, fo paid into the faid Receipt of Exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Coufolidated Fund, and (hall be fubied to all the Charges to which the Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars were liable immediately before the paffing of this Ad.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefled or profecuted for any thing by hiiji or them done or executed in purfuanqe of this

Adj

70 W. 3. c. 27. where applicable extruded to tkis A61.

Witncflea

refilling to attend or to give Evidence.

Penalty.

Application of Duties.

General Iffue.

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.i8id.

Aft,-or of any Claufc, Matter dr Thing herein contained, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall and may plead the General Iflue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence 5 and if, vpon the Trial, a Verdift (hall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants; or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become noufuited or Judgment (haM be recovered againlt him or them upon Demurrer ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall difeontinne his, her or their Aftion ; or be non-proffed therein 5 then fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Treble CofU. Coils awarded to him or them againil fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLII.

An Aft for confolidating the Duties of Cuftoms for the IJle of Many and for placing the fame under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuiloms in England. [2(1 June 1810.]

7 G. a. c. 45*	‘	TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Seventh Year of the

♦	VV Reign of His prefeut Majeily, intituled, An A8 for 4 encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufadures of the I(le of

* Man ; and for the mere eafy Supply of the Inhabitantj there, •with a 4 certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Floury authorised 4 by an Act made in this Seffion% to be tranfported to the /aid IJlancL, the

^	4 Duties payable to His Majeily on certain Goods, Wares and Mer-

4 chandize imported into the laid IJle of Man% are direfted to be raifed,

4 levied, collefted, paid and recovered under the Authority and 4 Dircftion of the Commiflioners of the Treafury, or the Lord 4 High Treafurer for the time being, and are to be paid into the 4 Receipt of His Majeily’s Exchequer; and fuch Part thereof as 4 (hall remain, after the neceffary Expences attending the faid Govern-4 ment of the faid IJle of Many and the Adminiftration of Juilice there 4 are from time to time defrayed, is referved for the Difpofition of 45 G. 3. e. 99	* Parliament : And whereas by an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year

4 of Hi9 faid Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A3 for regulating and 4 encouraging the Trade for the Improvement of the Revenue and Pre-j	4 vent ion of Smuggling to and from the Ifle of Man, certain Duties

4 are directed to be paid on the Importation of Wine, Brandy,

4 Geneva, Tea, Coffee and Tobacco, in lieu of the former Duties 4 payable on fuch Goods; and the faid Duties are direfted to be 4 raifed, levied, collefted, paid, recovered and accounted for under § 3,	4 the Authority and Dircftion, and under the Management and

4 Controul of the Commiflioners of the Cuflams in England for the 4 time being, and fuch Part thereof as (hall remain, after the neceffary 4 Expences attending the Government of the faid IJle of Many and 4 the Adminiftration of Juftice there are from time to time defrayed 4 and certain Bounties and Charges paid thereout, are to go and 4 make Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain; and it is 4 expedient that the Duties impofed by the faid Afts (hould be coo-4 folidated into one Aft and levied and collefted under the foie 4 Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England for 4 the time being, and be applied in the manner direfted by the faid 4 laft recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majeily, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth

Day

Digitized by

Google

A«D.i8io<

Stl

5q° geo. in.	C*42*

Day, ofJuly One thoufand-eight hundred and ten, all and lingular the Duties payable to His Majefty, his Heirs, and Succeffors by virtue of any Aft or A&s of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize into the JJle of Man, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except any fuch Duties as may, on the faid Fifth Day of July remain unpaid, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize which (hall have been imported at any time before the faid Fifth Day of July ; and in lieu of the faid Duties hereby made to ceafe and determine, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTbrs, in Sterling M^ney of Great Britain, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported and brought into the laid JJle of Man, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are inferted, de-fcribed and fet forth in Figures in the Schedule hereunto aunexed marked (A.)i any Law, Cultom or Ufage to the contrary notwith-(landing.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Duties granted and impofed by this Aft, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafare or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merclian-<Jiie charged with fuch Duties, (hall be charged and payable upon ^ny greater or lefs Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafure or Value thereof, than the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafure or Value particularly ipfertcd, defcribed and fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, according to the Account taken of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time of the Examination thereof by the proper Officer or OfHceis of the Cuftoms.

III.	And be it further enafted, That every Aft of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize prohibited to be imported or exported from the faid IJle of Man, pr by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Reftriftions, were made, eftablifhed or direfted, for the better fecuriwg the Revenue of Cuftoms in the faid IJle of Man or Great Britain, or for the regular Importation into the laid IJle of Man of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the entering or landing thereof, except where any Alteration is exprefsly made by this Aft, aud all Provifious, Ciaufes, Matters and Things relating thereto, (hall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Farce and Effeft, and (hall be applied to the Subject of this Aft, aud for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully aud effeftually as if they had been repeated and re-enafted in this prefent Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where by the faid Schedule hereunto annexed, the Duties of Cuftoms by this Aft impofed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize into the IJle of Man, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Meafure, but according to the Value thereof, iuch Value (hall be taken and confidered as the fame (hall be at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of fo much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this Aft (hall amount to, and that fuch Value (hall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize fo imported, or of his known Agent ot Faftor, in Manner and Form following : videlicet

'« I

Duties oiv Goals imported into Hie of Man to Ceafe.

Other Duties.

How Duties to be paid.

Farmer A<fta it force.

How Value ot* Goods taken to afeertaiu Duties.

Digitized by C^ooQle

92

Form of Perforation of-V alue of Goods.

Fn what cafe

GocxU may be fei/ed.

How difpofed of before Sale.

Proceeds

difpofed of ai’rer Safe.

C. 42.	506	GtO.	lit	A.D.i8vo.-

• T jf. B. do hereby declare. That the Goods mentioned in this 4 A Entry, and contained in the Packages \here /pacifying the 4 frvcral Packages, and describing the fevtrnXMarts and Numbers as 4 the Cafe may be], and that I am the Importer or Proprietor thereof, 4 or, that I am duly authorized by him [<1/ the Cafe may beand £

4 do enter the fame at the Value of

4 Witnefs my Hand the	Day of

4 The above Declaration figned the	Day	of

4 in the Prefegce of

4 Colledlor, Comptroller or other principal Officer.® Which Declaration fhall be written on the Warrant of the Entry of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and fhall be fubferibed with the Hand of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or FaClor, in the Prefence of Two of the proper Officers of the Cuiloms at the Port of Importation, of which the Colle&or (hall be One, who fhall certify the fame under their Hands; and fuch Declaration, fo made and figned as hereinbefore dire&ed, fhall be to all Intents and Purpofes whatever of the fame Force and Effe£fc, and the Importer or Proprietor bf filch Goods, Wares or Merchant dize, fhall be in every refpedt bound by fuch Declaration, as fully and effe&ually as if the Value of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchant dize had been afeertained by the Oath or Affirmation of fuch Itt* porter or Proprietor.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if upon View or Examination of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize fey the proper Officer or Officers of the Cufloms, it fhall appear to him or them that fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize are not valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Iutentand Meaning of this Adi, then it fhall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cufloms to detain fuch Goods, \Vares or Merchandize, and to caufe the fame to be conveyed into His Majefty’s Warehoufe, or otherwife properly fecurcd at the Port of Importa* tion, and to take fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize for the Ufa and Benefit of the Crown, within Eight Days from the Landing thereof, and the Colledlor of the Cuhorns in the Port where fuch Goods fhall be detained with the Privity of his Comptroller, is hereby empowered to pay out of any Money in his Hands, arifing from the Revenue of Cuiloms to the Importer or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Value thereof fo afeertained as aforefaid, together with ?n Addition of Ten Pounds ter Centum thereon, and alfo the Duties paid on the Importation of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, but without any further Allowance either on account of Freight, or any other Charge or Expence whatever; which Payment fhall be made within Fifteen Days after the faid Goods, Wares or Merchandize fhall have been fo taken ; and fuch Payment fo made to the Importeror Proprietor of fucli Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fhall.be in full Satisfaction for the fame, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Goods, Wares or Merchandize had been regularly fold.

VI.	And be it further enaClcd, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Colledor and Comptroller to caufe the faid Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be fairly and publickly fold to thebefl Advantage, and in cafe there fhall be any Overplus remaining from the Produce .of fuch Sale, after deducting the Value fo afeertaioed as aforefaid,

together

Digitized by Google

AJXiSio.

9%

50° GEO. III.

C. 42.

tether with the Additiaa of Ten Founds per Centum thereon, and ofthe Duties paid on the Importation, and alfo the Charges arifing from the Warenoufiog and Sale of fuch Goods, the ColTcAor and Comptroller (hall and may pay One Moiety of the Overplus to the (ereral and refpe^ive Officers of the Cuftoms, concerned in the View aod Examination of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as an ^Encouragement for the faithful Difcbarge of their Duty, and the Other Moiety of fuch Overplus, together with the Amount of the Value of fueh Goods fa afeertained as aforefaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum% and alfo of the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, (hall bo remitted to the Receiver General of the Cuftoms in 1England* to be applied in like manner as if the fame bad been received on account oi the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad granted and impofed; but in cafe it (hall fo happen that the Produce of fuch Sale, after dcduAing the Charges arifing from the Ware-houfiog, Securing or SaW of fuch Goods, (hall not exceed the Value of fuch Goods fb ascertained as aforefaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof, that then, and in fuch cafe, the whole Produce of the Sale of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after deducing the Charge arifing from the Warehoufing, Securing and Sale thereof, (hall be remitted to the faid Receiver General of the Cuftoms in England* to be applied in like manner as if the fame had been received no account of Duties.

VII. And be it further enaAed, That in cafe any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Cuftoms are hereby impofed (hall be detained by any Officer of the Cuftoms on account of the fame not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and to the true Intent and Meaning of this AA, it (hall and

accord

may be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms for the time being, or any Four or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direA the Goods to be delivered and the Entry to be amended, upon fuch Terms and Conditions sm under the Circuraftances of the cafe (hall appear to the faid Commiflioners of the Cuftoms to be reafonable, and as they (hall think fit to dire A; Provided always that if the Importer qr Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall

a the Terms or Conditions preferibed by the faid Commiflioners Cuftoms refpeAively, fuch Importer ox Proprietor (hall not lave or be entitled to any Rccompence or Damage on accou.U of die Detention of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or have or maintain any AAion whatever for the fame; any Law, Cuftom or Ubge to the contrary not with Handing.

YTIL And be it further enaAed, That the (aid Rates and Duties ball be paid m ready Money to the ColleAor or Colie Aors of the £nftoms in the faid ljle of Man appointed to receive the fame without any Diicount or Allowance whatever ; aod (hall be railed* Wed* coQeAed, paid* recovered and accounted for under the Authority and DireAion, and under the Management and Controul ?f the (laid CornmUfioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time bring, in like Manner and Form* and by the fame Rules and Regu-bppfis, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters fed Things not hereby altered, and, as far as the Came are applicable, U the Duties,of Cuftoms in England arc raHed, levied, colleAed, 8	paid,

In what cafe Corami flkmerf may order Goods to l>edelivered up, and Entry amended.

Duties paid te Colle&or, and to be under Commiffioncr* of Cultonw ip England.

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSiOr

Money to oe remind to Receiver General.

Confolidated

Fund.

Colle&or to make up Accounts of Duties, and tranfmit to Treafury, Duplicate to Auditor, and another to Duke oi Atkoll.

Nrglcfl.

Penalty.

Collc&or to keep Books.

C. 42.	50®	Giio.	III.

£aid, recovered and accounted for, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the feveral Claufes, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto were particularly repeated and again enacted in this prefent Adi.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received under the Authority of this Adi (hall be remitted to the Receiver General and Caftiier of the Cultom3 in England agreeably to fuch Directions as may from time to time be given for that Purpofe by the faid Commifftoncrs of the Cuftoms in England, to be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer diltinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and fuch Part thereof as (hail remain, after the neceflary Expences attending the Government of the faid JJle of Man, and the Adminiftration of Juftice there, and all other Charges, are from time to time defrayed, (hall go to and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

X.	And be it further enadted, That thfe Colledlor of the Cuftoms at the Port of Douglas in the faid Ide, for the time being, (hall, as foon after the Expiration of each Quarter of every Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of Odober refpedlively in each Year, as the fame can be done, make out an Account of the grofs Produce ot the Duties of Cuftoms payable and ariftng within the faid I (land in the preceding Quarter, in fuch Form as (hall 'be diredled by the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty's Treafury, or anv Three of them for the time being, and (hall tranfmit and certify fticfi Account to the Lords Commiflioncrs of His’Majefty’s Treafury for the time being ; and a Duplicate fo certified to the Auditor for the time being of the Exchequer; and another Duplicate to the mod Noble John Duke of Atholly or to the Perfon entitled for the time being to any Annuity out of the Confolidated Fund, to be calculated on any Amount of fuch Duties under any Adi or Adis now in force, or hereafter to be made, to any Perfon or Perfons appointed by him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to receive the fame ; and if any fuch Colledlor of the Cuftoms at the faid Port of Douglas (hall refufc or negledl to make out fuch Account, or to tranfmit fuch Duplicates as aforefaid, for the Space of One Month after the fame can be done, fuch Colledlor of the Cuftoms (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the further Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each and every Month fuccceding fuch Firft Month, for which he^ihall omit or neglcft to make out fuch Account, or to fend fuch Duplicates fo certified as aforefaid ; and to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Wcjlminjler, by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Effoign or Wager of Law (hall be allowed, or in any Court in the faid Ifland ; and every fuch Penalty (hall go and be applied to the Ufe of the faid John Duke of Atholly or the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to fuch Annuity as aforefaid.

XL And be it further enadled, That there (hall be provided and kept by the faid Colledlor of the Cuftoms at the faid PoTt of Douglas, for the time being, a Book or Books in which the Duties of Cuftoms arifing and payable within the JJle of Man under this Adi (hall be entered feparate and under diftindl Heads, (pecifying the refpedlive Amount of the Duties of Cuftoms on the feveral Articles imported by Licetife of the Conuniffioners. of His Mwfty’s Cuftoms m

England

Digitized by Google

50* GEO. III.	C. 42.'	P5

England and Scotland refpe&ively, and the Amount of Duties on Goods, Wares or Merchandize not imported by Licenfe ; and if any of the (aid Duties, or any Part or Proportion of any fuch Duties,

(hall at any time hereafter be repealed, altered or varied, then, and in fuch cafe, the average Produce of the Duties, or Proportion of Duties (b repealed, altered or varied, for the Three Years preceding the Fifth .Day of January immediately preceding fuch Repeal,

Alteratio#'or Variation of fuch Duties as aforefaid, (hall be entered didin&ly and feparately in fuch Book or Books as aforelaid ; and if any new Duties (hall be granted in lieu of any Duties fo repealed, altered or varied, then, and in fuch cafe, the Duties, or fuch a Proportion thereof as (hall be equal to any Duties fo repealed, or to fuch Proportions of auy fuch Duties as (hall be fo altered or varied, (hall	^

alfo be entered diftin&ly and feparately in fuch Book or Books:

Provided, that it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons Importation of

to import, without Payment of any Cuttom or other Duty, into the	ot™r	c

faid IJle of Man, in any Ship or Veflel from any Port or Place, any Man Daw tree?

Flax, Flax Seed, Raw or Brown Linen Yarn, Wood A(hes, Weed

Afhes, Flefh of all Sorts, and any Sort of Corn or Grain, from any

P*rt or Place (except from Great Britain only,) and any Quantity

of Herrings not exceeding One thoufand Barrels of Herrings annually

for the Confumption of the IHand, on Failure of the Fifhery carried

on upon the Coafl thereof; the faid Herrings being imported by

virtue and in pnrfuance of Licenfe granted for that Purpofe by the

Honfe of Keys in the faid Lfland.

XII. And be it further cna&e^* That it (hall dnd may be lawful Of Linen Cloth, for any of His Majetty’s Subjedh to import into the Ifle of Man &c* in Britijb Vtfilds navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place • in Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of White or Brown Linen Cloth, and Hemp or Hemp Seed, being the Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain or Ireland, Horfes and Black Cattle, all Utenfils a%d lullruments fit and neceflary to be employed in Manufactures,

Fisheries or Agriculture, Bricks and Tiles, all Sort*of young Trees,

Set Shells, Lime and Soapers’ Watte, Pack Thread, aud fmall Cordage for Nets, without Payment of any Cuftom or Duty what-foeter for the fame.

XllL And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful Of Salt, 8cq* for any of His Majefty’s Subjedts to import into the faid IJle of Man in Britijb VefTels navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, without Payment of any Cuttom or Duty whatfoever, any Sort of Salt, Boards, Timber and Hoops, being the Produce aud Manufadture of Great Britain, Iron in Rods or Bars,

Cotton, Indigo, Naval Stores and, any Sort of Wood, commonly oiled Lumber (as fpecified in an Adi patted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Firft, intituled,. An Ad for giving • G.i.c. is. further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned), of theGrowth, Produdtion or Manufadture of auy Briti/b Colony or Plantation in America, and all other Goods of the Growth, Produdtion or Manufadture of the faid Colonies or Plantations for which any Bounty or Premium is allowed by Law on the Importation thereof into Great Britain j provided that due Entries (hall be made of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned, which are allowed to be imported into the faid IJle of Man, Duty-free, at the Cuttom Houfe for the Port or Place where the lame (hall *	5	be

Digitized by Google

9s

limitation of

A&ions.

General I flue.

Treble Cofts.

c.42.	500	Geo.	111.	A.D.1810.

be imported, fcxprcfling the Quantity and Qualities of fuch Good* in the ufual manner, before landing thereof, and the fame (hall be landed in the Prefence of the proper Officer of the Cuffoms for that Purpofe ; on Failure whereof the faid Goods (hall be charged with the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem; any thingiu this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced ajrainft any Perfon or Perfoni for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arife, and not elfewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited or difeontinue his, her or their A6tion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given again ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (nail have Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant had in other Cafe* to recover Cofts by Law.

SCHEDULE to which this A & refers.

Schedule (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into the Ille of Man of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

Coals, from Great Britain or Ireland, per Chaldron, Winchester Meafure Coffee, from Great Britain, under any Licence from the Commiflioners ot the Cuftoms in England or Scotland, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

Deal Boards, from Foreign Parts, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45. and 20 G. 3. c, 42.1

Hemp, the like	- .

Hops, from Great Britain, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3.C.99.]

Iron, from Foreign Parts, for every £\oo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 43. and ao G. 3. c. 42.] Spirits, via. Foreign Brandy, imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in England or Scotland, the Gallon [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

------- Foreign Geneva, imported from any Port or

Place whatever, under any Licence frofn the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland, the Gallon £45 G. 3. c. 99.]

£. s. (L 003

0	0	4
10	0	0
10	0	0
0	0	
10	0	0

030

030

Spirits,

50° GEO. IH.

97

C. 4*>43-

Spirits, Foreign RdAkhe 1 N. B. OlflBfcd ir

? like

in 45 G. 3. c. 99. Former Afts 7*G. 3.C. 45.	20 G. 3. c. 42. and

31 G. 3. C. 28.

Tea, to. Bohea Tea, the like, for every lb. Weight

£45 G. 3. c. 99.]

-— (men Tea, the like [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

Tobacco, the like [45 G. 3. c. 99.]

Timber from Foreign Parts, for every j£ioo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45. aud 20 G. 3. c.42.]

Wine, viz. French Win* Imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the CommifHoners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland, the Tun containi.ig 252 Gallons [43 G. 3. c. 99.]	-	-	-

......of any other Sort fo imported under Licence,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons [45 G. 3.

c 99-]	-	‘	f	"

Goods, Wares and Merchandize not hereinbefore particularly enumerated, which are or may be entitled to any Bounty or Drawback of Excife in Great Britain, and which fhall be imported from thence, for every £100 of the Value thereof C7G.3. c. 45.]	-	-

—.................... ■........... not	hereinbefore

charged with Duty, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, for every j£ioo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45.]	-	-

——-------------------------------   not	hereinbefore

charged with Duty, imported from any Port or Place from whence fuch Goods may lawfully be imported into the Ifleof Man [7 G. 3. c. 45.]

£• /•

O 2	0

0 0 6 OIO 0 0 6

IO Q ©

16 Q Q 12 0 0

5 o-o 2 10 0

15 O Q

CAP. XLIII.

An A£t for maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commiffioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[ad June 1810.]

•	TT7HEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Forty third Year of

4 VV the Reign of His prefent .Majefty, intituled, An A3 for 43 G. 3. e. so. 4 granting to His Majejly the Sum of Twenty theufand Pounds, to 4 be ijfntd and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges 4 in the Highlands of Scotland ; and for enabling the Proprietors of 4 Land in Scotland to charge their Ejtatcs with a Proportion of the 4 Ex pence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the 4 Highlands of Scotland: And whereas various Grants of Money 4 have been fince made and iflued to the Commiflionera therein named,

•	for the Purpofes therein mentioned : And whereas many Roads and

•	Bridges have been made and built purfuant to the faid recited Aft,

•	and others are in the courfe of being made and built; and it is

•	further neceflary to provide effeftual and adequate means for main-

50 Geo. III.	II	•	tainifig

Digitized by

Google

A.D. 181 o.

9*

In what cafe Conmiiflioiiers of Supply to determine what Piftri£fc (hull bear Expcncc of Repairs.

Appeal.

Trovifo.

State of Roads, S<c. Eftimaie of Expcnce, &c. to be laid l>cfore CouuuiiHoiicrs.

AflVffment on hand Owners.

C. 43.	50* GEO. III.

* tainingand keeping the fame in perpetual Repair ;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted^Abd be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by anc^|ph the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Supply iu any County wh.hin which any Road or Bridge hasalready been made or built purfriant to the faid recited^ Aft, to fdfcle and determine cither at the next Annual Meeting after the pafiing of this Aft, at which they fhall aflemble to aflefs the Land Tax, or at fuch Annual Meeting in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, what Part or Diftrift, Parts or Diftrifts of the County fhall bear or defray the Expence of maintaining and keeping each fuch Road or Bridge in Repair, and where any Road or Bridge fhall be made or built purfuaut to the faid recited Aft, in any County after the paffingr of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffiouers of Supply of fuch County, at fome Annual Meeting at which they fhall aflemble, to aflefs the Land Tax, which fhall be held within Two Years after fuch Road or Bridge fhall be completed, to fettle and determine what Part or Diftrift, Parts or Diftrifts of the County fhall bear and defray the Expence of maintaining and keeping fuch Road or Bridge in repair: Provided, that after any fuch Determination (hall have been once made, the fame fhall not be altered : And provided alfo, that if the faid Commiflioners of Supply fhall not fo fettle and determine the Part or Diftrift, Parts or Diftrifts of the County by which fuch Road or Bridge is to be maintained and kept in repair, the fame fhall be maintained and kept in repair at the Expence of the County at large.

II.	Provided further, and be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves. aggrieved by any fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioners of Supply, It fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Perfon or Perfons, within Three Months after any fuch Determination, to appeal againft the fame to either DiviGon of the Court of Sefllon, and the Dcciiion of fuch DiviGon thereupon fhall be Gnal and conclufive without being fubjeft to any further Review whatever: Provided neverthelefs, that it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Perfon or Perfons, if they think proper to appeal in the flrft Inftance to the Sheriff of the County, whofe Sentence may be brought under the Review of either DiviGon of the Court of Seflion, and the DeciGon of fuch DiviGon thereupon fhall be Gnal and conclufive as aforefaid.

III.	And be it enafted, That the Commiflioners of Supply of every County in which any Road or Bridge fhall have been or fhall be made or built purfuant to the faid recited Aft, fhall and they are hereby empowered and required to order and direft every fuch Road or Bridge to be placed under the Superintendance hereinafter pre-feribed ; and a Report of the State thereof, with an Eftimate of the Expence required for maintaining and keeping thfc fame in Repair for the fuccceding Year, to be laid before them at each aunual Meeting at which they aflemble to aflefs the Land Tax.

IV.	And be it enafted, That at fuch Aunual Meeting fuch Commiflioners of Supply fhall make an Afleflment upon each and every Proprietor, Liferenter or proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the dominium utile thereof in any fuch County, or Part or Diftrift, or

Peru

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D. i8io.

99

50° GEO. III.

43-

Parts or Di finds of fuch County, as the cafe may be, rateably and proportionably, according to the Amount of their refpedive valued Rents, for fuch Sum and Sums of Money as from fuch Reports and Eftimates (hail appear to be neceflary for maintaining and keeping every fuch Road and Bridge in repair : Provided always, that fuch AflefTment (hall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of One Shilling Sterling in the Pound Scots of valued Rent.

V.	jpd be it enaded, that every fuch AflefTment fhall be levied and recovered by the Colledor of the Land Tax of the County within which it (hail have been made, in the fame manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at fuch time or times as fuch Commiflioners of Supply fhall dired; and fuch and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of ever)' fuch AflefTment which are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax : Provided always, that every fuch Colledor fhall find Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Monies to be recovered by him purfuant to this Ad, in the fame manner that fuch Colledor does for his faithful and true accounting and jpaying all Sums of Money received by him as Colledor of the Land

VI.	And be it enaded, That every fuch Colledor fhall, from time to time, pay all Sums of Money received by him purfuant to this Ad into the Hands of fuch Bank or Banking Company as the faid Com-miffioners of Supply fhall as they are hereby required to dired,f upon an Account to be opened for the Purpofes of this AflefTment, at fuch Rate of Interefl as fhall be allowed by fuch Banking Company, which Interefl, fo allowed, fhall be applied with the faid AflefTment for the Purpofes of this Ad; and if any fuch Colledor of the Land Tax fhall at any time keep in his Hands for the Space of more than Fourteen Days a larger Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling of Money received by him purfuant to this Ad, or fhall Fail to render an Account thereof when required, fuch Colledor fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds Sterling, befides the Interefl which might have been received from the faid Banking Company had the faid Money been duly depofited in Terras of this Ad, to be recovered with Expences of Procefs, by way of Summary Complaint at the Inftancc of any Heritor in any fuch County, before any Two or more of His Maiefty’s Juft ices of the Peace of the faid County; One Half of which Sum fhall go to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the Other Half to the Perfon or rerfons fuiug for the fame.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That every fuch Colledor may retain for his own Ufe out of all Monies to be To received as aforefaid, fuch Allowance as fuch Commiflioners of Supply fhall think a reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made to him for levying the Land Tax, and for which Allowance Pxovifion fhall be made in the Amount of each AflefTment difeded to be made purfuant to this Ad.

VIII.	And be it enaded. That it fhall and may be lawful for fuch * Commiflioners of Supply to appoint a Committee confifting of any

Three or more of their Number, to fuperintend the maintaining and keeping in repair any fuch Road or Bridge, or Roads or Bridges, and which Committee of Superintendance fhall be empowered by

Ha	fuch

Collector of Land Tax to levy AflefTment.

f

AflefTment to be paid into a Bank.

ftfe.

Colledor keeping Money iu hand, &c.

Penalty.

Colledor may retain Allowance.

Committee of Superintendance.

A.D.i8io.

loo

c.43.

50° GEO. III.

To rqxnt an-umllv.

Roads and Bridges fur-veycd.

Appcintm Uiiiccrs. cnt of

t umm'idioncrs of Supply ne-feting Repair**

R*m?dv.

Aflcfiment to l*e made for Sum nev^flary.

fuch Commiflioncrs to draw upon the Banking Company with whom the Money arifing from any fuch Affeffment lhall have been lodged as aforefaid, for the Money requifite for maintaining and repairing the Road or Bridge, or the Roads or Bridges, the Su perm tendance of which (hall have been committed to their Charge, to fuch extent, in fuch manner, and fubjeft to fuch Conditions, Rules and Regulations, as fuch Commiflioncrs of Supply (hall, from time to time, think proper to preferibe.

IX.	And be it enafted, That every fuch Committee of Superin. tendance (hall lay a Report of their Proceedings each Year before the annual Meeting of fuch Commiflioners aflembled to affefs the Land Tax.

X.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioner9 of Supply to order any fuch Road or Bridge to be furveyed as often as it (hall appear neceflary, by any Perfon or Perfons appointed for that Purpofe, and to order a Report of the State thereof, with or without an Eftlmate of the Expence required for maintaining and keeping the fame in Repair, to be laid before them at the faid Annual Meeting, and if neceflary, to make a further Afieflmeat, and to give fuch Orders aud Direftions thereupon as the Circumftances of the cafe may require.

XI.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners of Supply at tlie annual Meeting aforefaid to appoint a fit Perfon or Perfons to be Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, and fuch Officers as they (hall think neceflary for the due Execution of this Aft, with fuch Salaries or Allowances as fuch Commiflioners of Supply (hall think fit, for which Provifion (hall be made in the Amount of each Affeffmeut made purfuant to this Aft; and from time to time to remove fuch Officers, or any of them, as they (hall fee oceafton, and to appoint others in cafes of Removal, Refignation or Death.

XII.	And be it enafted, That if any fuch Road or Bridge (hall not be maintained and kept in proper Repair, it (hall be lawful ftor any Heritor poffefling the dominium utile of Lands to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in any fuch County, or any Five or more Heritors in any adjoining County, poffefling each the dominium utile of Lands to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to apply by fummary Petition and •Complaint, {fating the Circumftances, to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of any fuch County, or to the Court of Seflion, which Petition and Complaint lhall be ferved upon the Clerk of Supply and the Convener of luch County, in the manner in which fummary Complaints are ordered to be ferved by Sheriffs io Scotland, or by the Court of Seflion, if the Complaint (hall be prefented to that Court ; and fuch Sheriff or Court (hall thereafter, on advifing the faid Complaint, with or without Anfwers, proceed to afeertain the State of fuch Road or Bridge, and the Amount of the Sum required to repair the fame* and (hall be and the faid Sheriff or Court of Seffion are hereby authorized and empowered to decern againft the Com-miffioners of the faid County, in proportion to their valued Rents, for the Sum which (hall be judged neceflary for repairing the faid Road or Bridge, with Expences of Procefs.

XIII. And be it enafted, That an Affeffment in the manner direfted by this Aft (hail thereupon be made by the Commiflioners

of

Digitized by Google

AD.iSxo,

50° GEO. III.

C* 43> 44*

lot

of Supply upon the County or the Part or Diflrid, Parts or Diftrids thereof, liable to maintain fuch Road or Bridge in repair, as the cafe may be, for the Amount of the Sums fo decerned for, either at their (kid next annual Meeting, or at a Meeting to be called for this fpecial Purpofc, upon Advertisement publiflied in at lead One Ncwf-paper printed or circulated in the County at lead Fourteen Days before fuch fpecial Meeting, and every fuch Afl'effinent fhall be levied and recovered by the Colledor of the Land Tax, and when levied	•*

and recovered (hall be depofited with a Banking Company in the manner m which the aforefaid Affeffment directed by this Ad it ordered to be levied and recovered and depofited ; and all the Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures hereby given and granted for levying recovering and depofiting the aforefaid Affeffment dire&ed by this Ad, are hereby given and granted, and direded to be enforced for the levying recovering and depofiting fuch Affeffment for fuch Sums fo decerned for.

XIV.	And be it enaded, That where any Bridge which (hall have U°'v Brief#** been or may be built purfuant to the faid recited Ad, (hall be

fituated partly in One. County and partly in another, every fuch .a^,^,€3I"din’ Bridge (hall be placed under the Supenntendaoce direded by this Ad of the Committee of each County wherein the fame is fituated, and the fame (hail be maintained and kept in repair in the manner direded by this Ad, at the joint Expence of fuch Counties.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That where, by any Ad Application or Ads already made or hereafter to be made, any Toll Duties fhall loth.

be applicable, or where any Converfions for Statute Labour (hall be allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge made or built purfuant to the faid recited Ad, all Monies arifiug from fuch Tolls and Duties or fuch Convcrlions (hall and may be applied in the manner in which fuch Monies are direded to be applie d by any fuch Ad or Ads refpedively ; and m making any Affeflment purfuant to this Ad, regard (hall be had to all fuch Monies which are or may be applicable to the Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any fuch Affeffment is to be made.

CAP. XLIV.

An Ad to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuntioit to the Officers of Excife in Scotland, under certain Rdtric-tions.	[2d	June	iBio.j

WHEREAS an Ad was paffed in the lad Seflion of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An A3 to provide for a durable Allowance 49G.3.C. 06. ‘ of Superannuation to the Officers of Excife under certain Rejlridions :

* And whereas the Allowance of Superannuation thereby made, was * provided only for the Officers of Excife in England ; hut it is ex-‘ pedient to make a fimilar Provifion for an Allowance of Superamui-* ation to the Officers of Excife in Scotland May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and. with the Advice aud Confirm of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembh d, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the patting of this Ad, it (hull and mny be lawful All man * y to and for the Lords CommuTioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or :r

H 3 '	a»y

Digitized by t^ooQle

102

AJ).i8 io.

And to Officers &x. incapable by Accidents.

Conditions of Allowances.

C. 44,45.	50° GEO. III.

any Three or more of them for the time being, by Warrant under their Hand6 to grant and allow out of the Revenue of Excife of .Scotland, to any Officer or other Perfon who (hall have been employed in the faid Revenue for and during the Space of Ten Years at the lead, and who (hall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Penfion, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the Average annual Amount of the Salary which (hall have been received by fuen Officer or other Perfon during the whole Period of Seven Years preceding the Refignation of fuch Officer or other Perfon.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them (or the time being, to grant and allow, out of the faid Revenue of Excifc, to any fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid, who, by Accident met with in the Execution of hi$ Duty, (hall be rendered totally incapable of performing the fame, not with (landing fuch Officer or other Perfon may not have been employed in the Revenue of Excife the full time before mentioned, a Peufion, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the annual Amount of the yearly Salary adually received by or payable to fuch Officer or other Peifon, at the time when fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall have met with the Accident, by which he (hall have been fo rendered incapable of executing or performing his Duty : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to authorize or empower the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury to grant or allow any Penfion, Annuity or yearly Payment out of the Revenue of Excife to any Officer or other Perfon whatever under the Rank of a Commiffioner of Excife, until it (ball have been certified to the faid Lords Commiffioners under the Hands of the Commiffioners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the time being, that fuch Officer or other Perfon claiming or foliciting any fuch Pcr.fion, Annuity or yearly Payment as aforefaid, on the Ground of Age or Infirmity, is from Age or Infirmity become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duty of fuch his Office or Station, and thatr he has been employed in the Service of the faid Revenue at lead Ten Years, and what yearly Salary fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall have received for and during the preceding Seven Years, and that fuch Officer or other Perfon had, during his Employment, fupported the Charader of having faithfully difeharged the Duties of his Office or Station, or, in cafe of Accident as aforefaid, that fuch Officer or other Perfon has been by fuch Accident rendered totally unable to execute or perform the Duty of fuch his Office or Station; any thing in this Ad to the contrary not with (landing.

CAP. XLV.

An Ad for raifing the Sum ef Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.	[2d	June	1810.]

CAP,

Digitized by Google

AJ).i8io.	50®	GEG. III.	0,46.	ict

CAP. XLVI.

An Acl for encouraging the Confumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland.	[pth	June	1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Confumption of Bounty ton** Malt Liquor in Ireland : Be it therefore eua&cd by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conicnt of the *'	»

Lords Spiritual an<l Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parlia-fnent afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever it {hall be made appear in manner hereinafter mentioned, that any Perfon in Ireland liccnfcd to fell Spiiiruou:. Liquors, AVine, Beer,

Ale and Cyder by Retail, lias fold by Retail within the Quarter of a Year preceding, in or at the Ilouf* or Iloufcs wherein fuch Perfons (hall have been fo licenfed, Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, (bought by him at a Price not lefs than Thirty Shillings for every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons over and above all Allowances and Deductions whatever) in the Proportion of not lefs than One fuch Barrel of Strong (Beer, Ale or Porter, for every Four Gallons of Spirituous Liquors fold therein or therefrom during fuch Quarter of a Year, every fuch Retailer (hall be entitled to and (hall receive in manner hereinafter mentioned, a Bounty after the Rate of Three Shillings and Four pence for every fuch Barrel of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter fo fold by Retail as aforefaid.

II. And be it further enabled, That every licenfed Retailer who Account ficnnl (hall claim any Bounty for the Sale of Brer, Ale or Porter, under 1 y Brewer < > U this Ad, (hail within Seven Days after the refpe&ive Quarters	10

ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and alfo within Seven Days after the refpedive Quarters ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the twenty fourth Day of Juney the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, in each and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, deliver to the Officer keeping an Account of the Stock of fuch Retailer, to be by him delivered •ver to the Colle&or of the Diftridt, an Account figned by each Brewer or other Perfon or Performs refpe&ively from whom fuch Retailer (hall have purchafed any Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, which (hall have been fent into the Stock of fuch Retailer in the Courfe of fuch Quarter; and every fuch Account (hall fpecify the Quantity and Price over and above all Allowances and Deductions of all fuch Beer, Ale or Porter, and the fevcral Kinds thereof fold and delivered by any and every fuch Brewer or other Perfon to fuch Retailer, and the Date when every Barrel or other Veflel containing the fame was fo delivered ; and every fuch Retailer (hall at the fame time deliver to fuch Officer an Account Hating the Quantity of fuch Beer, Ale or Porter, and of Spirituous Liquors fold by Retail by fuch Retailor within fuch Quarter, and the Stock thereof remaining unfold on the laft Day of fuch Quarter, the Truth of all or any of which feveral Accounts (hall, if required by the Collector of Excife, be verified by the Affidavit or Examination upon Oath of fuch Brewers or Oaili.

Sellers of Beer and by fuch Retailers refpe&ively, which Oatli every fuch ColleCIor is hereby authorized to adminifler.

III.	And be it further enaChed, That it {hall be lawful for the QUHntlrv A-Officer of Excife keeping an Account of the Stock of Spirituous spmt* V 1.1 l ow

H	Liquors*	4*:vii«riwd-

Digitized by Google

i©4

C.4&

So° GEO. IIL

A.D.i8i#.

Liquors, Beer, Ale and Porter contained in any Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop or other Place of any fuch Retailer, to examine, as often as he (hall deem it neceffary, the Stock of Strong Beer, Afe or Porter, «|d the Stock of Spirits belonging to fuch Retailer, and the Increafe and Decreafe, and the Quantities thereof; and fuch Officer (hall, at the time when he (hall deliver to the Colle&or the Accounts received by 0.	him as aforefaid from any Retailer, deliver alfo to fuch Collector aa

Account of all Spirits which he (hall have entered as received by fuch Retailer during the Quarter, with the Stock remaining on Hand ; and the Decreafe which (hall appear in fuch Spirits during the Quarter, upon deducing the Quantity in Stock at the End of fuch Quarter from the total Amount of the Stock at the Commencement thereof, and of Spirits received during the Quarter, (hall be con* fidered to be the Quantity of Spirits fold by Retail during fuch Quarter, and the Colle&or (hall proceed without any unneceflary Delay, after afeertaining the Quantities of Spirits fold, to determine the Proportion which the Strong Beer, Ale or Porter bears to the Spirits fold within fuch Quarter; and if on fuch Determination it (hall appear that the Quantity of Spirits fold in any fuch Quarter (hall exceed the Proportion of Four Gallons of Spirits td every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, or if the Stock of Spirits included in fuch Account, (hall not appear to have been or to be fully and fairly prote&ed by legal Permit or Retailer refuting Certificate, or if any fuch Retailer (hall refufe to be examined upon to be examined. Oath by fuch Colle&or in manner herein enadted, fuch Retailer (hall not be entitled to receive the Bounty aforefaid; but if it (hall appear that the Quantity of Spirits fo lold (hall not exceed fuch Proportions aforefaid, and the whole of fuch Spirits (hall be fo pro-Certificate. te&ed, fuch Colledlor (hall give to fuch Retailer a Certificate uuder his Hand of the Amount of the Spirituous Liquors, Strong Beer, Ale aod Porter fo fold by Retail by fuch Retailer within the Quarter preceding, ending on the Days refpedlively before mentioned, and of

Aetnmit nf Hminf v navaKIp	R	afp	nf	Thrp<»	(hilltncrs and

Bounty.

In what cafe Collector may refute Certificate.

the Atiount of Bounty payable after the Rate of Three (hillings and Four peace per Barrel to fuch Retailer by virtue of this A & ; and upon the Produdtion of fuch Certificate to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required, in cafe they (hall be fatislied of the Truth of fuch Certificate, forthwith to pay or caufe to be paid, out of any Revenues under their Management, fuch Bounty to fuch Retailer or to any Perfon whom fuch Retailer (hall by Indorfement on fuch Certificate authorize to receive the fame.

IV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if the Colle&or (hall fee caufe to fufpedl that more Spirits have been fold by Retail by any fuch Retailer than (hall appear by fuch Accounts, or that fuch Retailer has included in his Accounts any Beer not fold by him by Retail, or fold by him otherwife than by Retail, it (hall be lawful f r fuch Cclltdlor to make fuch Enquiries as to the fame, as fuch Colle&or (hall think fit and proper, and to fatisfy himfelf of the Truth of fuch Enquiries by the Oath of fuch Retailer, or by the Oath or Oaths of any other Perfon or Perfons ; and if fuch Col-lcdlor (hall be (atisfied that Spirits have been fold by fuch Retailer jn a greater Proportion than Four Gallons of Spirits for every Barrel of Beer, or that any Beer included in the Account of fuch Retailer was not fold by him by Retail, or was fold by him otherwife tba?

4	t>y

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSro.

50° GEO. III.

C. 46,	xoj

by Retail, it (hall be lawful for fuch Colleftor and he is hereby required to refufe to grant any Certificate to fuch Retailer, and fuch Rafter (hall not be entitled to any Bounty under this Ad.

^H\od be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful Commiflionew for the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three Xtions of them, from time to time to make fuch further and other Rules,

Orders and Regulations with refped to the Payment of the Bounties Bounty.

(hall think fitting and expedient: Provided always, that fuch Rules,

Orders and Regulations (hall be approved of by the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time beiug;

2nd all fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, when lb made and approved, (hall be obeyed and complied with by all Perfons claiming fuch Bounties, and that no fuch Bounties (hall be paid to any Perfou or Perfons neglefting or refufing to comply with fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, when fo made and approved in manner aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon licenfed to Brewers to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer for Sale, in Ireland, deliver Quarerty /hall, within Twenty one Days after the Quarter ending on the	,of

Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, °	* 1Q1W

and in like manner within Twenty one Days next after the Quarter ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and . eleven, and within Twenty one Days after the like Quarter Days in each and every Year after the palling of this Aft, make out and deliver at the Excife Office of the Diftrift within which fuch Brewer (hall be liceiifed, a full and true Account in fuch Form as Ihail be direfted by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, iu Ire-Lady dating the total Quantity of Strong Beer, Ale, Porter %nd Small Beer refpeftively (old within the Quarter preceding ending on each of the Days aforefaid by fuch Brewer, and delivered or con-figned to each and every Perfon whatfoever in Irelandy or for Exportation, Jto whom fuch Brewer or other Perfon (hall have fold ftrong Beer, Ale, Porter or Small Beer within fuch Quarter, diftinguiffiing the Names, Places of Refidence, Trade and Profeffion of every Per-fun to whom fuch Beer lhall have been fo fold and delivered or configned, the Price of all fuch Beer, Ale and Porter refpeftively* which (hall have been fold to Retailers; and if fuch Perfons to whom fuch Beer (hall be fo fold lhall live in any City or Town in Ire-Lad, the Street, Square, Lane or Place in which fuch Perfon lhall refide, and fuch Brewer, or fome Clerk or Manager of fu«h Brewer to be appointed by him for that Purpofe, (hall make Oath or Affir-- Oith. mstion (in cale of a known Quaker) to the Truth of every fuch Account, before the Colleftor ol Excife of the faid Diftrift, if thereunto required by fuch Colleftor; and if any fuch Accounts (hail not be delivered within the faid Space of Twenty oneDay3 after the Time of Delivery. End of any Quarter ending on the Days before mentioned, or (hall not be fwom or affirmed to, if required, the Brewer by whom or on whole Behalf, fuch Account ought to have been delivered or fworn, m affirmed to as aforefaid, (hall foifeit the Sum of fifty Pounds: Penalty. Provided always, that whenever any fuch Brewer (hall appoint any.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

io6

C.	46, 47.

50° GEO. III.

Clerk or Manager to make any fuch Oath or Affirmation, fuch Appointment (hall be in Writing and figned by fuch Brewer, and delivered to the Collector of Excife of the Diftrift, and no Cle^or Manager of fuch Brewer not fo appointed (hall be admitted to Wake any fuch Oath or Affirmation 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Feijury.	VII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall in any

Affidavit or Affirmation required to be made by this Aft fwear or affirm falfely, every fuch Perfon (hall be fubjeft to the Pains and Penalties of Perjury according to the Laws in force in Ireland, and (hall alfo forfeit all fuch Bounty and Bounties, and Sum and Sums of Money, as fuch Perfon or Perfons would have been entitled unto in confequence of any fuch Affidavit or Affirmation, in cafe the Came had been true.

CAP. XLVII.

An Aft: to extend and amend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Relief and Maintenance of Infolvcnt Debtors, detained in Prifon in Ireland.	[9th June 1810.]

37 G-3-	4	TT7HEREAS by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in

(I.) c. 36. § 1. « yy tjie thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, 4 intituled. An AS for the Relief and Maintenance of Infolvent 4 Debtors detained in Prifon, it is, amongft other things, enafted, * That a Prifoner arrefted on Mefne Procefs, in order to obtain the 4 Benefit of faid Aft, mud, before the End of the firft Term which 4 (hall be next after any fuch Prifoner (hall be committed under 4 Mefne Procefs, exhibit his Petition for Relief: And whereas it is 4 reasonable that every detaining Creditor or Creditors* Debts or 4 Demands (hould be afeertained by Verdift or Judgment before a 4 Pfhoner (hall be obliged to give up his Property under the Pro-4 vilions of faid Aft: And whereas Plaintiffs are not obliged by 4 the Law or the Praftice of the Courts in Ireland, either to file 4 Declarations againft Perfons in Prifon there on Mefne Procefs at 4 their Suit, or to proceed to Trial or Judgment at any determinate 4 time, unlefs compelled by fuch Prifoners to declare or go to Trial at 4 confiderable Expences to fuch Prifoners ; by reafon whereof and of 4 their Inability to defray the fame, many Prifoners have remained 4 forfeveral Years confined under Mefne Procefs only: And whereas 4 Prifoners confined for Debt in Ireland are obliged to defend by 4 Attorney, when Prifoners confined for Debt in England may 4 defend in Perfon : And whereas there are no Liberties or Day 4 Rules allowed to Prifoners confined for Debt in the Four Courts 4 Marffialfea Prifon in Dublin, fimilar to thofe enjoyed by Prifoners 4 confined for Debt in the King’s Bench and Fleet Prifons in 4 England And whereas it is expedient to extend and affimilate the 32 C. Q.c. 28. Aft to the Aft commonly called the Lords Ad, in England, as alfo the Law, Praftice and Liberties, in regard to Prifoners cou-fined for Debt in Ireland, with the Law, Praftice and Liberties, ‘in refpeft to Perfons confined for Debt in England, in the Matters aforelaid, which if adopted may in a great Meafure fuperfede the Neceffity of frequent Infolvent Afts for Ireland: Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the

Advice

A.D-i8io.

107

5o' GEO. III.	C.47.

Advice and Content of the Lords' Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by th* Aottprity of the fame, That fo much of the faid Ad for Relief and maintenance of Insolvent Debtors, as limits Prifoners confined on Mefne Procefs to exhibit their Petition for Relief before the End of the firft Term which (hall be next after any fuch Prifoner ihall be committed under Mefne Procefs, (ball be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the pafiing of this Ad, in all cafes where a Debtor is or (lull be a: relied, detained or charged m Cuftody by Mefne Procefs iifumg out of the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Ireland% and the Plaintiff (hall negled to caufe a Declaration againll fuch Debtor to be delivered to fuch Debtor or to the Marlhal of the Fo.ir Courts Marfbalfea, or his Deputy, or to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or Prifon where fuch Debtor is or (hall be detained or charged in Cuftody, within Eight Days of the next Term after the Return of the Procefs by virtue whereof fuch Debtor is or Ihall be taken, detained or charged in Cuftody, or within Twenty one Days after the palling of this Ad, fuch Debtor (hall be difeharged out of Cuftody by Order of the faid Court, or a Judge of the laid Court out of which faid Procefs iffued; and in cafe of a Commitment or Surrender to' the Marfhal in difeharge of Bail after the Return of the Procefs and before a Declaration to be delivered as aforefaid, urJefs a Declaration be delivered to fuch Debtor within the firft Eight Days of the Term next after fuch Commitment or Surrender (hall be made, fuch Debtor fhall be difeharged out of Cuftody in manner aforefaid.

III.	And be it enaded, That in all cafes where a Declaration (hall be filed againft fuch Debtor in manner aforefaid, fuch Debtor (hall be difeharged out of Cuftody by Order of the Court out of which fuch Procefs iffued, or by Order of a Judge of the faid Court, unlefs the Plaintiff (hall proceed to Trial or Judgment before the End of the firft Eight Days of the Third Term after fuch Declaration (hall be delivered, the Term in which fuch Declaration fhall be delivered to be counted as one ; but in cafe the Venue (hall be laid in the County of the City of Dublin, or the County of Dublin, that then, and in that cafe, the Plaintiff (hall proceed to Trial or Judgment within the Term next after the Delivery of fuch Declaration or in the Sittings after fuch Term : othenvile that fuch Prifoner (hall be difeharged in manner aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena<Pied, That in all Cafes where the Plaintiff has obtained a Verdid or Judgment ngainft any Prifoner, Inch Plaintiff fhall charge fuch Prifoner in Execution within the Firft Eight Days of the next Term after the obtaining fuch Verdid. or Judgment ; and in cafe of Failure in fo doing fuch Prifoner fhall be difeharged in maimer aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Priloner charged in Execution may, hefore the End of the firft Term which Ihall he next after fuch Prifoner (hall be charged in Execution, exhibit a Petition to any Court of Law, from which fuch Procefs iffued, or by the Authority of which fuch Prifoner may have been removed by Habeas Corpus into the Cuftody of the Marflial of the Four Courts M<?r(balfea, for the Benefit of the faid Maintenance Ad; any thing in

V O. 3- (L) c. ;i6. ^ 1 • re-jiealed.

Within what lime Declara-1 ions to he delivered;

and Trial had.

Guurging Pri-foners in Execution.

Application for Maintenance.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

xo8

Debts not to exceed 5001.

When Prifoner* mxy petition for Difclutrge.

Qhje£\ions to Difcharge how made.

Weekly AJRo^-aw e to Prifoners Cm icafed.

Cofifjne:nefit of Vrii'oners recci\-

ing Weekly Allot* ance.

C.47.	50*	GEO.	IIL

the faid A d to the contrary not with danding: Provided the Amount of his or her Debts for which he or (he (hall be detained in Cuftody (hall not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VL And be it further enaded, That every Prifoner who (hall be charged in Execution in any Prifon or Gaol in Ireland\ for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and who (hall be willing to fatisfv their refpedive Creditors as in and by the faid Ad is direded, may, before the End of the Term which (hall be next after any fuch Prifoner (hall be charged in Execution, or within Twenty Days after the pafling of this Ad, exhibit his or her Petition to the Court out of which fuch Procefs iffued, or by the Authority of which fuch Prifoner may have been removed by Habeas Corpus, into the Cuflody of the Marfhal of the Four Courts Marfhalfea, or rendered in dif-charge of his or her Bail for the Benefit of the faid Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Truth of each of the Objedions againft the obtaining the Benefit of this Ad, (hall be proved by the Teftimony upon Oath of One or more credible Wituefs or Witneffes, befides the Teftimony upon Oath of the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Obiedions, or other legal Proof or Evidence admiflible in a Court of Law ; and that no Perfon, except a detaining Creditor, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as have commenced their Adion or Adions againft a Prifoner previous to the making fuch Objedions, (hall be permitted to oppofe the Difcharge of any Prifoner feeking Relief under this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the pafling of this Ad, if any Prifoner (hall be remanded at the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall pay fuch Prifoner the Weekly Sum of Three Shillings and Ten pence for his or her Maintenance, inftead of the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence allowed by the faid Ad, and under the fame Terms, Conditions and Cl^ufcs, as are in and by the faid Ad direded, in regard to the Payment of Two Shillings and Four pence a Week therein mentioned; and alfo that the faid Sura of Three Shillings and Ten pence (hall be paid to every fuch Prifoner, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock on the Monday of each Week, or iu failure thereof the Marflial of the Four Courts Marffialfea, and any One Alderman or other Juftice of the Peace for the City of Dublin, oo Affidavit of the Deputy Marfhal or Henchman belonging to faid Marfhalfea, which Oath every fuch Alderman or Juftice is hereby empowered and required to adminifter, of the Negled or Failure of the Payment of the faid Weekly Sum, (hall and is hereby required to difcharge the faid Prifoner; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That no Creditor caufing a Prifoner to be remanded on merely an Undertaking to pay the faid Weekly Sum, (hall have Power to detain the faid Prifoner in Confinement longer than Three Terms, but that the faid Prifoner may, on the laft Day of the faid Term that fuch Maintenance (hall have been paid to him or her, produce to the Court from whence he or (he (hall have been committed, a Certificate of his or her having been detained by the Payment of the faid Weekly Sum, figiu-d (ana verified on Oath if required) by the Marflial or his Deputy, and be difeharged by the Court from fame.

« X. And

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

50° GEO. III.

C. 47.

109

1 X. And whereas Prifoners are often remanded at the Inftance Allowance t*>

*	of Attomies employed againft them, alledging that the Plaintiffs

4 lire in a remote Part of the Kingdom, and that they had not Sicmtionof At-4 time to communicate with faid Plaintiffs ;* Be it therefore enafted, torn*®.

That in all fuch cafes where the Court (hall think fit to remand the Prfoaer, the faid Attorney (hall depofit with the Marfhal a Sum of Money fufEcient to pay the Prifoner One Shilling per Day for his or her Maintenance, until he or {he (hall be again brought up to receive the Judgment or Decifion of the faid Court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enafted, that nothing in this Aft Attomies Le.

(ball be conftrued to extend to the Releafe or Difcharge of any embezzling. Attormes or Servants embezzling Money, except where any fuen Perfon (hall have been confined in Prifon Ten Years.

* XII. And whereas many Perfons are often committed by the Prifoners for 4 Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts, for not paying Money Contempt.

*	ordered or awarded to be paid, and alto for not paying of Cofts ‘ duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after 4 proper Demands made for that Puipofe, and alfo upon the Writ 4 of Excommunicato Capiendo or other Procefs for or grounded on the

*	Non-payment of Money, Cofts or Expences, in fome Caufe or

*	Proceeding in fome Ecclefiaftical Court, or for Contempt to fuch 4 Court relating thereto it is hereby declared and enafted, That all fuch Perfons are and ihall be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft,

in like manner as herein is exprefied and declared with refpeft to •

Prifoners for Debt only.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Prifoner confined for Debt in Ireland, may plead and defend in his proper Perfon without Attorney.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That where any Debtor fhall Prifoners not have neglefted to take the Benefit of the faid Aft within the time !?vinj? lafken . limited by the faid Aft, and fhall make it appear to the Cotnt out of lt° rec,U which fuch Execution iflued, that fuch Negleft arofe from Ignorance

or Miftake, fuch Debtor fhall be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, as if he or (hr had petitioned for the Benefit of the faid Aft within the time by the faid Aft limited; any thing in the faid Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Gaolers t»

Prifons in Ireland fhall and they are hereby direfted and required to	l*rifoners

give notice of this Aft to all Prifoners in their Cuftbdy for Debt, 0

within Three Days after fuch Prifoners fhall have been refpeftively

committed or charged in Execution ; and if any Gaoler or Keeper

of a Prifon in Ireland fhall negleft to give fuch Notice, he fhall

forfeit and pay to any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame, the Sum of

Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by him or her by Aftion of Debt in Penalty.

any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Ireland; and in every fuch

Aftion the Proof fhall lie on the Perfon againft whom the fame fhall

he brought 5 Provided neverthelefs that fuch Aftion fhall be brought Limitation wf

within Twelve Calendar Months after the Caufe of Aftion incurred. Action.

Prifoners may defend in Perfon.

C A P.

Digitized by v^ooQle

no

A.D.1810.

18 G. 3. c. $7. 30 G. 3. c. 36.

46 G. 3. c. 136.

repealed.

Number of Out fuie I'aficngcrc, &c.

ProvLfo.

Long Coaches.

c.48.	50° GEO. III.

C A P. XLVIII.

An A& to repeal Three AGs, made in the Twenty eighth1* Thirtieth and Forty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried on the Outfide of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enaft other Regulations for carrying the Obje&s of the faid ACts into EffeG.	[9th June 1810.]

*	TT7HEREAS an Ad was palled in the Twenty eighth Yearof 1 XX the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for ‘ limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried on the Outfide of Stage

*	Coaches or other Carriages : And whereas another Ad was palled c in the Thirtieth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS to

*	alter, explain and amend an Ad, made in the Twenty eighth Tear of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majejly, intituled, An A3 for limiting the 1 Number of Perfons to be carried on the outfide of Stage Coaches or

*	other Carriages, and for regulating the Condud of the Drivers and ‘ Guards thereof: And whereas another Ad was paffed in the Forty

*	fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad 1 to alter and amend two A3s made in the Twenty eighth and Thirtieth 1 Tears of His prefent Majejly, for limiting the Number of Perfons to ‘ be carried on the outfide of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and

*	regulating the Condud of the Drivers thereof; And whereas the

*	Regulations and Penalties eftabiifhed and impofed by the faid

*	recited Ads have proved inefficient to anfwer the ufeful and im-€ portant Purpofes thereby intended ; and it is expedient to repeal

*	the fame, and to enad other ProviGons and Regulations for carrying

*	theObjcds of the faid Ads intoEfFed:* May it therefore pieafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, aud by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the faid feveral Ads lhall be and the fume are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calafh, Chaife Marine, or other Carriage with Four or more Wheels, by what Name foever the fame is or lhall hereafter be called or known, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpofe of conveying PalTengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, and drawn by Four or more Horfes, lhall be allowed to carry' Ten Outfide PalTengers and no more, exclufive of the Coachman, but including the Guard, where there is a Guard with fuch Coach or other Carriage ; and that One Paflenger and no more (hall be allowed to fit upon the Boxl with the Coachman, and Three of -fuch PalTengers on the Front of the Roof, and the remaining Six behind, in the manner the moft fafe and convenient for the faid PalTengers: Provided always, that no fuch Paflenger or PalTengers lhall be allowed to fit on the Luggage, or that Part of the Roof allotted for the fame ; and that all Stage Coaches or other Carriages above deferibed, drawn by Two or Three Horfes, lhall be allowed Five Outfide PalTengers and no more, exclufive of the Coachman; and that all Stage Coaches called Long Coaches or Double-bodied

5	Coaches,	j

Digitized by Google	I

AJD.i8ro.

in

50° GEO. III.	C.	48.

Coaches, (hall be permitted to carry Eight Outfide PafTengers and no more, exclufive of the Coachman, but including the Guard,' where there is a Guard with fuch Coach, under fuch Fines or Penalties as are by this Aft impofed, in Cafes where more Outfide PafTengers are carried than are allowed by this Ad ; fuch Fines and Penalties to be impofed and levied upon the Owner or Proprietor, or the Owners or Proprietors of any fuch Coach or other Carriage above defcribed, or any One or more of them, or any Perfon driving the fame, in the manner after mentioned : Provided always, that no Child in the Lap, or under Seven Years of Age, (hall be included in or counted as One of fuch Number, unlefs there fhall be more than One; and if more than One, that Two of fuch Children fhall be accounted equal to One grown Perfon, and fo on in the fame Proportion; and that no Perfon paying as an Outfide PafTenger fhall be permitted to fit or remain as an Infide PafTenger, unlefs with the Confent of One of the Infide PafTengers at the leaft conveyed by fuch Coach or other Carriage, and next to whom fuch Outfide PafTenger ihall be placed: and provided alfo, that where fuch Coach or other Carriage is of a Conftruftion peculiarly wide or commodious, and being fo found fhall be duly licenfed for that Purpofe, Four Outfide PafTengers in (lead of Three fhall be allowed to fit on the Front of fuch Coach or other Carriage : Provided always, that the Number of Outfide PafTengers fhall not exceed Ten in all.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of March One thoufaud eight hundred and eleven, it fhall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any Coach or other Carriage above defcribed, going or travelling for Hire, to permit or fuffer in any manner or way any Luggage to be carried on the Roof of any fuch Coach or other Carriage, or any Perfon to ride or go as an Outfide PafTenger cn or about the Outfide of any fuch Coach or other Carriage, the Top of which fhall be more than Eight Feet Nine Inches from the Ground, or the Bearing of which on the Ground fhall be lefs than Four Feet Six Inches from the Centre of the Track of the Right or Off Wheel, to the Centre of the Track of the Left or Near Wheel, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as any Penalty 10» more Outfide Paffeugers than are allowed by this Aft can be recovered and applied.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the pafllng of this Aft, it fhall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any fuch Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above defcribed, going or travelling for Hire, to carry or permit or fuffer any Parcel or Parcels, or Luggage whatever, exceeding Two Feet in Height, to be conveyed on the Roof of any fuch Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above defcribed, drawn by Four or iriore Horfes ; and where Carriages are drawn by Two or Three Horfes,* then fuch Luggage not to exceed Eighteen Inches above the Roof; and every fuch Driver fo offending, and any Owner or Proprietor of any fuch Coach or other Carriage, where fuch Driver is sot known or ^annot be found, being convifted of fuch Offence, either by his or her own Confeflion, the View of a Juft ice of the Peace or other Magiftrate, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any Juftice of the Peace or •ther Magiftrate afting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town,

Divifioa

Penalties.

Children*

Outfide Taflen-gers fitting iutide*

Front.

Height and Bearing of Coach.

Penalty.

Luggage exceeding a certain Height.

tlfc

C« 48*

50* GEO. ML

A.D.i8io«

Penalty.

Penalty.

Divifion or Place where any Offence (hall be committed, (which Oath every fuch Juftice or other Magiftrate is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Inch above the Space of Two Feet or of Eighteen Inches refpe&ively above allowed ; and in cafe the Driver fo offending (hall be the Owner of fuch Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above defcribed, he (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for evfcry Inch above the Spaces refpedtively above allowed ; and in default of Payment of the faid Penalties refpe&ively, the Perfon and Perfons fo offending (hall be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where fuch Offence (hall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Two Months Piflfencm fitting unlefs fuch Penalties (hall be fooner paid : Provided always, that all

oa Packages. Ftnalty.

Place for Luggage fepamte.

Mea Curing Luggage.

Penalty.

Hn.rlx of Luggage JHOl.itf-tioua!.

Number of Paf-fengers permitted fpecificd in lliccuce;

Packages hereinbefore defcribed, (hall be fo placed on the Roof of fuch Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above defcribed, as that no Paffenger or Paflengers (hall fit thereon, under the Penalty of Fifty Shiuings for each Offence ; to be paid by fuch Paffenger or Paffengers refpedtively, and to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other Penalties impofed by this A61, and that the Divifion or Space on the Top of the Coach or other Carriage aforefaid allotted for Luggage, (hall be diftindtiy feparated from the other Part of the Top of fuch Coach or other Carriage, by fome Railing or otherwife 5 and in cafe any fuch Driver or Owner or Part Owner, when required fo to do, (hall refufe to permit the (aid Carriage and Luggage to be meafured by any Juftice of the Peace, Magiftrate, Conftable, Surveyor of any Highway or Turnpike Road, Infpedfcor of Coaches duly authorized by the Com mi (boners of Stamps or Paffenger, he (hall forfeit the like Penalty, to be recovered and applied in the manner hereinafter fpecifiad.

V.	And whereas it is expedient to lower the prefent Height of Stage Coaches, in which cafe a greater Height of Luggage than Two Feet might be fafely permitted to be carried on the Outfide thereof; Be it therefore enabled, That it (hall be lawful* to carry any Luggage, Parcel or other Package in manner hereinbefore provided for, on the Roof of any Coach or other Carriage above defcribed of a greater Height titan Two Feet ; Provided fuch Luggage, Parcel or other Package be not a greater Height from the Ground, including the Height of fuch Coach, than Ten Feet Nine Inches.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That in every Licence to betaken out by any Perfon who (hall keep any Carriage, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or other Carnage above defcribed, for the rurpofe of conveying Paffengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, (hall be fpecified the Number of Outlide Paffengers to be carried on or about the Outfide of fuch Coach or Other Carriage above defcribed, as well as the Number of Iniide Paffengers to be carried therein as now by Law due&ed 5 and that no fuch Licence (hall in future be granted for more than the Number of Infide and Outfide Paffengers in all allowed by Law, and that foch Licence (hall contain the Name or Names and the Places of Abode of every Individual to whom fuch Coach or other Carriage (hall belong, a Copy of which Licence (hall be acceflible at the Board or Office where fuch Licence is iffued, to any Perfon or Perfons applying either for a Copy of or for tfic Perufal of the fome.

VII. And

Digitized by Google

AJ).i8io.

5*

0 GEO. in.

C. 48-

1 r3

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and' every Perfon or to he palmed

Perfons who (hall be dfl^liceofed to keep any Coach or other Car-	ot

riage above defiribed, f^^he Purpofe or conveying Paffengers for KA*K l*

Hire to and from different’ Places in Great Britain, (Mail Coaches

always excepted) (hall, and he, (he or they is and are refpe&ively direded and required to paint or canfe to be painted within Six Months from the paffing of this Ad, on the Outfide of each Door of each fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, or on fome other confpicuous Part thereof, in legible Characters of at lead One loch in length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the fame is painted, and in Words at Length, the Number of outfide Paffengers which the Licence obtained for fuch Carriages re-fpedively (hall fpecify or exprefs, (as well as and in like manner as the Number of Infide Paffengers as now by Law directed), together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons or the Company of Proprietors or Firm to whom fuch Coach or other Carriage (hall belong: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for any Board of Commiffioners Commiffioners by whom fuch Licence (hall be granted, to require	°"!cr a

inftead of fuch Inscription that a Plate made of Brafs or other Metal	- ~te °,H

dull be fixed on the Side of each Coach or other Carriage above ^ t°hc *** * deferibed, with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons or the Owner** Name, Company of Proprietors or Firm, and a diftin& Number for each, &c. to the end that the Owner or Owners and Driver of fuch Coach or Carriage (hall be known 5 and if any Perfon, Company of Proprietors	,

or Firm, (hall be licenfed to keep more than One Coach, every One :of them (hall have feveral Numbers or other Marks of Diftin&ion in the fame manner as if they did belong to feveral Perfons; and if Defacing, 8cc. any Perfon (hall blot out, obliterate, alter or deface the Number,

Figure or Mark of Diftin&ion appointed by the faid Commiffioners, he (hall forfeit Five Pounds for every fuch Offence ; and if any Per- Ufmg Carriage fon or Perfons (hall employ or make ufeof any fuch Carriage as afore- without Licence, (aid, for carrying any Outfide Paffengers for Hire to ana from dif- &c. ferent Places in Great Britain, without being licenfed fo to do, or without haring the faid Words and Number and Name or Names painted on the Outfide of each Door of fuch Carriage, or in fuch other confpicuous Part thereof, and in fuch manner as is hereinbefore dire&ed, or (hall at any time carry more Outfide Paffengers than (hall be fpecified or expreffed in the Licence for ufing fuch Coach or other Carriage, and by the Words fo painted on the Outfide of fuch Doors or other confpicuous Part of fuch Carriage or the numbered Plate, every Perfon fo offending (hall qr each and every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Outfide Fendty. , Paffenger beyond the Number hereby allowed, and Double that Sum if the Driver or Coachman be alfo Owner or Part Owner, to be recovered and applied in the fame mantier as any other Penalty im-pofed by this Aft can be recovered and applied ; and every fuch In- gviJcnce feription or Plate, as the cafe may be, to beconfidered fufficient Evi- v dence of the Parties to whom fuch Coach or other Defuription of Carriage above enumerated doth belong, being Owner or Proprietor thereof.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe the Driver of Owners liable any fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, going or travel-

ling for Hire, and conveying a greater Number of Perfons* in any io^u^ * manner or way in the Iniide, or on or about the Outfide of any fuch 50 Geo. III.	I	Coach

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.i8ia»

Ownew relieved kom Penalties.

Driver net paying.

Imprifonncot.

Sunmoaftr

V.Ttat good {Service.

Drivers leaving their 1 lories, 8a*.

G. 48.	50* GEO. II!.

Coach or other.Carnage above deferibed thajl are allowed by this Aft, or permitting more than One Pafleoger ttftit upon the Boa, (whfch Box (hall be fo conftrufted as not eonvMently to hold more than One PafTenggr beiides the Coachman) (hall not be known, or being known cannot be found, then, and in every fuch cafe, the Owner or Owoers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or any of them, of any fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, (hall be liable to ml fuch Fines and Penalties 4s if fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors had been the Driver only of any fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, at the time that fuch Offence wai committed : Provided always, that if any fuch Owner or Proprietor fhaH •make out to the Satisfaftion of the Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned before whom any fuch Information fhall be laid, by fufficieut Evidence not refting on his own Teftimony, that the Offence was committed by the Driver of the Coach or other Carriage without his Privity or Knowledge, and that no Profit, Advantage or Benefit, either direftly or indireftly, has accrued or oould or would have accrued to fuch Owner or Proprietor therefrom, but that fuch Offence was committed again ft this Aft by fuch Driver in violation of his Duty to the Owner or Proprietor, as well as aaaiuft the Provifions of this Aft, fuch Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned fhall difeharge the Owner or Proprietor from fuch Penalty and Expence and levy the fame upon the Driver *mly, when found; and fuch Driver, unlefs he pays the Penalty for which he is liable in confequence of fuch Offence, fhall bt committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion of the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where fuch Offence fhall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize^ for any time not exceeding Six Months nor lefs than Throe Months, at tne Difcretion of the Jullice or other Magiftrate above, mentioned, by or before whom any fuch Offender fhall be convifted.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That any Summons iffued by any Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned, command -ing any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, or any Perfon or Perfons or Company of Proprietors or Firm of any Company to whom fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed fhall belong, to appear before him at fuch Time or Place as to fuch Juftice or other Magiftrate above mentioned fhall fcem meet, for any Offence committed againft this Aft, or a Copy thereof, fhall be deemed to be well and fufficiently ferved, in cafe either the Original or a Copy of fuch Summons be left with the known or afting Book-keeper for fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, in any Town or Place into or through which any Driver offending as aforefaid fhall drive fuch Coach or other Car-riage.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the Driver of any fuch Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above deferibed, going or travelling for Hire, flopping at any Place or Places where Affifiance can be procured, fhall not quit his Horfes or the Box of fuch Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, until a proper Perfon or Perfons fliall be employed to hold the Horfes or Fore Horfes, whilft fuch Carriage flops, fo as to prevent them from running away, and fhall have aftual Hold of fuch Horfes, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall hold the fame until the Driver has returned to his Box, or until the Poll-

boy

Digitized by Google

AJ)»i8io<

50® GEO- III.

C. 4^*

fey who rides one of the Horfes is again mounted, and has in his rands the Reins for guiding the faid Horfes, and if fuch Driver or fnch Perfon or Petfons (hall negle& fo to do, he or they being duly cosvkfed thereof by his or their Confeffion, the View of a JulUce or other Magiftrate above mentioned, or by the Oath of One or more aedibJe Witnefe or Witnefies taken before any Juftice or other Magi-ftme above mentioned, (had be fobje& to and forfeit and Day a Pen* aky of not lefe than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds for ach Offence : Provided neverthekfs, that nqthfng ia this Se&ion or Clanfe contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to Hackney Coaches being drawn by Two Horfes only.

XI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed, That irf cafe the Driver of any fuch Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, or the Perfon a&ing as Guard, (hall, by Intoxication or by Negligence or other Mifcondudl (unavoidable Accidents always excepted), endanger the Safety of the PafTengers in their Lives, their Limbs or their Property, or (hall not give due Care or Protection to any other Property with which fuch Driver or Guard or either of them may be entrufted; or if any Driver of ay Mail Coach, or any Guard, (hall loiter on the Road or wil-finly mifpend or k>fe Time fo as to retard the Arrival of His Majefty's Malt at the next Stage 5 or if the Driver of any Mail Coach (hall not, ia all poflible cafes, convey fuch Mails at the Speed of fuch a Number of Miles an Hour as are fixed by the Poftmafter General for the Conveyance thereof, unlefs the Circumftanccs of the Weather or the Badneu of the Roads, or the Occurrence of any Accident to the Couch or Horfes, (hall prevent the fame ; or if any Driver or Guard of any bach Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage, (hall not duly account to his or their Employers or Perlbns authorized by them to account with fuch Driver or Guard for all Monies received by him, them or either of them, in refpett of any PafTenger or Parcel oonveyed or taken by fuch Coach nr other Carriage above deferibed, the* and in every fuch cafe the Driver or Guard (as the cafe may be) (b offending, and being convi&ed thereof by his own Confefiion, the View of a Joffice (in any cafe applicable thereto), or the Oath or Owks of One4 or move credible Witnefe or WitnefTes, before any Joffice or other Magiftrate above mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay a Sam not lefs than Five Pounds, nor more than Ten Pounds for even' fech Offence, and (hall return the Sum or Sums of Money fo embez-*W; and in cafe of Non-payment every fuch juftice or other Magiftrate above mentioned are hereby authorized to commit fuch Offender fee the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&km For the County, Riding, City, Town* Division or Place wherre fuch Offence (haii few been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months nor lefs than Three Months, at the Dtfcreciou of the Juftice or other Magiftcate above mentioned, by er before whom any fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed.

XU. And bek further ena&ed, That in cafe the Driver or Guard of any fech Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, (hall ufe abufive or imuking Language to any Paffrnger, or (hall infill on and exadl more than the Sum to which be is legally intitlcd, then, and in every fndicafe, the Driver or Guard (as the cafe maybe) £0 offending, asd being convsfted thereof by his own Confefiion, or the Oath or ^tthsot One or more credible Witnefs or. Witoc{jGb*> before any Juf-' ll	Uce

Penalty.

Drivers, Sec. intoxicated or retarding Mails, not aceouutiug.

Penalty.

Imprifonraent.

Driver, See. infultiitg or exacting from Pa Jc tigers.

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSib.

u6

Penally.

P^arc Officer*

to c.wute Warrants.

Penalty.

ImprT mnient.

Paffenger may ifcjuirc Toll C'olle^or to count Number ot 55;ifli*ngm and meafure Height of Lug-SW-

Driver refuting.

Penalty.

Double Penalty.

C.48.	50° GEO. III.

tice or other Magiftrate above mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not lefs than Five Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence ; and in cafe of Non-payment, every fuch Juftice or other Magiftrate above mentioned are hereby authorized to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Tovyn, Divifion or Place where fuch Offence (hall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding One Month nor lefa than Three Days, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or other Magiftrate above mentioned,.by or before whom any fuch Offender {hall be convicted.

XIIf. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforefaid, That if any Conftable or other Peace Officer fhall refufe or negleCt to execute any Warrant granted by any Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned, purfuant to the Directions of this ACt, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being convicted thereof before One or more Juftice or Jultices of the Peace or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates above mentioned, either by his own Confeflion or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates above mentioned, is and are hereby authorized and required to adminilter), fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and in cafe the Perfon fo conviCted doth not forthwith pay or fecure to be paid the faid Penalty, then it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates above mentioned, to commit fuch Perfon to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where fuch Offence /ball be committed,, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month, unlefs the faid Penalty fhall be fooner paid.

XIV. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforefaid. That, from and after the pafting of this ACt, if the Driver, of any Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, drawn by Two or more Horfes and going or travelling for Hire, (hall permit or fuffer more than One Perfon on the Coach Box befides himfelf, and a greater Number of Outfide Paffengers than according to the Numbers allowed by this ACt to be carried or conveyed by any fuch Coach or Carriage above deferibed refpeCtively, it fhall be lawful for any Outfide or Iniide Paffenger who fhall have been regularly booked, and who has adually paid for his Place, if conveyed by fuch Coach or other Carriage, to require the Driver to flop fuch Coach or Carriage at any Toll or Turnpike Gate, and to require the Collector of the Toll at fuch Gate to count the Number of Paffengers, or meafure or afeertain the Height of the Luggage upon fuch Coach or other Carriage ; and if any fuch Driver fhall refufe upon the Demand of any fuen Paffenger to flop any fuch Coach or Carriage, or to permit or fuffer the Collector at fuch Toll or Tumpike Gate who fhall be fo required by any fuch Paffenger, to count the Number of Paifen-gers and afeertain the Height ot the Luggage, or to make fuch Examination, then, in every fuch cafe, the Driver of fuch Coach fhall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every fuch Refufal, and fhall, if more Paffengers fhall have been carried on fuch Coach, or the Luggage fhall exceed the Height allowed by this ACt, forfeit for every fuch Offence, the committing whereof fhall have been prohibited as aforefaid, double the Penalty impofed by this ACt fog

fuch

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.i8io*	5°°	GEO. III.	C.48.

Inch Offence, the One Half of fuch Penalty to belong to the Toll Collector for his Trouble, and the other Half to the PafTenger; and if any Toll Colleftor, upon being fo required by any iuch PafTenger, (hall neglect or refufe to make fuch Examination, he (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Offence, to be levied and applied in the fame manner as the other Penalties impofed by this Aft ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall endeavour to evade fuch Examination, by defcending from fuch Coach or other Carriage above de-fcribed, previous to its reaching any Turnpike Gate, and re-afcend-ing after it has paffed fuch Turnpike Gate, he (hall forfeit- and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to he recovered in the fame manner as the other Penalties hereby impofed.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the pafiing of this Aft, if the Coachman or Perfon having the Care of any Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above defcribed, (hall permit or fuffer any other Perfon without the Confent of a Proprietor, or againll the Confent of the Paffengers, to drive the fame, or (hall quit the Box without reafonable Occafion, or for a longer Space of Time than fuch Occafion may require (although the Reins for guiding or driving the Horfesbeleft for the time in the Hands of the PafTenger on the Box), or if the Coachman or Perfon having the Care of any Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above deferibed, (hall, by furioufly driving or by any Negligence or Mifconduft, overturn the Carriage, or in any manner endanger »he Perfons or Property of the Paffengers, or the Property of the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Carriage (unavoidable Accidents always excepted), every fuch Coachman or Perfon as afore-faid fo offending, (hall,* for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lefs than Five Pounds, to he levied and applied in the fame manner as the other Penalties impofed by this Aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where any Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for any Offence committed Againft this Aft, fhall and may be recoverable before One or more Ju dices of the Peace, or before any other Magiflrate above mentioned, every fuch Juflicc or other Magiftratc above mentioned, is hereby required to adminifter an Oath, and upon Proof of any fuch Offence, fhall give Judgment or Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred, and for the reasonable Coils and Charges of the Profecution ; and if the fame fhall not be paid, fhall commit the Perfon or Perfons fo convifted to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the faid County, Shire, Borough, Town Corporate or Place for any time not exceeding Three Months nor lefs than One Month, at the Dif-cretion of the faid J'lflice or other Magillrate above mentioned, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall enter into fuch Recognizance with fuch Surety before fuch Juflices or Juftice, or other Magiflrate as hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Juflice, or other Magiflrate above mentioned, before whom any Perfon fhall have been convifted for any Offence againfl the Provifions of this Aft, fhall fee caufe to mitigate fuch Penalty, every fuch Juflice, or^ other Magiflrate above mentioned, may mitigate or leffen the fame to any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, over and above all reasonable Coft3 and Charges expended or incurred in the Profecution $ and that One Half either of the Whole or of

I 3	the

I!7

Colleger

refilling.

Penalty.

PafTenger

evading.

Penalty.

(^oarhmen ] urinating other Perfons to diivc.

Furious Driving,

&c.

Penalty.

Penalties how rt covered.

Mitigation.

How applied.

Digitized by Google

118

A.D.1810.

Guard firing -rxcrpt for Defence.

Penalty.

Where no fpeci fic Penalties, Juftices may imjwfe them.

Conniving at Offences.

C.48.	50*	GEO.	III.

the Moiety of fudi Penalty, with the faid Cods and Charges, (hall be paid to the Informer for his own Behoof, or to be at ois Dtf-polal for Publick Purpofes except in the Special Cafes above provided for, and the other Half (hall be paid to the Truftees of the Roads where fiich Offence is committed, who are hereby required in confideration thereof to direct their Surveyors to watch over the due Execution of this A&, in the feveral Roads to the Superin tendance of which they are refpe&ively appointed.

XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon going or travelling as a Guard to any Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above deferibed, (hall fire off the Arms he is entruffed with, either while fuch Coach or other Carnage is going on the Road or going through or (landing in any Town, otherwife than for the Defence of fuch Coach or other Carriage, or the Paffenger or Paffengers therein, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other Penalties hnpofed by this A&. i- XIX. And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Perfon or I^erfons committing any Offence againff the Provifions of this A£l, for which no fpecific Penalties (hall have been provided, he, (he or they (hall forfeit and pay, at the Difcretion of One or more Juftices of the Peace or of any o:her Magiftrate above mentioned, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor lefs than Fifty Shillings, upon being convi&ea thereof on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffea, before any Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned, adfciog in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where the Offence (hall have been committed, or by any other Juffice of the Peace refiding in any County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place in which the Offender (hall then actually be prefent, upon full and fatisfa&ory Proof being exhibited before fuch Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned, on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath or Oaths as well the Juftice of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where the Offence lliall have been committed, as fuch Juftices and other Magiftrates above mentioned as (hall be refident in the County,Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where the Offender (hall actually be prefent, are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) ; and in default of Payment of the Penalty which (hill have been awarded on the Convi&ion of fuch Offender, he (hall for every fuch Offence be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where fuch Offence (hall have been committed, or of the County, Riding, City, Town, Divifion or Place where he (hall actually be prefent (as the cafe may be) there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor lefs than Five Days, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices by or before whom fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall receive any Sum or Sums of Money for conniving at any Offence prohibited by this A61, either for any fingle Offence or for a Number of fuch Offences, or by Stipulation or Agreement by the Day, the Week, the Year, or any other Period of Time, and (hall be duly convidted thereof before One or more Juftices, or before any other 4	Magiftrate

A.D.i8to.	50°	GEO.	IIL	0.48.

Mag&rate above mentioned, lie, (he or they Audi forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence, and in default of the Payment thereof (hall he committed to any Houfe of Corre&iou ibr any Period not exceeding Three Months nor lefe than One Mooth*

XXI.	And whereas it would materially contribute to the Safety of PaiTengers if a great Part of the Luggage ufually conveyed by Stage Coaches* were conveyed in a much lower Pofuioa than it generally the cafe at prefent, and the fame Reftriftiou* in regard to the Number of Outfide Pafiengers on fuch Stage Coaches would not be fo requifitc, provided no Luggage was earned by them, except in the manner hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore further enafted, That all Stage Coaches, (Long Bodied Coaches included) carrying no Parcels or Luggage whatsoever, excepting in the In fide or in die Front Boot tbereof/or in a Boot behind or under the Body of fuch Carriage ; and where the Top of fuch Boot behind, when the Coach is empty, is not more than Sis Feet from the Ground, having obtained a fpecial Licence for that Purpofe, and having the Name of the Owner or Owners, and the Number of Outfide and Iofide Pafieogers thereby allowed painted or inscribed thereon, fhaU be permitted to carry Two Outfide Pafiengers more than the Number of Outfide Paffengers hereby limited with refpeft to other Coaches or Carriages above de-feribed, without fubjefting the Drivers, Owners or Proprietors of fuch Coaches or other Carriages to any of the Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines or Punifiuneots impofed or authorized to be impofed by this Aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary Botwkhdaoding.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Prosecution for any Offence committed againft the Provifions of this Aft, (hall be commenced within the Space of Fourteen Days after the Offence (hall have been committed, and that there (hall be hut one Recovery for the fame Offence, except where the Owner or Owners of Stage Coaches or other Carnages above described, are required to paint their Names or Name or Sign, and to preferve the lame in a dear or legible State, in which cafe fuch Profecution may be commenced at any time, and any Negle& in remedying the fame for the Space of One Month (hall be confidered a new Offence.

4 XXIII. And whereas a certain Number of Hackney Coaches

*	work by Permiffion as dated Stages, and which as well as other 4 Hackney Coaches are licenced by and have been hitherto under

*	the Regulations and Controul of the Commiifioners for licenfiag ‘ aad regulating Hackney Coaches, the fame dated Stages being

*	numbered and to alL Id tents and Purpofes Hackney Coaches, yet 4 for the public Convenience are exempted from the ordinary Street ‘ Work of Hackney Coaches, and permitted to be employed and ‘ driven certain preferibed Routes at fixed Hours bkweca the 1 Metropolis and certain Villages and Places in its Vicipity: And

*	whereas the faid dated Hackney Coach Stages as well as the Hack-4 oey Coaches in general, and the Owners and Drivers thereof refpeft-1 ively, are in all Refpefts under the Regulation and Controul of the 4 faid Commiffioners for licenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches ; 4 and it is inexpedient and unneceflary that any of the Provifions of i this Aft fhould be applied to fuch Hackney Coaches and Hack-4 ney Coach Stages before mentioned ;* Be it therefore further cuafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to, or be condrued to extend to affeft fuch Kackney Coaches or their

I 4	Owners

Digitized by

Google

nV

Penalty.

What Carriage* may carry additional Numltcr of lVlTehgrr*.

Limitation of A&iotis.

Hackney Coaah Stages exempted.

A.D.t8io.

Owners or Drivers refpifdively, as now are or hereafter may be licenfed by the faid Commiflioners for licenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, whether fuch Coaches be fo licenfed to be ufed and driven in the ordinary and indiferiminate Work of Hackney Coaches in general, in and about the Streets and Places within which fuch Hack-ney Coaches are by Law compellable to go or be driven, or are or may b*e licenfed exprcfbly for the Purpofe of being employed and driven as Hackney Coach Stages between the Metropolis and certain Villages and Places in the Vicinity thereof; any thing in this A&t contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftanding.

1 ottos of Pro-	XXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the Forms of the Pro-

mgs. ceedings relative to the feveral Matters contained in this Ad, which are fet forth and exprefled in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be ufed upon all Occafions, and with fuch Additions or Variations as may be neceffary to adapt them to the particular Circum(lances of the cafe, or the Place where the Profecution for the Offence (hall Want of Form, take place; and that no Obje&ion (hall be allowed to be made or Advantage taken on account of want of Form in any fuch Proceedings ; and that fuch Convi&ion, unlefs appealed from within Fourteen Day9 iu the manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be final and conclufive.

Appeal.	XXV.	Provided	always, and be it further enabled, That if any

Perfon {hall find him, her or themfelves aggrieved by bny Determination, Judgment, Sentence or Conviction, which any Juftice or Juf-tices of the Peace or other Magiftrate above mentioned (hall have given or made in any of the cafes hereinbefore mentioned, and fhali enter into a Recognizance before fuch Juftice or Juftices or other Magiftrate, with one fufficient Surety, the Condition whereof fhali be, that fuch Perfon or Perfons do and fhali appear before the Court of the next Quarter-Seflions for the County or other Place where fuch Determination, Judgment, Sentence or Convi&ion fhali have been given or made, then and there to abide the final Order, Judgment and Sentence of fuch Court on the Matters aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali be at Liberty to appeal to the next General Quarter-Seflions of the Peace to he bolden for the faid County or other Place, Who upon hearing the faid Appeal, fhali have full Power finally to determine the fame, and to Gfo.	award fuch Cofts to the Appellant or to the Profecutor or Informer,

as to fuch Court fhali feem fit to be awarded ; and fuch laft mentioned Proceedings, final Judgment and Sentence, fhali not be remove-Certiorcri. able by Writ of Certiorari or otherwife into any other Court. PublickAa. XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That this A6t fhali be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick A&> and fhali be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and other Perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

A&	beal-	XXVII. And be it further ena&cd, That this Ad may be altered,

isred, &c. varied or repealed by any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

i

The

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

5o° GEO. m.

C. 48.

Ill

The SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers. tORMS of PROCEEDINGS mentioned in the foregoing Aft. INFORMATION.

gE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

One thoufand eight hundred and	A.	B.	of

in the faid County, informeth me	One

•f Hii Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace for the faid County, that

[here

defer tbe the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the Ad as near as may be] contrary to the Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled. An AS for [here infert the Title of this AS] which hath impofed a Forfeiture of for the faid Offence. Received*the Day of	by me

C.D.

SUMMONS for any Perfon or Perfons to attend a Juflice of the Peace or other Magiftrate.

To A. B. of

"^yHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made before me C. D. One of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the faid [County, et cetera] That, et cetera [here fate the Nature and Circumjlances of the Cafe, as far as it Jhall he neceffary to Jhew the Offence and to bring it within the Authority of the Jujtice, and in doing that follow the Words of the AS as near as may be] Thefie are therefore to require you perfonally to appear before me, or fuch other of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid [County, et cetera] on the	Day	of	next,	at	the	Hour

of	in	the	Noon, to anfwer the faid Complaint and

Information ; and further to do and receive what to the Law (hall appertain. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of	One	thoufand	eight	hundred

and

FORM of CONVICTION.

T>E it remembered. That on the	Day	of

in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and	at	in the County of

aforefaid, A. B. came before me C. D. One of His Majefty’a Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, et cetera, and informed me, That, et cetera [here fet forth the Fad in the manner de-feribed by the A8] whereupon the faid E. F. after being duly fum-itioned to anfwer laid Charge, appeared before

on the	Day	of	at

in the faid County; and having heard the Charge contained in the faid Information, declared that he was not guilty of the faid Offence; but the fame being fully proved upon

3	the

122'

AD.i8i«.

4) E!iz. <*. §*•

17 G."2. c,

C. 48,49,	50°	GEO.	III.

the Oath of GJ/. a credible Witnefs, it manifeftly appears to me the faid Juftice, that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the faid Information 5 it is therefore confidered and adjudged by me the faid Juftice, that he the faid E. F. be confided*, and I do hereby convi# him of the Offence aforefaid ; and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that be the (aid E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of	of	lawful	Money of Great

Britain, for the Offence aforefaid, to be diftributed as the Law dire&s, according to the Form of the Statute in that cafe made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of	One	thoufand	eight hundred and

jdfter the Words 44 being duly fummoned to anfwer the faid Charge,n infert [did not appear beforeme purfuant to the faid Summons] or [did negleft and rtfufe to make any Defence againft the hid Charge, but the fame being fully proved, et cete* as before: sifter the Words “ contained in the faid Infontfation” infert [acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame to be true, and it manifeftly appears to me the faid Juftice, et cetera] as above.

[&v as to Ireland>	cap, 32.]

CAP. XUX.

An Aft to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, fo far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overfeers by Judiets of the Peace.

fpth June 1810.3

2*	*	‘ITT HERE AS by an Aft made in the Forty third Year of the

*	VV Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Elizabeth, intitnlcd, jin

*	Sl8 for the Relief of the Poor, it is enafted, That Churchwardens

*	and Overfeers ol the Poor of every Parifh ftiall, within Four Days

*	after their Year, and after other Overfeers nominated, make and

*	yield up to Two Juftices of the Peace a true and perfeft Account

*	of albSums of Money by them received, or rated and feffed and not 08. * received, and of all other things concerning their faid Office ; And

*	whereas by an Aft made in the Seventeenth Year of His late 4 Majefty King George the Second, for remedying fome Defefts in 4 the faid recited Aft made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 4 Queen Elizabeth , it is enafted, that the Churchwardens and Over-4 feers of the Poor (hall. Yearly and every Year, within Fourteen 4 Day8 after other Overfeers (hall be nominated and appointed to 4 fucceed them, deliver in to fuch fucceeding Overfeers a juft, true 4 and perfeft Account in Writing under the Hands of the Church

4 wardens and Overfeers direfted to account, of all Sums of Money 4 by them received or rated and affefied and not received, and of all 4 other Things concerning their faid Office ; which faid Account (hall 4 be verified by Oath, or by the Affirmation of Perfons called Qua-4 kers, before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace,

4 which faid Oath or Affirmation fuch Juftice or Juftices is and arc 4 by the faid Aft authorized and required to adminifter, and to fign 4 and atteft the Caption of the fame at the Foot of the faid Account:

• And

Digitized by Google

A.D'iftto*

123

50° GEO. Ill*	C.	49.

*	And whereas it is expedient that Two or more Judices (hould be

*	empowered to examine and corre& and to allow and approve every 1 fuch Account, before the (Same (hall be (igned and attededBe it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majedy, by and with it Advice and Con Cent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the dame. That in aU cafes where any fuch Account is required to be made and yielded, and to be (igned and atteded at aforefaid by virtue of the (mid lad recited A61, every fuch Account (ball be fub* nutted by the Churchwardens and Overfeers to Two or more Judi-cet of the Peace of the County, dwelling in or near the Parilh or Place to which fuch Account (hall relate, at a Special Seffions for that Pur* pofe to be kolden within the Fourteen Days appointed by the faid lad recited A& for delivering in fuch Account; and fuch Judices (hall aod they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they (hall fo throb fit, to examine into the Matter of eveiy fuch Account, and to admiaider an Oath or Affirmation to fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Truth of fuch Account, and to difallow and drike oet of every fuch Account all fuch Charges and Payments as they (ball deem to be unfounded, and to reduce fuch as they (ball deem to be exorbitant, fpecifymg upon or at the Foot of fuch Account every fuch Charge or Payment and its Amount, fo far as fuch Judi-tn (ball difallow or reduce the fame, and the caufe for which the fame is difallowed or reduced; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Two or move Ju dices, and they are hereby required to (ignify their Allowance and Approbation of any fuch Account under their Hands, sod to fign and atted the Caption of the fame at the Foot of fuch Account, in manner direded by the faid lad recited Ad : And in cafe fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers or any of them, (hall refufe or ncgled to make and yield up or to fubmit fuch Account, or to verify the fame by Oath as aforefaid, or to deliver over to their Sue* cdTorv within Ten Days from the figning and atteding fuch Ac-coaats, any Goods, Chattels or other Things, which on the Examination and Allowance of fuch Account in manner aforefaid (hall appear to be remaining in the Hands of fuch Churchwardens or Overfeers, it (hall and may be lawful for any Two or more Judices of the Peace to commit him, her or them, to the Common Gaol, until he, (he or they (hall have made and yielded fuch Account, and verified the fame as aforefaid, or (hall have delivered over fuch Goods, Chattels and other Things which (hall appear to be fo remaining in his, her or their Hands as aforefaid5 and in cafe fuch Churchwardens aod Overfeers or any of them, (hall refufe or negle& to pay to their Soccefibrs within Fourteen Days from the (igning and atteding fuch Account, any Sum or Sums 01 Money or Arrearages which on the Examination and Allowance of fuch Account in manner aforefaid, (hall appyar or be found to be due and owing from fuch Churchwardens or Overfeers, or any of them, or remaining in their Hands, ktoaH and may be lawful for the fubfequent Churchwardens and Overfeers by Warrant from any Two or more Judices of the Peace, to levy all fuch Sum and Sums of Money by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender*’ Goods, rendering to the Parties the Overplus, and in default of fuch Didrefs, it (hall be lawful for anr fuch Two Judices d the Peace, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common

Gaol

Accounts of Churchwardens and Overfeers to be fuhmitted tu JulTicea at Special Seifiuna.

Churchwardens, &c. neglecting.

Committed.

Refuting to pay to Succctibrs.

Diftrefs.

Imprifonmeot.

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D. 1810.

Appeal.

Appal.

Magiftntcs of Coiporation fame Jurifdic-tio® a* Juftices.

Gaol of the County, there to remain without Bail or Main prize, until Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money or Arrearages

as aforefaid.

II.	Provided always, and be it enadcd, That if fuch Church* wardens or Overfeers, or any of them, (hall feel themfelves, himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the Difallowance or Redudion of any fuch Charges or Payments, and be defirous of appealing again# any Order in that refped, made by any fuch Two or more Juftices of the Peace, it (hall and may be lawful for him, her or them, to enter an Appeal again# fuch Order, at the next General or Quarter-Seflions to be holden next after the Tenth' Day from the making of %fuch Order, he, (he or they having fir# paid or delivered over to the fncceeding Churchwardens ana Overfeers, fuch Sum and Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels and other Things, as on the Face of the Account which (hall have been fubmitted by him, her or them, to fuch Two or more Juftices in manner aforefaid, fhall appear and be admitted to be due and owing from him, her or them, or remaining in his, her or their Hands, and having alfo entered into a Recognizance before One or more fuch Juftice or Juftices, with Two fufBcient Securities to be approved of by fuch Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Recognizance fhall be acknowledged, in not lefs than double the Sum or Value in difpute, to enter fuch Appeal at fuch next General or Quarter-Seflions, and abide by fuch Order as fhall at that or any fublequent Seflions be made on fuch Appeal; and it fhall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace aflem-bled at fuch General or Quarter-Seflions, on Proof of the Matters aforefaid, and on the Production of fuch Recognizance and Proof of the fame having been duly entered into, to adjourn fuch Appeal if they fhall fee Occafion, or to hear the fame, and to examine into and to confirm or reverfe fuch Difallowance or Reduction in the Whole or in Part, as to fuch Juftices at fuch Seflions fhall feem juft, and in any fuch Cafe, the faid Juftices, at fuch Seflions, may (if they fhall think fit) make an Order that fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers fhall have the Colts by them incurred, upon any fuch Appeal defrayed out of the Poor Rates of the Parifh or Place 5 and the Order of the General Quarter-Seflions in execution of the Powers given to them by this ACt fhall be binding on all Parties.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it euaCted, That nothing ’herein contained fhall take away or beconftrued to takeaway any Power of Appeal again ft any fuch Account, by any other Perfon entitled to appeal again# the fame by virtue of the laid recited Ads or either of them.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of every Town or Place Corporate and City in Great Britain, or any Two Magiftrates of fuch Town or Place Corporate or City, being Juftice or Juftices of Peace refpediveiy, fhall have the fame Authority by virtue of this Ad within the Limits and Precinds of their Jurifdidions as is by this Ad limited, prescribed or appointed to Juftices of the Peace of the County, or any Two or more of them, for the Execution of this Ad; fubjed neverthelefs to an Appeal to the General or Quarter-Seflions in every fuch Town or Place Corporate or City refpedively as aforefaid : Provided always, that in any Town or Place Corporate or City, where there are not Four Juftices of the Peace, it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons. where an Appeal is given by this Ad, to appeal, if he or they fhall

think

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

50° GEO. III.

C. 49, Jo.

125

Certiorari.

Provifo for Church war* lent, &c. 43 Eli/, c. 1. 17 U. 9. c. 38.

City of London; Ppwifo for 43 Eliz.c.9.

17 <i. 2.C. 38.

think fit, to the next General or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Divifion wherein fuch Town or Place Corpo-nte or City is fituate.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Certiorari (hall be granted* to fetnoYe any Order or Proceeding of any General or Quarter-Seflions or of any * Juft ices, made or had under this Ad, into any’ foperior Court of Record; but that all Orders and Proceedings of fuch Seflions, and all Orders and Proceedings of fuch Judices (fufajed to fuch Appeal as aforefaid) under this Ad, (hall be final tod condufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or apply, or be condrued to extend or apply to the Accounts of any Churcnwarden or Overfeerof the Poor in any Parifh or Place where, by the Prdvifions of any Ad or Atts relating to the Poor of fuch Pariih or Place, or’by the Conftrudion of any fuch Ad or Ads, fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers are exempted from the rendering the Accounts required by the hereinbefore recited Ads of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Elizabeth ^ and of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majedy, King George the Second, or either of them ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithdanding: Prodded alfo, that nothing in this Ad contained ihall extend or be con-ftmed to extend to the City of London.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing io this Ad contained ihall alter or repeal any of the Provifions or Regulations contained in the faid recited Ads of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majedy Queen Elizabeth* and of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Hit late Majefty King George the Second, or either of them, other than and except only fuch Provifions or Regulations as are exprefsly mentioned in this Ad, and fo far as the fame are exprefsly amended or altered by this Ad.

C A P. L.

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor, fo far as relates to the more effedual carrying the fame into Execution 5 and to extend the Provifions thereof to Parifhes which (hall not have adopted the Provifions of an Ad of the Twenty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

[9th June 1810.]

* TITHE REAS an Ad was pafled in the Twenty fecond Year g. 3. c. 83. 4 W of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, jin Ad 1 far the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, whereby certain 4 Rules, Orders and Regulations fpecified and contained in the Sche-4 dole to the faid Ad annexed, are direded to be obferved and en*

4 forced at every Poorhoufe to be provided by virtue of that Ad,

1 with fuch Additions as (hould be made by the Juflices of the Peace 4 of the Limit wherein fuch Houfe or Houfes (hould be fituate, at 4 fame Special Seflion ; provided fuch Additions (hould not .be con- .	,

4 tradidory to the Rules, Orders and Regulations, eftablifhed by 1 that Ad; and provided that the fame (hould not be repealed by

4 the

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

I 26

49 G.3.C. 194.

55.

In what cafe T«vo Juftic es may dire& Regulations of 22 G . 3. e. S3, to be obferved in Workhoufes and alter Regulations.

Power of Juf-

ti/LCJ,

Q2 G. 3. c. 63*

How fai Ccn-ua&ors for Poor lubjeA to Jurif-

G. 50.	50°	GEO.	III.

4 the Juftices at their General Quarter-Seffion 8 of the Peace; And € whereas another A& was paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majeftjr, intituled, An Ad for altering,

4 amending and explaining certain Ads relative to the Removal of 4 the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cafes touching the 4 Examination of Paupers as to their Settlements ; and for extending 4 to all Parifhes certain Rules and Orders in Workhoufes y under an 4 Ad of the Twenty fecond Tear of His prefent Mdjefiy, intituledt An 4 Ad for the better Relief smd Employment of the Poor; whereby 4 any Two or more of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace are autbo-4 rized, at any Petty Seffions, to diredfc fuch Rules, Orders and 4 Regulations, or any of them, to be obferved and executed in any 4 Parifhes within their refpe&ive Diviiiona or Dittri&s : And whereas 4 it is expedient that the Benefit of fuch Regulations as are provided 4 and authorized to be made by the faid recited A A of die Twenty 4 fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Government of Poor-4 houfes and Workhoufes, fhould be extended to Parifhes which (hail 4 not have adopted the Provifions of the faid ActsMay it therefore pleafe Your Majeftv that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, within their refpe&ive Limits, may at any Special Sefliou dire& the Rules, Orders and Regulations, in the Schedule to the faid Act of the Twenty fecond Year of His Mijefty’s Reign fpedfied and contained, or any of them, with Rich Additions as mall be made by fuch Juftices, to be obferved and enforced in the Workhoufes or Poor-boufes, or any Houfes fet Apart for that Purpofe* although there fhould be no Mafter or Miflrefs to fuperiatend the fame, of any Parifh or Place within their refpe&ive Divifions or Diftri&a, as fully and effe&ually as the Rules and Orders by the faid A&of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign eftablifhed, are to be obferved and enforced within the Parifhes adopting the Provifions of the fame A&; and that it fealt be lawful for Two or more fuch Juftices, io any Special Seffion from time to time as they fhali fee occafion, to add to and alter the Rules, Orders and Regulations which fhalt at any previous Special Seilions have been made and ordered to be obferved, provided that no Addition or Alteration to be mode by fuch Juftices (hall be contradi&ery to the Rules, Orders and Regulations eftablifhed by the faid A& of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and provided that the fame fhall not be repealed by the Juftices at their Quarter-Seffion of the Peace ; and for enforcing and carrying into execution fuch Ruies, Orders, and Regulations in every Parifh and Place where the fame fhall be eftablifhed by virtue of this A&, every Juftiee of the Peace fhall, for that Purpofo, have the Powers1>y the faid A & of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign vefted in Vifitovs of the Poor; and aU Churchwardens and Overfeers, within their refpe&ive Parifhes and Towafhips (half have andexercife the Powers, and fhall perform the Duties by the fame A& veiled in and impofed upon Governors of the Poor.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That Perfons contra6fcing for the Maintenance of the Poor of any Parifh or Place fhall, with refpe& to al fuck things as they (kali contract to perform and provide for the

Poor

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8id.

50° GEO. III.	C.50,51.	127

Poor, be fubjed to the Jurifdidion and Orders of Juft ices of the dlAIon of Juf-■Peace io like manner in all refpe&s as Overfeers of the Poor are fub- tice,#

K* freto 5 and that every Order of any fuch Juftice to or upon any fo contrading, may be enforced and carried into execution by fach means as the fame might bare been enforced and carried into execution again ft any Owerfeer of the Poor; and that every Perfon k contracting for the Maintenance of the Poor, who (hall-refufe or negled to obey any fuch Order, fhall be puniihable by the like pcnaitief. Forfeitures and Penalties, to be levied in the fame manner as in Cafes of Difobedience or Negled of the Orders of Juftices by Overfeers of the Poor.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be jutiices may ap-lawful for the Juftices in any fuch Special SelDon as aforefaid, upon pint Keeper of the Application of the Overfeers of the Poor of any Parifh or Place, WorkhouletoU or of the major Part of them, to appoint the Keeper of the Work- Governor, bosfc of any fuch Parifti or Place to be the Governor thereof, and the Keeper io appointed, fo long as lie (hall continue Keeper of fuch Workhoufe until the Juftices in any fuch Special Seffion (hail revoke foch Appointment (which they are hereby empowered to do) (hall have; ufe and excrcife the Powers, and perform the Duties by the laid Ad of the Twenty fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, veiled k and impofed upon Governors of the Poor.

IV.	And be it further eoaded, That if any Perfon who (hall be Imbezzling (ent to any Poorhoufe or Workhoufe fhall imbezzle, or wilfully wafte, Goods, &c. fpoil or damage any of the Clothing, Goods or Materials committed to his or her Care, or fhall take or carry away, without Permiifion of the Overfeer of the Poor or Keeper of the faid Workhoufe, any *

Clothing, Goods or Materials provided for the Ufe of fuch Poor-houfe, or of any of the Poor therein, Complaint thereof may be made upon Oath to One or more Juftices of the Peace ading for the Lift rid or Divifion in which fuch Parilh (hall be fituate; and fuch Juftices are hereby authorized to hear fuch Complaint, and upon Convi&ion to commit die Offender to the Houfe of Corredion, thereto be kept to hard Labour for anytime not. exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor lefs than Seven Days.

V.	And be it further enaded, That any Breach of the Rules and Breach of Rnlw> Orders to be put in force by virtue of this Ad, (hall be puai(h<d in *c* fech manner as is by the faid Ad directed for the Breach of the Rules 1 Hm ient* and Orders to be enforced under the before recited Ad of the Twenty fecond Year of His prefenl Majefty, Chapter Eighty three.

CAP. LI.

An Act to Tepeal fo much of an ASt, paffed in the Seventh Year of JCing Janus the Firft, as-relates to the Pt&nHhment of Wo. men delivered of Baftard Children * and to make other Pro-yifioos m lieu thereof.	[9th	June	1810.]

*	¥T7HEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Seventh Year of the 7 Joe. 1. c. 4.

*	W Reign of His late Majefty King James the Firft, intituled, ^ i An A3 for the due Execution of divers Laws and Statutes heretofore

*	node againd Rogues, Vngabonds and Sturdy Beggars, and other J*ewd 1 and Idle rerfons ; And whereas it is, among other Things, direded

*	andenaded, that every lewd Woman who, after the then prefent

« Seflion

A.D.i8io.

repealed.

Limitation of Puuilhment.

Juftir rs may mitigate Confinement, aid dif-charge.

Provifo for time of Commitment.

B&9W. 3.

c. 30. $ 0,

C. si, 52.	50° GEO. III.

•	Seflion of Parliament, (hould have any Ballard which might

•	be chargeable to the Parifh, fhould be committed to the Houfe

•	of Corre&ion, there to be punifhed and fet on Work during

•	the Term of one whole Year ; and that if fuch Woman fhould 4 offend again in like manner, (he (hould be committed to the 4 Houfe of Corre&ion, there to remain until (he (hould put in good 4 Securities not to offend fo again: And whereas the Punifhment 4 aforefaid, if rigoroufly infli&ed, might be too fevere, and might fub-4 je& the Offender to Imprifonment for Life :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited A& pafTed in the Seventh Year of His late Majefty King James the Firft, as relates to the Commitment of Women to the Houfe of Corre&ion, there to be punifhed and fet on Work for having Baftard Children who may be chargeable to the Parifh, (hall be ar.d the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further cna&ed, That from and after the palling of this A&, in Cafes when a Woman (hall have a Baftard Child which may be chargeable to the Parifh, it (hall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace before whom fuch Womaa fhall be brought, and they fhall or may, at their Difcretion, commit fuch Woman to the Houfe of Corre&ion for the Diftri& or Place, and there to be fet on Work for any time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months nor lefs than Six Weeks.

ill. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace, at any Petty Seflion for the Divifiod wherein the Parifh to which fuch Baftard Child may be chargeable is fituate, upon their own Knowledge, or a Certificate duly authenticated from the Keeper of fuch Houfe of Corre&ion in which fuch Woman fhall have been confined for any Space not lefs than Six Weeks, of the good Behaviour of fuch Woman during fuch her Confinement, and of the reafonable Expe&ation of her Reformation, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order fuch Woman to be immediately (or at the time to be appointed in fuch Warrant) dif-charged and releafed from further Confinement.

IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A& contained (hall extend, or he conftrued to extend to authorize any Juftices of the Peace to commit any fuch Woman to the Houfe of Corre&ion, until fhe fhall have been delivered for the Space of One Calendar Month.

CAP. LII.

An A& to amend fo much of an A&, pafled in the Eighth and Ninth Year of King William the Third, as requires poor Perfons receiving Alms to wear Badges. [9th June 1810.}

4 YT7HEREAS by an A& pafled in the Eighth and Ninth Year 4 VV of the Reign of His late Majefty King William the Third, 4 intituled. An A3 for fupplying fame DefeQs in the Laws for the Relief 4 of the Poor of this Kingdom, it is ena&ed, That every fuch PeHon 4 as, from and after the Firft Day of September One thoufand fix 4 hundred and ninety feven, fhall be upon tile Colle&ion and receive

4 Relief

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

129

$ob GEO. IIL	C. jfc,53.

*	Relief of any Parish or Place, and the Wife and Children of any1 4 fuch Perfon cohabiting in the fame Houfe, (fuch Child - only ex-

*	eepted as (hall be the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the

*	Poor permitted to live’at Home in order to hare the Care of and

*	attend an impotent and lielplefs Parent) (hall upon the Shoulder of 4 the Right Sleeve of the uppermoft Garment of every fuch Perfon,

*	in an open artd vifible manner, wear fuch Badge or Mark as is 4 hereinafter mentioned and expreffed ; that is to fay, a large Roman 4 I\ together with the firft Letter of the Name of the Parifli or 4 Place whereof fuch poor Perfon is an Inhabitant, cut either in Red 4 or Blue Cloth, as by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor 4 it (hall be directed and appointed ; and if any fuch poor Perfon (hall 4 at any Time negled or refufe to wear fuch a Badge or Mark as 4 afore (aid, and in manner as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for 4 any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty or Town 4 Corporate, where any fuch Offence (hall be committed, upon Com-

*	plaint to him for that Purpofe to be made, to punifh every fuch 4 Offender for every fuch Offence, either by ordering of his or her 4 Relief or ufual Allowance on the Colledion to be abridged, fuf-4 pended or withdrawn, or otherwife by committing of any fuch 4 Offender to the Houfe of Correction, there to be whipt and kept 4 to hard Labour for any Number of Days not exceeding One and 4 Twenty, as to the faid Juftice in his Difcretion it (hall feem moft 4 meet; and if any fuch Churchwarden or Overfeer of the Poor, from 4 and after the faid Firft Day of September, (hall relieve any fuch poor 4 Perfon not having and wearing fuch Badge or Mark as aforefaid,

4 bring thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible

*	Witnefs or Witnefles before any Juftice of the Peace of the County,

4 City* Liberty or Town Corporate where any fuch Offence (hall be 4 committed, (hall forfeit f< r every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty 4 Shillings, to be levied by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Good * of every 4 fuch Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any fuch

*	Juftice; One Moiety to b ‘ to the Ufe of the Informer, and the 4 otf er to the Fo r of the Parilh where the Offence (hall be com-4 mitted : And whereas it is expedient that the faid Part of fuch Ad 4 be repealed:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be erased; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confe >t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled* and by the Authority of the fame, Th3t, from and after the pafling of this

Ad, the faid Part of fuch recited Ad (hall be, and the fame is repealed, hereby repealed.

C A P. LIIL

An A St for preventing Frauds relating *to the Exportation of Brit'iJ1) and IriJIj made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the ocher.	(	9th	June 1S10.]

*	T1 7HEREAS by an Ad made in this Seflion of Parliament, 50 G. 3 c 34.

*	W intituled, yin y18 for allowing the Exportation of Britifh and § 1.

*	lrifti made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other,

‘ Malt unground and unfereened (a), made in Ireland, is allowed to

*	be imported into Great Britain, and Malt unground and unfereened,

*	made in Great Britainf is allowed to be imported into Ireland; and

50Geo. III.	K	4	it

Digitized by

y Google

*3<>

A.D.i8io-

Importation of MaJt from Ireland to Great Britain.

n Sc 14 Car. 2. c. ii.

Entry.

Duty prd 1»e-fuie laiuling.

* /etui'v.

Cnieora miy on bourtl Veifcls, and fcarrh for Malt.

Irifh Mali imported, la*,led before Duty paid, forfeited.

C. s$-	S*>°	GEO.	III.

*	it is expedient to provide the Rules, Regulations, Reltri&ions anal

*	Provifions hereinafter contained for preventing Frauds relating there-c to;' Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’^moft Excellent Maiefty, by ard with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of the faid Ad, the Mailer or Purler for that Voyage of the Ship or VelTel wherein any Malt (hall be imported from Ireland into any Part of Great Britain (hall, within Twenty Days next after he (hall have or ought to have made a juft and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of fuch Ship or Veflel, in purfuance of the Dire&ions of an Ad made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Ad for preventing Frauds, and regulating Ahufes in His Majcjly’s Cu/loms, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Conlignee or Configneea of aoy fuch Malt, {hall make due Entry with the Colledor of Excile in the Port or Place where fuch Malt {Kail be fo imported of all fuch Malt on board of fuch Ship or VelTel belonging to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Conlignee or Confignees, fpecifying in fuch Entry the Quantity or Quantities of fuch Malt then laden in and on board of fuch Ship or VelTel, and lhaH then and before the landing of any fuch Malt, iatisfy and pay down, in ready Money, without any Difcout.t or Allowance, the Duties by this Ad impofed on fuch Malt; and (hall alfo, within fuch Twenty Days, land all fuch Malt; and if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Impor-ters, Conlignee or Confignees, (hall negled or refnfe to make due Entry', or to pay fuch Duties, or to land any fuch Malt within fuch Twenty Days, then, and in every fuch Cafe, all fuch Malt lhall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and the fame refpe&ively (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife. (o) [The word44 unfereened” does not appear in so G. 3. c. 54 ]

II.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excife in England and Scotland relpedivelv, or any of them, to go on board and enter into any Ship or VelTel whatfoever which (ball be within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within Four Leagues of the Coaft thereof, and continue on board the fame, and to examine and fearch for all Malt whatfoever; and to feize for His Majelly’sUfe all fuch Malt there found, as by the Laws thereunto relating lhall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame ; and alfo fuch Ship or Veflel, if the Time (hall be forfeited for or on account of fuch Malt.

III.	And be it further enaded. That all Malt made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, which lhall be unihipped, landed or delivered from or out of nny Ship, Veflel or Boat before the Duties by the Ad made in this Seffion of Parliament impofed lhall be fully paid lhall be forfeited and loll, together with the Packages containing the fame; and fuch Ship. Malt and Packages lhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall imlhip, land or deliver, or caufe or procure to be unfhipped, landed or delivered, or be aiding or afiifl-ing in the unihipping, landing or delivering from or out of any Ship, Veil'd or Boat,*any fuch Malt before the laid Duties by the laid Ad

impofed

Digitized by Google

A-D.tSio.

joq GEO. IH.

CS3-

impdfed (hall be fully paid, or {hall hide or conceal* dr catifc or pro- Concealing cure to he hidden or concealed any fuch Malt fo unftvipped, landed of Malt, drlhrered as aforcfakiVor (hall receive into his, her or their Hands;

Cuftody or Poffeffion, any flick Malt fo unftripped, landed or delivered as aforefaid, he, (he or they knowing the fame to have beet) fo unihipped, landed or delivered as aforefard, fuch Perfon or Perfons* and each and every of them (hall, for each and every fuch Offence* Penalty, forfeit and lofe Treble the Value of fuch Malt, to be ettifflaied accord* ing to the bell and bigheft Rate and Price which Malt of the beft Quality (ball fell for in London, Edinburgh or	refpe&ively,	at

the time when fuch Forfeiture (hall he incurred.

IV*. And be it farther enatted, That it fhall and may be- lawful to Regulations and for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have actually paid the Duties by the feveral Ads of Parliament impofed for or in refpeft of any ex* Quantity of Malt made in Great Britain or Ireland refpedively ; Or	-

to and for any other Perfon or Perfons who (hall buy, of be lawfully entitled to any fuch Quantity of Malt from the fald Perfon or Perfons who paid fuch Doties for the fame, to export fuch Malt, under and fubjed to the Rules, Regulations, Rcftridions and Provifioni hereinafter mentioned and prescribed, (that is to fay) the Perfon or Perfons intending to (hip and export any fuch Malt (hall give to thfc proper Officer or Officers of Excife Twenty four Hours Notice tk writing, in cafe fuch. Malt is intended to be (hipped within the limits of the Chief Office of Excife in Londott,*t\& Forty eight Hours Nolifcfe in writing, in cafe fuch Malt is intended fo to be (hipped in any Place out of the faid Limits in Great Britain or in Ireland, of his Intention to (hip fuch Malt for Exportation, and of tire Time when the fame is intended to be (hipped,1 and the Name of the Ship or Veflel in which the feme is intended to be (hipped^ and of the Mailer thereof, and of the particular Port gr Plade wberfe fuch Ship or Veffel lies, and is to receive or take on board fuch Malt, and of the particular Port or Place to which fuch Malt is intended to be exported, and of the Number of Buftiels of fuch Malt fo to be (hipped and exported, and fuch Officer or Officers (hall attend to fee fuch Malt (hipped,. and the feme (hall be (hipped iatbe Prefence of fuch Officer or Officers ; and the Officer or Officers who (hall have feen fuch Mbit (hipped (hall take an Account of the Quantity of fuch Malt fo intended to be exported ; and if any fuch Malt fo intended to be (hipped for Exportation (hall not be begun to be (hipped at the Time mentioned for that Purpofe in fuch Notice, or within One Hour after fuch time, then fnch Notice (hall be void, and the like Notice iq writing (hall be again given unto fuch Officer or Officers previous to the Shipping of any fuch Malt for Exportation.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Exporter of any fuch Malt Bonl for (hall alfo before the (hipping the fame give Bond, with fufficient Exportation. Security, which Security (hall, if fuch Malt be to be exported from that Part of Great Britain called Ergland, be approved of by the Commiffioner8 of Excife in England or the major Part of them for the time being, or the Perfon by them appointed or employed for that Purpofe ; and if fuch Malt he to be exported from that Part of Gridt Britain called Scotland, (hall be approved by the Commiffiorers of Excife in Scotland, or the major Part of them for the time being, or fey the Perfon by them appointed or employed for thpt Purpofe, aod -

K 2

20

Digitized by

Google ^

A.D.i8io

3V

C* S3-

jo° GEO, III;

Malt intended :o lie exported ulreUnd, tube rni aJurr.l i n >uar<l iu IV<.-fence of Jliiter.

I'u malted Grain mixed with Mult lor importation.

IVmilty.

IVl u’.t' .

[ • rtifirate of i'nyuont of 1)aty prod;:red t-n rn'eimg Malt lor Ireland O uh that Midi .*• fho lame . meutiv-ned in

In wi.it cafe t owaaiilivners

in Treble the Amount of all the Duties intended to be drawn back on fuch Exportation of fuch Malt, that the particular Malt fo intended to be exported and every Part thereof, (hail, (the Dadgerof the Seas and Enemies excepted), be (hipped and exported to the Port or Place to which fuch Malt in fuch Notice in that Behalf hereinbefore dire&ed to be given, (hall be declared to be intended to )>e exported and (hail not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatfoever, and (hall not be unfhipped, unladed or laid on Land or put on board any other Ship, Veflel or Boat in Great Jt>rUain or Ireland, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted) which Bond the Officer of Excife? of the Port or Place in England or Scotland refpe&ively appointed or employed for that Purpose jby the faid reipe&ive Commiffioners, or the major Part of them refpe&ively for the time being, is hereby direfted to take in Hh MajAly’s Name and to His Majefty’s Ufe.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Perfon or Perfons intending to export any fuch Malt.to Ireland, (hall, in the Prefence of the proper .Officer of Excife, meafure in and on board the Ship or Veffcl jon which the fame (hall be laden or (hipped for fuch Exportation, all -fuch Malt fo intended to be exported, and it (hall and may he lawful to anjd for any Officer or Officers of Excife at the Port where any fuel) Malt is intended to be (hipped for fuch Exportation, not only Jto examine all fuch Malt and to meafure the fame, but to fee and attend the meafuring thereof,, at his and their free Will and Pleafure ; and alfo to continue on board the Ship or Veffel on which fuch Malt .(hall be laden or (hipped, until the fame (hall have cleared fuch Port.

VII.	And be it further enatted, That if any unmalted Corn or Grain (hall be mixed with or contained among any Malt (hipped or intended, to be (hipped in any Part of Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland\ or brought or imported from Ireland into any Part <of (treat Britain under or by virtue of the faid A£t made in this .Seffipn of Parliament, and this A61 or either of them, all fuch Coni ,and Malt (hall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or .Officers of Cuftoms < r Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have io mixed or caufed or procured, permitted or fuffirrd to be mixed any luch nmnaited Coin or Grain with fuch Malt as aforefaid, (hall, for every Buihel of fuch Mixture, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five .Shillings-

, VIII. And-be it further enabled, That the Perfon or Perfons who (hall enter any fuch Malt for fuch Export to Inland, (hall prodnee a •Certificate or Certificates from the Collector of the Collection within which fuch .Malt was made, that the Duties by Law impofed for or in reipeCt of the making thereof have been fully paid, fpecifying by whom and at what Place the faid Malt was made, which Certificate fuch Collector js hereby required to give gratis, Proof being made ;upon Oath that fuch Duties for or in refpeCt of (uch Malt have been •io paid, and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall alfo make Oath before the proper Officer of the Port where the faid Malt (hall be (hipped for Exportation, that the faid. Malt is the fame which is mentioned in (uch Certificate, and the faid Collector and Officer refpe&ively are hereby authorized aiid empowered to admiuifter the faid refpcc-tive Oaths.

IX. And he :c further euadted, That the Commiflioners of Excife in

England

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

*33

50* GEO. III.	C.	53.

England and Scotland refpe<5tively, or One or more of them refpec-tfrely, or the proper Surveyor, Snpervifor or other Officer of Excife being fatisfied of the Truth of fuch Oath refpe&ively, (hall give to the (aid Exporter or his Clerk or Agent, a Certificate or Debenture expreffing the Quantities of Malt fo (nipped, and that all the Duties by Law impofed for or in refpeft of fuch Malt, on the making thereof, hate been paid for the fame, and that Bond with fufficient Security hath been given before the (hipping the fame for the due Exportation thereof, and fuch Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Colle&or of Excife of the Port or Place from whence fuch Malt was fo exported in England and Scotland refpettively, for or in refpeft of any fuch Malt fo exported from Great Britain to Ireland, he (hail pay or allow to the Perfon or Perfons fo exporting the fame, or their Agents, out of the Duties on Malt, the refpeCtive Drawbacks allowed by the faid Afct for Malt exported from Great Britain to Ireland•

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That where any Malt (hipped in Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland, (hall be unlhipped or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Klands of Guernfey, Jerjfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Klands of Faro or Ferro, then, and in fuch Cafe, not only the Ship or VefTel, out of or from which any fuch Malt (hall he fo unlhipped, landed or relaoded, but alfo all and every Ship, Veflel or Boat into which fuch Malt, or any Part thereof, (hall be put, after fuch unfhipping, (hall be forfeited, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cullcms or Excife.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any fuch Colle&or of Excife (hall not have Money in his Hands to pay the faid Drawbacks hereinbefore mentioned, then the Commiflioners of Excife in Eng~ land atid Scotland refpeftively, are required to pay the faid Drawbacks out of any Money in their Hands, ariling from the Duties on Malt, or any of them.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Drawback (hall be paid for or upon any Malt whatfoever exported from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, nor (hall any Debenture be made out for fuch Drawback until a Certificate (hall be produced to the proper Officer of the Port at which fuch Malt (hall have been (hipped for Exportation, which Certificate (ball be under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Superviforor Officer belonging to the Pert for which fucli Malt (hajl have been fo (hipped, certifying that the faid Malt has been duly landed there.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Entry (hall pafs, nor (hall any fuch Debenture be made out upon Exportation of Mnlt from Great Britain to Ireland, but in the Name of the real Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Malt, and before fuch Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors (hall receive the Drawback for or m refpeft of fuch Malt, One or more of fuch Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors, (hall upon the Debenture verify by Oath his or their fo being the real Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the whole of fuch Malt, and that the faid Malt is really and bona jide exported to and landed at the Place for which the Came was entered for Exportation.

XLV\ And bt it further enabled, Tha$ if any Malt (hipped in K 3	Great

of Excife to give a Debenture or Drawback.

Rclanding Malt (hipped for Ireland.

Penalty.

Drawbacks paid out of Malt Duties.

Not j*id without Certificate.

No Entry to nafs, &c. but Name of Owner.

Relanding Malt

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

(hipped for lidatid.

Penally.

Proceedings

tliereon.

Search

Warrants.

Confbble, &c.

to attend.

OV>{lru£Un£ Sewell, &£.

Penalty.

Provifo (hr making Malt for Exportation without putjr, Sue.

C. 53.	50*	GEO, IIL

Great Britain for Exportation as aforefaid to Ireland, (hall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or (hall be landed in the I (lands of Guem-fey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sari or Man, or tbe 1 (lands of Faro or Ferro, or any or either of them, then, and in every fuch Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which (hall be levied and recovered to His Majef-ty’s Ufc, all the Malt which (hall be relanded or landed, and the Value thereof, together with the Packages containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and all fuch Malt and Packages (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife ; and the better to enable the Officers to difeover any Malt (hipped in Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland, and relanded in any Part of Great Britain or (hipped in Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain, and unfhipped, landed or delivered before the Countervailing Duties by the faid Art impofed (hall have been fully paid, if any Officer or Officers of Excife in England or Scotland (hall have caqfe to fufpect that any fuch Malt (hall be depofited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatfoever, then, and in fuch Cafe, if fuch Place or Places (hall be within the Cities of London or Wejlminjlery or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before the Commiffioners of Excife in England for the tipie being, or any Two or more of them, or in cafe fuch Place or Places (hall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before One or more Jullice or Juflices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divilion or Place where fuch Officer or Officers (hall fufpert the fame to be depofited, hid or concealed, fetting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpicior, it (hall and may be lawful to aud for the faid Commiffioners, or any Two or more of them, or %ht Juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpertively (as tbe cafe may require), before whom fuch Oath (hall be made, if they or he (hall judge it reafondblc, by fpecial Warrant or Warrants under bis and their refpertive Hands and Seals to authorize and empower fuch Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Prefence of a Conltableor other lawful Officers of th6 Peace, toeuter into all and every fuch Place or Places where he or they (hall fo fuf-pect fuch Malt to be fo depofited, hid or concealed, and to feize and 4arry away all fuch Malt which he or they (hall then and there fiod, together with the Pack ages containing the fame, and every fuch Conilable or other lawful Officer of the Peace (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required, on being thereto requefted by any fuch Officer or Officers of Excife to go along with him or them, and to be prefent at the Execution of every fuch Warrant, and if any Per-fon or Perfons whatever (hall let, obftrurt or hinder any fuch Officer or Officers fo authorized or empowered, or any other Perfon or Per-fons afting ip his or their Aid or Afliltance in the Execution of any fuch Warrant, from enteriug any fuch Place or Places where fuch Officer or Officers (hall fo fufpeCt fuch Malt to be fo depofited, hid or coocealed, or in feizing or carrying away the fame or the Packages containing the fame, or in the due Execution of any fuch Warrant, the Perfon and Perfons fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch Offence feverally forfeit the Sum ofOne hundred Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further cnarted, That nothing in this Art contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to hinder or prevent any Perfon or Perfons from making Malt in Great Britain for Exportation, without Payment of any of the

Duties

Digitized by k^OOQLe

A.D.t8io.

50° GEO. III.

C. 53-	*35

Doties on Malt, or from exporting Malt fo made to Ireland, under aod according to the Reftrittions, Rules and Regulations, and fub-jeft to the Penalties and Forfeitures provided or enafted by any Law or Laws now in force with regard to the making of Malt for Exportation, and fecuring and exporting the fame, without being charged with the Duties from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas.

XVI. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons OV.flrudinj whatfoever (hall affault, refill, oppofe, moled, obftruft or hinder any Officers, &c. Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Aft or of any of the Power3 or Anthorities hereby given or granted to any fuch Officer or Officers, or (hall by Force or Violence, after the fame (hall h*ve been feized by fuch Officer or Officers, refeue or caufe to be refeued any Malt entered for Exportation from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, or (hall attempt or endeavour fo to do, or after fuch Seizure, or whilfl any fuch Officer or Officers is or are attempting to feize any fuch Malt, (hall deflroy or damage fuch Malt, or any Part thereof, all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall for every fuch Offence, for which no other Penalty is particularly provided by this Aft, for- Penalty, feit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIT. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Bribing Officer*, whatsoever (hall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompcnce or Reward whatfoever to any Officer or Officers of Excife, to connive at or permit any Malt entered for Exportation from any Part' of '

Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, to be run on Shore, or to connive at any falfe or (hort Entry of any fuch Malt, or (hall give or offer tP give any Bribe, Rccompence or Reward wdiatfoever, in order to corrupt, perfuade or prevail upon any fuch Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Aft or Afts, Thing or Things whatfoever, contrary to the Duty of fuch Officer or Officers in Execution of this Aft or of the faid Aft made in this Seffion of Parliament, or to negieft to do or perform any Aft or Afts, or Thing or Thiivgs whatfoever, belonging or appertaining to the Bufinefs and Duty of fuch Officer or Officers in Execution of thw or the laid Aft, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any fuch Malt, or not to difeoverthe fame, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall for each and every luch Offence, whether the fame Offer or Propofal be accepted or not, forfeit and Penalty, lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures impofed by this Aft (hall be fued for, recovered, levied recovered.

or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weflminfter, or in the Court of Excho^uer in Scotland refpeftively, and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall be to His Majeity, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Powers, Former Atfs m Dhneftions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and forcT’

Things, which in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the ^2>24 r* ** Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An Alt for taking

outay the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in sapite, and ly

K4

Digitized by

by Google

A.D.i8i0.

Gommfiuement ot A&.

3<)G. 3. c. 100. revivetl and c»n-linued till March 25, j 811.

3$ 8c4pG. 3.

O. 8i.

41U0. ^U.K.)

c. 97.

4 2 G. a. c. 70.

44 G 0 C. 86.

46	G. 3. e.;)4.

47	G. J.Sdf 2. c. 51.

4 S G* 3. C. 86.

C. 53,54.	.	jer	GEO.	IU.

Knights Service and Purveyance ; and for fettling a Revenue upon ITts Majefty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now ill force relating to Hid Majefty *s Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftablifhed for -managing* raifmg, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or aicertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in fuch Cafes for which other Penalties or Provifions are made and prefenbed by this Adt) (hall be pradtifed, ufed and put in Execution in the managing, raifmg levying, col-ledting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties hereby granted, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto as fully and effedtually as if all and every the laid Powers, Rules, Diredt'ons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauies, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacled in this prefent Adt.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Adt (hall commence and take effect as to all fuch Matters and Things therein contained, in refpedl whereof no Ipecial Commencement is hereby directed oy provided, from and immediately after the Firft Day of December One thoufaud eight hundred and ten, and (hall remain and con* tinue in force during the Continuance of the faid Adt, made in this Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. LTV.

An Adt to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thduLnd -eight hundred and eleven, an Adt of the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Britiflj Filherics. -

[(;th June 1810.3

*	HEREAS	the	Law hereinafter mentioned has by E.xperi-

*	Vt .ence been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient

*	that the fame (hould be rev ved and further continued Be it therefore enadted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign fo His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to revive and continue, until the End of the nest Sffion of Parliament, an Ad made in the Thirty fifth Tear of the Reign of His Majcjlv, to continue and amend an Art, made in the Twenty jixth Tear of the Reign of His Majefty, intituled, An Act for the more ejj\ dual Encouragement of the Britifh Fifhcries ; and to a mind an Ad made in the Twenty fisth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefiy, for extending the Fftherits, and improving the Sea Coad of this Kingdom ; which was amended and continued by an Adt of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of H s prefent •Majefty, and revived, amended and continued by Six Adts, of the Forty firft, Forty fecund, Forty fourth. Forty fixth, Forty feventh and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, fnall from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March be revived, and the fame is hereby revived and further continued until the Twenty filth Day of Mach One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and all the Powers and Provifious of the faid Adi hereby revived and continued, as to the Payment of Bounties, and all other Claufes,

Reftridtions,

Digitized by Google

A.D.jSio.

jd° GEO. III.

C. 54, 55.

137

Reftri&ions, Matters1 and Things, fhall be executed, allowed and put in force, as if the faid Adi had been continued before the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

CAP. LV.

An A cl to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk, Crapes ancj Tiffanies, and to increafe the Shares of Seizures payable to OiHcers in refpedl of Foreign wrought Silks and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves.	[9th June 1810.]

*	HEREAS it is expedient to prohibit the Importation

*	into Great Britain and the Iflands of Gucrnfey, Jer*

*	feyy Alderney, Sari and Man, of Foreign Silk, Crapes and Tiffar 4 nies of evt-ry Defcription, except of China or the Eafi Indies Be it therefore enabled by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spintual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament; afftmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies of any Defcription whatever, except of China or the jE'ljl Indies, imported for Exportation, (hall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be imported, brought, or conveyed into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Aider-ney, Sari or Man; and if any fuch Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffar nies (hall be found in the Cullody or Poffcflion of any Perfon or Perfons in Great Britain or the Iflands aforefaid, and which (hall not have been imported, brought or conveyed into the fame refpeitively, and on which the proper Duty of Cufloms fhall not have been paid before the paffmg of this A Cl, the fame (hall be forfeited ; and in cafe any fuch Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies fhall, at the Time of the Importation, be mixed with, fewed or made up with any Apparel, Garment or Furniture or other Materials, all fuch Foreign Silk, Crapes and Tiffanies, and alfo the Apparel, Garment or Furniture, and other Materials, in, with or upon which the fame (hall be mixed, fewed or made up, fhall be forfeited, and the Importer and Importers, and the Perfon and Perfons in whofe Cuitody or Poffeflion the faid Crapes or Tiffanies, or Apparel, Garment or Furniture or other Materials fhall be found, or who (hall vend, utter, fell orexpofe to fale, or otberwife difpofe of any fuch Crapes or Tiffanies, or Apparel, Garment, Furniture or other Materials, or who (hall few, work or make up any fuch Crapes or Tiffanies in Great Britain, or the Iflands afore-faid, for, or in or upon any Garn ent or wearing Apparel, (lull be fubject and liable to the lik * Penalties to winch the Importers and Perfons having in their Cullody or Poffeflion, or vending, uttering, felling or expofmg to fale, or otberwife difpoflng or fewing, working or making up any Foreign vv:ought Silks or Velvets are fubjedt and liable by an Act paffed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Adi impofed fhall be fued for, pmfecuted and recovered in the fame Manner and by the fame Wavs, Means and Methods, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Reflridtions in every refpedl as the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Offence againft the faid recited Adi

-	of

Importing Foreign Silt, Cr«jx\s, &<* (except of China or the Incite* forE\p< nation•; PcuallJ.

If made up with

A|>parc!,\c.l>oth

forfeited-

Importer, Seller, &c.	*

Penally.

6 G.U. c. IS.

Penalties how recovered.

Digitized by G.ooQle

i38

6 G. 3. e. 38.

IVvIuce of Sei-

sui*.

How dftpafod of.

1 G. i. Stw.l. c« *7 •

§ 13.

C. 55,56.	S°° CEO* HE	A.D.1810.

of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Hi« prefent Majefty, may be fued for, profecuted and recoTered; and upon the Condemnation of any Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies hereby prohibited from being imported into Great Britain and the Iflands aforefaid, the fame (hall be pub-lickly fold for Exportation only, under the like Security as is provided with refpefl to Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets feized under the Authority of the faid recited A61.

III. And whereas it is expedient to give further Encouragement to Officers of the Cuftoms to induce them to he adfive in Teizing Foreign wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes and Tiffanies, and Foreign manufa&ured Leather Gloves; Be it therefore enabled, That in lieu and inftead of the Shares now allowed by Law for fuch Seizures, every Officer and Officers of the Cuftoms by whom any fuch Foreign wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes or Tiffanies, or Foreign manufadured Leather Gloves (hall be feized, (hall, from and after the palling of this A61, be entitled to Two Third Parts of the Grofs Produce anfing by the Sale of fuch Goods, although the Boat, Veffel, Cart, Horfe or other Cattle or Carriage made ufe of in the removing, carrying or conveying of fuch Goods (hall not have been feized or profecuted, nor the Perfon or Perfons concerned in unfhipping or receiving fuch Goods, or in whofe Cuftody or Poffeffion the lame (hall have been found and feized, (hall not have been difeovered and made known by fuch^Offictr or Officers of the Cuftoms, fo that he, (he or they may be profecuted for fuch Offence, and all Charges and Expences attending the Condemnation and Sale of the Gooas (hall be dedutled out of the remaining One Third payable to His Majefty 5 any thing contained in any A 61 or A61s of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

CAP. LVI.

An A61 to explain and amend an A& pafi'edinthe laft Scflion of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual fevefid Duties of One Shilling ami Six pence in the Pound, repealed by an A61 of the lad Seffion of Parliament on Offices and Employments of Profit, and 011 Annuities, Pcnfions and Stipends.	[9th	June 1810.]

4 TT 7 HE RE AS by an A 61 patted in the Seventh Year of the 4 VV Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled, 4 An A8 for railing a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thoufand 4 Pounds by charging Annuities at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cen-4 turn per Annum, upon the Civil Lift Revenues, till redeemed by the 4 Crown ; and for enabling His Mayfly, His Heirs or SuceeJJbrs (by 4 caufing fuch a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to 4 make good to the Civil Lifts the Payments which Jhall have been 4 made upon the faid Annuities ; and for borrowing upon certain Lot-4 tery Tic Sets ; and for discharging the Corporations for AJfurances 4 of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to His Majefty} 4 and for making good a Deficiency to the Eaft India Company ; it was, 4 among other things, ena&ed, that it might be lawful for His Ma-• jefty to eaufe a Dedu61ion to be made not exceeding Six pence in 4 the Pound, out of all Monies which after the Firft Day of Auguft 9 ibould be paid for or upon all Peofions and Annuities, payable

4 up#n

Digitized by

Google

AJXjBio.

139

50° GEO. III.	C. S<L

*	upon any of the land Hereditary or Temporary Duties, for and 4 upon ail Salaries, Fees and Wages payable for or in refpeft of

*	Offices of Profit, granted by or derived from the Crown, with 4 certain Exceptions therein particularly fpecificd : And whereas by 4 another A ft pa fled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His faid q t c f 4 late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An Aft for granting ^ 26.

4 to His Majejiy Jjc Sum of One Million, to be raifed by way of Lotte-4 ry, the faid Dedu&ions were further continued for the Purpofes 4 in the faid AS mentioned: And whereas by another Aft pafTed .uC.i.c. 29.

*	ia the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King 4 George the Second, intituled. An Aft for granting to His Majejiy 4 feveral Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penjions, and upon H/ufes,

4 and upon Windows or Lights, and for raiftng the Sum of Five Mil-	§	1.

4 lions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the faid Rates and 4 Duties9 it was, among other things, ena&ed, that there fhould 4 be yearly raifed, levied and paid to His Majefty, his Heirs and 4 Succeffors, the Sum of One Shilling, over and above all other 4 Duties already charged or payable, for every Twenty Shillings of 4 the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees and Perquifttes in-4 cident to, or received for or in nefpeft of all Offices and Employ-4 ments of Profit in Great Britain, and the like Sum of One Shilling 4 for every Twenty Shillings of all Peniions and other Gratuities,

4 payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majefty in Great 4 Britain, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum :

4 And whereas by another Aft paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of .32 G- s. c.33. 4 the Reign of His faid late Mujefty, King George the Second, in-4 tituled, An Ad to explain and amend an Aft made in the lafl SeJJion 4 of Parliament intituled, An Aft for granting to H'u Majejiy feveral 4 Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penjions, and upon Houfes, and 1 upon Windows or Lights, and for raifing the Sum of Five Millions by 4 Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the fata Rates and Duties,

4 fo far as the fame relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pen-4 /tens, certain Provifions were made for colle&ing and paying the faid 4 lift mentioned Duty of One Shilling in the Pound: and whereas by tjG. 3. c. 13. 4 another Aft pafled in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of § 4?«

4 His prefent Majefty,	intituled,	An	Aft for	repealing the feveral

4 Duties of Cujloms and Excife,	and	granting	other Duties in lieu

4 thereof andfor applying the faid Duties together with the other Dutici 4 compofmg the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain 4 Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufafture of the 4 European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom ; and for 4 applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the 4 Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduftion of the National Debt,

1 the faid rel'peftive Duties of Six pence and One Shilling were carried 4 to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund: And whereas by sfi'G-a. c* *• 4 another Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His prefent Majefty,	intituled,	An	Aft for	continuing to His Ma-

4 jetty certain Duties on	Malt, Sugar,	Tobacco	and Snuff, in Great

4 Britain and on Penjions and Offices in England ; and fur repealing fo 4 much of certain Afts as relate to certain Duties of Six pence and One 4 Shilling refpeftively on Offices and Penjions ; and for regulating the 4 faid Duties of Six pence and One Shilling rifpeftively, and the faid 4 other Duties, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight bun-l dred and eight, by which the faid recited Afts pafled in the Seventh {

* and

Digitized by Google

*4»

A.D.«8io.

i i».

i *»■

49 G. 3. C. § 1.

C.5&	so°	GEO.	III.

•	and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His laid late Majefty King*

*	George the Firft, and the faid lecited Ads in the Thirty firfh and

♦	Thirty fecond Years of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King-

*	George the Second, and in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of

•	His prefentMajefty refpedively, fo far as the fame relate to the faid 4 Duties of Six pence and One Shilling in the Pound refpedively,

*	ihould from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-'

4 fand eight hundred and eight, be and the fame were thereby repealed 4 with an Exception therein mentioned : and it was by the faid laft re-

*	cited Ad enaded, that for and upon all Penfions charged upon any

♦	of His Majefty’a Revenues, or any Rates or Duties granted to Hisr 4 Majefty, or upou the Contingent Fund, Fees or Incidents of any*

4 Office, or upon an Publick Monies, andalfo upon all Salaries, Fees 4 or Wages, payable for or in refped of any Offices of Profit granted

•	by or derived from the Crown, upon, for or in refped of which 4 before the parting of this Ad, the faid Dedudion of Six pence in 4 the Pound was charged or chargeable, there (hould be impofed a

*	Duty of Six pence in the Pound, and for and upon every Twenty 4 Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees and 4 Perquisites, incident to or received for or in refped of all Offices and

•	Employments of Profit, and for every Twenty Shillings of all ‘ Ponlions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging

♦	to Iijs Majefty in Great Britain, or out of the Contingent Fund,

4 Fees or Incidents of any Office, or out of any Publick Monies 1 exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and in 4 refped of which Penfions or other Gratuities, before the palling of 4 the faid laft recited Ad, the faid Dedudion of One Shilling in the 4 Pound was charged or chargeable, or made or liable to be made,

4 there fhonld be charged a Duty of One Shilling; and it was by 4 the faid laft recited Ad further enaded, That the faid ieveral 4 Duties of Six pence and One Shilling refpedivelv, by the faid Ad 4 granted, (hould be charged rrd chargeable for One Year, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and

c*. 4 eight: And whereas another Ad was parted in the laft Seffion of 4 Parliament, intituled. An A3 for continuing and making perpetual 4 feveral Dufies of One Shilling and Six pence, repealed by an A3 of 4 the lajl Seffion of Parliament, on Offices and Employments nf Profit, 4 and '.it Annuities, Penfions and Stipends, and thereby grantedfor one

*	Tear to the Twenty fifth Das of March One thoufand eight hundred 4 and tiiney by which it was enaded, That from and after the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, there 4 Humid be aflerted, raifed, levied and paid, unto and for the Ufe of 4 His Majefty, his Heirs and Succertbrs, upon all Annuities, Penfions, 4 Stipends and other Payments, Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perqui-4 fites, as fet forth in the Schedule to the faid Ad annexed, the feve-4 ral Rates and Duties refpedively inferted and contained therein : And 4 whereas Doubts have arifen whether the Rates and Duties fpecified 4 in fuch Schedule extend to the faid Duties of Six pence and One 4 Shilling refpedively, charged and chargeable in Scotland, by the 4 faid recited Ads parted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His 4 faid late Majefty King George the Firft. and in the Thirty firft Year 4 of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King George the Second He it it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice aod Confent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal,

and

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io~

50° GEO. III. ' C. 56,57, j8.	14c

and Commons, in this prefent Parliament' afletftbled, and by the

Authority of the feme, That the faid Duties of Six pence and One The Duties ot

•Shilling respectively, (hall be afleffed, raifed, levied and paid in Scot-	and is. to

laud, for the Parpofes dinefted by the feid laft recited Aft, for and	m

inrrfpedof all Penfions and Annuities, and for and in refpeft of all

Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquifites, and for and in nefpeft of all

Peofioos or Gratuities, for or in refpeft of which or of anv of which

the laid Duties were refpeftively charged or chargeable in Scotiandi

prior to the palling of the feid laft recited Aft, by virtue of the feid

Two recited Afts, pafled. in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His

fad bte Majefty King George the Firft, and in the Thirty firft Year

of the Reign of His feid late Majefty King George the Second, or

hr virtue of any Aft or Afts pafled prior to the palling of the feid

bit redted Aft pafled in the lafb Seffion of Parliament, in the man- 43 G. 3. e. 2.

ner ra which the feme were refpeftivcly railed, affefled, levied and

pdd prior to the pafliug of the feid recited Aft pafled in the Forty

eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

CAP. LVIT.

An Aft to revive and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March Oae thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, an Aft of the Twenty third Ydar of His prefent Majjfty, for the more effeftual Encouragement of the Manufact ure of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.*	, [9th June	1810.]

* TY7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience 4 W been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the 4 fame Ihould be revived and further continuedBe it therefore en-a&-d by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, bv and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign 23 G. a. <*. 77. of H:s prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 for the more cjf<.dual Encuu•	and	<*>»•-

tagent ni of the Manufacture of Flax and C'.tton in Gre’ft. Britain ;	*

which was to continue in force for Two Years from the Firft Day of c^’t CPrt.lV1 January One thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to Drawbacks, the Eud of the then next Scflion of Parliament ; and which faid Aft was by feveral fuhfequent Afts further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, Avail be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth Day al March One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, except to much thereof as relates to allowing a Drawoack of the Dirties of Cuftomsonthe Importation of Brimftoae ufed and con. famed in nuking Oil of V'itriol.

C A P. LVIII.

An Aft to amend feveral Afts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.	[9th	June	1810.]

Digitized by Google

AJXi8io.

142

§2.

49G..3. c. 67.

Time extended.

+Q G. 3.c. 116.

§7B.

0.58*	50°	GEO.	m.

* confolidating the feveral Ads faffed for the Redemption and Sale if the 4 Land Tax, and to make further Provifion for exonerating Small Lrv-4 ings and Charitable Injlitutions from the Land Tax, the Comratf* 4 flowers appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the 4 Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purpose of regulatings dhrec-

*	ting, approving and confirming Sales for the Redemption of the

*	Land Tax, were authorized at any time within the Space of Two 4 Years after the palling of the faia Aft to direft the Exoneration 4 and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Mefluages, Lands, 4 Tenement* and other Hereditaments belonging to any Living* or 4 other Eccleflailical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions under the 4 Reftriftions and Regulations therein contained: And whereas by 4 an Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty for amending the faid laft mentioned A A, and for making 4 further Provifion for exonerating Small Livings and Charitable 4 Inftitutions from the Land Tax, it was enafted that, it fhould and 4 might be lawful for the faid Commilfioners at any time within the

*	Space of Eighteen Calendar Months, after the palling the faid

*	Aft, to direft the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land Tax 4 charged upon fuch Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements or other Here-4 ditaments, in the manner and under the Direftions and Reftriftions

*	in the faid Aft mentioned or referred to: And whereas it is expe-4 dient to extend the Term limited by the faid laft mentioned Aft for 4 carrying the Purpofes thereof into Execution/ Be it therefore en~ afted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commillioners, at any time within the Space of One Year from the palling of this Aft, to direft the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon fuch MelTuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments as afore-faid, in fuch manner and under fuch Direftions and Reftriftions as in the faid Aft of tfte Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty are exprefled or referred to, in fuch and the fame manner as if fuch Com* millioners had been authorized by the faid laft mentioned Aft to direft the Exoneration and Difcharge of fuch Land Tax, at anytime within the Space of Two Years from the palling thereof; Provided that all fuch Memorials and Certificates as by the faid Aft are required to be tranfmitted to the faid Com millioners, fhnll be tranfmitted within Twelve Calendar Months from the palling of this Aft.

• II. And whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty fecond Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for confolidating 4 the Provifions of the feveral Ads faffed for the Redemption and Sale 4 of the Land Tax into One Ad, and for making further Provifion for 4 the Redemption and Sdle thereof; andfor removing Doubts refolding 4 the Right of Perfons claiming to vote at Eledions for Knights of the 4 Shire and other Members to ferve in Parliament in ref fed of MeJTuages, 4 Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which Jhall have been re» 4 deemed or fur chafed, all Corporations Aggregate are enabled by the 4 Sale of Lands, or by the Grant of Rent Charges, to provide for the

*	Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tithes

*	and other Profits of any Living or Livings in jhe Patronage of fuch 4 Corporations Aggregate refpeftively, iq Cafes where fuch Land r Tax lhall have been or (hall be redeemed by or on behalf of fuch

• Corporations

Digitized by CjOOQle

AJ3.i8io.

*43

Jo° GEO. HI.	C* 58.

« Corporations Aggregate; and it is expedient that Gmilar Powers

*	fhould be given to Corporations Sole and to Companies;9 Be it there-

fore further ena&ed, That where the Land Tax charged upon Hie Provifion for Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Protits of any Living or Livings in the	o?

Patronage of any Archbifhop, Bifhop, or other Corporation Sole, oi* fucll	8*.

any Company or Companies, (hall have been or (hall be redeemed by or	*

m the Behalf of any fuch Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies,

by virtue of any of the Proviftons of the fa id recited Ads or of tfiit Ad, it (hall be lawful for any fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, to pro-vide for fuch Redemption by Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Here* diumenu belonging to fuch Archbifhop, Bifbop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate, or Companies re fpefttvelyi or by the Grant of any Rent Charge which they could or might re-fpcctively lawfully make for the Redemption of any Lana Tax charged on the Lands belonging to fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, and the Land Tax to redeemed (hail be forthwith extinguifhed ; hut every fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop or Body Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Company, (hall neverthelefs he entitled to an Annual Rent Charge, iffuing out of fuch Living equivalent to the jknl ciiaiw Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, unlefs it (hall be declared in puiJ equivalent Writing under the Seal or Common Seal of the Archbifhop, Bifhop, to Land Tux Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregateor deemed. Companies, having fuch Right of Patronage or Nomination at the Time of prefenting or nominating any,Clerk or Clerks to luch Living or Livings, that fuch Rent Charge (hall be fufpended during his or ifn0t declared to tneir Incumbency or refpeftive Incumbencies, which Declaration the fufpended Archbifhop, Bifhop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether during Ineun-Sole or Aggregate or Companies, entitled to nominate to fucli Living bencJ* or Livings, (hall from time to time be competent to make : Provided always, that fuch Sufpenfion (hall be without Prejudice to the Right of the faid Archbifhop, Bifhop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies relpeftively, to recover fuch Rent Charge after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided alfo, that any Declaration made by any fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop, Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, at the time of redeeming the faid Land Tax, fhall be 9$ available during the Incumbency of the then Reftor, Vicar or Curate, as if it had been made at the Time of his being preferred to fuch Living.

4 III. And whereas it is expedient to make Provifions for the En-

*	rolment or Regiftry of Deeds which have not been duly enrolled

*	or regiftered purfuant to the Directions of the faid recited Afts of

*	the Forty fecond and Forty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty,

1 and of the feveral other Afts pafTed relating to the Redemption

*	of the Land Tax/ Beit therefore ena&cd, That all Deeds re- What Der«l» tu quired by the faid recited Aft or any other Afts relating to the Re- he rrg'.llrrcd demotion of Land Tax, to he enrolled or regiftered, (hail be valid and within a Year, effectual, although the fame (hall not have been or (hall not be enrolled

or regiftered within the Periods preferibed by the faid Afts refpec-lively ; Provided the fame fhall have been enrolled or regiftered before the palling of this Aft, or fhall be enrolled ot regiftered within Twelve Calendar Months after the pafling thereof.

• IV. And whereas in feveral Parifhes or Places in Great Britain

« the

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8id»

C. 58, 59.	$6b	GEO.	III.

Rewards for taking Deferters.

*	the'Whole of the Land Tax charged thereon has been or may1

*	be exonerated by Redemption or Purchafe, by reafon whereof ther£ ‘ may not be any Funds in the Hands of the Colle&ors of the Land

*	Tax to pay Rewards for apprehending Deferters which by Law 4 are made payable out of the Land Tax in the Hands of fuch

*	Colle&ors For Remedy whereof. Be it~therefore enabled, That from and after the palling of this A 61 in every Parifh or Place in Great Britain, where the Whole of the Land Tax has been or fhali be redeemed, it (hall be lawful for the Colledlors of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, aud they are hereby required, upon any Order* lof pay Rewards for apprehending Deferters, to pay the fame out of any Monies in their Hands anting from any of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, in fuch manner and under fuch Reffri&ions and- Regulations as are by Law now applicable to the Payment of ftich Rewards out of the Land Tax; Provided that the Receiver General of the faid Duties (hall from time to time replace the faid Duties of A fit fled Taxes out of any Monies of the Land Tax in his Hands at fuch times and in fuch manner as the Commifiioners for the Affair.* of Taxes (hall direct, and the Monies fo paid (hail be allowed to him in his Accounts of the faid Land Tax.

CAP. LIX.

Embezzling Money il’ucd for jTuUick Services. Mifckmcanor,

&c.

GfEe< rs giving iu Jalfe Statement* of JVloi.cy en-trutted to their Core.

Mifdemcanor,

&c.

An A& for more effe&ually preventing the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Public, by any Colle&or, Receiver, or other Perfon entrufted with the Receipt, Care or Management thereof. [9th June 1810.]

1 TT7HEREAS it is mod expedient that due Provifion fhould be

*	VV made more cffcclually to prevent the Embezzlement of 4 Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Publick, by any

*	Colletlor, Receiver or other Officer entruiled with the Receipt, 4 Cuftody or Management thereof :J Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Mod Exceliei t Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon or Pcrfons to whom any Money or Securities for Money fhali be iflued for Publick Services, fhali from and after the paffing of this A6t embezzle fuch Money, or in any manner fraudulently apply the fame to his own Ufe or Benefit, or for any Purpofe what-* ever except for Publick Services, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law, in rny Part of the United Kingdom, fliall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and fhali be fentenced to be trani'ported beyond the Sea, or to receive fuch other Puniffiment as may by Law be infli&ed on Perfons guilty of Mifjflemoauors, and as the Court before which fuch Offenders may be tried and convicted fhali adjudge.

II. And be it further cn&dtcd, That if any fuch Officer, Colle6lor or Receiver fo entrufted with the Receipt, Cuilody or Management of any Part of the Publick Revenues, fliall knowingly furnim falfe Statements or Returns of the Sums of Money collected by him of entruiled to his Care, or of the Balances of Money in his Hands or under his Controul, fnch Officer, Collector or Receiver fo offend* ing, and being thereof convidted, fliall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdc*

4	meaner.

Digitized by LjOOQle

AJDrl8f6*

50° GEO. til.	C.	59,60.	145

fteaoor,and (hall be adjudged to fuffer the Puri! ftiment of Fineand Im-prilbomcnt, at the Difcretion of the Court, and be rendered for cvetf loopable of holding or Enjoying any Office under the Cfown*

CAP. Lt

An A EL for permitting the Exportation to Newfoundland ot Foreign Salt, Duty-free, from the Import Warehoufes at the Port of Bri/lol j and for repealing fo much of an Aft of the laft Selfion as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe Sooth of Cape Fimfierre, to be (hipped in any Pott of Europe dire&to certain Ports in North America. [9th June 1810.]

*	\JLJ HERE AS by an Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year of the 89 G. a.c.65.

1 V? Reign of His prefent Majefty, among other Things, for

*	amending an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of ^

*	His preler.t Majefty, for transferring the Management of the Salt

*	Duties to the Commiflioners of Excife, reciting, among other 4 Things, that it was expedient to allow any fuch Foreign Salt as is in

*	the laid Aft in that fechalf mentioned, to be taken from and out*

*	of any fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar, as is in the faid

*	Aft mentioned, for the Purpofe in the faid Aft of the Thirty

*	ninth Year aforefaid mentioned, it is enafted that it (hall and may lie *

4 lawful to or for any Perfon or Perfons within Twelve Months after

4 the Importation and landing thereof, to take, free of Duty, for 4 the Purpofe of exporting tne fame in any Ship or Veffel not of 4 lef6 Burthen than Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod 4 Fi(h, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding 4 Fifty Bufhels at a Time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any 4 Import Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar, at either of the Ports 4 of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glafgoru, in which the fame had

*	been put in manner in the faid laft mentioned Aft mentioned, on 4 giving fuch Bond or Security as is in the faid laft mentioned Aft

*	mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Exportation

*	of any fuch Foreign Salt from the Port of Bri/lol in manner and ‘ for the Purpofe aforefaid Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, fame,

That from and after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight Foreign Salt •*-hundred and ten, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon P°rte}jt0 or Perfons within Twelve Months after the Importation and Land- i^rt Ware*1 »g thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpofe of immediately houfesmBritM, exporting the fame in any Ship or Veffel not of lefs Burthen than Duty-free. Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fifli, Ling or Hak», to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding Fifty Bnfhels at a Time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehoufe*

Storehoufe or Cellar, at the Port of Bri/lol, in which the fame has been put according to the Regulations of the faid Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, upon giving the like Bond or Security* asd under, fubjeft and according to the Rules, Regulations, Re-ftriftioss aad Provifions by the faid Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid* provided, fettled or eftablifhed,' for or in reipeft of Foreign Salt taken free of Duty for the Purpofe aforefaid, from and 50 Geo. III.	L	out

Digitized by

146

AJXiSio,

C. 6o, 61,	50^	GEO.	Ill*

Regulations of 39 G. 3.c. 65. extended to Elillol.

49 G. 3. e. 47. § 1. a.s to Salt repealed.

out of any Import Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar^ at the faid Ports of Pooler Dartmouth, Falmouth and Glafgow refpeftively.

II. And be it further enafted, That all and Angular the Rules* Regulations, Reftriftions, Provifions, Matters and Things which are, in or by the faid Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year atorefaid, contained, provided, fettled or eftablilhed, for or in refpeft of or relating to the taking from or out of any Import Warehoufc, Storehoufe or Cellar, at either of the faid Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glafgow, Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for the Purpofes in the faid Aft of the Thirty ninth Year aforelaid mentioned, (hall be ob-fervfcd, praftifed, applied and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the taking from or out of any Import Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar, at the faid Port of Brijlol, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and Angular the faid Rules, Regulations, ReftriftioMS, Provifions, Matters and Things had been inferted and rc-enafted in this Aft, and hereby cxprefsly enafted for and io refpeft of any fuch Foreig Salt as laft aforefaid.

III. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, fo much of the Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majclty, intituled, An Aft to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, to he laden andjhipped on board Ships arriving with BritifK North American Produce, and Fiji taken by Settlers in the Britifh North American Colonies at any Port of Europe, in Order to be exported to the principal Ports in the BritifK Colonies and Plantations in North America, as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe, South of Cape Fini/lerre, to be (hipped and laden in any Port or Place whatever, in luch Parts of Europe for Exportation direft to the feveral Ports in North America, in the faid Aft particularly enumerated, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

C A P. LXI.

An Aft for making Sugar and Coffee, of Guadaloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, liable to the fame Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the Britifh Plantations-

£yth June 1810.]

B TT 7 HERE AS the IAandsof Guadaloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint * VY Martin and Saba, in the IVeJl Indies, have been furren-4 dered to His Majelty’s Arms, aod are now in His MajeAy’s Pof-4 feffion, in confequence whereof the Trade of the faid Iflands is 4 now by Law to be carried on in the fame manner as the Trade 4 of the other Britifh Colonies and Plantations in the IVeJl Indies : 4 And whereas it is expedient at prefent that Sugar aod Coffee, the 4 Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the faid Iflands, fhould not 4 be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom upon the fame 4 Terms as Sugar and Coffee of the Britifh PlantationsBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the , Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the I (lands of Gaudaloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saha, imported into this Kingdom, fhall be fubjeft to the Payment

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.i8io.

5o° GEO. III.

C. 61,62.

M7

of fuch Duties, and alfo to fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by Law impofed and provided in the Cafe of Importations of Sugar and Coffee not of the Britifb Plantations, any Law, Cuftom or Ufageto the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXir.

An AQ. for the more effe&ual Prevention of Smuggling in the

IJle of Man.	[9th June	1810.]

WHEREAS divers Laws have been made within thefe late Years for the more effeftual preventing of Smuggling in the United Kingdom, and it is expedient that certain of the Provifions and Regulations therein contained fhould be extended to the IJle of * Man, and alfo that fome further Provifions and Regulations appli-4 cable to that Ifland fhould be made for the fame important Objeft ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fropi and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, every Perfon being a Subjeft of His Majefty, who (hall be found or taken on board or difcovered to have been on board any Ship, Veffel or Boat found or difcovered to have been within any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to the IJle of Man, or at anchor or hovering within Three Leagues of the Shores thereof, fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat having on board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt liable to Forfeiture by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Aft, and who fhall not prove that he was only a Paffenger on board fuch Ship, Veftel or Boat, and every Perfon found aiding or aflifting in unfhipping any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, being illegally on board fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, within the Limits of any of the Ports of the faid Hie without Payment of the Duties due thereon, or having, or who (hall be found carrying, conveying, concealing ©r aflifting in the carrying, conveying or concealing any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, which fhall have been clandeftinely imported or illegally landed in the faid Ifle, or who fhall be found aiding or aflifting in the loading or putting into any Ship, Veffel or Boat for the Purpofe of being exported from the faid Ifle, any Spirits,' Tea* Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods fo illegally unfhipped, carried away, conveyed or concealed, or loaded or put off for the Purpofe or Exportation at the Option and fubjeft to the Eleftion and Difcretion of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England; and every fuch Offence may be enquired of, examined, tried and determined in any Courts to be holden in His Majefty’s Name, dr by virtue of his Authority in the faid IJle of Man, according to the ufual Courfe of Proceeding in fuch Courts refpec-tively, at the Eleftion of the faid CommiflioHers. '

II. Ahd be it further enafted, That the Statement, Allegation or Averment of the Faft, that the faid Commiflioners bad made fuch Option or Eleftion, or exercifed fuch Difcretion in the Information for the Recovery of either the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods, fhall be deemed and taken to be fuf-ficient Evidence to found or warrant a Conviftion on fuch Informa-

L 2	tion

Perf.ms found on hoard VefleU of employed in unripping Spirits, &o.

or in loading Spirits, 8tc.

Penalty.

Offences where tried. *

Averment that Commiffiouers of Cuftoms have made Election as to Penalty admitted.

Digitized by CjOOQle

C.6z.

AJ).i8fo. .

50° GEO- HI..

tion without any Further or other Evidence of the Fa& that the Com-miflioners had made fuch Option or Election, or exercifed fuch Dif-5 G. 3. c. 39. cretion ; and all the Powers and Authorities of an A& paffed in the fcir Recovery of Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 Penalties ex- jor fa more effectually preventing the Mifcbiefs arifing to the Revenue tf) ™ and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clan-define Trade to and from, the Ifle of Man, in relation to the iffuing of Procefs in the faid ljle of Man, and requiring Bail of the Offenders, and all the Provifions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained for compelling the Appearance of Perfons redding and being in the IJlrof Man% either to anfwer any Information exhibited in any of the Courts in the faid Ifle, or to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Caufe therein depending, (hall extend and be deemed, conftrued and taken to.extend to, and (hall apply and be in full Force and put in Execution in every cafe where any Information (hall be exhibited in any of the faid Courts for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the (aid Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Pains, Penalties ar»d Forfeitures were repeated and re-enaCted in this ACt.

Officers of the HI. And be it further euaCted, That it (hall be lawful for any Army, &c. may Commifljoned Officer of the Army, or the Militia while embodied, Perfons found*in or.for any Commiffioned Officer of any other of His Majefty *s Mili-Vdfeli,	tary Fqrces while on Service in t[ie faid Ifle of Manj or for any

Coipmiffiooed Officer of the Navy oi Marines, or for any Officer of the Cuftoms, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and tequired to (top, arreft and detain any Perfon. being a SubieCt of His Majefty, who ffiall be found on board any Ship, Veffel or Boat found or difeovered to hare been within any JBay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to the Ifle of Man, -or‘at anchor or hovering within Three Leagues of the Shores thereof, having oo board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, liable to Forfeiture by any Ad of Parliameqt in force on and immediately before the paf-fmg of this Ad, or who (ball be found aiding or affifting-in the un(hipping any Spirits, Tea, 'Tobacco, Coffee or Salt within the JLiiqits qfany of the Ports of the faid IJlp of without Payment of the Ditties due thereon, or who (hall be found .earthing, conveying or. concealing, or affifting in the carryiqg away, conveying or concealing *ny Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, which (haft have been clandeftinely imported or illegally landed in the faid Jfle, or who (hall be found aiding or affifting in loading or putting into any Ship, Veffel or Boat, any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, for the Purpofe of being exported from the faid Ifle, and May convey _ to convey him before the Governor, Deputy Governor, or a Deemller vemor°&c	there, who is and are hereby authorized and required, upon .Proof

*	on Oath (which he and they is and are hereby authorized and re-

quired to adnunifter) by On** or more credible JVituefs or Wit-neffes, th^t fuch Perfon was fo found or taken, or haying been on board any iuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, or aiding or afliftinjr in fuch uuihipping, carrying away, conveying or concealingof Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, without Payment of the Duties, or in the loading or putting into any Ship, Veffel or Boat, any Spirit?, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, for the Purpofe of being exported from the faid Ifle, unlefs any fuch Perfon found on board of any fuch Ship, Veffel or £oat, Audi prove to the Satisfaction of fuch Governor or

Deputy

Digitized by Google

AJ).i8ro»	50*	GEO. IIL	C.62.

Deputy Governor, dr Deemffter, that he was only a Paffenger on board iiich Ship, Veffrl or Boat, to hold fuch Perfon to Bail, with Two good and fufRuent Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of fuch Perfon to anfwer to any Information that may be brought againft him in that Behalf in the faid IJle of Man, and to pay fuch Penalty* and abide any Judgment for any fuch Offeece; and in Default of any fuch Perfon finding.good and fuffici-ent Bail as aforefaid, or until the fame (hall be found, to commit fuch PerfoB to any Goal or Prifou* or Jioufe of Corre&ion, in the faid Ifle, to anfwer as aforefaid: Provided neverthelefs, that if any Perfon fo found, or difcovered and taken, arretted or detained, is capable anddeiirous of entering and ferving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, or being a Seaman or Seafaring Man, is fit and able to ferve His Majefty, it (hall be lawful for the Officer or Officer* of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or of theCuftoms, by whom fuch Perfon was taken, arretted and detained as aforefaid, or the Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfler, before whom any fuch Perfon may be carried, and fuch Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required, inflead of taking fuch Perfon before the Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfler, ana fuch Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfler, is and are hereby authorized, inftead of bolding any fuch Perfon to Bail, to carry and convey, or caufe to be carried or conveyed, foch Perfon on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a Seaman or Marine 5 or any fuch Perfon being a Seaman or a Seafaring. Man may, if tit and able to ferve His Majefty, be impreffed itfto His Majefty V Naval Service, and for that Purpofe may be conveyed to any Ship or Veflel of War in His Majefty's Service, or delivered over to any Officer employed in His Majefty's Impreft Service j and fuch Perfon being fo entered and received or impreffed, fhail not on any Account be difebarged from His Majefty’s Service during the Terra of Five Years, and from thence until the Conclufionof any War in which His Majefty may he engaged at the Period of the Expiration of fuch Five Years, unlels difabtea within that Time by unavoidable Accident or bodily. lhfirraity ; and any Officer of His Majefty's Navy or Marines, who (hall prefume knowingly and wilfully to dif-ebarge any Perfon fo entered and received or imprefTed as aforefaid contrary to this A A, or fhail by falfe Mufter or Certificate, or in con* federation of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collufive or evafive Ways or Means whatfoever, fuffer or permit any fuch Perfon to avoid the a&ual Service hereby intended, every fuch Officer {hall, on Convi&ion for any fuch Offence, either by any Court Martial, or on any Information filed by His Majefly’s Attorney General,be cafhiered: Provided always, that no Perfon fo taken, arrefled or detained, and entering as a Seaman, or being impreffed, (hall be liable to forfeit any foch Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds as afore-faid, uniefs fuch Perfon (ball thereafter defert His Majefty’s Service, or quit the fame without being duly difeharged.

IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where by rtafon of arty Perfon fo found and taken, arrefled or detained as aforefaid, entering to ferve His Majefty, or being impreffed as aforefaid, no Pepalty or Forfeiture fhail be recoverable, then, and in fuch Gafe, it fhail be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms, and they ace hereby.required on Proof made to their Satisfaftion of fuch Arreft,

L 3	Taking

M 9

BaiL

Commitment.

In what cafe may be put on board Ship of War to ferve His Majef-ty, &c.

\

Dif forcing',

fuch Ftrfuua.

Cafhiered* ' Provifo.

R#r7ard to Offi* cer wltere Penalty not recovered.

Digitized by C^ooQle

*5°

G. 62.

A.D.1810.

4>C.3. c. 191.

Power* of Seizure to Officers •i the Ar»ny,Stc,

Piwifo.

Shares to he paid to Officers in lieu of Shares of Seizures.

50° GEO. III.

Taking and Detention as aforefaid, and of fuch entering or bn-preffinginto His Majefty’s Service as aforefaid, to reward the Per-ion or Perfons who would, if any Penalty or Forfeiture had been recoverable, have been entitled to any Part thereof, with fuch Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as under all the Circumftan-ces of the Cafe (hall to fuch Commiflioners appear proper ; and every Officer of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms, detaining and convifting any Perfon or Perfons liable to be detained or profecuted under an Aft pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the Prevention of Smuggling, (hall be allowed fuch Sum of Money for fuch Perfon not exceeding Twenty Pounds, exclufive of any Share of the Penalty which may be recovered from any fuch Offender, and fuch Reward may and (hall be paid by the faid Commiflioners out of any Monies in their Hands arif-mg from tlie Duties on Foreign Spirits, Tea or Tobacco.

V.	And be it further enafted, That every Commiffioned Officer of the Army, or the Militia wjiile embodied, or any Commiffioned Officer of any other of His Majefty’s Military Forces while on Service in the faid IJle of Man, and every Commiffioned Officer of the Navy or Marines fhall have the like Powers of Seizure as are vefted in the Officers of the Cuftofns in the faid IJle of Man ; and all Powers, Authorities, Exemptions and Exceptions, and all Privileges and Pro-teftions in relation to any other Afts, Matters or Things done, or that maybe done, by any Officer of the Cuftoms, under any Aft of Parliament for the Proteftion of the Revenue of Cuftoms, or the Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain or the faid IJle of Man, fhall extend and be deemed and conftrued to extend to, and be in full Force and put in execution in all Cafes, and for all Purpofes, and be^ ufed and.cxercifed in the faid IJle of Man by any fuch Commiffioned Officer of »the Army, Militia, or the Military Forces while on Service there, or by any Commiffioned Officer of the Navy or Marines, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents, Conftruftions and Purpofes, as if the faid Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Exceptions, Privileges and Proteftions, were at large repeated and re-enafted in this Aft ; Provided, that all Ships, Veffels, Boats and Goods feized by anjr fuch Commiffioned Officers under the Provifions of this Aft,' fhall forthwith be delivered to, or lodged in the Cuftody of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms duly authorized to receive the fame, who fhall thereupon take an Account thereof, and give a Certificate that fuch Goods have been fo lodged and depofited in his Cuftody or PofTeffion.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That in lieu of the Shares now by Law allowed to Officers of the Cuftoms and other Perfons legally authorized to feize any Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, in the faid IJle of Man, the Shares hereinafter mentioned fhall be paid and allowed for and in refpeft of all fuch Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee and Salt, which fhall be made from and after the paffing of this Aft, that is to fay, in the Cafe of any fuch Seizures in any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of the faid Ifle, if the Officer of the Cuftoms or other Perfon making the fame fhall alfo arreft, flop and detain the Perfons or fome or one of them who fhall be or fhall have been employed in navigating the Ship, VeffelorBoat *<. or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt fhall b? or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, and fhall take or conveyor

Digitized by Google

5©0 GEO. III.	C	is	i

or caufceT*ry Perfonfo arreftcd,flopped or detained, to be taken orcon-rejed before the Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter of the bidlfle, or on board any of His Majelly’s Ships of War, or to any Officer employed in His Maje tty’s Impreft Service, to be dealt with as the Cafe may be agreeably to the Dire&ions of this A&, then, and in fuch Cafe,fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall, upon the Condemnation of fuch Spirits, Tobaceo, Tea, Coffee or Salt, be entitled to and (hall be paid One Moiety of the Net Proceeds thereof, and in the Cafe of fuch Seizures made on Shore in the faid Ifle, if the Officer or other Perfon making the fame fhall alfo flop, arrefl and detain the Perfons, or fome or one of them from whom the fame fhall be feized, and fhall take or carry, or caufe evenr Perfon fo arretted, flopped or detained, to be taken or carried before the faid Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter, to be dealt with according to Law, then, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Officer of the Cuftoms or other Perfons fo making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, fhall be entitled to and fhall be paid One Moiety of the Net Proceeds thereof; and in cafe of the Seizure of fuch Articles, whether on the Water or ' on Shore in the faid IJle of Man, if the Officer of theCuftom9 or other Perfon making the fame fhall alfo feize and profecute, or caufe to be profecuted the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board of which fuch Spi- ’ rits. Tobacco or Snuff fhall be or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or the Cattle or Carriages ufed or employed in moving or * conveying the fame, but fhall not alfo flop, arreft and detain the Per-fons or fome or one of them who fhall be or fhall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board which	-•	>

which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, (hall be or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, or the Perfons or fome or one of them from whom the fame fhall be feized and taken, or carry or caufe all and every fuch Perfons fo flopped, arretted or detained, to be taken or carried before the Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter of the faid Ifle, to be dealt with according to Law; then, and in fuch Cafe, the Officer of the Cuftoms or other Perfons making fuch Seizure fhall be entitled to and fhall be paid only One Third of the Proceeds of fuch Spirits,

Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt; and in cafe any fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid, fhall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco,

Tea, Coffee or Salt, and fhall neither feize and profecute or caufe to be profecuted, the Ship, Veffel or Boat, Cattle or Carriages, in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee and Salt fhall be or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or which (hall be ufed or employed in removing or conveying the fame, nor fhall flop, arreft and detain the Perfons, or fome or one of them, who fhall be or fhall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt fhall be or fhall have been brought, found or feized or in unlading, removing or carrying fuch Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, or from ' whom the fame fhall be feized or taken, or fhaK not carry or convey, * or caufe all and every fuch Perfons fo arrefted, flopped or detained, to be carried or conveyed before the Governor or Deputy Governor, or a Deemfter of {he faid Ifle ; then, and in fuch Cafe, the Officer ' or other Perfon making fuch Seizure fhall be entitled to and fhall b© paid Quly One Fourth Part of the Net Proceeds of fuch Spirits, •

L 4	-	Tobacco,

Digitized by CjOOQle

Frorifo,

Allowance to Ptrfons feizing Spirits within certain Limits.

Vcflels condemned, how difpofed of.

Tonnage Re ward* tb Officers

C..62.	509 GEO. III.	A.p.i8io«

Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt: Provided that in all Cafes where any fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid fhall, upon the Seizure of. any Goods, whatever liable to Forfeiture, by any Aft or Afta of Parliament relating to the faid JJle of Man or for the Prevention of Smuggling there, alfo feize the Caits, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages made ufe of in the Removing, Carriage or Conveyance of any fuch Goods, and the fame /hall be condemned, fuch Officer or Officers or ' other Perfon or Perfons, in every fuch Cafe, (hall be entitled to Three Fourths of the Net Proceeds of fuch Carts, Horfes, Cattle and Carriages refpeftively, after all Charges attending the Profecution and Sale thereof /hall be dedufted,

VII.	Provided aJfo, and be it further enaft'ed, That in all Cafes where any, fuch Officers and Perfons as aforefaid/hall feize within the Limits of any of the Ports of the JJle of Man or in any of the Britijb or Jrifh Channels or elfewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coa/ls of Great Britain or Ireland, any Spirits which /hall have been funk or concealed under or in the Water within fuch Limits or Difcmce, every fuch Officer aqd Perfon fo feizing fuch Spirits /halt be, and he and they is, and are hereby allowed .One Moiety, of the Proceeds thereof, deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

* VIII. And whereas it is expedient that Ships, Veffels and Boats

*	feized and condemned in the ljle of Mau> and which are calculated

*	.for illicit Trade, /hould be difpofed of, and the Officers feizing the

*	fame rewarded according to the Praftice in the like Cafes in f Great Britain ;* Beit therefore enafted. That upon the Condemnation of any Ship, Veffel or Boat, in the faid Ifle of Man of illegal Bruilt or Conitruftion, or which /hall be illegally rigged or fitted, it /Hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cu/loms in Eng» land to direft fuch Ship, VeflVl or Boat to be difpofed of, and the Produce thereof to be divided in the fame manner as Ships, Veffels and Boats illegally built, con/lrufted, rigged or fitted are now by Law direfted to be difpofed of, and the Produce thereof divided upon Condemnation in Great Britain; and when any fuch Ship,

r Veffel or Boat /hall be broken up, the Officer or Officers of the C.uftoms, or of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or other Perfon or Perfons by whom fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat fhall have been feized, ffiali.be entitled to, and in like manner paid the like Tonnage Rewards as are payable to the Officers feizing Ships, Veffels or Boats of fuch illegal Built, Conftruftion, Rigging or Fitting, in Great Britain ; that i6 to fay, to fuch Officer or Officers for all fuch Veflejs or Boats as (hall exceed Four Tons by Admeafurement, which fhall be feized and condemned, an Allowance of Forty Shillings per Ton, according to the legal Admeafurement thereof; and for all fuch Boats which*/hall no$ exceed Four Tons by Admeafurement, and which fhall he feized aud condemned, an Allowance of Fifty Shillings per Ton 5 and for all Ships, Veffels and Boats, which, ou account of their Built, Conftruftion, Denomination or Defcrip-tipn are liable to Forfeiture by any. Aft or Afts of Parliament in fqrce, or hereafter to be made, and which /hall be liable to he broken up, and which faid Ships, Veffels and Boats, at the time of the Seizure thereof, ihall be found in Balla/l or light, an Allowance of Thirty Shillings per Tou, to be paid upon thb Condemnation pf fuch Ships, Veffels and Boats, according to the legal Admea-, ■ -	5	furemeut	.

Digitized by

Google’

A.D.t&io.	5oa	GEO.	Iff.	0.60,63.

furerqeat thereof;, and alTo One Mbiety' of the Prwdbce of the Materials of fuch Ships* Veftelsr or Buatsrefpedively, after dedud-i»g therefrom the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

IX* And he it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatever (hall by Force or Violence affaulc, refill, oppofe, moled, ohftru&or hinder any Commiffioned Officer of the Army or Militia while embodied, or any Cominiffioned Officer of His Majefty’s Military Forces wbilb on Service in the faid IJle of Man, or any Com-mifibned Officer of the Nary or Marines, or any Officer of tne Cuf-toms, or any Perfon or Pdfon* aiding or affifting in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Ad given or granted, fuch Perfon. beings thereof convided by due Courfe of Law, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for Seven Years, or fettenced to be imprifoned in any Hotife of Corredion or any Common Gaol in . the faid IJU of Man, and kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Yeata, at the Difcretion of the Court before whom the Offender (hall be tried and convided as aforefaid ; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall malicioufly (hoot at, maim or dan-gerotifly wound any fuch Officer as aforefaid, while ading in the dj* Execution; of his or their Duty, under airy of the Powers, Authorities or Provifions of this Ad, every Perfon fo offending, and every Perfon aiding, abetting'or afiiiling therein* (hall, being thereof lawfully, convided, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Pealhas a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. LXIII.'

An Ad to enable His Majefly to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery neceffary for ere&ing a Mint in the Brazils.

[9th Jutie 181 o.]

*	'IT THE RE AS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent of

*	W Portugal and the Brazils is defirous of ereding and efta-

*	blilhing a Mint in the Brazihy and of procuring and exporting 4 the Machinery neceffary for that Purpofe from this Kingdom: Ana '•whereas Doubts may arife whether any Perfon in this Kingdom can

*	execute the fame, without being fubjed to certain Penalties and

*	Forfeitures Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Mftiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affem-bied, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for asyof His Mfcjcfty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under flich Rcftridions and Conditions, and in fuch manner as His Majelly (hall think proper, to licenfe and authorize all and every Perfon and Perfons whom the faid Prince Regent or any Perfon authorized by him for that Purpofe, (ball think fit to employ for fuch Purpofes, to have in his or their Power, Cuftody or Pofleffion, with intent to export, and to colled, obtain, make, apply for, or caufe or procure to be made, with intent to export, and to export, and to do or caufe to be done all or any A&s whatsoever, in or for, or towards the exporting, or which (haU bencccflary to enable him or them to make, obtain, have or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, Utcnfils, Implements or other things of what Nature foever,

or

*5 3

Ohftro&ing

Oifkcro.

Puniflmrnt.

Shooting »t Officers

Death.

Secretary of State may authr-rize Exportal ion of Machinery ft t ereding a Mint in the Brazils.

Digitized by CjOOQle

AJ).i8to.

Officers of the Cuiloros mny enter Machinery,

Secretary of State

may authorise Contracts with Artificers to sro out ot the Kingdom {

and to do any thing neceflary for executing the Work.

Secretary of ^tate to del ermine Quef-tiuns.

C. 63.	50®	GEO. III.

or any Parts thereof) or any Models or Plans or Parts thereof, for the effedually enabling fuch Perfons as afbrefaid to ered and efta-blifti, or caufe to be ereded and eftablifhed, fuch Mint as afbrefaid; and all Ads, Matters and Things which fhall be done in purfuance of and according to fuch Licence and Authority, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, and they are hereby required to take Entries and fign Cocquets, Warrants and Sufferances, and to do or caufe to be done all Ads neceflary for the entering outwards, (hipping or exporting fuch Machinery, Tools, Utenfils, Implements, Models, Plans and Things as aforefaid, or any Parts thereof refpec-tively; and that the faime or the Packages thereof, or the Goods packed therewith, (hall not be liable to Seizure by fuch Officers or others ; and alfo that it (hall be lawful for all Captains and Mailers of Ships, Veflels, Lighters or Boats, to take the fame on board thereof, for the Purpofe of exporting the fame, and in their faid Ships, Veflels, Lighters and Boats to export the fame, as fully and eifedually to all Intents and Purpofes as any other Goods or Mer-chandize may now by Law be exported.

III.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by fuch Writing or Warrant as aforefaid, to licenfe and authorize any Perfon- or Perfons whom he (hall name for that Purpofe, to encourage, per-fuade, contrad and agree with fuch Artificers and Workmen, and others, as he or fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall think it neceflary to employ for the Purpofe of ereding and eftablifliing fuch Mint as aforefaid, or for any Purpofe relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for any fuch Purpofe, and all Ads done by ruch Perfon and Perfons, and fuch Workmen, Artificers and others, in conformity to fuch Licence and Authority, (hall he deemed and taken to be lawful Ads, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV And, for the better enabling any fuch Perfon or Perfons to undertake and execute fuch Work as aforefaid, Be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s faid Principal Secretaries of State, by fuch Writing or Warrant as aforefaid, to licenfe and authorize any Perfon or Perfons to do or caufe to be done any other Matter, Ad or Thing not herein fpecified, which it (hall appear neceflary or expedient to fuch Secretary to licenfe or authorize, for the enabling fuch Perfon or Perfons, or the Perfons employed by him or them to execute fuch Work as aforefaid; and all Ads, Matters and Things done in conformity to fuch Licence and Authority, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding ; and in c*fe any Queftion (hall arife whether any Ad, Matter or Thing done or procured to be done by any fuch Perfon relative to fuch Work as aforefaid, hath been done or procured to be done in conformity to any fuch Licence or Authority as aforefaid, or according to the Intent and Meaning thereof, it fhall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any fuch Perfon, or on his Behalf, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to declare whether the fame hath been done in conformity thereto, or according to fuch Intent and Meaning, and the Declaration of His Majefty’0 faid Secretary

Digitized by C >gle

A.D.iSio.

*55

50° GEO. III.	C.	63, 64.

tary fo made, that the fame hath been fo done, (hall be final and con-clufive Evidence that the lame hath been fo done, and (hall be received in all Cafes as fuch final and condufive Evidence.

CAP. LXIV.

An AQ. to permit the Removal of Goods, Ware9 and Merchant dize, from the Port in Great Britain where firft warehoufed* to any other warehoufing Port for the Purpofe of Exportation.

[9th June 1810.]

*	YTTHEREAS if may be expedient to permit the Removal of

*	VV Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port where firii

*	warehoused to any other warehoufing Port within Great Britain

*	for the Purpofe of Exportationlie it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with tfie Advice and Con*, fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which nave been or may be lodged or de-pofited in any Warehoufe or Warehoufes in the Port of London under the Regulations of an Ad pafled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be fecured in tVareboufe 'without Payment of Duty, or which have been or may be lodged or depofited in any Ware^ufe or Warehoufes at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Ad pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 to authorise the Lords Commfftoners of His Majejiy's Treafury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, or of another Ad pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 to extend the Provifons of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Majejly, for permitting certain Articles to be ivarehoufed in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentionedand to alter the Condition of the Bond direSed to be given by an A3 of the Twenty fourth Tear of His prefent Majejly by the Mafter s and Owners of

Vejfels and Boats licenfed by the Lords of the Admiralty, to remove any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any of the faid Ports, either by Sea or Inland Navigation to any other Port of Great Britain, where the like Articles are by Law allowed to be fecured in Warehoufes under the Regulations of the faid Ads or either of them, for the Purpofe of being exported from fuch Port, fubjed to the Rules, Regulations and Reftridions hereafter mentioned; that is to fay, before any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be taken from or delivered out of any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes as aforefaid, the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee (hall and he is hereby required to give at leaft Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing to the Warehoufe-keeper or other proper Officer in whofe Charge fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize may then remain, of his Intention fo to remove the fame, fpecifying in fuch Notice the particular Goods, Wares or Merchandize fo intended to be taken out of fuch Ware-*	houfe.

Goods fecured in Warehoufe under 4.3 G. 3. c. 10*2.

43 G. 3. C. 87.

46 G. 3. C. 137.

may be removed to another Port for Exportation.

Conditions.

i$6

AJD.1810.

Officer to take Account.

Duty paid on Deficiency.

Contents oi -Package, &c. marked.

Entry.

Bo/hJ for due Delivery, &c.

Certificate of Delivciy.

Account of Packages tranf-mitteil l>y Collector, &c. of one Port to Colleger, &c. of ihc other.

C 64*	50°	GEO. Ill*

houfe, the Number, Marks. and Descriptions of each Package, and the Kind and Specie* of Goods, Ware* or Merchandize thereto con. tained, and in what Ship imported, and by wbohi entered Inwards; and thereupon the proper Officer (hall take a true and particular Account thereof by Weight, Gauge, Tale or otherwife, as the Cafe may require, and when by reafon of any EfFedt produced by Weather or from the Length of time, any fuch Goods, Wares or-Merchandize or any Part thereof may have been fo warehoused, the fame ffiall fce deficient of the aftual Weight or Quantity afeertained and taken Account of at the time of the Importation thereof, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee ffiall, and he is hereby required to pay. the'proper Officers the full Duties of- Cuf-toms and Excite upon fuch Deficiency, previous to the Removal of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Warehoufe.,

II.	And be it furtherenaded, That the Contents ffiall be marked on each and every Package intended to be removed, in diftindl and legible Chara&ers, in all cafes where the fame ffiall be pra&icable, aud the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee ffiall make a due Entry of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with the proper Officer of the Cuttoms and alfo of the Excife, in cafe the Articles are fubjedt to any Duty of Excife, fpecifying. in fuch Entry the Name of the Ship or VefTei in which imported, and the Mafter thereof, when entered Inwards, and by whom, alfo the Number and Marks of the Packages, the Kind or Species of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, together with the Weight or Quantity contained in each, and to what Port the fame is intended to be removed for the Purpofe of being exported, and fuch Importer, Proprietor or Confignee, with One other fufficient Surety, ffiall alfo enter into Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in Treble the Value of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with Condition that the fame and every Part thereof ffiall be truly delivered, without Alteration or Diminution, into the Cuftody and Pofleffion of the Colle&or and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port of Great Britain, to which the fame is intended to be conveyed ?md to be named and exprefTed'in fuch Bond, and to produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of luch Colle&or and Comptroller or principal Officers, that the Goods have been fo delivered into their Cuftody and Poffeffion within Three Months from the Date of fuch Bond, fuch Certificate to be produced to the Commiffionert of the Cuftoms in England, in cafe the Goods are removed from the Port of London, and to the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland, if rew moved from Leith, and to the principal Officers of the Cuftoms, if fuch Removal takes place from any other Port of Great Britain.

III.	And he it further ena&ed, That a particular Account of the Weight, Quantity and Species of the Goods, Wares or Merchant dize, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages ffiall be tranf-mitted by the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms of the Port from which the Removal ffiall take place, to the Colle&or and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port to which the Articles are intended to be removed 5 and upon their Arrival at fuch Port, due Entry ffiall be made thereof with the proper Officers of the Cuftoms, fpecifying the Date of Importation, by whom entered Inwards, and the Port from whence removed, and the Name of the Ship, and to what Port or Place they are intended to be exported; and the Exporter or Export ters ffiall, together with the Mafter and other Perfon having or taking

<	the

A«D. i8to*	yd®	GEO.	IH«	C*	64.

the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veflel id which futSi Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and One other fuffident Surety, to be approved of by the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in Treble the Value of the dune, for the due Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and for producing a Gertilicate of the landing thereof at the Port or Place for which entered, according to the Direftions of the laid Aft of the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty ; Provided that if upon the further Examination of the faid Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the fame or any Part thereof (hall be found to be lefs in Quantity or Weight than when delivered from the Warehoufe at the Port of Importation, the Exporter or Proprietor thereof (hall immediately pay the full Doties of Cuftoms and Excife upon the Deficiency, previous to the Goods being allowed to be (hipped for Exportation.

IV.	Aod be it further enafted, That if after the Arrival of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at any other warehouftng Port, the Proprietor thereof fhall not have an Opportunity of (hipping the fame for Exportation, it (hall and may be lawful to lodge and depofit the Articles in any Warehoufe approved under the Regulations of the (aid Afts patted in the Forty fifth and Forty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, provided an Entry be made for that Purpofe w ith the proper Officers of the Cuftoms, and Bond given to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, by the Proprietor or his Agent, and One fuffident Surety to be approved of by the Colleftor ana Comptroller of the Cuftoms in fuch Port, in double the Amount pf the .full Duties due and payable on the Importation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, with Condition that the fame (hall either be duly exported, or that the full Duties of Cuftoms due aud payable on the Importation thereof (hall be paid to the proper Officer* withio fuch Period of time as was allowed for that Purpofe at the Port where the fame were firft entered and warehoufed; but if the Prpprietor (hall fail or negleft to make fuch Entry and give fuch Security, it (hall and may be Jawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuf-tpmi in England or Scotland refpeftively to caufe all fuch Gooda, Wares and Merchandize, which (nail not be (hipped for Exportation to bp difpofed of in the fame manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize are directed to he diipofed of by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year pf the Keign pf Hi* prefent Majefty.

V.	And be it further enafted. That whenever any Goods, Wares pr Merchandize, removed from the Port of Importation to any other warehouhng Port, are fecured in Warehoufe* under the Authority of this A&, ail and every the Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Rcftriftions, Afts, Matters and Thing* relating to the landing, warehaufing, keeping, infpediing, taking Account pf or otherwife fecuring of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, padcrjtbe faid Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majefty, and of the Duties due and payable thereon, (hall, in fo far as the fame are applicable, and except where the fame are altered pr varied by this Aft, be from thenceforth conftrued to extend to the Goods, Wares and Merqhandize fo removed from the original Port of Importation and fecured in Warehpufes at any other ware-houfiqg fort, in like manner in every refpeft, and as fully and amply as

*f7

Bond given for Exportation.

43 G. 3. c. 135. § 13.

I11 what Cafe if Goods may l*e wureboufeil.

Bond for Exportation taken.

43 G. 0. c. 133.

Powers of 43 G. 3.c. 133. relating to ware-liouGng, &r, extended to this A&

Digitized by v^ooQle

• A.D.i8io,

Ij8

Mis Majefty may ap|K>int Com-lriilfioners to tranfa& the JBufmefs of Surveyor Oueral of Land ltrvenue and Surveyor General of W oods.

C. 64,65.	* 50° GEO. III.

if the faid Proviftons, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Reftridions, Ads, Matters and Things had been repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

CAP. LXV.

An Ad for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of Ilis Majefty’s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes.

[9th June 1810.]

*	YT7HEREAS in order to the better Survey and Manage*

*	W xnent of the Honours, Caftles, Lordfhips, Manors, Forefts*

4 Chafes, Parks, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Services,

4 Revenues, Poffeffions and Hereditaments of His Majefty, it is ex-‘ pedient that the Bufinefs hitherto feverally tranfaded by the Sur-4 veyer General of Land Revenue of the Crown, and the Surveyor

*	General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls, Parks and Cliafes, 4 fhould be placed under the joint Management of certain Perfons,

4 to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned ; and His Majefty hath 4 been gracioufly pleafed to Agaify His Royal Intention to place

*	the fame under luch Management; but fuch His Majefty’s gra-4 cious Intention cannot be in all Things carried into Effed with-4 out the Authority of Parliament :’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled and by the Authority of the fame, That in cafe His Majefty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, fhall at any time hereafter be gracioufly pleafed, by his or their Letters Patent, to nominate and appoint any Perfons not exceeding Three in Number, to be Commiffioners for executing the Office and Duties of His Majefty’s Surveyor General of all and lingular His Majefty’s Honours, Caftles, Lordfhips, Manors, Forefts, Chafes, Parks, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Services, Revenues, Poffeffions and Hereditaments whatfeever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Principality and Dominion of Wales, as well within Liberties as without; and alfo the Office and Duties of Surveyor General of all and Angular His Majefty’s Woods whatsoever in the North Parts of England beyond the River Trent, in the Survey, Ordering and Government of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, then being or thereafter happening to be, and of all and Angular His Majefty’s Woods whatfoever in the Parks, Forefts and Chafes, and in His Majefty’s Lands of the ancient Inheritance of His Majefty’s Crown, being in the North Parts of England beyond the River Trent aforefaid ; and the Office and Duties of Surveyor General of all and Angular His Majefty’s Woods whatfoever in the Parks, Forefts and Chafes, and in His Majefty’s Lands of the ancient Inheritance of His Majefty’s Crown, being in the Parts of England on this Side the River Trent aforefaid, in the Survey, Ordering and Government of the fame Court; the Bufinefs hitherto tranTaded, and the Powers exercifed by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, by whatfoever Name or Names of Office the laid Officer is or hath been called or denominated in any Letters Patent, Ad of Parliament, or

otherwise

Digitized by Google

A*D.i8io*

*59

50® GEO* IIL	C. 65 *

©therwife howfotver; and alfo the Bufineft hitherto tranfa&ed, and the Power* exercifed by, and the Revenue under the Management of the Surveyor* or Surveyor General of Hi* Majefty’* Woods, Forefts,

Park* and Chafe*, by whatfoever Name or Name* of Office the faid lad mentioned Officers are or have been called or denominated in any Letter* Patent, Ad of Parliament, or otherwife howfoever, (hall, from and immediately after fuch Appointment, be jointly cbndu&ed and managed by fuch Commiffioners, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or by fuch other Commiffioners, not being lefs than Two nor more than Three at any one time, as (hall be hereafter from time to time named and appointed by Hi* faid Majefly, his Heirs and Sue-ceffors, in that Behalf; and fuch Commiffioners fo to be appointed,

(hall be and be called “ The Commiffioners of His Majefty*s Woods, Defcript'.on and

“ Forefts arid Land Revenues and that all Ads, Matters and £ower* °f

Things to be done by the faid Commiffioners fo to be appointed

as aforefaid, or by any Two of them, or (in Cafes where the fame (hall

be fo ordered ana direded by the Lord High Treafurer or any Three

or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury, according to the Power

herein contained) by any One of them, (hall be as valid and effedual

to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been done by any

fuch Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown in dif-

charge of his official Duties, or by any fuch Surveyors or Surveyor

General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, in dif-

charge of their official Duties, or of any of them; and that from

and immediately after fuch Appointment, all Sales, Enfranchifementg,

Purchafes, Exchanges, Conveyances, Surveys, Views, Eftimates,

Orders, Diredions, Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and all other Ads, Matters and Things whatfoever, which by virtue of any Law, Statute or Ufage in force or practice, immediately before the palling of this Ad, or by any Condition,

Covenant or Claufe in any fubfifting Grant, Leafe or Demife contained,

•re or may be, or ought to be made, done, performed or given or exercifed by or to the faid Surveyors or Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or by or to the faid Surveyor General •of His Majefty,s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, may and (hall be made, done, performed and given by and to the faid Commiffioners for the time being, or Two of fuch Commiffioners, or (in Caf?s wherein the fame (hall be fo ordered and direded by the Lord High Treafurer, or any Three Or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury, according to the Power herein contained) by or to One only of fuch Commiffioners; and fuch Commiffioners (hall have and exercife the fame Powers and Duties in all things, not hereby other-wife provided for, as the faid Surveyors General refpedively lawfully had and exercifed or might exercife.

II.	Provided always and be it further enaded, That the faid Com-xniffioners fo to be appointed as aforefaid, and every of them, (hall from time to time obferve, perform, fulfil and keep all and lingular I>ire£tioiu •'* the Orders, Rules, Inftrudions and Diredions, not being contrary to the Provifions of this Ad, which from time to time (hall be made or given to them or any or either of them, by the Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treafuij for the time being, touching or concerning the Exr-cution and Dilcharge of their faid Office, and the Arrangement and Diviflon of the Bulmcfs of the fame amongft the Lid Commiffioners.

4.	III.	Provided

Digitized by Google

i6o

A.D.i8i<&

Treafury may dire& A£s required to be done by Two Comnciffionera to be doue by One.

Exception.

Form of Certificate*.

Seals, &c.ofTwu

Couimiffiouer*

fufficient.

Reports required from Surveyors to be made by Coaamiflioncrs.

Commit oner* fwora.

C. 65.	$oe	GEO.	1II>

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, by Warrant under hia or their Hand or Hands from time to time, and at ail times hereafter, whenfoever it (hall by him>or them bfe thought fit and expedient fo to do, to order and dired all or any Df the Ada, Matters or Things which by this Ad are required to be done or made by or to Two at the lead of fuch Commiffiooera (Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and Orders for the Sale of Stock (landing in the Books of the (aid Governor and Company only excepted) to be done or made by or to One only of fuch Commiflioners 5 and every fuch Order and Diredion as lad aforefaid (hall be obeyed and obferved by fuch Commiflioners, and all other Perfons whatfoever; and every Ad, Matter or Thing done or-made by or to One only of fuch Commif-fioners, in purfuance of any fuch Order or Diredion, (hall be as valid .and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been done or made by or to all fuch Commiflioners ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding.

IV.	Andheit further enaded. That from and after fuch Appointment, all Certificates, Convey ances, Drafts, Orders, Nominations, Reports and other Matters in Writing whatfoever, to be made by or to the faid Commiflioners, according to the Powers veiled in the faid Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls, Parks and Chafes, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, (hall and may be made according to the Forms preferibed or (et forth in fuch Ad or Ads of Parliament, fubftituting only the Title of the faid Commiflioners, in the Place of the Tide of the Officer, in fuch Forms mentioned; and the Seals and Seal, and Signatures and Signature, or the Signatures or Signature only (as the Cafe may be) of any Two or (in Cafes where the fame (hall be Co ordered and tlireded by the Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or tnore of the Commiflioners of the Treafury, according to the Power herein contained) of any One of the Commiflioners fo to be appointed as aforefaid, to any fuch Certificate, Conveyance, Draft, Order, Nomination or other Matter in Writing, (hall be as valid and efledual as if the fame were figned and fealed, or figned only (as the Cafe may be) by the Whole of fuch Commiflioners ; and that all Certificates and Reports which by any Ad of Parliament now in being were required to be made by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyor General of His Maje(ly,s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, (hall be and the fame are hereby required to be made by the faid Commiflioners or any Two of them, or (in Cafes where the fame (h&ll be (o ordered and direded as aforefaid, according to the Power herein contained) by any One of them, at fuch time and times, and in fuch Manner and Form as tbe faid Surveyors or either of them were or was required to make the fame.

V.	And be it further enaded, That any of the faid Commif-lioners fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall, before he prefumes to ad in purfuance of fuch Appointment, take tire following Oath, to be adminillered by the Chief Baron, or One other of the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer ; (that is to fay);

•Laf.A

Digitized by v^ooQle

jd° GEO- IIL

C.

161

4 T jL B. do fwear, That I will truly, honeftly, faithfully and diK- Otth.

4 gently execute the Duties of a Commiflioner of His Majefty’s 4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, and that I will not for the 4 Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext whatfo-4 ever, receive, take or accept, in refpe& of the faid Office, at any 4 time* any Emolument, pecuniary or other, except or beyond the 4 Salary allowed by a certain A& of Parliament, intituled, An Aft 4 for uniting the fevered Office* of Surveyor General of the Land Re-4 venues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His J\$ajejly’s Woods,

4 Forefts, Paris and Chafes *

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in lieu of all Salaries, Wages* SahriesoT Fees,' Perquifites and Emoluments heretofore paid to or received, CommilBonets. retained, had or enjoyed by the faid Surveyors General or either

of them. His Majefty may, by fuch Letters Patent as aforefaid, grant to the feveral Perfons therein named the following Salaries and Allowances; (that is to fay) to the Perfon firft named therein* who (ball be Chairman of the Commiffion, a Salary of Two thou* land Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commiflioners a Salary of One thoufand two hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries (hall be clear of all Fees and DeduCTions; One Moiety of fuch re-fpe&ive Salaries to be paid in fuch manner as the Salary of the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts, and the other Moiety thereof *eipe£b‘vely in fuch manner as the Salary of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue have heretofore been paid; and tne Salary of every fuch Commiflioner (hall commence and be computed from the Day of the Date of his Appointment, and be received from time to time as the fame (hall become due by quarterly Payments ; and if sow'fuch Commiflioner fhall happen to be removed from his (aid Office, or to die after any of the aforefaid Days of Payment, and before another of the fame Days of Payment (hall occur, then fuch Salary fhall be computed by the Day, and (hall be paid to fuch Com-miflkrner, his Executors or Adminiftrators, for fo many Days as ^ the faid Office fhall have been exercifed by fuch Commiflioner from the time of the laft preceding Day of Payment of the faid Salary. *

VII.	And be it further ena&ed* That fron> ind after fuch Ap- Fee* sbotthtU. ©ointment* all Salaries, Wages,. Fees and Perquifites whatsoever, heretofore paid to or received or had by the Surveyor General of the

Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyors or Surveyor General

of His Majcfty’a Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, by whatfoever

Name or Names the faid Officers or either of them are is or ought ■

to be called {except the Fees ufually paid upon the Affignment of Exception,

Leafes* and upon Searches for and Copies .of Leafea*,Grants or

other Documents belonging or relating to tbe (aid feveral Offices Or

any or either of them, or which may be in the. Cuftody of the faid

Commiflioners) (hall ceafe and be abolifhed ; aad that- the faid Fees WbatFee* tohs

above excepted (hall from thenceforth be paid to the laid Com- •ceouaud for.

miflioners, to be by them accounted for in fuch manner as the fame %

have heretofore been accounted for by the Surveyor General of the .

Land Revenue: Provided always,that where aay fine orient (hail have been eftimated and fixed for the granting or r Renewal of any Leafe, or any Sum of Money (hall have been fixed and agreed upon for any Sale, Enfranchisement or Exchange before fuch Appoint* meat as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Fees whiqh would ha	hie	to	the	Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of

M

the

Digitized by

A.D.i8i<*

i&x	C <Sy.	505	GEO.	IIL

the Crown by 'the Leflee, Purchafer or Perfon making the Er-*change, if this A61 had not been made, (hall be paid by any fuck Leflce, Purchafer or, Perfon making Exchange, into the Hands of the faid Commiffioners, to be by them accounted for in the Ekfr tnanner as is hereinbefore direfted with refpeft to Fees payable upoft " the Affignments of Leafes, Searches and Copies hereinbefore mentioned.

OMOfluen	VIII.	And	be	it	further	enafted,	That	notwithftanding	any fach

•ouunued. Appointment of Commiffioners to be made in purfoanoe ot this Aet, all Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Minifters and Surveyors whatsoever, theretofore lawfully appointed to and then exerciiing or enjoying their refpeftive Offices, (hall remain and continue in their refpeftive Offices, and in the Exercife and Enjoyment thereof, until they (hall be duly N'-wOffii-rrs ,removed or otherwife difeharged therefrom; and.that it (hail apd nmy be appoint- may be lawful to and for fuch Commiffioners to be fo appointed as m and removed, <afore(aid, or aoyTwo of them, 4(or in Cafes whererthe fame (hall be to ordered and direfted by the Lord High Treafurer, or, any Three i or more of the Commiffioners of the Trpafury, according to the > Power herein contained for any One of them) from time to time, bjr -and with thjc Ccmfeat and Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury for tl^e time being, or any Three or more of, them* to nominate, appoint and remo.vc.aTl fuch Deputies,Clerks, Officers, Minifters and Surveyors, as hart* been heretofore ufually nominated, appointed and removed, by the (aid Surveyors General, or either of them, and alfo to nominate,, appoint and remove, by and with the like Consent and Approbation, all fuch Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Mtoifters and Surveyors as have been heretofore ufually nominated, appointed and removed in that manner, or as (hall be neceflary i or proper for the due Execution of this Aft ; and all and every the Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Mjnifters and Surveyors, to be io noroi* Stated and appointed as afore&id, (hall be entitled to, and (hall bare, receive and enjoy fuch Salaries refpcdlivcly, as the fame Deputies, •Clerks, Officers, Mi miters and Surveyors, received, enjoyed or were . entitled to, on the Firil Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thouiand eight, hundred . and nine, or as (hall be in that Behalf frwn time to time directed by the Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being ; and all fuch /Salaries (hall be payable Quarterly, on the Pour mod ufual Feafts or Days of Payment of Rent in the Year. a$ (;. s. c. ;o. f IX. And whereas by an A ft made in the Forty eighth Year of 4 His faid Majdty’s Reign, intituled, Jin Ad to mbrovt the Land ‘ Revenue of the Crown in England, and alfo of Hit Maiejly'i Duchy $ {.	* of vLunceuer, it was, among other Things, crofted, That H (hpuld

4 and might he lawful for the Surveyor General of His M^edy’s * Latod Revenue, with the Approbation, of and by the Direction of

*	4 the Lord High Treafurer. or Commiffioners of the Treafury lor

*	the time being, or any Three of them, to oontra& and agree with 1 -arty Body Or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons

*	holding any Mefluages, Lands, Premifes, Tenements or Heredita-4 ments belonging to the Crown, for the Surrender of any Leafe

*	thereof, or to purchafe and buy up any Leafe or the Remainder of . * any Term*>f any Leafe, of any Mefliiages, Lauds, Premifes, Tene*

« ments or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which might

*	be convenient for the Publick Service, aud might by any Three or

V more

Digitized by >ogle



50° GEO. III.	C.	65.	163

*	more of the Commiffioners of the Treafunr for the time being, be

*	deemed eligible to be purchafed or bought up, and to pay the 1 Confideration agteed to lie paid for fuch Surrender or- Purcnafe, to i the Body or Bodies or Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, out Of

*	any Money arifing from any Sales theretofore made, and which 1 htight be veiled in the Bank of England, in the Three Pounds ter 4 Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, or which might hereafter

*	arife from any Sale of any Property belonging to the Crown under

*	the fame A& or the A&s therein recited : And whereas the MoneV

*	aHfitig from fuch Sales is by Law required to be paid into the Bank	^

1 of England) And to be afterwards inverted in the Punchafe of

*	Three Pounds pet Centam Confolidated Bank Annuities, and no

*	expreft Provifiort is. rtiade in the fa id in part recited Adi for the

*	Sale of fbch Annuities, in order to pay the faid Confideration

9 Money ;* Be it therefore further enadled, That it (hall and may be Coramiffionm lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners from time to time, as Occt- m:‘>' Ml Stock to ton /hall require, to fell and transfer any fuch Confolidated Bank Annuities as Sirfe in the faid in part recited Adt mentioned, and to c|lPftt 0f Kefidi# convert the fame into Morey, in order to pay fuch Confideration of Terms. Mdney as aforefhid ; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers of ftfch Confolidated Bank Annuities to be from time to time made by the faid Commiffioners under the Hand of any One or more of the faid Commiffioners: Provided always, that a Note in Writing under the Hands of Two at lead of the laid Commiffioners, fpecifying the Sum of Money required to he raifed, and the Purpofe for which the fame is intended to be applied, Avail be made out and delivered to fclie faid Governor and Company, Three Days at the leafl before arty 1 fdch Transfer fnatl btr made ; and fuch Note fhali be a fufficient Authority and Indemnity to the faid Governor and Company for the Transfer made in pnrfuance thereof.

X. And be it further enn&cd, That from and after fuch Appoint- Officer* to Ip tfrent of ComTntffioners as aforefaid. every Officer appointed to arty fwonu Office by or under the faid Commiffioners fhali take the following Orrh, to be ujminirtered to him by any One or more of the faid Com-orfffioners, or by any Juft ice erf the Peace or Magistrate, if any One t>r more of the faid Commiffioners fhali direct that any fuch Officer (tall be fworn before any Juft ice of the Peace or Magiftrate, and which Ontfi toay, in any fuch Cafe, be adminiflered by any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate 5 (that is to fay)

*	| A. B. do fvvear. That I will truly, honeftly, faithfully and dili- Oadu

*	gently execute the Duties of the Office to which I have been ‘ appointed by for, under] the Commiffioners of His Majefty’a

*	Woods Foixfts and Land Revenue, and that I will not, for the, f Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext.-whatfo-

*	ever, receive, take or accept in refpe& of the faid Office at any 1 Time any Perquifite of any Defcription, or any Emolument, pecu-

*	niary or other, except or beyond the Salary and Allowances [jf

9 any] lawfully annexed to the faid Office to which I have been ap-*.pointed.	‘ So help me GOD.*

XL Afid be it farther enabled, That all Surveys, Returns, Rc- Surveys to h# ports, Eftimates, Accounts and other Matters and Things whatfo-	to

ever, which any Officer W Other Perfon whatfoever is by uny i,aw ^0luiu*’j^ucr^

Mi	or

IVgury.

46G. 3.c.143.

§7-

Balance of Ac-count of Surveyor General of V\ ood»>, &c. to be transferred to lumniilionexi.

or Statute in force immediately before thepaflingof this Aft required to tranfmit, render or deliver to the faid Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or to the faid Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, fnali from and after fuch Appointment of Commiflioners as aforefaid, be tranfmitted, rendered or delivered to the faid Commiflioners, at fuch time and times, and in fuch Manner and Form as the fame were or ought to have been tranfmitted, rendered or delivered before the palling 6f this Aft ; and alfo, that it fhall and may be lawful to and For the faid Commiflioners, or any One of them, and they or One of them are and is hereby authorized to receive a Verification, and take an Examination upon Oath, touching and concerning the Matters' of fuch Surveys, Returns, Reports, Eftimates, Accounts and other Matter* and Tilings, of and from every Officer and other Perfon iu all Cafe* wherein the faid Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the faid Surveyors ot Surveyor General of His Majefty** Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, was immediately before the pafling of this Aft by Law authorized to do ; and if any Officer or other Perfon fhall, in any fuch Verification or Examination upon Oath a* aforefaid be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, fuch Officer or'other Perfon fo offending fhall be liable to be piinifhed in fuch manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in forpe for the Punifhment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

« XII. And whereas by a certain Aft of Parliament made in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. Art As for the better Regulation of the. Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Rorefts, it was enafted that from and after the pafling of that Aft, all Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts received by fuch Surveyor General on account of the Revenue under his Management, fhould, the Day after the fame Ihould have been received, or the Day after any Bill fhould have been accepted, if the fame was not accepted at the Time it was received by the Receiver Geperal, be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company fhould be a fuffi-cient Difcharge ; and all fuch Monies, Bills and Drafts fo to paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, fhoul^l be placed to an Account to be raifed in the Books of the faid Governor aud Company, and to be intituled, “ The "Account of the Publick Monies of the Survevor General of the Woods and Fo-' refts,” inferring the Name of fucK Surveyor General for the time ' being : And whereas fuch an Account hath beert Opened, and i* now ftanding in the Name of the ptefent Surveyor General of the Woods and Forefts; and it is expedient, that upon the Appointment of fuch Commiflioners, the Balance then remaining due upon fuch Account from the faid Governor and Company, and all Bill* and Drafts then ftanding upon fuch Account, and not then paid, fhould be transferred to and placed under the Difpofai of the faid Commiflioners ;* Be it therefore enafted. That upon, the Appointment of fuch Commiflioners, the Balance which fhall be then remaining due upon fuch Account from the faid Governor and Company, and all Bills and Drafts then ftanding upon fuch Account, and not then paid, (hall be forthwith placed to an Account to be raifed in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, intituled, << The Account

«« of

AJJ.iSio.-	50° GEO. in.	-	C.	65.	.	iCs

“ of the Publick Monica oiF £ Names of the CommtJJtoners] the Com- - * * .

“ miffionera of His ^iajefty’s Woods,. Forefts and Land Revenue,*

“ being the Woods and Forefts Fund;** and fuch Balance, and the Produce of fuch Bills and Drafts, when paid, (hall be at the Difpofal of the faid Commiflioners, in the manner hereinafter directed with reaped to the Monies to be hereafter placed to the like Account; and Monr • received Irom and after fuch Appointment of Commiflioners as aforefaid, all °n at,<ou,*t Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts received by the Commiflioners of |*cv™(fer His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, on account of ^^ntolSw-the Revenue heretofore under the Management of the Surveyor Ge- Vcyor (General of jicral of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, (hall, Woods paid inw within Two Days after the fame (hall have been received, or within die Jknk.

Two Days after any Bill (hall have been accepted, completed and perfe&ed, if the fame be not accepted, completed and perfefted at* the time it (hall be received by the faid Commiflioners, be paid by them into the Hands of the faid Governor and Company, for which the Receipt of the Calhier or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company (hall be a fufficient Difcharge ; and all fuch Monies, Bills and '

Drafts fo to be paid to the faid Governor and Company, (hall from time to time be placed to fuch Account as is hereinbefore dire&ed to be raifed in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, to be entitled as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed, That it Commiflionm (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners of His Majefty’s "*ay retain tuc Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, to referve out of the Produce Currcm

of the Revenue heretofore under the Management of the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts, Parks and Chafes, for ca(ual and ordinary Payments, in the Hands of any private Banker to be nominated by any Three or more of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, a Sum not exceeding Three thoufand Pounds, to be drawn for by any Two or One of the faid Commiflioners as (ball or may be dire&ed by any Three or more of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury 5 and if at any time the Sum fo referved (hall be reduced below Three thoufand Pounds, then it (hall and may he lawful for fuch Commiflioners, from time to time, to make up the fame to the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, by Drafts, under the Hands of any Two or more of them, upon the Funds depofited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XIV.	And \?e it further ena&ed, That the Commiflioners of His How Paymnut

Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, (hall make all Pay-	^ nm'1* by

mrnts required to be made out of the Monies to be depofited in the	**

Bank of England^ by Drafts under the Hands of any Two or more

of them on the faid Bank, and (hall fpecify on fuch Draft the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpofe or Caufe for which fuch Draft (hall be given ; and every fuch Draft (hall alfo have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure coirefponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the faid Commiflioners, wherein Entry (hall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other. Charge, Purpofe or Caufe, for which fuch Draft (hall be given.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Drafts drawn purfuant Drafts Authority to the Dlre£fion9 of this A£t, but not otherwife, (hall be lufficient to the Bank. Authority to the Bank of England fo pay the Amount thereof to

the Perfons mentioned in fuch Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

M 3	XVI.	And

AJXi9t<*

On Death <ft Refignation of Commifluoners Cafii in the Bank to veil in Stirri-vonor Succef-(ot*.

Coromiflioncrs to keep Account with the Bank.

Forging Drafts, kc.

XV J. And b* it further ena&ed, That upon the Death, ReGgoa* tion or Removal of any One of the Ccrominioners of His Majefty’a Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, being Three in Number, the Balance of Ca(h, together with all iVipaid Bills and Drafts for which the faid Commiflioners (hall, at the time of fuch Death or Removal^ have Credit on their Account with the faid Governor aud Company* (hall a&ually veil in Two furviving or remaining Commiifio»er3 in truft for His Majefty’s Service, and forthwith, and before any thine (hall be added thereto or drawn therefrom, be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of fuch Two furviving or remaining Commiflioners in truft for His Majefty’s Service, to be applied to the faid Service in purfuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforefaid; and that upon the Death, Refignation or Removal of any1 One of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts aud Land Revenue, being Two only in Number, and alfo upon the Death* Refignation or Removal of the whole Number of fuch Comraiflkucrs* the Balance of Ca(h, together with all unpaid Bills and Drafts for which the faid Commiflioners (hall at that time have Credit on their Account as Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenue, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* (hall, as foon as a new Comxniflioner or Commiflioners (hall be appointed to the faid Office, fo as to make the Number of Com*, roiflioners not lefs than Two, a&ually veil in fuch new Commiflioaer or Commiflioners, and the furviving or remaining Commiflioner, if any fuch (hall be and continue in Office, and if not, then in fuch uew Commiflioners only, in truft for His Majefty’s Service, and forthwith and before any thing (hall be added thereto or taken therefrom, be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of fuch new and furviving or remaining Commiflioner or Commiflioners, or of fuch new Commiflioners only (as the Cafe may be) to be applied to the Lid Service in purfuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforefaid ; and the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue for the time being (hall, and they are hereby directed to iflue their Drafts and Orders, under the Hands of any Two or more of them as aforefaid, for all uofatisiied Charges and Demands on account of His Majefty’s Service, although the fame (hall have accrued in the time of any former Commiflioner or Commiflioners of His Ma* jefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue,

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after fuch Ap* pointment of Commiflioners as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners for the time beiug (hall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monief iflued on their Account for His Majefty’s Service; and the fame Commiflioners, obfervimg the Rules and Regulations hereby feribed, (hall not he anfwerable, either collectively or individually* for ajiy Money which they lire laid C<xramiflionera, or any ox ekber at them, (hall have fo paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall be aoiwerable for all the Monies which (hall be actually received by them from fuch Com* miflioners.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Person or Per* fons (hail knowingly and wilfully forge vor counterfeit, or knowingly and wilfully a& or alfift in forging or counterfeiting the Name at Hand-writing of either of the (aid Commiflioners of His Maieity’s Woods, Forefts and Laud Revenue for the time being, to any Draft,

Inftrumeut

Digitized by Google



5<$ GEO* UL

C, C$.	*67

Infirutpent or Writing wbatfoever, for or in order to the receiving or

obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Cuttody of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England on account of the faid Coon-

miffconers, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be

forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and tvilfully ad or a fill I in

the forging or counterfeiting any plraft, In liniment, or Writing in

Form of a Draft made by the faid ComruifEoncrs, or any or either

of them, or fhall utter or publifh any fitch, knowing the f une to be

forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to defraud the faid Governor

and Company, or any Body Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons

whomsoever, every Perfon- or Perfons fo offending, being thereof

lawfully convicted, fhall be, and is ahd are hereby declared and ad- F^uny w«*lout

judged to be guilty of Felony without Efenefit of'Clergy.

‘ XIX* And whereas the Privilege of fending and receiving Let- Comralffionrn 4 ters and jackets free from the Duty of Portage is given to each may it*u»l mu!

4 of the faid Surveyors General, and it is expedient to grant the rece,vp [ r,,u r» 4 Privilege to the Comnfiffioner firft named in any Appointment to be*,rec • rhade in ourfurinde of this Aft ;9 Be it therefore enacted. That f'om and after fuch Appointment of Commiffioners, the firfl named Corti-milEoner in fitch Appointment fbr the time being (hall and may receive and fend Letters and Packets free from tDuty of Pottage, m fuch manner and under fnch Reftriftions as other Officers mentioned iti an Aft made in the Fourth Year of the Reign i f Hi» prefrnt 4CI*^ c-84* Mayfly, ihtituled, 'AhAft fbr preventing Frauds and Abufes in relation to the fending and receiving Letters and Packets frte from the Duty of foffiage; btitl alfo m another Aft*made in the Forty fecond Year of «G.3.c.t^ the Reign of His prefent Majefty,'mtitiik*d, An Aft to autfsorfoe Mu

fendmb find retetHniiri Letters nttd 'Paeketf. Vntrr. Prnr*edl1	n	"

am /

P of age i by the Members of the Two ffoufes of Parliament of the United Kingdom y'akd by certain Pubfick Officers therein named, and for reducing ihe Poflage '6f futh Votes ', Proceedings and Nciafpapers, <wbch feni by any other ferjont, ire thereby permitted, in reipeft of their Office^ to fend and receive'the fante hvpurfiiance of the Arid Aft ; any Law or Ufrige tb thy contrtryin any wife notwithftandmg.	41

'J 4 XX. And whfttari tbfe Surveyor G(h)ertl of His Majefty*s Wood*

4 and Foretts for the time bci»g is drte of thfe Perfons authorised

#	and appointed to aft in the Execution of feveral Letters Patent 1 of His faid Majefty : And whereris it will be expedient that the

4 -Perfon to be firjt named in any Appointment of Commifiioners to be *

4 made ill purfoancc of ttuYAft, fliould be fubfHtuted in the PlaCfe 4 and Stead’ bf the1 faid* Surveyor^General in the Execution of ftich

•	Lettert Patent; and that this fhould be done without the ifluing of

4 new or other Letters Patent: for that J?urpofe ^ Be ft .therefore ^ ^ ( ott| further enafted, .That from and ^fter any Appointment of Com- lTJ{rlOU<, r^Oi-miffioners in piufoance of this and during the Continuance of nurd inti.*l ia<* anyfo<jh Appointmcst, the Ferfon firfl named in any fu<;h' App°*ntr of Purveyor <»»•-msnt for the time,being ihall.be and be deemed and taken to be one 1,eral 0,^00‘l*» ff£ foe J*ejfons authorized and appointed to aft m the Fxecution ot alj	^

^ad Jugular fuch -Letters Patent as afbrcfaid, in the Place and Stead i*alcul# of the laid Surveyor General, as folly and in the like manner, toad jlntepts and Furpofos, as if fuqh .Perfon fo foil named for the limp Wing yrqs expsefs^y samgdip and anfoorixed and appointed to «)& iu

M 4

thr

Digitized by

Google

j68	C. 6^66,67.	50° GEO.Itt.	AiD.i&icx

the Execution of the fame Letters Patent, and of eacli and every of • them

Only On* Tom- XXL And be it further enaded, That any One of the faid Com* miffioner to fit la miffi0ncrs may be elected and chofen, and may fit and vote as a ou Member of the Houfe of Commons of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Inland, any thing in any A A or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftandtng: Provided always, that only One of fuch Commiflioners (hall be capable of being fb eleded, or of fo fitting and voting at the fame Time.

CAP. LXVI.

An Ad to authorize the Judge Advocate General to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage.

[9th June 1810.J

*	WJ PEREAS the Privilege of fending and receiving Letters and

*	W Packets free from the Duty of Poftage is not exteuded to 4- the Judge Advocate General, who by . virtue of his Oifice necef-4 farily fends and receives many Letters and Packets relating to the '* Publick Service of this Kingdom j* Be it therefore enaded by the Xing’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thia prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad, the faid Judge Advocate Geueral for the time being (hall and may fend and receive Let* ters and Packets free from the Duty of Poftage, in fuch manner and under fuch Reftridions as are fpecified or irapofed in relation to other Publick Officers, in and hy or under and by virtue of an^ Ad

43 G. 3. c. 63. made in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, jin Aft to authorise the fending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and Printed Newfpapers, by the Pofi, free from the Duty of Poftage, by the Members of the Two ntmfes of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named} and for reducing the P ofage offuch Votes, Proceedings and Newfpapers, when fent by any other Perf on 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwkhftanding.

CAP. LXVII.

An Ad for the better Prefervation of Heath Fowl commonly Called Black Game, in the Counties of Somerfet and Devon.

'	[9th	June	1810.3

4 TT7HEREAS by an Ad pafied in the Parliament of Great jsG.a.c. is. » VY Britain in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent ‘Majefty, intituled, An A£t to explain and amend the fever atLaws 4 now in being, fo far as the fame relate to the Prefervation of the ‘ Moor or Hill Game, it is enaded, amongft other Things, that ‘ from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand (even ‘ hundred and feventy three, no Perfon or Perfons (hall, upon any ‘ Pretence whatfoever, wilfully take, ki1!, deftroy, carry away, fell, ‘ buy or have in his, her or their Poffeflion or Ufe, any Heath Fowl 4 commonly called Black Game, between the Tenth Day of December 4 and the Twentieth Day of Augufl in any Year: And whereas it

*	1	would

Digitized by v^ooQle

AD.i8io.	50°	GEO. IH; •	C.67—70.	*69

* would tend very much to the Prefervation of the faid Game, if the 4 time for taking and killing Heath Fowl were poftponedBe it therefore enabled by the King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament affembled, That, Taking Black from and after the palling of this A61, no Perfon or Perfons (hall,. c’wneSuIDCT-on.any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill or deftroy, or attempt to take, fet *nd I^von kill or deftroy, in the Counties of Somerfet and Devon, any Heath berT^aud”*”** Fowl commonlV called Black Game, between the Tenth Day of De- sept. 1. ember and the Firft Day of September in any Year; and every Perfon who ihall tranfgrefs this A61 m any of the Cafes aforefaid /hall, for every Heath Fowl fo token, killed or deftroyed, and for every Attempt to take, kill or deftroy fuch Heath Fowl, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A61, be liable to the fame Forfeitures ind Penalties, to be recovered in the fame manner, and fubjed to the like Appeal, and the fame Proviiions in every Refped whatfoever as in and by the faid recited Ad are enaded in refped of any Offence committed againft the faid Ad.

C A P. LXVIIL An A£t for raifing the Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland.

[9thJW 1810.]

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad for raifing the Sum of Six Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain9 for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	[9th June 1810.]

44 Treafury impowered to raife 6,000,000/. by Exchequer Bills, in 44 manner preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1, 2. Principal of faid 44 Bills charged on firft Supplies of next Sefiion. § 3. Intereft thereon 44 of $\d. per Centum per Diem. § 4. Said Bills to be current at the 44 Exchequer, See. after 5 April, 1811.—§ 5. Bank impowered to " advance 6,000,000/. on the Credit of this Ad, not with Handing 44 5 6c 6 W. & M. c. 20.—§ 6.

CAP. LXX.

An Ad to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury to iffue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	[9th	June	1810.]

44 Treafury may iffue Exchequer Bills, as preferibed by 48 G. 3. 44 c. 1.—$ 1. Claofes, See. in recited Ad, relating to Exchequer 44 Bills extended to this Ad. § 2. Treafury not to iffue Exche* 14 quer Bills on the Credit of 49 G. 3. c. 1. in any other manner than 44 at authorised by that Ad, &c. § 3. Intereft not exceeding 34d. 44 per Centum pir+Diem. $ 4. Exchequer Bills may«jit the Expira-44 tion of Four Months after Date, he taken in Payment of the 44 Revenue. Bills received at Exchequer locked up, § 5. Bank of

44 England

Digitized by Google

ryo

48 G. a. e. 149.

|46;

44 G. 9. c. 98.

46 G. 3. t. 81.

$«7«

45 G*3.e. 28.

(16 G. 3. f .43.

C. 7©, ju'	50*	GECt lit	AJ).i8r«.

“ 'England authorised to advance 6,oqo,qoo/. on the Cnpffi of this . 44 Aft, i^twahftaadiHg 54c 6 W. & M. c. 20-*—§

C A P. LXJfl.

An Aft for appropriating Part of the SujpUia of the Sttamp. Duties granted in the Forty eighth Year of Hi* ptefeut Ma-: jefty, for defraying the Charges of the Loan made and Stock created in the prcfent Scfflon of Parliament.

[9th Juki. 181 o-J*

WHEREAS by an Aft of Parliament patted in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefeni Majcjly, intituled* Ah AQ for' repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceeding* r and other Written or printed Ihjirunents, and the Duke* on J^gocur and SucceJJions to Ptrfntal Efates upon bttejkaeies mow. payable in Great Britain ; and for granting new Duties in heu thereof j jt was enafted that all the Monies to arife from the Duties granted by the faid Aft, together with the Monies to arife from the Duties granted by an Aft of the Forty fourth Year qf Hi» ^lajefly’s Reign, therein recited apd remaining unrepealed 5 and from the Duties on Licences tQ'dcal in Thread La re, granted by an Aft of the Forty, fixth Year of His Majefty's Reign, and then under the Management of the Commiffioners of Stamps, fhould be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who fhouid from time to time pay the fame into the Bank of England for fafe Cuftudy, purfuant to the Aft in that cafe made and provided, and (hotild thereafter pay the fame (after dedufting the Charges of railing, coHeftmg and accounting for the fame, ana all other Charges firft payable thereout) into the Receipt of Hip Wajedy’s Exchequer at Wejminffty in qne Sum, at fuch times and in fuch manner as the pi^fent Stamp Duties were by the Laws in force direfted to he paid^ and that the Money fo pfiicj into the faid Receipt fhould be carried tp and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain : Apd it >vas Further enafted* that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thou land eight hundred and eight, out of the Monies fo to he paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforefaid, there fhould be fet apart the yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred fifty fix thoufand feven hundred ninety Pounds and Ten pence, being the aggregate Amount of the net yearly Produce of the Duties granted by the faid A ft of the Forty fourth Year, and by another Aft of the Fo^ty fifth )fpar ‘ of His Many's Reign, therein mentioned (except the Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets fm^e repealed, and except the Duties on Ale Licences and Game Certificates, vhich were intended to be removed from the Management of the Commiffioners of Stamps, by certain Aft* of the fame SriTion), upon a*i Awago of Two Years ending the Fifth Day of January One thoufand,eight hundred and eight, and of the net Pibduce of.the Duties on Ap* praifements and Licences to Appnaifers, granted by an Aft .of the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, therein recited, for Qnt Year ending the fame Fifth Day of January $ and that.there fhould alfo be fet apart at the Exchequer, Quarterly, fuch .further Sum as ihonld be equal to the net Produce of the Duties on Licences to

4 deal

Digitized by Google

AJ).iS£9'

50^ GEO. IH.	C. 71.	171

<	deal in Thread Laee, of which a feparate Account fheald bo kept

<	at the Stamp Office, and be trafeftakttd to the Exchequer ; and -

*	that after felting apart the (aid fevcral Sums, the Remainder of

<	the Monies fo to he paid into the Exchequer at afbrefaid (hould 4 be deemed an Addition made to the Publiek Revenue of Great.

4	Britain for the Purpofe of defraying the iacreafed Annual Charge 4 oocafioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act 4 or Aft* palled or to be pafled in the fame Seffion of Parliament

4 And whereat the net Produce of the Duties paid into the Exche.

*	quer purfuant to the Direction of the fiud Aft ef the Forty eighth 48 G. 3.e. ltf.i

*	Year of Hit Majefty’a Reign, io the Year ending on the FifthDay 4 of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, amounted to the Sum 4 of Five millions one hundred eighty eight thoufand four hundred 4 twenty fix Pounds Seventeen Shilliiigt and One Penny; and after 4 reitrving and fetting apart thereout purfuant to the Ptreftious of 4 the fame Act, the fatd Sam of Throe Millions nine hundred fifty 4 fix thoufand feven hundred ninety Pounds and Ten peace, and thu 4 further Sum of Oae thoufand (even hundred twenty nine Pound*

4 Faujr Shilling* and Nine peace, being the net Produce of the Du.

4 tie* on Licence^ to deal in Thread Laee ; and alfo after refer ving 4 and fetting apart the Sunt of Thirty two thoufand Founds, Part 4 ef the yearly Sum of Forty two thoufood Pounds payable by the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank pf England as a CcmpeafoUw*

4 for the Exemption of their Promi(Tory Notes and Bills from Stamp

4 Duty, purfuant tQ an Aft of the prefect SciTion of Parliameut, the 43 G. 3. e. 11%

4 Remainder or Surplus of the faid Duties amounts to the Sum of $ 15.

4 One million one hundred ninety feven thoufand nine hundred and 4 (even Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six pence: A*id whereas thq 4 total yearly Charge 00 account of Stock tre^u-d by the Aft* of the 4 Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefcnt MpjtiLy Seven 4 hunared and twenty nine thoufand four hundred and forty one 4 Pounds Nineteen Shilling* and One Farthing, for w4>kSb hedges 4 the afoFeftid Surplus of the Stamp Duties, Prwifum was m*df by

*	the Appropriation of eertai* expired Annuities; and by a Saving 4 m the Charge paid for the Management of the PoWick Debt, and 4 by au lac re ait*/>f the Aj&fted Taxes, amounting together* acoond*

4 i»g to their aftuai Produce i« the Year ending die Fifth Day of 1 January One thoufand eight hundred and nine, to Six hundred and 4 twenty two thoufand fix hundred and fixty theqe Pounds Ten ShiU 4 hugs and Seven pence Halfpenny, leaving otdy the Sam of One 4 hundred and fix thou land (even hundred and fevenfcy eight Pounds 4 Eight Shillings aud Four pence Three Farthings, to be defrayed by

4 tbe afbrefaid Surplus of the Stamp Duties: And wherce* it i* ex*	i

4 pedient that the E'eeft of the faid Surplus of the Stamp Duties*

4 after referving annually One hundred and iifty thoufsnd Pounds 4 which appears to he an ample Provifion is addition to the other 4 Dutie* appropriated to tlkat Fhrpofe for defraying* the’ yearly 4 Charge on account of the Stock created is the Yea* One thoufand 4 eight hundred and eright, ihould be appropriated to the Puvpofe.of 4 defraying the increased annual Charge occaiioued by any Loan 4 made or Stock created in the pnefent Seffion of ParliamentBe it therefore erta&ed by the King’s Muft Excellent Majefty, by aud * with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* tod Commons, in this»present Parliament aifemtyed, and by the Au.

thority

Digitized by (^.ooQle

A.D.iftio*

17*

Surplus of Stamp Duties 48 G. 3. c. 149. Sic* bow applied.

4»G,». dll3. Si.

la*

C 7**72.	50®	GEO. III.

thority -of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, after fetting apart out of the Monies direded to be paid into the Exchequer, and made Part of the Confoli* dated Fund by the faid firft recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of Hi® prefent Majefty, the faid yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty fix thoufand feven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence, a^d fuch further Sum as (hall be equal to the net Produce of the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace according to the Provifions of that Ad, and alfo the yearly Sum of Thirty two thoufand Pounds, Part of the aforefaid yearly Sum of Forty two thoufand Pounds payable by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ purfuant to an Ad of the prefent Scfifion of Parliament, there fhall in the next Place be referred and fet apart ont of the faid Monies the yearly Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, by Four equal Portions on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of jlpril, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth l)ay of OBober in every Year, towards defraying the increafed annual Charge occafioned by the Stock created by the Ads pafTed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and that the Remainder or Surplus of the faid Monies (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed annual Charge occafioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Ad or Ads patted or to be pafTed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for improving and completing the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howtb near Dubliny and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majefty's Packets. [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the rendering the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Honvth near Dublin, a fit Situation for His Ma«

« jelly's Packets, is defirable for the regular and more fpeedy Con-« vcyance of the Mails between Dublin and Holyhead, and facilitating « the Intercourfe of PafTengers between Great Brita’-n and Ireland:

* And whereas by virtue of an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of * His prefent Majefty's Reign, for granting a certain Sum of Money « towards improving the faid Harbour, certain Perlons were ap-« pointed and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for tne « time being to apply the Sum granted towards improving the faid « Harbour, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majefty’s Packets 5 4 and it was by the faid recited Ad further enaded, that fuch Per-* fons fo appointed fhould have all fuch Powers and Authorities as • are by Law given to or veiled in the Corporation for preferving and * improving the Port of Dublin, and which fhould be requifite and • neceflary for the carrying of the faid recited Ad into Execution s ‘ and that all Piers, Wharfs, Quays, and other Eredions and Build-* ings which might be made under the Dircdions of the faid Perfons,

* and all Ground applied to fuch Purpofes by them, fhould be veiled • in the faid Corporation for preferving and repairing the Port of * Dublin : And whereas it is expedient to provide for the due Ap*

* plication of whatever Sums may be granted or appropriated by Par-4 liament for the Improvement or towards thq completing of the (aid

* Harbour;

Digitized by i^ooQle

A.D.iSio,

50° GEO. III.	C.	72.	173

*	Harbour; and further, to provide for.the making and executing 4 the Roads* Quays and Works neceflary for the Completion and

*	Improvement of the faid Harbour: ’ May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord!

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-

fembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the feveral Per- Coramiflfioiwrs foas heretofore appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for «■«*** the time being for the Purpoie of carrying into Execution the herein-before recited A A of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign* and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as fhall or may from time to time be appointed or authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for the Purpofes of this '

Ad: Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for the I«ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to revoke the Appointment of any fuch Perfon or Perfons to be fuch Commiflioner or Commiffioners, and from time to time to nomi* nate and appoint fuch other Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiflioner or Commiffioners as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being fhall think fit.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Com- Coramiflioneri to miffioners, and each of them, fhall take and fubferibe the Oath fol- tok.e and lowing before he or they fhall take upon him or themfelves the Exe- fcnbt cution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than adminiftering the faid Oath.

4 T A. B. do fwear* That I will, without Favour or Affedion,

4 Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, according to the beft 4 of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every the 4 Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Commiflioner, repofed in me 4 under and by virtue of an Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of the 4 Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, [here f*

4 forth tht Title of this AQ.	^

Which Oath any One of the faid Commiflioners, or any Perfori named in any Appointment of Commiflioners, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter at the Firft or any other Meeting to be held by virtue of this Ad.

IIL And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful Cotamiffionen for the Commiffioners for the Purpofes of this Ad for the time beings way appoint or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required OdScenand from time to time to nominate and appoint by Writing under their C°nlr^,# Hands a Secretary, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, and alfo from time to time to employ fuch Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and fuch Labourers and Workmen as ibe faid Commiflioners fhall think proper and expedient for the better carrying into Execution the Puroofes of this Ad ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contrad and agree yrith any fit and proper Perfon or Perfons, Arti* fleers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing and preparing of	*

all pr any of the Roads and Works by this Ad authorized or direded to be done and performed, or any rart thereof, or for fupplying any of the Materials for the fame* which Contrad fhall be figued by the Contrad by Perfon or Perfons contrading or agreeing to perforin fuch Works whomfigned.

refpedively,

Digitized by

Google

m

C. 7i.

56* GEO. nt.

A.©* 181ft

Gimmiffioner* nay bring and defend A&ions in rhe Name of their Secretary.

Frovifo for Re-imburfement of Secretary.

Commiffionen empowered to •Mcuit Adi.

yefpeftively* and alfo by Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, or by the Secretary to the faid Comrhiffionera, authorized under the Hands of Thrfee of the faid Commifiioners for that Purpofe; and all Contracts which (hail have been made or entered into at any time before the pafling of this Aft, by or on behalf ot* under the Authority of the Commiflioners nominated and appointed in pttrfuance of the feid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year, fliaH be and the famb are hereby declared good, valid hnd effeftual te all Intents and Purposes* and (hall be carried into effeft in like manner as Contracts to be made under the Authority of this prefent Aft.

IV. And be it further cnafted, That the faid Cemihiffioners may fise and be ftsed ita the Name 6f their Secretary for the time being, •and that ail Aftions, Suits, Profecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings tvhatfoever that may be necefiary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of arty Penalty oj* SOm of Money due or payable by virtue bf this A ft* to be had, taken, profeeuted or defended by dr again ft the faid Commifiioners, fhall be had, taketa, pro-fecuted or defended in the Name of their Secretary, and that no A c-tion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal dr other Proceeding tt> be had, taken, profeeuted or defended by or agaiuft the faid Corrf-miflioners in the Name of their Secretary, (hall abate or be difeon-tinued by the Death, Sufpenfiofc dr Removal of foch Secretary, or by any Aft or Default of fuch Secretary done or fuffered, without the Confent or Direftron of the faid Commiffibnert, but tha: the Secretary to the faid Commifiioners for the time being (hall bfe always demed the Plaintiff, Profecutor, Informant, Appellant* Defendant or Refpondent, in any fuch Aftion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings (as the Cafe may be), except in fuch Aftion or Aftions, Suit or Suits, as (hall be profeeuted between the faid Commifiioners and their Secretary for the time being, in which Aftion or Suit any One of the faid Commifiioners (hall of may be Plaintiff pr Defendant (as the Cafe may be) * Provided always, that every fuch Secretary in whofe Name any fuch Aftrois, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding (hall be had, taken* profeeuted or defended rn purfofcnce of this or the laid recited Aft, (hall be folly re-itoburfed feud paid out <6f the Mo. wfes applicablejto the Purpofes of this Aft, uFl fuch Gefta, Charge*, Damages and Expences as by the Events or in confequence bf any fiich Aftion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal ck bthet Proceedings, he or they fliail piy, bear, foftain, expend or be put jihtb br become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly ‘entitled to by reafon of hia or their being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendaire or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or AppeHahtt, Refpondent or Refpondents as afore fa id, unlefs fuch Aftfon xk Suit (hall arife in confeqoertce of his oWn wilfnl Ne^feft br Default*, or have been brought or commenced, 6r be defended without thh Order or Direftionof the faid Commi(fcohel*9.

V. And be it further enafted, That the fafd Corrnttiflfoners 'fhalj and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed Sn tbfc improving and completing of the faid H&rWfcuf, and in the making land completing a Road and Quay afong the Beach arrd Shore of the faid Harbour weft ward of the Pier or Mote already in part erefted, and to make fuch other Roads and Ways at they may thmk necef-<ary for tb« Conveyance of Material^ to the faid Works* and to I	malwL

Digitized by

Google

AD./Bib*	GEO.	IDU	>75

make rod maintain Refervotrs far fa^piyfagr with Water Shipping reforting to the (aid Harboftr; and that far toe Purpofes of this Act, all Piers, Buildings and Works whatfoever heretofore made, etvfted or boik in the whole or in part at any time before the palling of this Aft, and all Ground applied to fnch PmpoTes under the Authority of the faid recked Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid, or by 45 G. 3. t.113. or under the Authority or Dire&ians of the Commiflioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland fence the p&ifing of the laid incited Ad, and all Roads, Piers* Quays* Ereftiora and Buildings whatfoever which (hall or may be made, erefted Or built at any timte after the paf&ng of this Aft, and all Ground supplied to fiich Puru pofes under the Authority of this Aft or of the Commiflioners hereby appointed, and alfo all fuch Land and Ground, Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand within the (aid Harbour as is or are overflowed by the Tide id the Sea, fhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the (aid Com-iniffibners for the Purpofes of this Aft until the faid Harbour fhall be folly completed by and under the Direftion of the faid CommifTioi»ers; Ground, &c* and from and after the time when the faid Commiflioners fhall deem rriled in the Improvement of the (aid Harbour completed, teftified by the&r Coroaitfionsri. Reprefentation to that Efieft to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chirf Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, all the faid Harbour fa improved, and all Roads, Piers,'Quays, Works and other Ereftioa* and Buildings fo heretofore made or which hereafter (Hall be made, erefted or built under the Authority of tlfer Aft, or of the Compiiffiomert appointed Under this Aft, and the Ground and Soil on which the fame are or fhall be erefted and bufif, fhall be and the fame are hereby vefted, and fhall be ami remain veiled in the Corporation for preferving and repairing the Port of Dublin ; and from thenceforth tall the Powers by this or any other Aft given to or vefted in the Commiflioners for the Execution 01 this Aft, fliall be vefted in and executed by the faid Corporation; and the faid Corporation fhall apply the Sums in and for the Maintenance and Improvement of the faid Harbour, and of the Roads, Quays, Works, Ereftions and Buildings fo becoming vefted in them under the Authority of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall and biay be lawful Land* may bn ‘to and for the Agents, Workmen and Servants of the faid Com- entered for miffipnero from time to time to enter upon all Lands or Grounds of Surrey,

any Perfon3, .Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in, upon Or

through which any of the Roads, Prert, Quays, Works, Ercftiotis

and Buildings authorized to be made under this Aft are intended to

be made, in order to furvey and take Levels of the fame, and to fat

out and cfceftain fuch Parts thereof as the faid Commiflioners fhall

think neceflary or proper for the Purpofes of this Aft, fuch Agents

or Servants- making Satisfaction for fuch Damage as they fhall do Setisfaftion f<*

thereby to the Occupiers of fuch Lands or GrOurtds for the tiirie Damage*.

bring, in cafe the lame fhall exceed the Sum of One Shilling

Sterijng.

VII.	And, for the improving and completing the faid Harbour, Powers to Com* and making, ufmg and maintaining all fuch Roads, Ways, Piers, miffionerjto Docks, Quays, Refervoirs, Works, Ereftioris and Buildings, as the «nter

faid Commiflioners fliall deem neceflary for that Purpofe, and for the ^ Materials? Execution of this Aft, according to the Tenor and Intent of the fame. Be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners and their Agents* Servants and Workmen, and

they

Digitized by

Google

-AJD.iSio.

V6

C.7*.

5a* GEO» IB.

To wtVe Ronds

for conveying Materials.

*hey are hereby authorized and empowered in, upon and through any Lands or premifes being thfe Property of or belonging to the King** Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, or of any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and lituate within Three Miles of the faid Harbour, or at Dalher or Bullock, on the South Side of the Bay of Dublin (not being within Three hundred Yard* of any Capital Man lion -houfe, nor within any Plantation, Avenue or Pleafnre Ground, nor Garden attached to any Capital Manfion»houfe» planted, made or formed before the palling of this Adt, nor in any Deer Park iqclofed with a Wall prior to the palling of this Adi, and actually occupied at ihe time with Deer), to enter and to quany, dig, remove, take and carry swav all fuch Stone, Limeflone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Materials ((landing Timber only excepted) in, out of, upon and from fuch Lands and Grounds as may be neoeffary or convenient to be employed for the Purpofes of this Adi, and alfo to place, lay, work or manufa&urt all fuch Stone, Litnellone, Gravel, Sand or other Materials which (hall be fo dug or got as aforef:id, on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the fame (hall be fo dug or got, or where the fame (hall be ufed or employed for the Purpofes of this Act 5 and alfo to make, maintain and ufe fuch good and fufficient Roads and Ways as the faid Commiflioners (hall think neceflary or convenient for conveying all fuch Stone, Limeftone, Gravel, Sand and other Materials fo cut, dug, quarried or obtained, taken away and removed for the Purpofes of this Adi, from the Place and Places where the fame (hall be refpedlively fo cut and dug, and quarried or obtained, to the Places where the fame (hall be employed for the Purpofes of this Adi, they the faid Commiflioners making Satisfadlion in manner by this Adi diredled to the Owners and Proprietors of all fuch Lands and Premifes for all Damages by them done or to be done in the Execution of this Adi.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in and upon any Land or Premifes by this Adi veiled in the faid Commif-fioners, or wh;ch the faid Commiflioners may enter on or purchafe by virtue of this Adi, to make, eredl, complete and maintain all and every or any fuch Ways, Roads, Fences, Piers, Docks, Quays, Refervoirs, Works, Eredlions and Buildings whatever, as and where the faid Commiflioners lhall think requifite and convenient for the Purpofes of this Adi, and alfo to make, eredl, complete and main* tain fuch Waterworks, Refervoirs and other Engines and Works as the faid Commiflioners (hall deem neceflary and expedient, for fpp-plying the Shipping which may refort to the faid Harbour with Water from any Stream of Water now running or flowing into the Sea at the Harbour of Howtb ; and alfo to make and do all other Matter* and Things whatever.which they the faid Commiflioners fhall, from time to time think fit, neceflary and convenient for making, effedling, extending, improving* prelerving, completing and ufing the faid Harbour, and all Roads, Ways, Piers, Docks, Quays, Works, Eredlions and Buildings relating thereto, irv purfuance and within the true Meaning of this Adi, they the:faid Commiflioners. 8ati»fa&ton for making Satisfaction in manner by this Adi diredled for all Damages PmMgt*. and Injuries done to any Lands and Premifes which lhall be damaged * or prejudiced by the taking of any Materials on by tbe. making of

.8	any

To imlce Rnadfe .Quays and W«rrV

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io<

*77

5o0 GEO. III.	C.	72.

any temporary Roads for the Conveyance of fuch Materials for the Purpoft-s of this Ad 5 and alfo making Satisfadion in manner by this Ad direded for the Purchafe of any Lands and Premifes required to be employed, taken or ufed in making, completing or maintaining any permanent Roads, or in the making, ereding, completing or maintaining of any Piers, Docks, Quays, Refervoirs, Waterworks, Engines, Works, Eredions and Buildings whatfoever for the Purpofes of this Ad; and this Ad (hall be fufficient to indemnify the faid Commiflioners and their Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Perfons whomfoever, for whatever they or t any of them (hall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

IX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners for the time being to treat and agree with all and every or any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who is, are or may be the Inheritor or Inheritors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premifes required for the Purpofes of this Ad, for the Purchafe of fuch Land or Premifes, or relative to and concerning any Compenfation or Satisfadion which any fuch Perfon or Perfons may claim or demand for any Damage or Damages which he, (he or they may fuffer or fuftain by reafon of the Execution of this Ad ; and it (hall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Huf-bands. Guardians, Tenants in Tail, Truftees and Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Tiuftees whomfoever, not only for or on behalf of therafelves, their Heirs and Suc-ceffors, but alfo for and on behalf of their feveral and refpedive CeJJuique Trulls, whether Infants, Iflue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Married Women, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all married Women who are or (hall be feifed, pofleffed of or intereiled in any Lands ufed or reauired for the Purpofes of this Ad, whether entitled in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or otherwife, to contrad and agree for, and to fell ana convey unto the faid Commiflioners, or to luch Perfons as they (hall nominate and appoint for the Purpofes of this Ad, all or any Part of any Lands or Premifes which (hall from time to lime be ufed or required for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and alfo to claim and demand, and to contrad and agree with the faid Commif# fioners for any Compenfation or. Satisfadion for any Damage or Damages which fuch Body Politick or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons, or his or their Lands or Premifes refpedively may fuffer by reafon of the Execution of this Ad ; and in cafe fuch Treaty or Treaties (ball end in an Agreement or Agreements, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiflioners to take and accept of a Conveyance or Conveyances of fuch Land or Premifes as they (hall purchafe from fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate or any of them, and to take and accept of a Releafe or Releafes, Dif-charge or Difcharges, for fuch Satisfadion or Compenfation as afore-laid, which Conveyance or Conveyances, Releafe or Releafes, Dif-charge or Difcharges, (hall be binding and conclufive to and upon the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, executing the fame, and all Perfons claiming under them 5 and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Perfons whofoever fo contrad-ing or agreeing, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them (hall refpedively do by virtue of or in purfuance of this Ad 5 and the Expence of all fuch Contrads, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances an^ 50 Geo. III.	N	Affurances,

Digitized by

Google

Commiffioner* empowered to agree with Inheritors of Ground for Purpofes of A&.

Infants, Sue.

Satisfadion (be Damage*.

Erpence of Com. * tracts defrayed.

17*

A.D.i8i*.

C. 74.	508	GEO.	III.

JfVrm of Con* uadi.

Affurances, fhaU be defrayed out of the Money granted for the Purpofes of this A&; andfuch of them as (hall be made for the conveying of any Lands or Premifes to the faid Commiffioners, (hall be made according to the following Form ; (that is to fay),

*	J A. B. of	in	confederation	of	the

*	Sum of	to	me	paid by the

*	Commiffioners appointed to carry into Execution an A& palled 1 in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,

*	\here infert the Title of this AA\^ do hereby grant, convey and dif-

*	pofe to the faid Commiffioners, all \jdcfcriling the Land or Pre-

*	m'tfes to he conveyed]^ and all the Eflate, Right, Title and Intereft *

*	ot me the faid A, B. my Heirs and Affigns, and of all Perfons

*	claiming or to claim by, from or under the laid A. B. to and in the « fame and every Part thereof, to hold the fame to the faid Commif-

*	fioners and their Succeffers for ever, by virtue of and according to

*	the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purpofes of the faid A6t

*	of Parliament. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand

4 this	Day	of	in the Year of

*	our Lord	.*

In default of

Agreement,

Jury fummoned.

Precept to Sheriff.

Penalty.

ttn.a. (I.)

4.6.

X. And be it further etia&ed, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners, by reafon of Non-age, Coverture, Intail, Infinity, or other legal Impediment in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premifes ufed or required for the Purpofes of this A&, Or from any other Caufe or Reafon, cannot or (hall not agree with the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Land or Premifes, as afore-faid, relative to the Purchafe of any fuch Land or Premifes, or relative to any Satisfa&ion or Compenfation for Damages to fuch Land or Premifes, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, (not being inte* refted in the Quedion to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money claimed or to be paid for fuch Land or Premifes or Damages refpedtively, or any Part thereof) to iffue a Warrant Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of Dublin, in cafe the fame (hall be within his Bailiwick, or to the Sheriff of the County in whofe Bailiwick the fame (hall be, thereby commanding and requiring fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs to impanrtel and return a competent Number of fubftantial and difinte-refted Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries, not lefs than Thirty fix nor more than Sixty, and fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs is and are hereby empowered to impanpel and return fuch Jury accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt by any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame in any Court of Record; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Perfons (hall be drawn by fome Perfon to be named by the faid Com-raiffioners, or any Three of them as aforefaid, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of I flues joined in His Majefty’s Four Courts in Dublin, by an A& made in Ireland.in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An AH for the better regulating of Juries, are dire&ed to be drawn ; which Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them as aforefaid, at fuch Time and Place as in «fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, (hall be directed and

appointed.

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8xo.

179

$00 GEO. III.	C.	7*.

appointed, and to attend the fa id Commiffioners until difcbarged by the (aid Commiflioners ; and all Parties concerned (hall and may have their lawful Challenges againft any of the Card Jurymen, but (hall not Chtllen"#. be at liberty to challenge the Array ; and the faid Commiflioners or any Three of them (not being interefted as aforefaid), are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occafton (hall require, to call before them and the faid Jury all and every Perfon and Perfon9 whomfoever who (hall be thought proper Or neceflary to be examined as Witneffes before them; and the faid Witnrfiu Jury, on their Oath or Oaths touching and concerning the Premifes, and the faid Conuniflioners or aoy Three of them, if they (hall think fit* (hall and may likewife authorize the faid Jury to view the Place or Places in Queftion in fuch manner as they (hall diredt, and (hall have Power to adjourn fuch Meeting from Day to Day as occafion (ball require, and to command fuch Jury, Witnefles and Parties to attend until fuch Purpofes for which they were fummoned (hall Be concluded ; and the faid Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo 10 en<Juyre the Oaths to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be called upon to give &c*

Evidence, the faid Commiflioners or any One of them, not being us-tefefted as aforefaid, are and is hereby empowered and required to adminifler) (hall enquire of the Value of fuch Ground and Premifes as (hall be required to be purchafed for the Purpofes of this Acl, and of the refpe&ive Eftate, Right, Title, Term and Intcreft of every Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, feifed or poflfefled thereof or interefted therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and alfo what Compenfation and Satisfaction, if any, (hall be awarded and paid to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Damage or Damages which they or any of them may Damages, coafequeotly or otherwife fuffer or fuftain, or have fuffered or fuftained by any AA, Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this A 61, and (haU aflefs and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe of fuch his, her or their refpective Eftates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interefta as aforefaid, or for any fuch Damage or Damages as aforefaid ; and the laid Commiflioners, or any Three of them (not being interefted as aforefaid), (hall artd may give Judgment for fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be aflefled and awarded, which faid VerdiCt or Verdi&s, and the faid Judgment or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate interefted, at leaft Fourteen Days before the time of the Firft Meeting of the faid Jury, declaring tbe time and Place of the Meeting, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling-houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at his, her or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, if then refident within Ireland, and if not, then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of fuch Perfon as (hall be then abfentfrom Inland, or if a Body Politick or Coporate, then with the oftenlible or waiting Officer of fuch Body Politick or Corporate) /hall be binding and conclufive to Judgment all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever againft all and every Perfon or conclufiv* Perfons, Bodies <aud Body Politick aud Corporate, claiming any Eftate, Right, Title, Truft, Ufe or Intereft in, to or out of any fuch Land and Premifes, either in PofTeflion, Reverflon, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Iflue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Perfons under any legal Incapacity or Difsbi-lity, as all other Cejluique Trufts, his, her and their Heirs, Succeflors,

N 2	Executora

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.i8io,

180

Jury to value Ground aocoid-ing to its

State.

Expence of Juries hovr paid.

Perfons requeft-ing a Jury to enter into Bond to profecute.

Provif#

C. 72.	50®	GEO-	III.

Executors and Adminiftrators, and againft all other Perfons whom-foever ; and the faid Verdi&s, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners and Juries to be made, given and pronounced as aforefaid, fhall be fairly written on Parchment, and figned and feaied by the faid Commiflioners who (hall pronounce fuch Judgment.

A I. And be it further ena&ed, That where the Value of any Land or Premifes, or the Recompence for any Damage done or to be done in any Land or Premifes, fhall be fubmitted to a Jury, fuch Land or Premifes and the Damage done thereto fhall be valued by fuch Jury with refpeft to the State, Situation and Value of fuch Land and Premifes, in like manner as if the faid recited A& of the Forty fifth Year or this A& had not been made ; and not according to the additional Value which fuch Land or Premifes fhall or may acquire by the improving and completing of the faid Harbour, or by any future Improvement to be made in fuch Land or Premifes in confequence of the Expenditure which fhall be laid out for the Purpofes of this A&.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That in all Cafes where a Verdidl or AfTeflment fhall be given or made for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfa&ion for any Lands or Premifes, or for any Damage done or to be done to the fame, than had been previoufly offered by or on behalf of the faid Commiflioners, all the Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and of taking fuch Inqueft fhall be defrayed by the faid Commiflioners; but if any Verdift or AfTeflment fhall be given or made for no more or for a lefs Sum than had been previoufly offered by or on behalf of the faid Commiflioners, then, and in ever)' fuch Cafe, the Cofts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Inqueft fhall be borne and paid by the Party to whom fuch Offer was previoufly made by fuch Commiflioners: Provided alw ays, that where by reafon of Abfence, any Perfon or Perfons fhall be prevented from treating with the faid Commiflioners, all the Cofts and Expences of fummoning the Junr and taking fuch Inqueft fhall be borne and paid by the faid Commiflioners.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That all Perfons making Complaints and requefting fuch Jury, for the afeertaining the Value of any Lands or Premifes, or the Amount of any Recompence or Satisfa&ion for any Damage done or to be done to the fame, fhall, before the faid Sheriff fhall be obliged to fummon fuch Jury, firft enter into a Bond with Two Sureties to the Secretary or Clerk of the faid Commiflioners for the time being, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, to profecute fuch his, her or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Cofts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Inqueft, in cafe a Verdidt fhall be given for no more or a lefs Sum than had been offered by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners before fummoning aud returning the faid Jury or Juries, as the Value or as a Recompence or Saitisfa&ion for any Lands or Premifes, or for any Damages as aforefaid : Provided always, that if the Perfon fo requefting fuch Jury (hall refufe to enter into fuch Bond as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners under this Aft to require fuch Jury to be lummoned, and the fame fhall be fum-monea accordingly by the Sheriff, and the Expence -of fummoning fuch Jury, and of taking the Inqueft by them, fhall be defrayed in manner and under the Regulations hereinbefore provided, mentioned and contained.

XIV.	And

Digitized by Google

A.D.1810.	506 GEO. III.	C.	72.	181

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon Payment of fuch Sum l>>o Payment

cr Sums of Money fo to be awarded or adjudged to the Perfon or of Sums awarded, Perfons to whom the fame (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of Co«vcy»mw to any fuch Ground or Premifes as aforefaid, or for the Purchafe of any	°m"

ElUte, Right, Title, Term or Intereit therein, fuch Perfon or Persons fhall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed Conveyances to the faid Commiflioners of fuch Ground and Premifes

as aforefaid, or of fuch Eflate, Right, Title, Term or Intereft for which fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded in the Form hereinbefore fet forth, and (hall procure all neceffary Parties to execute fuch Conveyances, Alignments and Affurance9, and fhall do all A&s, Matters and Things necefTary and requifite to make a good, clear and perfeA Title to the faid Commiflioners ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded by way of Satisfa&ion and Com- , pen fat ion for any fuch Damages as aforefaid, fhall give and perfect to the faid Commiflioners a full and fufficient Releafe, Acquittance and Discharge from all Claims and Demands for or on account of all Damages for which fuch Sum fhall be awarded as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch Verdi&s, Judg- VerM*tob« meets, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the faid eutcred* Commiflioners and Juries as relate to or concern the Premifes aforefaid, fhall be entered in the Rolls Office of the faid Court of Chancery,

and the fame, or true Copies thereof, fhall be deemed and taken to be good and fufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts Copies Evident*, of Law or Equity whatfoever; and immediately on the Entry of fuch VerdidU, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners and Juries as aforefaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed on or adjudged On Payment, or awarded either for the Purchafe of any Land or Premifes, or as a Satisfa&ion or Compenfation for any Damages, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ground or Premifes, or to the Perfon or Per-fons who fhall be entitled to receive fuch Money, or on Payment of fuch Money refpedting which any Difficulties, Difputes or Differences ihall arife, into the Bank of Ireland in manner and for the Purpofes herein mentioned, all the Eitate, Right, Title, Term, Intereft, Ufe, Truit, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Perfon or Perfons to whom or for whofe Ufe fuch Money fhall be paid as aforefaid, into and out of all Ground and Premife9 which Premifes toveft fhall be fo purchaled, fhall veft in the faid Commiflioners for the m Corporation. Purpofes of this Adt, and the faid Commiflioners fhall be deemed in Law to be in the adtual Pofleflion thereof to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate to whom any fuch Satisfaction or Compenfation as aforefaid fhall be awarded, fhall from thenceforth be for ever barred from claiming any further or other Satisfa&ion or Compenfation whatfoever for any Damage which they or any of them (hall fuftain by the means aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it fuither enadled. That the Conveyance to the Conveyances of faid Commiflioners of any fuch Effate and Interefl of any Feme Co- Eflate, &c. vert in or to any fuch Ground or Premifes as aforefaid, by Bargain tfiedtuak

and Sale acknowledged by fuch Feme Covert in fuch manner as Bargains and Sales are ufually acknowledged, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of His Majefty’a High Court of Chancery in Ireland within

N 3	Six

Digitized by Google

Six Months after the making thereof, (hall as effeftually and absolutely convey the Eftate and Intereft of fuch Feme Coverts in the Pre** tnifes as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries (hould or could do if levied or, fuffered thereof in due Form of Law ; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatfoever to be made of any Ground or Premifes which (hall be purchafed by the faid Commiffiuners by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall have the like Force, Effedi and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatfoever would have if levied or fuffered by the Bargain or Bargains, or any Perfon feifed of any Eftate in the Premifes in truft for or to the Ufe of fuch Bargain or Bargains in any legal Manner and Form whatfoever.

Compenfation XVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here'll applied. ditaments purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers and for the Purpofes of this Aft, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difabiiity or Incapacity, or feifed or poflefled of only a particular or determinable Eftate or Intereft therein, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account t* parte the Commiffioners for executing this Aft ; to the Intent that fuch Money may be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands ©r Hereditaments, towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances .or Part thereof as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid affefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then- the fame (ball be Laid out under laid out and inverted, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the Direftion of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchaftd, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting, undetermined and capable of taking EfFeft ; and in the mean time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be vefted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of fome of the Publick Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, and in the mean time and until the faid Publick Funds or Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid &tvdeit4ft &«, Funds or Annuities (hall, from time to time, be paid by Order of how applied. lhe faid Court>

to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments fo hereby direfted to be purchafed in cafe fuch purchafe or Settlement were made,

XVIII. Provided

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io*	5a0	GEO.	III.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Corporation Money Co agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Heredi- left than aool. tameBts purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and an'| belonging to any Corporation or to any Perfon or Perfons under In- how applied, capacity or Difability as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two

Hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in fuch cafe, the fame (hall (at the Option of the Perfon or Per-fons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments taken or ufed, or of his or her or their Guardian dr Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Handsj be paid into the faid Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the (aid Accountant General of the faid High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore direfted, or othervvife the fame (hall be paid, at tlie like Option, to Two Trullees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the Commiffioners for executing this Aft, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignificd in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends ariiing therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the fame may be applicable without obtaining or being required t<v obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery*

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch where Money Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as laft before mentioned (hall lefs than 20k be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch cafes, the fame ho* applied, (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for

the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft (hall think (it, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to hi3, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to aud for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Per- In wfc of not fens to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to be making out paid as aforefaid, (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, or any Three

or more of them, or (hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or fuch Releafe, Acquittance or Difchftrge as is required by this Aft, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid cannot be ioand, or in cafe it (hall not fatisfaftorily appear to fuch Commiffioners what Shares and Proportions of any Purchafe Money or Recompence for Damages ought to be paid or allowed to any Teopnt or other Perfon having a particular Eftate, Term or Intereft in4ny Premifes; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to any Lands, or Perfons not Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miffionen, pr any Three or more of them, to order the (aid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded ta be paid intor the Bank of Irelands in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid

N 4	Court

C.	18 j

Digitized by Google

A.D.1810.

Subjc^ to Order Of Court.

In what cafe

Purchaser deemed entitled according to Poffeflion.

Court may order

Fx|X?nce* of Purchaffs to be paid by Trullccs.

C. 73.	50* geo. in.

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [deferibing them'], fubjed to the Order, Controul and Difpofition df the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to drder the fame to be laid out and in veiled in the Publick Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Interell thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Ellates, Title or Interell of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of Ireland, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where any Quellion (hall ariie touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland', in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Ellate, Right or Interell in any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of this Ad, or to any Publick Funds or Annuities to be purchaled with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interell of any fuch Funds or Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffef-fion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Interell of the Funds or Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Funds or Annuities, lhall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Ellate or Interell therein.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That when by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan* eery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Ad, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or f© much of fuch Expences a6 the faid Court lhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Commitiioners

out

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

50® GEO. III.	C.	72.	185

out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fucli Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be ComroiflWr»

lawful for the faid Commidioners from time to time to make, ereft **** b»ll«l 1Vt<, and build, in and upon the Ifland called Ireland's Eye, and in the	*	*

Sea between the faid Idand and the Main Land, fuch Piers, Quays, * *

Works, Ereftions and Buildings as to the faid Commidioners (hall	T

feem necedary or expedient for the more effectual Improvement and Completion of the faid Harbour of Nowth, or of the Security and

Facility of the Accefs of Veffels thereto ; and that all fuch Piers,

Quays, Works, Ereftions and Buildings at the faid Idand, or in the Sea between the fame and the Main Land, (hall be made, erefted and built under the Powers and Provifions of this Aft ; and the faid Com-miflioners (hall have all fuch Powers for making, erefting and building the fame, and for obtaining Materials for the fame, as are by this Aft given to or vefted in the laid Commidioners with refpeft to the faid Harbour; and all fuch Piers, Quays, Works, Ereftions and Vefted in Buildings whatfoever, (hall be and become velted in the faid Com- Commiifioutiv midioners, and afterwards in the Corporation for preserving and re-pairing the Port of Dublin, in like manner as is in this Aft provided with refpeft to the Piers, Quays, Works, Ereftions and Buildings whatfoever heretofore made or hereafter to be made, erefted and built in or about the faid intended Harbour of Howth ; and all the Provifions of this Aft (hall extend to all fuch Piers, Quays, Works,

Ereftions and Buildings whatfoever in the faid Idand called Irelandns Eye, in like manner as the fame are extended to the faid Harbour and the other Works in this Aft before mentioned.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall Obftrufting E*?* wilfully obdruft, moled or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Work- «cutionof Aft. man or Labourer employed by the faid Commidioners for the Purpofes of this Aft, in the Performance of his or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Aft, every Perfon fo offending

(haU forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Five Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings ; and if any Perfon (hall wilfully and to the Prejudice of the faid Harbour break, throw down, damage or dedroy any Pier, Dock, Quay, R-'fervoir, Erection, Machine, Building or Work whatever, heretofore erefted or made, or hereafter to be erefted or made by virtue of this Aft, or any Part thereof, or (hall obdruft, hinder or divert the Courfe of any Obftm&ing Stream of Water, which at any time before the pading of this Act t °urfe of ran or flowed into the Sea at the faid Harbour, or (hall do any Waler> other wilful Hurt or Mifchief to obdruft, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, fupporting, improving and maintaining of the faid Harbour, or. of any Waterworks or other Works erefted under this Aft, every fuch Perfon (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony ; and Felony, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted,

(hall be fubj; ft to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony, and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convifted, (ball have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like manner as Felons are direfted to be punilhed by the Law of Ireland; or in Mitigation of fuch Puni(hment fuch Court may award fuch leffer Puniftiment as to fuch Court (hall feem proper.

XXV.	And be it further enaftedj That every Fine, Penalty Penalties how

and recovered,

Digitized by CjOOQle

JliftrtGi.

Jmprifoninent.

Limitation of Actions.

Ctneral Iffuc.

Double Colb.

and Forfeiture .inflifted by this Aft, (the levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly hereinbefore direfted) fhall and may be recovered on Conviftion of the Offender by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, or on his own Confefiion, before any One Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence (hail be committed or the Offender fhall be; and every fuch Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture (hall and may, in cafe of Non-payment thereof, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effefts of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any fuch Juf-tice of the Peace, and every fuch Jufticc is hereby authorized and required to examine Witueffes upon Oath, and to hear and determine all Complaints touching any fuch Offence or Offences ; and every Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly direfted), fliall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the faid Commiflioners, and fliall be applied and difpofed •f to the Purpofes of this Aft ; and the Overplus of the Money yaifed by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, after dedufting fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Effefts fo diftrained ; and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, or in cafe the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice by Warrant under his Hand, to commit fuch Offender to the Common Goal dr Houfe of Correftion, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXVI. And be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done by virtue of in puriuance of this Aft, until Twenty one Days Notice thereof in Writing fhall have been given to the laid Commiflioners, nor after a fufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after fix Calendar Months next after the Faft committed; and eveiy fuch Aftion fhall be brought in forae of His Maiefly’s Courts of Record at Dublin, and fhall be laid in the County or Dublin and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Suit fliall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur-fuance and by the Authority of this Aft ; and if the fame fhall appear fo to be done, or if fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought without Twenty one Days Notice thereof, or fhall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, that then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of his, her or their Action or Aftions, or if a Verdift fhould oafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mail have Double Cofts, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other Cafes of Law.

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

CAP. LXXIII.

An A ft to alter, explain and amend the Laws new in force refpefting the Trade of Bakers^ refiding out of the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.	[9th	June	1810.]

WHEREAS an A ft was parted in the Thirty firft Year of the 01 G. 2.c. 29. Reign of Hi* late Majefty King George the Second, inti-• tulfd, An Aft for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price * and AJfi%e thereof and to punijh Perfons who Jhall adulterate Meal,

• Flour or Bread: And wherea* an Aft was parted in the Third 3C.3. c. 6.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefect Majefty King George the Third,

4 irtituled, An Aft for explaining and amending an Aft made in the 4 Thirty frjl Tear of the Reign of His late Majejly King George * the Second, intituled, An Aft for the due making of Breads and to 4 regulate the Price and AJftxe thereof and to punijh Perfons who 4 Jhall adulterate MeaU Flour or Bread: And whereas an Aft was 13 G. 3. c. 62.

4 parted in the Thirteenth Year of His laid prefent Majefty's Reign,

4 intituled. An Aft for better regulating the AJjtxe and making of 4 Bread: And whereas fome of the Regulations and Provifiona 4 contained in the faid feveral Aft* have been found defeftive, and in 4 fome refpefts injurious to the Bakers and the Publick ; and it is 4 therefore expedient that the fame rtiould be altered and amended,

4 and more effeftual Provifions made for afeertaining the due Weight 4 of Bread, and for the better Obfervance of the Lord's Day, cora-4 manly called Sunday :' May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiiem-Wed, and by the Authority of the fame. That if any Perfon or SellingBreafl Perfons refiding beyond he City of London or the Liberties thereof, Aon of Weight, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who {hall make any Bread for Sale, or who fhall fend out or expofe to or for Sale any Bread which fhall be deficient in Weight, according to the Aflize which fhall be fet for any fuch Bread from time to time to be fold at, in purfuancc of any Aft or A£ts then in force for regulating the Price and Aflize of Bread, then it fhall be lawful for any Magilirate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace within the Limits of their refpeftive Juriidiftion6, before whom any Information fhall be given upon the Oath of One or more credible Witneffes of any luch Deficiency in Weight, aad alfo for any Peace Officer or Offi- Search Warrsub ccrs authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices (and which Warrant any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant upon receiving fuch Information upon Oath as aforefaid) at feafonable Times in the Day Time to enter into any Houfe, Shop, Stall, Bakehoufe, Warehoufc or Out-houfe of or belonging to any fuch Baker or Seller of Bread, againft whom fuch Information fhall have been made as aforefaid, to fearch for, view, weigh and try all fuch Bread as fhall be then and there found, and fhall have been baked within Twenty four Hours next preceding the time of the fame having been fo weighed, and which Bread fhall be weighed by the Bufhel, or in any larger or (mailer Quantity, as may be found moft convenient; and if on the

weighing

Digitized by LjOOQle

A.D.t8io.

188

Short Weight. Final*.

Seizure.

Bakers to have Weights and Seales.

Penalty.

C. 73.	5©°	GEO. III.

weighing of fuch Bread any Deficiency (hall be found in its due Weight on the Average of the whole Weight of all fuch Bread as (hall be then and there found, and which (hall have been baked within Twenty four Hours as aforefaid, and which Deficiency (hall be proved before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the fame, then he or they fo offending in the Premifes, and being thereof con-vi£ed, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Ounce of Bread which (hall be found deficient in Weight on the Average of all fuch Bread as (hall have been fo weighed, and fo in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight lefs than an Ounce, as any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom any fuch Deficiency iu Weight (hall be proved as aforefaid (hall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted ; and any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, Peace Officer or. Officers, within the Limits of their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, may in fuch Cafe where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Average as aforefaid, feize all fuch Loaves as (hall be fo found deficient in their due Weight 5 and any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, may difpofe thereof as he or they in his or their Difcretion (hall think fit, except it (hall be proved to any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, by or on the Behalf of the Parties againit whom fuch Information (hall be made by the Oath, or Affirmation, being a Quaker, of any One or more retpedfable Houfe-keeper, that fuch Deficiency in Weight wholly arole from foroe unavoiable Accident in baking or otherwife, or was occafioned by or through fome Contrivance or Confederacy.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That every Baker and Seller of Bread beyond the faid Cityof London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the faid Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, (hall have fixed in fome convenient Place of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Affize Weight of a Half-peck Loaf, a Quartern Loaf, and a Half-quartern Loaf; and alfo of an Eighteen penny, One Shilling, Six penny and Three penny Loaf; and that any Perfon or Perfons who may purchafe any fuch Loaf or Loaves of Bread from any fuch Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, (he or they (hall think proper, require the fame to be weighed in his, her or their Prefence ; and if any fuch Loaf or Loaves (hall be found deficient in Weight, then the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame to be fo weighed, (hall have the Deficiency made up with other Bread or another Loaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be required by fuch Perfon or Perfons ; and any fuch Baker or Seller of Bread as aforefaid, who (hall negle& to fix fuch Beam and Scales in fome convenient Part of his or her Shop, or to provide and keep for Ufe proper Weights, or whofe Weights (hall be deficient in their due Weight, or who (hall refufe to weigh any Half-peck Loaf, Quartern Loaf, or Half quartern Loaf or Loaves purchafed in his, her or their Shop, in Prefence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and (hall be thereof convifted, either by the Oath of One or more credible Wit-nefs or Witneffes, or his, her or their own Confeflion, he, (he or they (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed (hall think, fit.

III. Provided

Digitized by

Google

A.D.1810.	$o° GEO. III.	C. 73.	189

III.	Provided always ar.d be it further ena&ed, That no Matter, BaVmgonSua-Miftrefs, Journeyman or other Perfon refpe&ivcly exercifing or em* daJ* ployed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, beyond the faid City of Londnn or the Liberties thereof, or beyond the faid Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, (hall, on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Houfehold or other Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or (hall on any Part of the faid Day, excepting between the Hours of Ten of the Clock Hour*, in the Forenoon and half paft One of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatfoever, fell or expofe to Sale, or permit or fufifer to be fold or expofed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or baku or deliver, or permit or fuffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Vi&uals, at any time after half paft One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, or in any other manner exercife the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in th£ Buttnefs or Occupation thereof, fave and except fo far a9 may be neceffary in fetting and fuperintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day’s Baking, and that no Meat, Pfidding, Pie, Tart or Victuals (hall be Setting and brought to or taken from any Bakehoufe during the time of Divine SilomreT Service in the Church of the Parifh, Hamlet or Place where the -fame is fituate, nor within one Quarter of an Hour of the time of Commencement thereof 5 and every Perfon offending againtt the foregoing Regulations, or any One or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery, hereby allowed between the Hours aforefaid, otherwife than within the Bakehoufe or Shop, and being thereof convilted before any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, within Two Days from the Commiflion thereof, either upon the View of fuch Juftice, or on Confefiion by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witnefs or Witneflei upon Oath, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit, pay and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Puni(hment hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay, for the nrft Offence any Sum not exceeding Flrft Offrnoe. Five Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Second Offence. Shillings, and for the Third and every lubfequent Offence refpec- ~ . tively any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Shillings, and (hall moreover offence, on every fuch Convi&ion, bear and pay the Cofts and Expences of the Profecution, fuch Cofts and Expences to be affeffed, fettled and ascertained by the Juftice convi&ing; and the Amount thereof, together with fuch Part of the Penalty as fuch Juftice (hall think proper, to be allowed to the Profccutor or Profecutors for Lofs of time in inttituting and following up the Profecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings ter Diem, and be paid to the Profecutor or Profecutors for his and tneir own Ufe and Benefit, and the Refi-due of fuch Penalty to be paid to fuch Juftice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be tranfmitted by him to the Churchwardens or Overfeer or Overfeers of the Parifti or Parifties where the Offence (hall be committed, lo be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in cafe the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Cofts and Expences as aforefaid, be not paid within Three Days after Conviftion of the Offender or Offenders, fach Juftice (hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, dire& the fame to be levied and raifed by Diftrefs and Sale of the Diftrvf*. Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default

or

Digitized by Google

39°	C.	73.74-

50° GEO. III.

. AD. f 8 io.

force.

Fubtirk Ad.

or Infufficiency of fuch Diftrefs commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Corredion on a Firft Offence for auy time not et-ceeding Seven Days, on the Second Offence for any time not ex-ceeding Fourteen Days, and on the Third or any fubfequeut Offence for any time not exceeding Twenty one Days, unlels the whole of the Penalty, Colls and Expences be looner paid and difchar#*!.

IV. Provided likewife, and be it further ena&ed, That neitltfr this A d nor any thing herein contained (liall exteud or be confined to extend to prejudice the ancient Right or Cuftom of the Two Univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market,, or the Pradice within the feveral Jurifdidions of the faid Univerfities or either of them u(ed to ascertain and appoint the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be fold or expofed to Sale within their feveral Jurifdidions, but that they and every of them (hall and may ieverally and refpedivsly from time to time, as there (hall bc*Occa(ion, afcertain and appoint within their feveral and refpcdive Jurifdidions the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be fold or expofed to Sale by any Baker or other Perfon whatfoever within the Limits of their feveral JurifdiCtioas, and (hall and may inquire and puniffi the Breach thereof as fully and freely in all refpeds as they ufed to do, and as if this Ad bad never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwkh-flanding.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the feveral Ads now in force, not altered or varied by any of the Provifions of this Ad, as far as the fame are or can be made applicable, and can be applied for the carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall be ufed, exercifed, and put in Execution for enforcing the Regulations, Provifions and Diredions of this Ad, in fuch and the fame manner as if the fame were herein contained, and were at large re-enaded and made Part of this Ad, and the Penalties by this Ad inflided (ball be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties by the faid feveral other Ads infiided are direded to be recovered and applied.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without besog fpecially

WE Your Majcfty’s nioit dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland In Parliament aflembled, being deiirous of railing the neoeffary Supplies to defray your Majefty’s Publick Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue of Ireland, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the Rates and Duties hereinafter mentioned; And do therefore moft humbly befecch your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be k

pleaded.

CAP. LXXIV.

enaded

3

Google

Digitized by

A.D.iSio.

50® GEO. in.	C.	74#	*9*

mfted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Gammons, in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Expiration of Ten Additional Rates Days after the paffing of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and of l’oftage» for the Poftmaiter or Poftmafters General of Ireland for the time beingi and hi* or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agent9, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, to have, demand, receive and take for the Portage and Conveyance^ all Letters and Packets which he or they (hall convey, carry or fend Poll to and from Places within Ireland, the additional Rates and Wlthiu Irelsml. Duties hereinafter fpecified, the fame being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to fay) for the Port and Conveyance of every fingle Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland* where fuch Letter or Piece of Paper (hall be put in, to any Dif-snee within Ireland', the Sum of One Penny, for every Doable Letter Two pence, for every Treble Letter Three pence, and for every Ounce m Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight Four pence, and fo in proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter; and that all Letters and Packets direfted Prom Ireland tw from any Place in Ireland, to any Part or Parts in Great Britain or G. B. &c. beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, (hall be charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland, from or to Dublin, Waters ford* Donaghadee, or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be eftabliffi-cd, as they (hall refpeftively be (hipped from or landed in any of the dud Places, according to the Additional Ratc9 aforefaid ; and that every Letter or Packet paffing through the General Pcft Office in the City of Dublin, from any Place within Ireland not lefs diftant than Four Miles from the General Poft Office in the faid City, to any Place within Ireland not ief3 diftant than Four Miles from the General Poft Office in the faid City, (hall be charged and pay according to the faid Additional Rates to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the faid Additional Rates from Dublin; all which Rates and Duties (hall be over and above the Duties of Poft age payable on any fuch Letters and Packets under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at the time of paffing of this

Aft.

II.	And be it enafted,_ That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffing of this Aft, fo much of an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for granting Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets fent by the Poft within Ireland, as relates to the Mode of folding printed Newfpapers fent by the Poft free of the Duty of Poftage, and as provides that no Newfpapers printed in Ireland (hall pafs free of Poftage, unlefa fuch Newfpapers (hall be put into the Poft Offices of the Cities and Towns where or in which fuch Newfpapers be printed, Two Hour9 at ieaft before the time of the Poft being difpatched therefrom, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

III.	And Beit further enafted. That the faid Rates and Duties Ha*«pwd i« hereby granted fhall be paid and payable in Irijh Currency, and (hall [n?\Cl,rreniC*# be nufed, levied, colle&ed, managed, recovered and applied, under levi a# *

fuch

43 G. a. c. at. § 16. §17.

repealed.

Digitized by CjOOQ le

40 G. 3.C..28.

Additional Duty on Windows iu Hott'es having mxout tlua Six.

Duty payable in Britiih Cuncncy.

Consolidated

Fund.

C. 74,75.	50° GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reftri£lion3, Penalties and Forfeitures, and fubjedl to the like Piro-viGons, Exemptions and Exceptions, and Privileges as are mentioned, exprefled and contained in an Adi made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled, An AS for granting to His Majejly certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets fent by the Poji within Ireland, or in any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets fent by the Pod within Ireland; and that all and every the Claufes, Matters and Things, in the faid recited Adi of the Forty third Year aforefaid, mentioned, exprefled and contained, or in any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating to fuch Rates and Duties, (hall be applied and extended, and (hall be conflrued to apply and extend ]to this prefent Act, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enadled in this prefent Adi, fave only fo far as refperis the Amount of Duties under the faid Adis or any of them, and fave and except fo far as the faid A6ts or any of them are altered or repealed by this Act.

CAP. LXXV.

An Acl to grant to His Majefty an additional Duty on Dwelling Houfes in Ireland, in refpe& of the Windows or Lights therein.	[15 th	1810.*]

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjedls the Com-mons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflemblcd, towards raiflng the neceflary Supplies to defray your Majefty’s Pub-lick Expences in Ireland. have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadle d by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-ral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and ten, there (hall be raifed, levied, col It died and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, over and above all Rates and Duties on Houfcs in Ireland in refpedl of the Windows or Lights therein, under and by virtue of any Adi or Adis in force at the time of the palling of this Adi, the Duty hereinafter deferibed and fet forth (that is to fay), for and out of every Tenement or Dwelling Houfe in Ireland\ having more than Six Windows or Lights therein, an additional Duty after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties payable on fuch Houfes, in refpedl of the Windows or Lights therein, under or by virtue of any Adi or Adis in force at the time of the pafling of this Adi.

II. And be it further enadled, That the additional Duty by this Adi granted and made payable (hall be paid and payable, and rcctived and receivable according to the Amount thereof in Britijh Currency ; and that the faid additional Duty, the neceflary Charges of receiving and accounting for the fame being dedudled, fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

III. And

Digitized by

AD.i8io.

50° GEO. III.	C. 75,76.	193

III. And be it further enafted, ,That all and every the Claufes, Powers of Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in an Aft -made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, 47G.3. Seff.i, An AS to provide for regulating and fecuring the Colic Sion of cer• c‘21' tain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in refpeS of Dwelling Houfes, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Dogs and Carriages ; and in an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent htajefty’s 48 G. a. c. 42. Reign, intituled, An AS to grant to His Majefty certain Duties and e*teud«d 10 this Taxes in Ireland, in refpeS of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfes,

Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in reffeS of the like Articles ; or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the faid Duties, Rates and Taxes, or any of them,

(hall be applied and put in Praftice in the Execution of this Aft, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if all the faid Claufes, Rules and Regulations, Reftriftions, Provifions,

Penalties and Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof, had been exprefsly repeated and re-enafted in this Aft, and that the faid recited Afts and this Aft (hall be conftrued together as One Aft to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. LXXVL

An Aft to repeal certain Duties under the Care of the Com-miffioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	[15th June 1810.]

4 Moll Gracious Sovereign,

1 TXT HE REAS it is expedient to repeal certain Rates and Duties ‘ W upon damped Vcflum, Parchment and Paper, and upon ‘ other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commiflioncrs for • managing the Stamp Duties in .Ireland f Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That all and lingular the Duties upon, or for or in refpeft of the Former Duti** feveral Articles, Matters and Things, mentioned in Schedule A. to ®nd AIIowidc** this Aft annexed, under the Care and Management of the Com- "pealed, miffioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and alfo all Allowances whatever on the Purchafe of any Stamps in Ireland, granted and made payable by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, (hall, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, ceafe and determine, favc and except as hereinafter and in the Schedule hereunto annexed is excepted, and fave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allow-ing or paying any Arrears of Duties or Allowances remaining unpaid, and in all Cafes relating to any Offence, Fine, Penalty or Forfeitute, which fhall have been committed or incurred under the (aid Afts or any of them, on or before the Commencement of this Aft.

II. And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament affembled, towards raifing the acccflary Supplies granted to Your Majefty, and for Support of Your Majefty’s Government, have refolved to grant to Your Majefty 50 Geo. III.	O	'	feveral

Digitized by v^,ooQle

A.D.i8io.

New S«amp Duties sranioil ?s in Schedule A. and Allowances ac-. cording 10 Schedule B.

t Sic.

Dunes, Ac. (ex-cej>t under 6d. Ac.) payable in Briti/h Currency.

Dirties under

Clommiffioncrs

Stamps.

Dealers to hare Stamps pennant ndy fixed in Hau.

Tenal ty.

Difiributing Hand Bill* un-flamped.

C.,76r	50®	GEO.	III.

feveral rtew and otter Duties on damped Vellum * Parchment and Paper, and other Articles aud Things undervthe Management of th£ Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland \ and do mofl humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it therefore enafted, That, from'and after the Commencement of this Ad, in lieu and inftead of the faid Duties and Allowances by this Aft re-* pealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid in Ireland» unto His Majefty* his Heis and Succeflors, for and in refpeftof the feveral Inftruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, emtt-merated and deferibed in the Schedule marked A. to this Aft annexed, the feveral Sums of Money and Duties, as they are refpec* tively inferted, deferibed and fet forth* in Words and Figures in the faid Schedule Aand that there (hall be made, allowed and paid, for or in refpeft of all fuch Articles, Matters and Things, as are inferted, enumerated and deferibed in the Schedule marked B. to this Aft annexed, the feveral Allowances or Sums of .Money refpeftnrely inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the faid Schedule marked B. any thing in any former Aft or Afts contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding ; and that no Sum or Sums of Money fhall be paid or given in the Nature of Difcount or Allowance, on the Purchafe of Stamps, other thau fuch as is and are exprefled and direfted in the faid Schedule marked B. any thing in any former Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding, and in f the faid Schedule* marked A. and B. fhall be deemed and taken as Part of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral. Duties and Allowances by this Aft granted and made payable, (fave and except Duties lefs than Six pence, and Duties exceeding Six pence and lefs than One Shilling) /hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Britifh Currency ; and that in all Cafes where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in refpeft thereof, are direfted to be afeertained by the Amount of any Sum in refpeft whereof fuch Duties are impofed, or fuch Allowances are made, fuch Amount, and the Duties and Allowances in refpeft thereof, fhal) be eflimated, calculated and taken in Britijh Currency.

IV.	And be it further ena6ted, That the feveral Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable (hall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commiflioners for the time being appointed to manage the Duties upon ftamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland.

V. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Commencement of this Aft, no Perfon or Perfons dealing in Hats, either as a Manufafturer or Importer of Hats, or as a Wholefale or Retail Dealer therein, (hall have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion;*Smy Hat lined, mounted or ornamented, without having permanently affixed and appearing in a confpicuous Place therein, the Stamp to which fuch Hat would at the time be liable had it been littered, "vended or fold, upon Pain that every Perfon and Perfons offending in either of the faid' Cafes fhall forfeit and pay to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall fue fur the fame, the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hat which fhall not have permanently affixed therein as aforefaid fuch Stamp r.s afore faid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall hawk, darfy about, difperfc or diftribute any Hand Bill, not being (lamped or marked with the Stamp Duty, by La w required,

Digitized by

Google

AD.i8io

50° GEO. III.	C.	76.	J9$

qnired, every fuch Per Con being- thereof qonvided before any Juftice of the Peace, by his or her Confeffion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, or upon the View of fuch Juftice, (hall forfeit Five Shillings to the Perfon who (hall profecute Tensity, for the fame, and in default of immediate Payment thereof, (hall and may be committed by fuch Juftice to any Common Gaol within his Jonfdidicn for any time not exceeding One Week, or until he or (he Imprifonment. AaD pay fuch Penalty, and it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon to feize, apprehend and carry before any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City or Place, where fuch Offence (hall be committed, any fuch Perfon fo offending as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Printer (hall print or Printing un-caufe to be printed any undamped Hand Bill, containing a (ingle flapped Hand Advertisement, fuch Hand Bill being fubjed to a Stamp Duty, and ll,s‘

(ball be convided thereof before any Juftice of the Peace, upon his, her or their own Confeffion, or upon the Oath of a credible Witnefs, fuch Printer (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum Penalty, of Five Pounds to any Perfon who (hall profecute for the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Prodor in any Proaore chaining Ecclefiaftical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, who for Stamp* not dull not have previoufly paid the full Amount of the Stamp Duty

by Law charged and payable on any Warrant to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, or to profecute or defend any Suit, or to confefs Judgment therein, or on any Monition, Procefs, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Inftrument or Proceeding whatfoever, in any Suit (hall charge to the Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, in fuch Suit, or (hall receive from fuch Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, or from any other Perfon, the Amount of any fuch Stamp Duty, and (hall not have adually made Ufe of, or iffued or filed the Warrant, Monition, Procefs, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Inftrument or Pro* ceeding, duly damped as is required by Law, for which fuch Charge (hall be made or fuch Amount (hall be received, fuch Prodor (hall* for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Com-meocement of this Aft, no Monition, nor any Procefs or Mandate niinihy Courts.” to require the Appearance of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever in

any Suit, (hall iffue or pafs the Seal of any Ecclefiaftic4 Court, or of the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, nor (hall any Appearance be received or entered in any Suit in any of th^ faid Courts, unlefs and until the Pi odor who mall iffue fuch Procefs or Mandate, or who (hall enter fuch Appearance, (hall firft file or caufe to be tiled with the proper Officer of the Court who (hall iffue fuch Procefs or Mandate, or (hall enter or file fuch Appearance, a Warrant of Attorney duly (lamped from the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit or on wliofe Behalf fuch Procefs or Mandate (hall fo iffue, or fuch .

Appearance (hall be entered, empowering fuch Prodor to iffue fuch Procefs or Mandate, or to enter fuch Appearance, as the cafe may beS

X.	And be it further enaded. That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties paid in

by this Ad inflided and made payable, (hall be paid and payable in	Currency.

Brittfb Currency ; and that all Powers, Prcrvifiotis, Rules, Meth6d9,

Duedions, Articles, Claufes, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures;

Miners and Things, contained in an Ad made in the Forty third Fortner Ads, Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for 3. c. ax,

O a	granting	&c*

Digitized by CjOOQle

AD.i8io

196	C. 76.	$o° GEO. III.

granting to His Majejly federal Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commffioners fcr managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; and in all and every or any other At* and A£b for the granting of'Stamp Duties, or for the amending of the Laws for regulating the Stamp Duties in Ireland, fhall be of Force and Effect, and fhall be applied and put in Execution for the raifing, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and fecuring the Duties and Allowances by this Atfc granted and made payable, and for the Recover)' and levying of all Penalties and Forfeitures intiidted by this Att, as fully and Lffetiu-ally, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been hereby re-ena&ed with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, and to the Penalties and Forfeitures »	hereby	infli&ed,	except	only	fo far as any of fuch Powers, Pro-

vifions, Rules, Methods and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, in the faid A£ts or any or cither of them contained, are exprefsly altereu or repealed, or otherwife provided for by this A&, or by any other Act or Atls in force in Inland. licences for ft 1- XI. And be it, further ena&ed, That any Licence to fell Spiri-ling Spirits. tuous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Pcny, Metaeglin or Mead, by Retail, the Stamp Duty whereon fhall exceed the Sum of Eleven Pounds, fhall authorize the Pci foil licenfed thereby to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, great or fmall, without any further or other Licence : Provided always, that 110 Perfon, the Stamp Duty on the Licence to whom to fell fuch Liquors by Retail fhall be lefs than Twenty two Pounds, fhall be authorized by fuch Licence to fell Spirits in any Quantities exceeding Two Gallons 5 but that if any iuch Perfon, 011 whofe Licence any fuch Stamp Duty lefs than Twenty two Pounds fhall be paid, fhall pay fuch additional Stamp Duty as fhall make the whole Stamp Duty paid by fuch Perfon amount to Twenty two Pounds, fuch Perfon fhall be authorized to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever, great or fmall, without any further or other Li-Pruvifo.	cence	:	Provided alfo, that no Licence whatever fhall authorize any

Perfon not being a Retailer or Grocer to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities lefs than Two Gallons, nor fhall authorize any Grocer to fell in Quantities lefs than Two reputed Quarts, nor fhall authorize any Fa&or or other Perfon, r.ot being a Diftiller or Importer of Spirits, to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities lefs than Fifty Gallons.

49 G. 3. c. 57.	< XII. And whereas by an A& made in the laft Seffion of Parlia-

*	ment, intituled, An Ad for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland,

*	by further preventing the Ufe of unmalted Corn, or any deleterious € or unnvholefome Ingredients therein, and for the better fecuring the

* 14,	* Coded ion of the Malt Duties in Ireland; it%was, among other Things,

*	ena&ed, that it fhould not be lawful for any Perfon licenfed to fell

*	Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in

* the Cities of Dublin, Cork, IVaterford or limerick, to require,

*	demand or receive any‘Certificate from the Commiflioners of Excife,

*	for the Purpofe of claiming any Bounty in refpe& of any Quantity

*	of Strong Beer or Ale that fuch Perfon might have fold by Retail

*	in the Year ending the Twenty ninth Day of September Ooe thou-4 fand eight hundred and nine, or within any fubfequent Year* and

*	that it fhould. not be lawful for the Commiflioners of Excife to

• ,	1	V™

Digitized by Google

AD.i8ro

50° GEO. m.

0.76,

197

*	give or grant any fuch Certificate, nor for the Commiflioners of

*	Stamp Duties in Ireland to pay any Bounties to any fuch Perfon 4 in reipeft of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale fold by fuch 4 Perfon by Retail, within the faid Year, or within any lubfequent 4 Year : And whereas by a Clerical Error, the Words 44 the Year 44 ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight 14 hundred and nine,” were inferted, inflead of the Words 44 the Year 44 ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight

** hundred and ten ; 99 Be it therefore enadled, That it (hall and Bounty to Spirit may be lawful for any Perfon licenfed HT 'fell Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail in the Cities of Dublin, Year ending*1 Corby Waterford or Limericb, to require, demand and receive any Sept. 29, 1809. fuch Certificate from the Commiflioners of Excife for the Purpofc of claiming any fuch Bounty, in refpedl of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, that fuch Perfon may have fold by Retail in the Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, but not within any fubfequent Year; and that it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Excife to give or grant any fuch Certificate, and «for the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, to pay any fuch Bounties to fuch Perfons in refpedl of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, fold by fuch Perfon by Retail, within luch Year ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine only, under the Regulations and Direftions of any Adi in force immediately before the palling of the faid recited Adi of the lad Reflion of Parliament; any thing in the faid recited Adi to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIII.	And be it enadled, That every and any Penalty and For- Penalties how feiture incurred by any Perfon for having fold Spirituous Liquors, recovered, &c. Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail without Licence, (hall and

may be recovered before any one Juflice of the Peace within his Ju-

rifdiftion, in manner direfted by an Adt made in the Forty fifth 45 0. 3. c. 30.

Year of His prefen* Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A8 for rtgula-

ling Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and

Cyder by Retaily and for aifeouraging the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous

Liquors in Ireland, although fuch Penalty or Forfeiture may exceed

the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 any thing in the faid recited Adi of

the Forty fifth Year, or any Adi or Adis for amending the fame,

to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That this Aft may be altered, A^inay bn amended and repealed by any Aft or AdU to be pafled in this prefent altered.

Seflion of Parliament.

XV- And be it further enadled, That this Aft (hall commence ComBieneeflwnt. and take effeft immediately on and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the Day of the palling thereof, and (hall be in force from that time forward and not fooner.

*

o 3

SCHEDULES

Digitized by

Google

C.	GEO. Ill*	AJD.iSio.

SCHEDULES tp which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon every Skin or Piece x>f Yellym or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which (hall be ingrofTed, written or printed, any of the following Articles, Matters or Things, or any Part thereof, except as otherwife particularly provided, the refpedlive Duties following; that is to fay.

Any Grant from His Majcfty, his Heirs and Succeffors, which (hall pafs the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil Lift, or out of any other Fund, not being part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament ;

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money, Not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250I. Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to jool. and not amounting to 750I. Amounting to 756I. and not amounting to t,ooo1. Amounting to i,cool. or upwards; for every iool. thereof,

Or of any Annuity or Penfion,

Not amounting to iool. per Annum,

Amounting to tool, and not amountingto 200I. per Annum,	...

Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 400I. per Annum,	-	-

Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to 609I. per Annum,

Amounting to 600I. and not amounting to 800I. per Annum,	-	-

Amounting to 800I. and not amounting to t,oool.

per Annum, - .

Amounting to i,oool. per Annum, or upwards.

But where any fuch Grant of Annuity or Penfion fhall be made in confirmation or by way of Renewal only of any former Grant of the like Amount and Defcription, then only a Duty of And where feveraland diftinA Annuities or Penfions /hall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Perfons by the fame Inftrument, the proper Duty fhall be charged in refpeft of each Annuity or Penfion ; but where the Grant fhall be of any Annuity or Penfion, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Perfons jointly, the Duty fhall be charged in refpeft of the whole.

Any Grant or Appointment by His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed, or other

£. j. a*

I	10	0
4	0	0
10	0	0
20	0	0
30	0	0
5	0	0
1	10	0
4	0	0
10	0	0
20	0	0
3°	0	Q
40	0	O
5°	0	Q
1	10	p

Whew

Digitized by Google

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto (hall not amount to 50I. per Annum,	.	-	-

And where the fame (hall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to iool. and not amount to acol. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300I. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 300I. and not amount to cool, per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 750I. and not amount to i,oool. per Annum,

And where the fame mall amount to 1 ,oool. and not amount to 1,500!. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 1,500!. and not amount to 2,oool. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 2,oool. and not amount to 3,oool. per Annum,

And where the fame (hall amount to 3jGOo1. per Annum, or Upwards,	-

The faid Fees and Emoluments to be eftimated according to the average Amount thereof for Three Years, preceding, where pra&icable; and in other Cafes according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

And where any fuch Grant or Appointment (hall be made to, or of Two or more Perfons jointly, with feparate and diftindt Salaries, Fees or Emoluments $ the fame (hall be charged with a feba-rate and diftindt Duty, in refpeft of each POrfori,^ according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to each Perfon. Provided always, that no Duty (hall be charged in refpedl of any Perfon, to* whom any Office or E n-ployment (hall be granted andw, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who (hall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unlefs the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to fuch Perfon (hall be in any manner augmented; and, in that cafe, a Duty (hall be charged, in refpedf of fuch Perfon, only in proporti6n to the Amount of the Augmentation.

Provided alfo, that no Duty fhall be charged upon, or in refpedt of more than one Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any fuch Grant may be engrolfed, printed or written. Any Bond given purfuant to the Directions of any Ad of ParHament, or by the Diredlion of the £ommiflf>ners of the Cuftoma and port Duties

£.		d.
1	10	0
3	0	0
5	0	0
10	0	0
2Q	0	0
3°	0	0
4°	0	0
50	0	0
75.	0	0
1 bo	0	0
150	p	0

Digitized by LaOOQle

or Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any of their Officers, for or in relpeft of any of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evafion thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto,

Any Bond, not being for the Payment of any principal Sum, and not being otherwife charged by Law,	-

Bonds for the Payment of any priucipal Sum of Money to remain chargeable as under the Aft 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50.

Any foreign or inland Bill of Exchange, Promif-fory Note, or other Note, Draft or Order, (except Bank Notes, Bank Poll Bills and Drafts, or Orders in Writing on any Bank or Bankers, all which (hall continue liable to the Duty with which they are charged by the faid Aft 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50. and except Promiffory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, paffed on account of Tythes, or for Money payable to any Society for Charitable Loans, or to their Treafurer in truft for them) Where the Sum ex prefled therein (hall not exceed iol.

r

Where fuch Sum , (hall exceed ^

iol.

301.

*°h and (hall tool. ^	,

_	1	;	not	ex	ceed

2GO 1.

1:1

301. 501. 100I. 2001. 5001. 1,0001. h 3»ooo hw

5001 [1,0001 _

Where it (hall exceed 3,000b Any Receipt or other Difcharge given on the Payment of any Sum of Money, or on the Delivery of any Cheque, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 21. and not amounting to iol. Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 201. Amounting to 201. and not amounting to 50I. Amounting to 50I. and not amounting to tool. Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200). Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500 b and upwards,

And where any Sum of Money whatever (hall be therein exprefled or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands,

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any Houfe of any regiftered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchafe of Stock, or on the Back of any Bill, Note or Deed, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on account of Pay, Allowances, or other Military or Naval Perquifite3 or Emoluments, or by any Officer of the Exchequer, for Money re-

£• j. </.

o 10 •

o 10 o

0

1

1

2

3

4 7

0	ic

1	o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

050

ceived

ceived for His Majefty, or any Acknowledgment by Letter, of Money, Bills or Notes remitted by Poft; and except any Receipt or Difcharge for any Legacy, or for any Part of the Perfonal Eft ate of any Perfon dying Inteftate, and any Receipt given by any Officer of the Revenue for the Duties on Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Horfes and Male Servants; all which Receipts ana Difcharges (hall continue liable to the Duties with which they are charged by the faid A& 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50.

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Perfon or Pcrfons to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Confideration for fuch Conveyance (hall not exceed tool.	-

And where the Amount of fuch Confideration (hall exceed jool. or where the Amount of fuch Confideration (hall not be exprefled in fuch Letter of Attorney,	-	-

Any Warrant to any Pro&or to profecute or defend any Suit in the Court of Prerogative, or in any Eccle-fiaftical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty,

Any Appearance to be entered in any fuch Court or Courts in Ireland by any Pro&or, for each and every Defendant named in tuch Entry,

‘Any Newfpaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences,

Any Hand Bill containing a Single Advertifement not otherwife charged, except Hand Bills refpe&ing Charities, Robberies, Murders, Lofs of Property and Sales under Diftrefs Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent,	-	-	*	■	-

Any Licence to any Perfon to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road, furrounding the faid City, and within the Diftri& of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places furrounded by the faid Cities refpe&ively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis’s Abbey) or within the Town of Belfaft,

Within the Reft of the refpe&ive Counties of the faid Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof refpe&ively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road furrounding the (aid City of Dublin, and the Wall of His MajeftVs Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diftant thereof, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the Public Lamps therein.

£k s. d.

2 • ©-

IO O •

0 2 6

o i e o • 2

o o 0$

40 o o

23 0 •

In



4

Digitized by Google

In any other Place within the DiftriA of the Excife Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majefty’s Park the Phoenix, not diftant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny* and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Caffiel, Caftlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniikillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lif-bume, Lough rea, Mallow, Newry, New Rofs, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market Houfe or Mar-ket Place therein refpeAively,

In any other Parts of Ireland than thofe Parts before defcribed	-

And if the Perfon licenfed in fuch other Parts of Ireland, other than thofe fo before defcribed, (hall alfo be licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities exceeding Two Gallons, a further Duty of Any Licence to any Perfon to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead* at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland,	-

And for every fucceffive Month,	-	-

Any Licence to fell Home-made Spirits, on Com-, million or otherwife, in Quantities not lefs than Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Perfon fo felling not being a licenfed Diftiller,

Any Licence to fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commiffion or otherwife, in Quantities not lefs than Fifty Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Perfon fo felling not being an Importer of fuch Spirits,	-

Any Licence to keep a Malt Houfe, the working or drying Floor whereof (hall not be lefs than 1,040 fquarc Feet, and (hall not exceed 1,400 fquare Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Pur-pofe of being ufed in any Brewery or Diftillery, for each and every Cittern or Kiln, ‘whichever (hall be the greateft in Number in each and every Malt Houfe in which fuch Bufinefs (hall be carried on, -

£. /• d.

22 o o

11 00

II O Q

IOO I O ©

210©

210©

6 O Q

ARTICLES NOT STAMPED.

For every Advertifement to be contained or publifhed in any Gazette, Newfpaper, Journal or Daily Accounts (not being Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or AbftraAs thereof, liable to a Duty of id. under the faid A A 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50), or m any other printed Paper or Pariphlet difperfed or made public Yearly, Monthly, or at any other Interval of Time* or in any Hand Bill containing more than one Ad-" vertifement, and for every Copy of any Proclama-

Digitized by Google

50° GEO. nif

C. 76.

	£• x. d.
tion. Order of Council, or Aft of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which (hall be contained or pubbfhed in any Gazette, Newfpaper, Journal or Daily Accounts, other than the Dublin Gazette, -	0 a ft
And for every Ten Lines which every fuch Adver-tifement, Proclamation, Order, or Aft of State, fhall contain, over and above the fird Ten Lines ( no fuch Line to exceed 20 ms of the Letter called Long Primer, or two Inches and three-quarters of an Inch), a further Duty of	0 2 61
And if fuch Advertisement (hall be printed in Lines exceeding fuch Length as aforefaid, then a Duty, in all Cafes, equal to Treble the Amount of the foregoing Duties.  For each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Perfon licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder ©r Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, (hall be duly authorized by a Magidrate to fell fuch Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or Open Place, at fuch Fair, -	260

SCHEDULE (B.)

ALLOWANCES.

To any Perfon who (hall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Head Office, of the Commiflioners of Stamps in Dublin to be .damped, or who fhall buy any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the {aid Head Office, the Duties whereof refpeftively (hall amount to aol. or upwards (lave and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper, .to be damped with any Duty of iol..or upwards, and fave and except Hat Stamps).after the Rate of il. ros. for every iool. upon prompt Payment of the faid Duty upon fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo brought or damped.

To any Perfon.who (hall bring any Hat Lining or Paper to the ’ Head Office of the Commiflioners of Stamps in Dublin to be damped for .Hats, or who .(hall buy at the faid Head Office, or fiom any Distributor of Stamps in Ireland, any Hat Lining or Paper, with Stamps thereon for flats, the Duties whereof refpeftively (hall amount to 40a. or upwards, after the Rate of 10I. for every iool. upon prompt Payment of the faid Duty upon the faid Hat Lining, or Paper fo brought or damped.

To Stationers and -Shopkeepers who (hall purebafe Stamps for Receipts to the Amount at one and the fame time of 5I. in consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper damped for Receipts, but aftually and bona Jide felling the fame for the Price of the1 Stamp only, 7 I. ias. for every iool. of the Amount of the Duty on fuch Stamps for Receipts fc and fo in proportion for any greater or- lels Sum, not under the Sum of 5I. • This Allowance-being over and above the Allowance on the prompt payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of 201. and upwards.

' f	CAP,

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io

2+4	C.77.	5c0	GEO.	m.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Aft for impofing additional Duties of Cuftoms on certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain.

[75th June 1810.3

*	ITT HEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Cuftoms

*	VV fhould be impofed on the Importation into Great Britain 1 of certain Species of Wood Be it therefore enafted by the King*® Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parlia-

Additirmil Duty ment affen.bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That there (hall on certain Tiro* be fevcrally and refpeftively raifed, levied, collefted and paid to and her imported. for Ute of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for and upon tile following Articles; videlicet, Balks, Battens and Batten Ends, Clap Boards, Oak Boards, Paling Boards, Pipe Boards, Wainfcot Boards, Deals and Deal Ends, Fire Wood, Fir Quarters, Hand-* fpikes, Lath Wood, Malts, Yards and Bowfprits, Oak Plank, Oars, Spars, Staves, Fir Timber, Oak Timber, Ufers and Wainfcot Logs, 01 whatever Defcription the fame may refpeftively be, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, additional permanent and temporary Duties of Cuftoms, equal in Amount to the permanent and temporary Duties already payable upon the like Articles, as the faid Duties are fevcrally and refpec-tively deferibed ajid fet forth in Figures in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to an Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of the 49G.3.C. 98. Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for repeating . the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for Exportation.	granting new Duties in lieu thereof and in conftderation of the addi-

DmwbacU.	tional Duties hereby impofed, there (hall be paid or allowed upon the

Exportation of fu?h of the faid Articles as are now entitled to Drawback additional Drawbacks equal in Amount to what are already allowed by the faid recited Aft, upon Articles of the like Defcrip-tion exported from Great Brita\ny and which Drawbacks are aHo refpeftively deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the faid recited A ft.

Commencement II. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall commence and additional	take effeft, with refpeft to the additional Duties of Cuftoms impofed

Italics.	on Fir Timber, Deals, Deal Ends, Battens, Batten Ends, Boards

and Oak Plank, from and after the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and with refpeft to the other Articles on which additional Duties are alfo by this Aft impofed, the fame (hall commence and take effeft from and after the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten: Provided always, that the faid additional Duties (hall be charged and (hail be payable on any of the faid Articles, which having been warehoufed or otherwise fecured under the Authority of any Aft of Parliament without Payment of Duty, which (hall be taken out of any fuch Ware-houfe or Place wherein the fame (hall have been lodged or fecured for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain after the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, or the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hun* dred and ten, as the Cafe may apply to the faid Articles, notwith-ftanding the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the faid Days refpeftively.

III. And

V

AJ).i8io.

26$

$o° GEO. III.	C.	77.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much*of the faid additional Duties of Cuftoms hereby impofed as fall under the Title and Defcription of temporary Duties, {hall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the prefent War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to charge any of the faid Articles with the additional Duties hereby impoled which AaJl be imported diredly from any Brit jh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or which {hall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies; nor to charge with the additional Duties hereby impofed, any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thicknefs, nor any Fir Timber being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, being the Growth of Norway, and imported diredly from thence.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby impofed upon the Importation of the faid feveral Species of Wood {hall and may be fecured by Bond under the Regulations of an Ad palTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Ma-jefty, intituled, An Ad for permitting certain. Goods imported into Gnat Britain to be fecured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the faid Duties as {hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England {hall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being, and fuch thereof as {hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland {hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Duties {hall be managed, afeertained, railed, levied, colle&ed, paid, recovered, appropriated and applied, and the faid Drawbacks {hall be allowed, in luch and the like manner as any Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated and allowed, and under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Re* frictions. Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures, for any Offence whatever committed agiinft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, {hall be in full Force and Effed as to the faid Duties and Drawbacks as fully and cffednally to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies from time to time ariling from the faid Duties, the neceffary Charges of railing aod accounting for the feme refpedively excepted, Ihall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty'a Exchequer at Wejl-miafer, and Ihall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties impofed by the laid recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year

of

fontinuance of tmipoiary Duties.

Provifo for Articles imported f rom certain Tarts.

For Deals.

Duties fecured by Bond.

43G.3.S. 13*. '

Duties under ( ominiflioucrs of Cuftouu,

How Duties and Drawbacks levied and allowed.

Duties appropriated as umlr r 49 G. 3.C. 9*.

Digitized by Google

ao 6

Frovifo for Con* tn&s already made.

Altered, &c.

47 G. 3. Seff. a.

f. 13.

repealed.

49 G.3. e. 119.

licences granted between Dec. 1, 1 808, and Dec. 1, follow-ing.

C. 77,78, 79.	$0* GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

of the Reign of 'flis prefent Majeftv are dine&ed to be appropriated and applied.	■	.

IX.	And whereas Contrafts may hive been made for the Sale of

Wood, prior to the pafling of this Aft: 'Be it therefore enafted. That in all Cafes where any Wood whereon the refpeftive Duties by this Aft impofed fhall be charged, /Hall be delivered in purfuance of fuch Contrafts or Sales, it ihall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealer® in fuch Wood delivering the fame, to charge fo much Money as (hall' be equivalent to the Duties by this Aft impofed in refpeft thereof, in addition to the Price of fuch Wood, and fuch Dealer or Dealers (hall be entitled by virtue of this Aft to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.	.	•

X.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered,-varied or repealed, during the prefent Seflion of “Parliament.

CAP. LXXVIII.

A11 Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for fupprefling Infurreftion, and preventing the Difturbances of the Publick Peace in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.J

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty feventh Year of 4 VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to fupprefs 4 Infurredions, and prevent the D'Jlurbance of the Public Peace in 4 Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the laid Aft fhould be 4 repealedBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and immediately after the pafling of this Aft, the faid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except only fo far as relates to any Proceedings had under the faid Aft at any time before the pafling of this prefent Aft.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Aft for regulating the Continuance of Licences for diflilling Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland.

[15th June 1810/]

4 YT7HEREAS Doubts have arifen whether, under and by 4 VV virtue of an Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of His € prefent Majefty’s Reign, Licences granted for Diftillation from

*	Sugar, at whatever Period of the Year the fame wer^ granted,

*	fhould not be held to refer.to and be in force.from the Tenth 4 Day of November.immediately preceding the Date of.fuch Licences 4 refpeftively; An^ whereas it is expedient that all Licences fbr 4 Diftillation from Sugar fhould take effeft from a certain Day in

*	each Year, and remain and be in force for and during a fixed Period 4 of Time Be it therefore enafted by. the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lon}s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That each and every Licence granted or to be granted ior the Purpofe aforefaid, between

the

Digitized by Google

50° GEO. III.	C.	79,80.	207

the Firft Day of December One thonfand eight hundred and eight, and the Firft Day of December next enfuing, (hall be deemed and conftrued to have taken effect, and (hall take effeft from the Day of the Date of fuch Licence or Licences refpeftively, and the fame (hall enure and be in force from the Date thereof, until the faid Firft Day of December next enfuing 5 any thing in the faid Licences contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Licence* to diflit Firft Day of December next enfuing, every Licence to be granted to any Diftiller or Diftillers in the Lowlands of Scotland, for the making	e

or diddling of Spirits from Sugar for Home Cqnfumption, (hall commence and take effeft from the Firft Day of December in each Year, and (hall be and rertiain in Force and Effeft for and during any Period of Time, in which, by or under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament, pafTed or to be pa fled, the I) i (filiation of Spirita from Corn or Grain in Great Britain (hall be prohibited, not exceeding the Space of One Year from every fuch Firft Day of December : Provided always, that' it (hall and may be lawful to and for any licenfed Diftiller or Diftillers in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver Tip to the Commiflioners of Excife, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the Diftrift, his or their Licence to be vacated or altered, on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time, and in fuch manner as immediately before the palling of an Adi of the Forty eighth Yeflr of the Reign oF His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 48 G*c*11 *• to prohibit the Dijlillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were by any Aft or Afts of Parliament then in force direfted, for vacating or altering Licences granted for the making or diftilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain for Home Confumption in the faid Lowlands ; any thing herein or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXX.

An Aft for reviving and further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, feveral Laws for allowing the Importation of certain Fi(h from Newfoundland and the Coafl: of Labrador, and of certain Fi(h from Parts of the Coaft of His Majefty’s North American Colonies, and for granting Bounties thereon.

[15th June 1810.3

Cl 47 G. 3. Self 1. c. 24. (continued 48 G. 3. c. 20. § 3.) revived M and continued till March 25, 18 ri.—§ 1. 49 G. 3. c. 26. revived w and continued till March 25, 1811.—-§ 2.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

4#f

C.81.

50® GEO. III.

A.D.i8i*.

44 G. 3. e. 106.

45 G. 3. c. 65. 47 G.a.Seff. 1. C.41. 49 G. 3. c. 51.

Treafury of Ireland may iflue •2,0»*0l. for ray-mem of Clerk*,

1c.

CAP. LXXXL An AS to continue until theFirft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, certain ASs for appointing Cora-nuffioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites and Emoluments received in feveral Publick Offices in Ire-land, to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, colle&ing, ifluing and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.]

• TT 7 HE REAS an AS was made in the Forty fourth Year of 4 W His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for ap-4 pointing, until the Fifth Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred 4 and ftve9 Commijfioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Ptrquifttes 4 and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the feveral 4 Publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any 4 Abufes which may exift in the fame : and into the prefent Mode of 4 receiving, collecting, ijfuing and accounting for Publick Money in 4 Ireland; and the laid recited AS has by certain ASs, made in the 1 Forty fifth. Forty feventh and Forty ninth Years of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign been continued with Amendments, until the Fit ft 4 Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and ten : And whereas 4 h is expedient that the faid recited AS of the Forty fourth Year, 4 as amended by the faid other recited ASs, fhould be continued in 4 manner hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enaSed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, •That the faid recited AS of the Forty fourth Year aforefaid, as amended by the faid other recited ASs, {hall be and the faid ASs are hereby further continued until and upon the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and eleven.

. II. And be it further enaSed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland\ or the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to iflue, and caufe to be iflued over and above the Sums mentioned in the faid recited ASs of the Forty fourth, Forty feventh and Forty ninth Years aforefaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thoufand Pounds, to fuch Per-fon or Perfons as the Commiflioners under the faid recited ASs, or any Three cr more of them, fhall, by Writing under their Hands, defire or direS, out of* any Part of the Publick Monies remaining in His Majefly’s Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums fo iflued and paid fhall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Meflengerg, and other Officers, and in defraying all other neceffary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the faid recited AS, and this Act, and in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as fhall be appointed by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, and that fuch Sums fhall be accounted for by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be iflued or paid according to the Courfe of His Majefty’s Exchequer of /rr-land) without any Feet or other Charges to be taken or demanded

far

Digitized by v^.ooQle

50° GEO. III.

C. 81,82, 83.

209

for the ifluing or Payment of the fame on the palling of the faid Accounts, other than fuch Sum as the faid Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them, (hall appoint.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Aft to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed in Ireland.	[15th June	1810.]

FOR the Prevention of fraudulent Praftices in refpeft of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed fold in Ireland for fowing ; Be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi» prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That no Aftion or Suit (hall be brought in Ireland, whereby to Conditions e* charge any Perfon to anfwer Damages for having, at any time after which Ad»<m* the palling of this Aft, fold unfound, mixed, bad or damnified Flax [or ud'“. Seed or Hemp Seed, or Flax Seed or Hemp Seed unfit for fowing, ^"tobe*	>

unlefs the Warranty on which fuch Aftion (hall be brought, or brought, fotre Memorandum or Note thereof, (hall be in Writing figned by the Party to be charged therewith, or by fome other Perfon thereunto by him lawfully authorized; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithllanding : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to any Aftion or Suit relating to any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed fold in any fmaller Quantity than Two Buihels.

CAP. LXXX1II.

An Aft to repeal feveral Afts refpefting the Woollen Manu* fafture, and for indemnifying Ptrlbns liable to any Penalty for having afted contrary thereto.	[15th	June	1810.]

4 'fT7HEREAS certain Afts heretofore made for regulating 4 VV and controlling the Manufacturer in the making, felling * and exporting of Woollen Cloth, which, from a Change of Cir-* cnmilances, are become inexpedient, and if enforced would be 4 injurious to the Parties;* Beit therefore enafted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majeily, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by tin' Authority of the fame, That an Ad made in the Fil'd Year of the Reign of His Majeily King Richard the Third, intituled. The Length and i,ruidth of Cloths, j R.3. c. |. and the Order of dying them and ITools, the Ai-i'hy of the /luhuger, and what Cloths he may fcal (a); au Aft paiLd in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majeily King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

An Ad that White Wool and Cloths of Five Marls and under may be 5 H. r. c. 3.

carried over the Sea unfhorn ; an Aet palled in the 'Twenty ievei.th

Year of the Reign of His laid Majeily King Henry the Eighth,

intituled, For Cloths Whites of iv li. and not cdove, and coloured	27 H.	8. c. 13.

Cloths of Hi li. and not above, to be carried over the Scu unbarbed and

unfhorn; an Aft made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of

His faid Majeily King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Expofition	Q3 jj.	g	19#

of a certain Statute concerning the flipping of Cloths, ihall be a.id tiie

ume are hereby repealed; and every Perfon liable to any Forfeiture, fepealed*

(a) [Repealed, 49 G. 3. c. J09. § i.J ^0 Geo. III.	P	Penalty

Digitized by Google

310

A.D.iS

Scotch Acts.

10,0001. yearly fet apart in the Hands of Receiver General in Scotland.

Clerks Of

Vrclhyteries to

■cake up Accounts of f*ari(hcs under ^ol.

C. 83, 84.	jo*	GEO.	III.

Penalty or Punifhment for any thing done contrary to any of the Proviiions in any of the faid Ads, is hereby indemnified from the fame.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Ad for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain Cafes ifl Scotland.	[ 1 jth June 1816.]

*	XT 7 HE REAS by an Ad of the Parliament of Scotland, made

*	W iu the Year One thoufand fix hundred and thirty three*

*	intituled, Jlnent the Rate and Price of Tcinds ; and by another Ad

*	of the Parliament of Scotland, made m the fame Year One thoufand

*	fix hundred and thirty three, intituled, Commiffion for Valuation 4 of Triads not valued, rectifying the Valuations of the fame already 4 made, and other Particulars therein contained, it was ftatuted, or-4 dained and declared, that all Heritors and Life-renters of Lands 4 in Scotland fhould be entitled to have the Teinds or Tithes of their 4 Lauds valued at certain fixed Rates, to be paid for the fame in all 4 time to come ; And whereas in many Parifhes in Scotland where the

*	Stipends of the Parochial Minifters are payable out of the Teindt

*	or Tithes in confequencc of the Depreciation of the Value of 4 Money, the Stipends of fuch Parochial Minifters have become inade-4 quate to their Support and Maintenance, and on account of the 4 Valuations of Teinds which have taken Place, no Funds exift out 4 of which future Augmentations of fuch Stipends can be granted: 4 And whereas in fevcral Parifhes where the Stipends of the Parochial 4 Minifters ate payable out of Funds and Revenues feparate and 4 diftinft from the Teinds, fuch Stipends have alfo become inade-4 quate to the Support and Maintenance of the Minifters thereof, 4 and no Funds exift out of which fuch Stipends can be augmented: 4 And whereas it is expedient that means fhould he provided for aug-4 menting the Stipends of each of fuch Minifters as aforefaid, to a 4 yearly Amount or Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds Ster-4 ling, and it appears that an annual Sum not exceeding Ten 4 thoufand Pounds Sterling will he fufficient to carry thefe Purpofes 4 into Effeft May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may he enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Ten*, poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, there fhall in every Year be fet apart and appropriated in the Hand# of His Majefty’s Receiver General and Paymafter in Scotland, out of the Publick Revenues and Money received and colledted by him, an annual Sum, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thoufand founds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to anfwer the Purpofes of this Adi, to be applied in manner hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enafted, That as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Aft, the Clerks to the different Prelhy-teries within Scotland, fhall make up Accounts of the different Pa-rifhes within each Prefbytery, the Stipends of which Parifhes do not extend in their yearly Amount or Value to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, and which cannot be augmented to that Extent under the Laws at prefent in force, either by reafon of the Teinds of fuch Parifhes being already exhaufted, or for other want

5

Digitized by Google

C. 84.

211

50® GEO. in

Of Funds out of which fuch Augmentations could be made, or where, from the fmall Amount or Value of the unexhaufted Teinds it has been deemed inexpedient to bring Aftions of Augmentation ; which Accounts (hall fpecify the Amount of each fuch Stipend iu Money, Grain, or other Articles in tvhich the fame is payable, and the Rate at which fuch Grain or other Articles, if not in ufe to be paid in Kind are convertible into Money, and if in ufe to be paid in Kind, the Value thereof on an Average of the laft Nine Years preceding the pafling of this Aft, and the Period when fuch Stipend was laft augmented, and if any unexhaufted Teind remains, fpecifying the Amount or Value thereof as far as the fame can he afeertained, and the faid Accounts (hall be tranfmitted to the Teind Clerk or principal Clerk to the Lords of Council and Seftion, as Commif-tioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds appointed by an A ft of the Parliament of Scotland in One thoufand feven hundred and feven.

III.	And be it enafted, That when and as foon as the Accounts (hall be received from the Clerks to the different Prelbyteriea in manner before mentioned, the fame (hall, upon the Application of any of the Minifters interefted, or of the Procurator for the Church on Behalf of the whole, be taken into Confiderat.ion by the Lords of Council and Seftion as Commiflioners as aforefaid, and a Lift or Schedule (hall thereupon be made up under their Direction and Authority, of all fuch Stipends which from the Caufes aforefaid cannot be augmented to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, under the Laws at prefent in force, fpecifying the Amount of each Stipend in Money, Grain, or other Articles in which the fame is payable, and the Rate at which fuch Grain and other Articles, if not in ufe to be paid in Kind, are convertible into Money, or if in ufe to be paid in Kind, the Value thereof on an Average of the laft Nine Years preceding the pafling of this Aft, and of the Sums neceffary to augment each fuch Stipend, including its prefent annual Amount or Value to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling : Provided that the faid Augmentations (hall not exceed in the whole the annual Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds Sterling ; and in fuch Lift or Schedule it (hall and may be lawful to the faid Lords of Council and Seftion as Commif-fioners aforefaid, to fpecify thofe Cafes in which in their Opinion the Teinds (hould be fully exhaufted before any Relief or Augmentation (hould be granted under the Authority of this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful in thofe Cafes where the prefent Stipend does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds, and where the unexhaufted Teinds will not be fuflicient to augment it to an Amount beyond One hundred and fifty Pounds, and where the Commiflioners are of Opinion that the Teiods-fhould be in the firft Inftance exhaufted for each Minifter whofe Cafe (hall be fu fpeciiied as aforefaid, forthwith to inftitute a Procefs of Modification and Augmentation for obtaining the Remainder of fuch unexhaufted Teinds ; and that it (hall be law ful for the faid Lords of Council and Seftion as Commiflioners aforefaid, to award to him the Whole of fuch unexhaufted Teinds as foon as the Courfe of fuch Procefs (hall admit, any thing in an Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commiffion of Teinds, in

P 2	augmenting

Particular* Of

Stipends

fpecified.

Scotch Aft.

Lord* of Seflion to take into Confident ion Lift of Stipends and Augmentation* to 1 SOt.

Prorifo;

Procefs of Modification for obtaining unexhausted 1'eiudft

480.3, C. 138,

C. 84.

A.D.I8I0,

Lift of Stipends fem to each Miuiltcr, &c.

In what cafe

TVIinifters may apply to Prefby-Kries.

Preftiyteries to report thereon-

‘Minifters may petition Com-miffioners of Tehids.

lift of Stipends

recorded.

C cnified Copy of recorded Lift f«*nt to Barons *»f t ic Kxdietjuer.

50•

GEO. III.

augmenting anti modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland, or in any other A& or Ads, to the contrary contained in any wife not-withftanding.	,

V.	And be it enaded, That the Lift or Schedule fo to be made up as aforefaid, (hall, under the Diredions of the faid Lords of Council and Scfiion as Commiflioners aforefaid, be forthwith printed, and a Copy thereof (hall be fent by their Clerk to each Minifter whofe Stipend (hall have been included in the Accounts tranfmitted from tht Prefbyteries to the faid Tcind Clerk, or Principal Clerk of the faid Lords of Council and Seflion, as Commiflioners aforefaid, in manner before mentioned, and a Copy to the Clerk of each Prefbytery within Scotland\ who fhall thereupon give Notice to each Minifter of the Prefbytery of the Receipt of fuel) printed Copy of the aforefaid Lift or Schedule.

VI.	And be it enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for every Minifter of the Prefbytery whofe Stipend fhall not be fpe-eified in the faid Lift or Schedule, but whofe Stipend fhould in virtue of this Ad have been fo fpecified therein, to make a Reprefentation to the Prefbytery of the Bounds, fhewing why his Stipend fhould be fo fpecified, and for every Minifter whole Stipend fhall be fpecified in the faid Lift or Schedule to prefent Objedions thereto, if he fhall fee caufe, to fuch Prefbytery of the Bounds; and it fhall be lawful to each Prefbytery, and fuch Prefbytery is hereby required to take fuch Reprefentations and Objedions into Confideration, and to report their Opinion upon fuch Lift or Schedule as the fame may appear to then:, to the faid Lords of Council and Seflion, as Commiflioners aforefaid: Provided always, that fuch Report fhall be made by each Prefbytery, and tranfmitted by the Clerk of fuch Prefbytery to the Teind Clerk, or Principal Clerk of the faid Lords of Council and Seflion, as Commiflioners aforefaid, within Six Calendar Months next after the faid Lift or Schedule fhall have been received by the Clerk of luch Prefbytery.

VII.	And be it enaded, That if any Minifter fhall think himfelf aggrieved by any Report made by or Proceedings of any Prefbytery in the Matters aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to fuch Minifter to prefent his Petition to the faid Lords of Council and Seflion as Commiflioners aforefaid, ftating the Grounds of his Objection or Complaint in the Premifes ; and the faid Lords of Council and Seflion, as Commiflioners aforefaid, fhall order fuch Petition to be taken intQ Confideration in a fummary way, and dired the fame to be anfwered, or otherwife ; and fhall determine in the Matter of fuch Objedion or Complaint as early as the Circumftances of the Cafe will permit ; and fuch Determination fhall be final aod conclufive, and not fubjed to any Appeal to the Houfe of Lords.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That the faid Lords of Council and Seflion, as Commiflioners aforefaid, fhall, with all convenient Difpatch after fuch Reports fhail have been received from the Prefbyteries as aforefaid, take the fame with the Determination that may have been given on any Petition as aforefaid, and the Lift or Schedule formerly prepared by them into Confideration, and ihall confirm the faid Lift or Schedule, or make fuch Alterations thereon as to them fhall feem juft and expedient, and fhall adjufl and fettle the fame, and after it fhall have been fo adjufted and fettled fhall order the fame to be recorded in their Books.

Digitized by ejOOQle

IX. And

AJXiSio.	50*	GEO.	III.	C.	84.'	31$

l£. And be it enacted, That the faid Teind Clerk or Clerk to the Precepts to Mi-Lords of Council and Seffion, as Commiflioners aforefaid, (hall forth- n,ftcrs Pay* with make out an Extract or certified Copy of the faid recorded	umi

Lift or Schedule, and tranfmit the fame to the Barons of His Ma- wecc jelly’s Exchequer in Scotland, who (hall appoint the fame to be alfo forthwith recorded in their Books ; and’(hall thereupon iflue a Precept or Warrant, addrefTed to His Majefty’s faid Receiver General and Paymafter in Scotland\ to each of the Minifters of the refpeftive Parifhes mentioned in fuch Lift or Schedule for Payment to fuch Minifter, of the annnal Sum, which according to fuch Lift or Schedule is neceflary for augmenting his Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him at the Terms or Times hereinafter direfted during his Incumbency in the Parifti mentioped in fuch Precept or Warrant, and fhall caufe fuch Precept or Warrant to be transmitted to the Minifter therein mentioned.

X.	And be it enafted, That as foon as the faid Lords of Council In what cafe and Seffion as Commiffioners aforefaid, (hall have decided in any Pro- Coimn-ffioners t# cefs or Proceffes for obtaining the Remainder of any unexhaulled fj^7henfto b« Teinds in manner hereinbefore directed, and (hall thereupon, or upon rccorfj*d &c> any other Ground, have determined with refpeft to the Stipend or

Stipends of any Minifter or Minifters which ought to be augmented under the Authority of this Aft, and fhall have afeertained the Sum neceflary for augmenting each fuch Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, the faid Lords of Council and Seffion as Commiffioners aforefaid (hall caufe a Lift or Schedule ' of fuch Stipend or Stipends to be made out in manner as hereinbefore direfted, fpecifying the Sum neceflary for augmenting each fuch Stipend to the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds ; and fuch Lift or Schedule (hall be recorded in the Books of the Teind Court, and an Extract or certified Copy thereof (hall be made out in manner hereinbefore direfted, and (hall be tranfmitted to the Barons of Exchequer, who (hall caufe the fame to be alfo recorded in their Books, Wairants for and (hall ifTue their Precept or Warrant, addrefled to His Majefty’s Payment, &c. faid Receiver General and Paymafter in Scotland, to each of the Minifters of the refpeftive Pan (lies mentioned in fuch Lift or Schedule, for Payment to fuch Minifter of the annual Sum which according to fuch Lift or Schedule is neceflary for augmenting his Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him at the Terms or Times hereinafter direfted, during his Incumbency, in the Pariih mentioned in fuch Precept or Warrant, and (hall caufe fuch Precept or Warrant to be, tranfmitted to the Minifter therein mentioned.

XI.	And be it enacted, That the Augmentations by this Aft Aurnrv^tations

franted out of the Fund before mentioned (hall be payable by Two ,oho I*“(l •“If* lalf-yearly Payments at the Terms of Whitfunday and Michaelmas in yrav1/ each Year; and the Firft Half-yearly Payment thereof (hall be due <civcr and payable for the Half-year immediately preceding the Term of Whitfunday laft ; and the fame (hall be fo exprefled in the Precepts or Warrants to be iflued by the Barons of Exchequer in manner hereinbefore direfted; and at the Firft Term of Whitfunday or Michaelmas after the pafling of this Aft, or as foon thereafter as the Amount of the refpeftive Augmentations (hall be fixed and fettled, the (aid Receiver Geueral and Paymafter fhall be and is hereby re-

P 3	quired

Digitized by

Google

*>4

Oat of firft Year’# Augmentation is. in the Pouad to be retained.

to be apflied in

paying Expences incurred, *e.

Iu cafes of

Death or Removal, how Sue ceffors (hall aft for obtaining Stipend, &.c.

t

p. 84.	50°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1810.

quired to pay to the Minifter mentioned in fuch Precept or Warrant ps hereinbefore direfted to be ifiued, or to any Perfon or Perfons duly 'authorized to that Effeft by fiich Minifter, the Half-yearly Payments that may be due and payable to fuch Mmiiler at the time, fubjeft to Deduction for the Firft Year, in manner hereinafter men-tioned ; and at every fubfequent Term of IVhitfunday or Michaelmas thereafter, the faid Receiver General and Paymafter (hall be and is hereby required to pay to fuch Minifter, or Perfon or Perfons authorized as aforefaid, the Half-yearly Payment or Payments that may be due to fuch Minifter at the time.

XII.	And be it enafted, That out of the Firft Year’s Augmentation granted to fuch Minifters as aforefaid, and payable by virtue of this Aft, the faid Receiver General and Paymafter (hall be and he ia hereby authorized and required to deduct and retain the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound Sterling, of the Sum payable to each of fuch Minifters as aforefaid, to be applied in manner hereinafter direfted, but fuch Deduction (hall be made only from the Augmentation payable for the Firft Year under this Aft, and no fuch Deduftion (hall be made from the Augmentation payable for any fubfequent Year.

XIII.	And be it enafted, That the faid Lords of Council and Seflion as Commiffloners aforefaid, (hall caufe to be made up an Account of the Expences incurred, and of the Recompence to be made to the Perfons employed under the Authority of this Aft, for their Labour and Trouble in the Matters aforefaid, and (hall fpecify in fuch Account the Perfons to whom fuch Expences and Recompence (hall be paid, and the Sum payable to each Perfon, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Deduftion of One Shilling in the Pound, to be retained by the faid Receiver General and Paymafter in manner before mentioned, and (hall certify the fame to the faid Barons of Exchequer; and the faid Barons of Exchequer (ball from time to time iflue their Warrants upon the faid Receiver General and Pay-mafter, for Payment to the Perfons fpecified in fuch Account, or to their Order, of the feyeral Sums of Money therein fpecified.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That when the Minifter of any Church or Parifti whofe Stipend (hall hayebeen foecified in any LiiV or Schedule hereinbefore direfted to be prepared by the faid Lords of Council and Seflion, as Commiflioncrs aforefaid, (hall die or be removed from the Charge of his Church or Parifti, his Succefior in fuch Church or Parifti, it no Precept or Warrant had been granted co his PredecefTor, (hall be entitled to take all fuch Steps in regard to the obtaining of fuch Precept or Warrant as would have been competent to his Predeceflor, but (hall be as*[* he is hereby bound and obliged to account for and pay to his Predeceflor, or to the Executors or perfonal Reprefentatives of his Predeceflor, whatever Part of the Augmentation granted under the Authority of this Aft (hall be due to fuch PredecefTor, or to the Executors or perfonal Reprefentatives of fuch Predeceflor refpeftively ; and if fuch Precept or Warrant had previoufly been granted, the Minifter fucceeding to fuch Church or Parifti (hall be entitled to apply to the faid Barons of Exchequer to be put in the Place and Stead of the Minifter fo dying or being removed as aforefaid, with refpeft to future Payments under this Aft, in the manner hereinafter mentioned; and the faid Barons of Exchequer upon being fatisfied that the Minifter fo applying has fucceeded to the Church or Parifti of the Minifter fo dying or being

rcmoTtd

Digitized by Google

AJ).l8io. '	50*	GEO-	III.	C. 84.	215

removed as aforefaid, (hall forthwith iflue a Precept or Warrant t# the (aid Receiver General and Paymafter in favour of the Minifter fo applying for Payment to him of the Sums which were payable to the former Minifter of fuch Church or Parifti at the Terms or Times hereinbefore direfted, during his Incumbency in the Church or Parifti mentioned in fuch Precept or Warrant, and (hall caufe fuch Precept or Warrant to be tranfmitted to the Minifter therein mentioned; and the Sums therein mentioned (hall be payable and be paid upon fuch Precept or Warrant by the faid Receiver General and Paymafter to the Minifter mentioned therein, or to any Perfon or Perfon9 duly authorized to that EfFeft, at the Term or Terms, and in manner hereinbefore direfted ; and fo on, as often as the Cafe (hall happen, with refpeft to all the Minifters who (hall fucceed to any Church or Parifti, the Stipend of \vhjch (hall be inferted in any fuch Lift or Schedule as pforefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Rights and How and in what Interefts of the refpeftive Minifters who may be entitled to the Aug- Rights of mentations to be granted under the Authority of this Aft, (hall, in Minifters to cafe of their Deceafe or Removal, ceafe and determine at the fame

Terms of IVhit fund ay or Michaelmas, and in the fame manner, as the Rights and Interefts of the Clergy of Scotland in their other Stipends ceafe and determine by the Law of Scotland; and that in like manner the Rights and Interefts of their SuccefTors to the faid Augmentations to be granted under the Authority of thi3 Aft, (hall commence at the Terms of Whitfunday or Michaelmas immediately preceding their Admiffion to their refpeftive Churches or Parifties, in the fame n^anner as the Rights and Interefts of the Clergy of Scotland to their other Stipends, do commence by the Law of Scotland.

XVI.	provided alfo, and be it enafted, That the Executors or Executors m*y perfonal Reprefentatives of the Minifters deceafing, whofe Stipends dnw for One (ball be augmented under the Authority of this Aft, and the Exe- Salf'year]yA futors or perfonal Reprefentatives of their SuccefTors, (hall be entitled

to draw One Half-yearly Moiety of the Augmentations to be granted under the Authority of this Aft, in Name of jinny over and above be due. the Stipends that may have been due to the Minifters deceafing, in the fame manner as is direfted by the Law of Scotland with relpeft to the other Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland; and the Barons of His Majefty’s Exchequer (hall grant Precepts or Warrants to His Majefty’s faid Receiver General and Paymafter, for Payment of the faid Half-yearly Moiety in Name of jinny to thofe having Right thereto by the Law of Scotland, upon their Receipt, and this without the Neceflity of any Confirmation or other Title to be made up in that Behalf.

XVII.	And be it enafted, That when the Paftoral Charge in any Augmentation of the Churches or Parifties the Stipends of which (hall be augmented not paid during as hereinbefore mentioned, (hall at any time hereafter become vacant, Vacancies,

the feveral Sams hereinbefore direfted to be appropriated for augmenting fuch Stipends refpeftively, (hall not during any fuch Vacancy (excepting only with regard to the Half-yearly Moiety in Name of jinny direfted to be paid as hereinbefore Ipecified), be applicable to the Purpofes to which vacant Stipends in Scotland are at prefent by Law applicable ; nor (hall they in any fuch cafe be fubjeft as vacant Stipends are to the Difpofal of the Pations of fuch vacant Parifties* or of tb$ Barons of Iiis Majefty’s Exchequer iti Parifties of which

P \	His

Digitized by Google

A.D. 1810.

»tO

bat to be applied lo Fund for Provifion of Widows and Children of Clergymen,

*VG.a. C. ao.

The Eatons of

I’xcbrqufr »o Hi ue Precept for Payment to Truftees of Fund,

who may lend out the Money %i Jntereft.

Payment* allows I to Receiver General.

Precepts, Fee, eaeitipt from Stamp Duty,

Forging Precepts, 5(0,

C. 84.	50°	GEO.	HI.

His Majefty is Patron, or of the Synods of Argyll or Glenelg, which have or claim to have a Right by Law to difpofe of the vacant Stipends within their Bounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in the Event of every Vacancy occurring in the Parifhes in which the Parochial Stipends (hall have been augmented under the Authority of this Adi, the annual Sums hereinbefore directed to be appropriated for augmenting the Stipends hereinbefore mentioned, (hall, after Payment of the Ann in manner before directed* during any Vacancy in any of the faid Churches or Parifhes, be payable and be paid to the Truftees appointed by the Adt of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-Icnt Majefty, intituled, An Aft for the better raifing and fecuring a Fund for a Provijion for the Widows and Children of the Miniflers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals and Majlen in the Univerjilies of Saint Andrew’s, Glafgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen ; and for repealing Two Ads made in the Seventeenth and Twenty fecond Tears of the Reign of His late Majejly Kin* George the Second, for thofe Purbofes, or to their General Colle&or, to be applied by the faid Truftees in the way they (hall judge moft expedient and effectual for fecuring a permanent Addition to the Annuities provided to the Widows therein mentioned, in all time coming.

XIX.	And be it enabled. That when any fuch Vacancy (hall occur, the faid Barons of Exchequer (hall, upon the Application of the faid Truftees or their General Collector, iffue their Precept or Warrant to the faid Receiver General and Paymafter, for Payment to the faid Truftees or their General Collt&or, as aforefaid, of the whole Amount of the Sums directed to be appropriated under the Authority of this A& in Augmentation of the Stipend of the faid vacant Church or Parifh, at the fame Term or Terms at which vacant Stipends are at prefent by the Law of Scotland payable to Patrons and others having Jntereft therein.

XX.	And be it further ena<S~d, That it (hall and may be lawful to, and for the faid General Collector, under the Authority and by the Directions of the faid Truftees, and according to fuch Regulations they (hall judge expedient, to lend out at Intereft, on fufficient Security, the feveral Sums hetehy appointed to be paid to the faid Truftees or their General Collector by the faid Receiver General and Raymafter as aforefa'd, from time to time, for the Purpofe of providing a permanent Fund, in addition to the Annuities before mentioned, eftablifhed under the Authority of the faid recited ACfc of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

XXI.	And be it enaCted, That all Payments to be made by the faid Receiver General and Paymaftt r, of the feveral Sums of Money hereinbefore directed to be paid by him to the feveral Perfons and for the feveral Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, upon the Receipts of thofe legally entitled or authorised to receive the fame, (hall be allowed in his Accounts,

XXII.	And be it enacted, That the feveral Precepts or Warrants to be iffued in manner before mentioned, and the Receipts to be granted for the .Sums of Money : ayable as hereinbefore directed, (hall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XXIII.	And be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfor.s (hall /qrge or counterfeit or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited,

any

Digitized by Google

AJD.i8io,

5U7

GEO. ra.	0.84,85.

any fuch Precept or Warrant, or Precepts or Warrants as aforefaid, or any Signature or Signatures thereto, or any written Factory or Mandate, for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money made payable under the Authority of this Aft, or any Signature or Signatures thereto, or any Receipt or Receipts granted on Payment of fuch Soma of Money as aforefaid, or Signature or Signatures thereto, and (hall iffue the fame with an Intent to defraud the faid Receiver General and Paymafter or his SuccefTors in Office, or any Perfon or Perfons entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money payable under the Authority Qf this Aft, then every Perfon fo offending and being thereof lawfully conviftcd, (hall be punifhed as Perfons guilty of the Crime of Forgery are liable to be punifhed by the Law of ScotlandL

XXIV.	And be it enafted, That no Fees or Expenccs whatfoever (hall be charged by or paid to any Clerks or Officers of the faid Lords of Council and S.ffion as Commiffioners aforefaid, or of the faid Barons of Exchequer, or the faid Receiver General and Paymafter, or any Clerk or Officer employed by or under him, fave and except the Expences and Recompence for the Firft Year, to be afeertained in the Account of the fame, to be made up and paid in manner before direfted.

XXV.	And be it enafted, That the faid Lords of Council and Seffion as Commiffioners aforefaid, and Jie faid Barons of Exchequer, (hall and may from time to time give fuch Directions for the Regulation of their refpeftiye Clerks and Officers employed, or that may be employed to carry this Aft into Execution, where fpecial Directions are not hereby given relative to the fame, as to the faid Lords of Council and Seffion as Commiffioners aforefaid, and to the Barons of Exchequer (hall feem fit and expedient.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Aft to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, in refpeft of which Security ought to be given; and for avoiding the Grant of all fuch Offices, in the Event of fuch Security not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant of fuch Office.	[15th	June 1810.]

•	TT THERE AS it is highly expedient that Provifion (hould ‘ VV be made, for preventing any Negligence, Omiffion or Ir-tfregularity, in the giving of due Securities by all Perfons employed *. in Situations of Publick Truft, and concerned in the Receipt and 1 Diftribution or Expenditure of Publick Money, who are required 4 to give Security to account for Publick Monies coming to their

*	Handsand for qfeertaining the Death of any Surety or Sureties 4 of any fuch Perfon 5* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Qommons, hi this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon who (hall, after the palling of this Aft, be appointed to any Office or Employment, or Commiflion, Civil or Military, in any Publick Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any fuch Office or Employment of Publick Truft under the Crown, or wherein he (hall be concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Difburfement or Expenditure of any Publick Monies, and yho by reafon thereof (ball be required to give Security with Surety

or

Punifliraent.

Fees.

Commiffioners of'ieinds, &c. may give Directions tor Regular lion ot Clerks.

Perfons hereaftqj to be a|>|>oiiiteil to Offices of Publick Trull in England to give Security.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Fcrfons already appointed to give pecarity.

Fcrfons giving >enirity 10 r< gif-tcr Memorial',

or Sureties or otherwife, (h?ll, within One Month after Notice of fuch Appointment, if he fhall then be in England, or within Twq Months if he (hall then (re in Scotland or Ireland, or within Six ^lonths if he (hall then be in any other Part of Europe or in America pr the Wejl Indies, or within Nine Months if he (hall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he (hall then be in the Eafi Indies or in any other Part of Afia* or within Ten Months if he (hall then be on the High Seas, (unlefs he (hall fooner arrive in England or Wales, or Scotland or Irelandr and then within Two Months after fuch Arrival) give, execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities, in fuch Sum, and with fuch fufficient Surety or Sureties as fhall be approved of by the Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury or any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officers or Perfon or Perfons in the Office or Department to which he fhall be appointed, for the due Performance of the Trull repofed in him, and for the duly accounting for all Publick Monies entrufted to him or placed under his Controul.

II.	And be it further tnafted, That every Perfon who, before the paffing of this A&, (hall have been appointed to and (hall hold any Office or Employment, or Commiffion Civil pr Military, in any Publick Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any fuch Qffice or Employment of Publick Trull under tile Crown, or wherein he (hall be concerned in the Colle&ion^ Receipt, Dilburfement or Expenditure of Publick Monies, and who by reafon thereof (hall have been or (hall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwife, and who (hall not before have given fuch Security, (hall, within One Month after the paffing of this A&, if fuch Perfon (hall then be in England or Wales, within Two Months if he (hall then be in Scotland, or within Three Months if he (hall then be in Ireland\ or within Six Months if he (hall then £e in any other Part of Europe or in the Wefi Indies or America, or within Nine Months if he (hall then be in Africa, or within Eiehteen Months if he (hall then be in the Eafi Ind.es or in any other Part of AJta> or within Ten Months if he (hall then be on the High Seas (unlefs he (hall fooner arrive in England, Wales pr Scotland or Ireland\ and then within Two Months after fuch Arrival) give and execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities, ia fuch Sum of Money and with fuel* fufficic.it Surety or Sureties as (hall be approved by the Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officer* of the Office or Department to which he belongs, for the due Performance of the Trull repofed in him, and for the duly accounting for all the Publick Monies entrufted to him or placed under hi* Controul.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who, by reafon of his Appointment to or holdi.ig of any Office or Employment or Commiffion Civil or Military, in any Publick Department in England or of Publick Truft under the Crown, or who, by reafoq of being concerned in the Colle&ion, Receipt, Dilburfement or Expenditure of any Publick Monies, (hall, before paffing of this A61, have given or executed or entered into, or (hall hereafter give or execute or enter into any Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities for the due Performance of the Truft repofed in him, or for the duly accounting for Monies entrufted to him, (hall caufe a Memorial

Digitized by Google

A'D.i8io.

50' GEO, III.

C. 85.



mortal of filch Bond or Bonds, or Security or Securities, to be regiftered with the Regifter. of the County of Middlefex in manner hereinafter mentioned; and every fuch Memorial (hall, as to all Bonds within various and Securities entered into before the palling of this A&, be re- Times,according giftered, if the Perfon on whofe Behalf the lame lhall have been enr tered into, lhall refide or be in Great Britain, within Four Months after en the palling of this A&, and if in Ireland within Three Months, and if in any other Part of Europe or in the Wejl Indies or America within Twelve Months, and it in Africa within Fifteen Months, and if in the Eajl Indies or in any other Part of •Afia within Eighteen Months, and if on the High Seas within Twelve Months (unlefs he lhall fooner arrive in England or Wales, Scotland or Ireland, and then vvithin Four Months after fuch Arrival) refpe&ively after the palling of this A61, and as to all fuch Bonds and Securities to be entered into after the palling of this A&, fuch Memorials lhall be regiftered within the like Periods refpe&ively after entering into the fame, according to the Place- or Country in which the Perfon appointed lhall be at the time of giving, executing or entering into fuch Bond or other Security as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Perfon required Memorial-by this Acl to regiiter any fuch Memorials as aforefaid, lhall produce be produced orcanfe to be produced by his Agent or fome Perfon adling on his

Behalf, to the Officer or pther Perfon with whom his Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities lhall have been or is to be depofited, a Memorial of fuch Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities figned by himfelf, containing the Chriftian and Surnames, and Additions and Places of Abode of himfelf and of his Sureties, if any, and the feveral Sums in which they are relpedlively bound, together with the Date or refpedlive Dates of the faid Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities, and the Subftance of the Condition or Conditions thereof; and the Officer or Perfon to whom fuch Memorial To be lijrncd and (hall be fo produced, if the fame appears to him to be correft, lhall delivered to fign and redeliver fuch Memorial to the Perfon producing the fame. ^arty>

V.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Memorial, after and afterwards

the fame lhall have been fo produced, figned and redelivered as filed in the aforefaid, lhall, within the refpe&ive Periods hereinbefore limited for regiftering the fame, be produced and left with the Regifter or ^^'ddlcfex. Mailer ot the Regifter Office for the County of Middlefex, eftablilhed 7	*

£ler an A& palled in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late jelly Queen Anne, to be filed in the faid Publick Regiller Office, together with an Affidavit fworn before fome Perfon empowered by Law 10 adminifter an Oath, that fuch Memorial was duly figned by the Officer or Perfon with whom the Security was deposited.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Regiller or Mailer Certificate of (hall make an Entry, and likewife, if required, (hall give a Certificate	10	be

in Writing under his Hand, teftified by Two credible WitnefTes, of &lvc,u every fuch Memorial brought to him to be regiftered as aforefaid, and therein lhall mention the certain Day on which fuch Memorial lhall be fo regiftered or entered, expreffing alfo in what Book, Page or Number the fame is entered: And, for the Purpofe of entering or regiftering Memorials under the Provisions of this A61 as aforefaid, the Regiller or Mailer lhall provide 3 feparate Regifter Book, and fvery page of fuch Regifter Book, and every Memorial that (hall be filtered therein, lha}l be numbered, and the Day of the Month and

Year

Digitized by

A.D. 181*.

32o

n«r to

®lv’-	^	urity

w*M r,

**	.Is.

FenaUv.

rrovifo for Acts don«.

f ci:ahj reroiited.

Negfo&fo" to pi\c Notice of Sheath ot Sureties.

C. 85.	50*	GEO.	III.

Year when eveiy fuch Memorial is regiftered (hall be entered in the Margin of the laid Regiftcr Books and in the Margins of the faid Memorials ; and that every fuch Rcgifter or Mailer (hall keep a fepa-rate Alphabetical Calendar of the Names of the Principals and Sureties mentioned in fuch Memorials, with References to the Book, Page or Number where the Memorials containing fuch Names are to be found 5 and fnch Rcgifter or Mafter (hall duly file every fuch Memorial in Order of Time as the fame (hall be brought to the faid Office, and enter and rcgifter the faid Memorials in the fame Order in which they (hall refpectively come to his Hands.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Per-fon who by reafon of h s Appointment to or holding of any fuch Office or Employment or Commiffion Civil or Military, in any Publick Department or of Publick Trull, or who by reafon of being concerned in the Col!e&ion, Receipt, Difhnrfement or Expenditure of any Publick Money is required or bound to give any ftieh Security, or rcgifter any fuch Memorial as aforefaid, (hail ncgledl to give fuch Security arid to caufe fuch Memorial thereof to be duly regiftered in manner aforefaid, and within the Period fpecitied in this Adt, he (hall forfeit and be deprived of the Appointment, Office, Employment or Commiffion, in refpeft whereof fuch Security ought to have been given and Memorial regiftered as aforefaid, and every fuch Appointment, Office, Employment or Commiffion, (hall, from and after the period fpecitied in this A£1 for regiftering fuch Memorial he wholly void and of none Efte& : Provided always, that fuch Avoidance (hall not annul or make void any A61 or Order, or other Matter or Thing, done by fuch Perfon during the time he a&ually held fuch Appointment, Office, Employment or Commiffion : Provided always, that no fuch Forfeiture (hall take place by reafon of any fuch Memorial not being regiftered under this A&, in which the proper Sureties (hall have been given and Memorial made out, and where the Failure of Rcgifter (hall have arifen from the Lofs of fuch Memorial in the tranfmitting thereof from beyond the Seas; Provided that in every fuch Cafe a new Memorial fpecifying the Reafon of fuch Delay, (hall be made out and figned and regiftered within the like Period, after the Perfon giving fuch Security lhall have received Notice of the Lofs, regard being had to the Place where he (hall then be, as is required by this A& for the Regiltry thereof if fuch Lofs had not arifen : Provided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for His Majefty to remit any fuch Forfeiture, in any Cafe in which any Failure of regiftering any fuch Memorial (hall not have arifen from any Neglect or Omiffion of the Perfon bound to regifter the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch Perfon as aforefaid, who (hall have given any Bond or Bonds* or other Security or Securities, with Surety or Sureties for the due Execution of the Truft repofed in him, or for the duly accounting for Publick Monies coming to his Hands, (hall give Notice in Writing to One of the Secretaries of His Majelly’s Trcafury, or to the Head of the Office or Departmeht to which he (hall belong, of the Death of any Surety or Sureties or Perfon or Perfons bound for or with him in any fuch Security or Securities, within One Calendar Month after the fame /hall have come to his Knowledge, if he (hall refide or be in Great Britain, ot within Four Months if in Ireland, or within Six Months if in any other Part of Europe, or in any Colony or Plantation in the

Digitized by Google

AJXiBio.

$6' GEO. I1L

C. 85, 8d*

*2t

Indies or Americas or within Nine Months if in Africa* or within Twelve Months if in India or in any other Part of Afia* or within Ten Months if he (hall be on the High Seas (unlefs he (hall Loner arrive in England* IValeSs Scotland or Irelands and then within Two Months after fuch Arrival) ; and any Perfon who (hall negled Penalty, to give fuch Notice within fuch Period as aforefaid fliall forfeit One fourth Parc of the Sum for which the Surety fo dead (hall have given Security, to the Ufe of His Majeftv, to be recovered in any of the Courts at llfejl minder* by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit of His Miajdly’s Attorney General; and every fuch Noglcfling t® Perfon who (hall upon the Death of any Surety neglect to give the aive frdh Security of another Surety, to be approved in fuch manner as fuch Purity. Surety dying was approved, within fuch Period from his having Notice of fuch Death, and to regifter a Memorial of the Security of fuch new Surety within fuch Period from his having given the Security of. fuch new Surety, as are herein refpe&ively limited for giving and regiftering the original Security, the lame Regard being had to the Place in which fuch Perfon may then be, (hall forfeit his p*naKy. Appointment, Office, Employment or Commiffion, in like manner, and under and fubjeCt to fuch Provifioos as aforefaid.

4 TT7HEREAS by an A£t of Parliament paded in the Thirty 39 G. a. c. 99.

4 VV ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled, § 1.

4 An Ad for regulating the Manner in •which the United Company of 1 Merchants of England trading to the Eail Indies /hall hire and take 4 up Ships for their regular Service; it is eua&ed, That from and 1 after the palling of that A&, the faid United Company or their 4 Court of Dire<flors (hould employ in their regular Service no Ships 4 but fuch as Ihould be contracted for to ferve the faid Company as 4 they (hould have Occafion to employ them in Trade and Warfare,

4 or any other Service, for Six Voyages to and from India or China%

4 or ellewhere within the Limits of tne faid United Company’s ex-4 dufive Trade, in manner in the faid Adt mentioned ; which A &

4 was explained and amended by an Art of Parliament paffed in 4 the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hi9 prefent Majelly: And 43 G. 3. c. 69. 4 whereas it is expedient that the Court of Directors of the faid 4 United Company (hould be empowered to hire and take up for 4 their regular Service, Ships already engaged or hereafter to be en-* ga^d in the Service of the faid United Company, in the manner 4 provided by either of the faid Arts, for the further Service of the f laid United Company, and alfo that they (hould be empowered to 4 take up by private ContraCt, Ships engaged in His Majelry’s Tranf*

4 port or other Service, to carry ConviCts, or Stores to New South 4 Wales* the Cape of Good Hope or Qnlon* for the Purpofe of 4 bringing Home Carggesfrom China orfor One Voyage only ;*

Beit therefore enaCted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Au-

C A P. LXXXVI.

An A£t to amend Two A£t$ paded in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Years of His prefent Majedy, for regulating the Manner in which the Eajl India Company (hall hire'and take

up Ships.

[15th June 1810.]

thority

Digitized by

Google

AJXi8ifi.

InwhatcaffcCourt of U ire (flora may hire Veffels after Voyage* for additional Voyages.

T^hns of Freight.

Provifo.

Hiring of Ship* employed in earning (ionviil* to New South Wale*.

39G.3.C. 109.

97 G. 2. c. 9.

C. 86,87.	jo*	GEO.	Ilf.

thority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Diredors of the faid United Company, by Publick Adver-tifement, to hire and take up for the regular Service of the faid United Company for fuch Number of Voyages to and from India or China, 9r elfewhere within the Limits of the exclufive Trade of the faid United Company, as the faid Court of Diredors fhall fee fit, beyond and after the Performance of the Number of Voyages for which any fuch Ship or VefTel refpedively have been or fhall be contraded to ferve the faid Company, Provided that fuch Ship or Ships fhall be fit or can be repaired and made fit to ferve the faid Company for fuch additional Voyage or Voyages: Provided always, that the Freight to be paid for any fuch Ship or Ships tp be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyaged, to be performed after the Expiration of the Number of Voyages for which fuch Ship or Ships refpec-tively fhall have been contraded for to ferVe the faid Company, fhall not exceed the Rate of Freight paid for fuch Ships refpedively under the laft Contrads refpedively by which they fhall have been engaged in the Service of the faid United Company, unlefs the Average Rate of Freight to be paid for the Ships of a fimilar Defcription, which fhall have been taken up to ferve the faid Company for Six Voyage* at lead, in confequence of the Advertifement under which any Ship or Ships fhall have been taken up to ferve the faid Company for Six Voyages at leaft, which fhall have been publifhed laft immediately before fuch Contract for an additional Voyage or additional Voyages fhall be entered into refpedively, fhall exceed fuch Rate, in which Cafe the Freight to be paid for Ships to perform any additional Voyage or Voyages may be extended to the faid Average Rate of Freight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided alfo, that in all Cafes of Ships taken up under the Authority of this Ad, all the Provifions and Diredions contained in the faid recited Aits fhall be adhered to and performed in the fame manner as in the faid recited Ads are mentioned and direded, fo far a* they fhall be applicable to the Cafe.

II. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Diredors of the faid United Company from time to time to hire and take up by private Contrad without adver-tifing, any Ship or Ships engaged in His Majefty’s Tranfport or other Service to carry Convids or Stores to New South Wales, the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, for the Purpofe of bringing home Cargoes from China or India 9 at fuch Rate of Freight and Demurrage as they fhall judge to be reafonable, fo as no fuen Ship fhall be hired or tfeken up for more than One Voyage.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Ad to amend Two Ads, relating to the railing Men for the Service of the Eaji India Company and the Quartering and Biiletting fuch Men ; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial.	[15th June 1810.]

*	XT7HEREAS an Ad paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the 1 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AQ for the better

*	recruiting the Forces of the Eaft India Company : And whereas an

*	Ad pafled in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His late 4 Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An A& for pumjbing

4 Mut ing

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.	.50° GEO. IIL	C.$7»	623

* Mutiny and	defertion of	Officertand Soldier3 in Service	of the

4 United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies ;

4 and for the Punifhment of Offences committed in the Eaft Indies or at 4 the lfland of Saint Helena: And whereas it would tend to the 4 more fpeedy recruiting of the Forces of the Eaft India Company,

4 if Men were permitted to enlift for a limited time in the Service of 4 the faid Company, without engaging to ferve in His Majefty's 1 Forces; and Provifion muft in fuch Cafe be made for Quartering 1 and Billetting the Men fo railed : And whereas it is alfo expedient 4 that the Provifions of the faid recited Adi of His late Majefty 4 King George the Second, as to Trials by Regimental Courts Mar-

•	tial, fhould be amended in relation to the Members and Witnefies 4 being fwom, as now required on fuch Trials in His Majefty's 4 Regular Forces :* Be it therefore enadled by the King's Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con feat of the Lords Spiritual a&d Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful Enllfting Mea for His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to order and caufe fuch fpecified in

of His Officers as he fhall fee fit, to levy, enlift and raife fuch 39 **•3; c* 109;

Number of Men, either for Life or limited Service, as His Majefty ^,,y^Vorce»^a

fhall from time to time think fit, not exceeding the Number of Men

fpecified in the faid recited Adi of the thirty ninth Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty aforefaid, for the fpecial Purpofe of

(erving in the JEajl Indies in the Forces of the faid United Company

only 5 and the Recruits to be raifed for fuch fpecial Purpofe, inftead

of taking the Oath of Fidelity appointed to be taken by the faid

recited Adi of the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid, or by any Adi iii

force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, fhall take the Oath

fpecified in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (A.) 5 and

inftead of the Oath of Service preferibed by any Adi in force for

the punilhing of Mutiny and Defertion, fhall take the Oath in the

Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (B.); which Oaths fhall be

adminiftered by all Juftices of the Peace and Magiftrates before

whom any fuch Recruits fhall be carried for the Purpofe of being

SUefted, and the Certificate given upon fuch Atteftation, fhall be in

$he Form in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked fC).

II. And be it further enadled. That all Soldiers entitled into thd ^ fui,je<q Service of the faid United Company of Merchants, fhall be trained Mutiny A& »nd and difeiplined, and fubjedl to fuch Command and Regulations, and to tf G. 2. c. 9. at all times and until their Embarkation be fubjedl to all the Provifions of any Adi in force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion; and tne better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and after their Embarkation, to the Provifions of the faid recited Adi of the Twenty feventh Year aforefaid, in like manner as is preferibed in the faid recited Adi of the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid; and all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Claufes, Rules, Regulations and Reftrittions, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and preferibed m the faid recited Adi of the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid, fhall extend and be in full Force as to all Soldiers enlifted under and after the palling of this Adi into the Service of the faid United Company of Merchants, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were ieverally and refpedtively repeated and re-enadted in this Adi and made Part thereof.

III. And

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSioi

Former A£U relating to quartertaring, &c.

Men may enlift lor 12 Years, &e.

tYovifo for re-en* lifting.

Local Militia Men inay ci.lift.

Llis Majrfty may

diu<^l Trials l»y Courts Mania!.

C. 87.	50° GE£>. lit.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities* Provifions, Claufes, Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, and Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and preferibed in any A& or A6t* of Parliament in force for the time being, in relation to the quartering and billetting and provifioning of, and Allowances in refpeA of fuch quartering and billetting of Soldiers and Officers in His Majefty’s Service, and to the providing of Carriages for the Ufe of Soldiers fhall, from and after the paffing of this A£t, extend to all Soldiers enlifted for or transferred into the Service of the faid United Company of Merchants, as fully and effe&ually as ft the fame were feverally and feparately repeated and re*ena<Sted in this A&, and made Part thereof ; any thing in the faid A6t of the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid, or any other Act or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithflanding.

* IV. And whereas it is expedient to allow Men to enlift in the.

* Service of the faid United Company for Twelve Years;’ Be it therefore enadted, That it fhall be lawful for any Perfon enlifting for limited Service in the Service of the faid United Company, to eniift for Twelve Years, if at the Time of fuch enlifting he (hall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and upwards, and if he fhall be under Eighteen Years of Age, then for fuch further Period beyond Twelve Years as (hall be equal to the Difference between Eighteen Years and the Age of the Perfon fo enlifting.

V. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be iawful for all Perfons who fhall have been enlifted for limited Service in the Forces of the faid United Company, after the Expiration of the fir ft Period for which they fhall have been feverally enlifted, to re-enlift for fuch further Period as fhall be allowed and appointed by any Order of the Governor General in Council in Bengal.

Vi. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for any Perfon ballotted or enrolled to ierve or ferving in the Local Militia, to enlift or enter into the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eafl Indies, in like Manner and at fuch Times as any fuch Perfon might or may enlift or enter into His Majefty’s Regular Forces.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Regimental and Garrifon and other Courts Martial which fhall be held for the Trial of any Offences committed by the Troops in the Service of the faid United Company, fhall have full Power, and are hereby authorized and required to take and adminifter fuch Oaths, and to proceed in fuch manner in the Trial of Offences, as His Majefty fhall from time to time think lit to order and dired.

SCHEDULES to which this A& refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

T sf. B. being enlifted to ferve in the [Infantry or Artillery, as thi A Cafe may be\ of the Eafl India Company, do fwear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duty bound, defend him in his Perfon, Crown and Dig-nity, againft all his Enemies 5 and I fwear, that I will alio be true to the laid United Company, and will duly obferve and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Geucrala and Officers who fhall be lawfully let over me.

SCHEDULE

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io«

50° GEO. IH.

C. 87,88.

225

SCHEDULE (R.)

T A\ B. do make Oath, That I am [or, have been, a/ the Cafe may be'] [fate Occupation, if any, or fate if none] and to the heft of my Knowledge and Belief was born in, [fate County, Par'tfh or Place,	and that I am ot the Age of Years	;

that I do not belong to tl.e Militia or to any Regiment in His Ma* jefty’s Service, or to His Majefty’s Navy or Marines ; and that I will fenre the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies until I (hall be duly and legally difcharged, [or, if the Recruit enfifs for limited Service, then leave out the IVords fcored under, and infer/] for the Period of T welve Years, [if the Perf on enlifling is of the Agf of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Differenee between his Age and Eighteen to be added to fuch Twelve Tears, as the Cafe may be, and fuck Period to be inferted infead of Twelve Tears] provided the faid United Company Ihould for fo long require my Service.	:

SCHEDULE (C.)

I	One	of	His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace

of	[or.	Chief	Magi (Irate of	]	do

hereby certify That	appeared	to	be

Years old.	Feet	Inches	high,

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came	before me

at	on	the	Day of

and ftated himfelf to be of the Age of	Years,

and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways difabled, by Lamenefs, Deafnefs, or otherwife, but had the perfeft Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice % and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlifted himfelf for the Bounty of	to	ferve	the	United	Company of

Merchants of England trading to the Eaf Indies, and did engage to ferve for the Period of	[this	Blank to be filed up by

the Magiftrale, either until difcharged, or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of enltfling*] ; and I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Sedtion ana Firft Article of the Sixth Se&ion of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Defertion were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Aft of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty, and alfo the Oath above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of on )>eing attefted; and that I have given to the faid	a	Duplicate	of	this	Certificate

figned with my Name.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to make Provifions for a limited Time refpefting ccnain Grants of Offices.	[15th	June 1810.]

• TT 7 HERE AS on account of certain Proceedings depending in • VV Parliament, it is expedient to eftabliffi the Provifions herein*

• after mentioned refpefting certain Grants of Offices for a limited 1 Time ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by the King^s Mod Excellent Ma-jeftr. by and with the Advice ami Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, 50 Geo. HI.	Q	and

Digitized

i>y Google



216

C: are.

A.D.1810.

Until Feb. 1, 1813, no Ful>-)ick Office fhall be granted in Reverfion, Sec.

Grants void.

How far Grants

of Offices in Courts of Law exempted.

ProTifo for Appointment of Af-fifbnts atvi Sucre (Tors to Clergy of Scotland.

50° GEO. HI;

and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the patting of this Adi until the Firft Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, no Publick Office, Place or Employment, (hall be granted in Reverfion, or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion, by His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or by any Board or Department of Government; and that during the time aforefaid no Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Common Law or Equity, ffialLbefo granted, fave as hereinafter is excepted.

II. And be it further enadted, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adt, {hall be to all Intents and Purpofes void; and that all Salary and Emoluments received under any fuch Grant or Appointment {hall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majefty** Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer, to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heir6 and Succeffors : Provided, that nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in auy of His Majefty’s Courts of Law, which fhall be made by any Chief Judge, Officers or Officer of any fuch Court being fuch Chief Judge, Officers or Officer at the time of patting this Adi 5 or to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any fuch Courts which fhall hereafter be made by any other Perfon or Perfons having at the time of patting this Adi the Right of granting any fuch Office, Place or Employment, if fuch Office, Place or Employment, was vacant at the time of patting this Adi, or which (hall He made by any other Officer or Officers of the faid Courts not being fuch at the time of palling this Adi, but becoming fuch by virtue of Appointments hereafter made by the Perfons refpedlively who at the time of pafling this Adi are the Chief Judges, Officers or Officer of fuch Courts : Provided that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to fave or render valid and effedlual, any Grants hereafter to be made by any fuch Chief Judges, Officer*, or other Perfons as aforefaid, of Offices in Reverfion, or for Joint Lives with Beuefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion, which Offices had not before been granted in Reverfion, or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion; nor to make good any Grants which fuch Judges, Officers or Officer, or other Perfons refpedlively would not have been entitled by Law to make, if this Adi had« not pafied : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to make void any Grants of any Offices, Places or Employments, in any of His Ma-jefty*s Courts of Law which fhall be granted by His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in Reverfion or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion, upon the Requeft or Recommendation of the Chief Judges or Officers of His Majefly’s faid Courts, being fuch at the time of patting this Adi, and which Offices, Places or Employments, have been heretofore fo granted upon fuch Requeft or Recommendation : Provided alfo, that this Adi fhall not be taken to prohibit the Appointment of Affiftants and Succeffors to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.	S°° GEO. III.	C. 89.	S27

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Aft for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	[15th	June j8io.]

TT.7HEREAS it is neceffary that ProviGon (hould be made for W defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten : Be it therefore enafted by the King*? Molt Excellent Majetty, hy and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for every Tour Months County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is Pay in advance, or (ball be raifed, the Lords Commifiioners of His Majcfty’s Tren-fury in Ireland (hall ifTue and pay out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland the whole Snins required, in the manner and for the feveral Ufes hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay) for the Pay of the faid Ratssof Pay. Militia at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant,

Pay matter and Surgeon refpeftively, where an Adjutant, Pay matter or Surgeon is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each Serjeant, refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence per Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant are appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer, fo refident as afore faid, with the Addition of Six pence per Day for each .Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer fo refident as aforefaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal fo refident as aforefaid; and alfo at the Rate Allowances fur of Four pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for Contingencies, defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Milkia; One Penny whereof (hall be applied for defraying the Hofoual Expences of each Regiment or Battalion during the Time of the Meo being from Home upon account of their annual Ex-ercife; and alfo for the Clothing of the Militia for fitch County, after Clothing, the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings fr.r each Serjeant; and Two Pounds for each DVtunraer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major ; and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Corporal, when fuch Serjeants, Drummers,

Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; and, with refpeft to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings for each Private Militi*

Man, when Rich Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years : Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal or Rates of Pfcy Drummer, fhall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Serieant, when on Fur-Corporal or Drummer, (hall, during fuch Abfence, receive the Rates lough, of Pay following: (that is to fay) every Serjeant the SunYof One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day refpeftively, and no more 5 and it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Q 2	Governors

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

TVovifo for Certificate of T)if-chargc of Serjeant, Ac.

Colonel to certify to Treafuiy Days of Exer-cife, Ac.

Rates of Fay.

Pay; &c. tfiued by Tretftiry of Ireland.

While Militia embodied, Pky and Allowance •o ceafe.

•Vo Fee on Warrant.

Perfops on Half IVr, 8tc lrning in Militia, to take Oath.

C.89.	50° GEO. III.

Governors of Ireland for the time being, to dired that any fuch Pay fhall be from time to time iffued by the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when fuch Advances fhall be made.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe the Colonel, or in his Abfence from the Kingdom, the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia (hall certify in Writing, to the Paymafter of the fame, that he hath difeharged any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in fuch Cafe no Pay (hall be iffued for fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

III.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Irelandy fhall have, fixed the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer fhall, as foon as may be, certify the fame to the Lords Commiffioners of His MaieftyV Treafury in Irelandy fpecifying the. Number of Men and the Number of Days fuch Men are to he abfent from Home on account of fuch Exercife, not exceeding in the Whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of fuch Certificate, to iffue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Enfign, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Quarter Mafter, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Afliiiant Surgeon, and alfo at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Tweuty eight, during which fuch Men fhall be abfent from Home on account of their Attendance at fuch Place of.annual Exercife.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the faid militia as aforefaid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Surgeons of the faid Militia fhaU be iffued and paid by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafuiy in Irelandy unaer the Diredion of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandy for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to iffue fuch Regulations as he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia is or fhall be embodied, or called out into a&ual Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or fhall be entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Maiefty’s other Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforefaid, fhall, during fuch time of adual Service, and until fuch Regiment or Battalion fhall be difembodied and return Home, ceafe and not be paid.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That no Fee or Gratuity whatfoever fhall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which fhall be iffued in relation to or in purfuance of this Ad.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That any Perfon being on Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having ferved in any or either of the Two Troops of Horfe Guards, or Regiment of Horfe

reduced.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8ro.

50• GEO. in.	C. 89.	229

\

reduced, and ferving in the Militia, ftiall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subfiftence Money by this Aft direfted to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants or Enfigns5.and the receiving and taking fuch Subfiftence Money by any luch Captain,

Lieutenant or Enfign, (hall not be deemed a receiving or taking Pay, fo a* in any manner to prevent fuch Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or fucn Allowance 5 and fuch Perfon (hall take the following Oath before forae Jullice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame.

*	J A. /?. do fwear, that I had not between the	Oath.

‘ and the	any	Place	or Employment of

4 Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allowance

*	of Half Pay as reduced	in

*	Regiment of	or	Allowance	as

4 in	late	Troop of Horfe Guards or

4 Regiment of Horfe reduced, fave and except my Subfiftence as an

*	Officer, for ferviug in the Militia in the County of

* So help me GOD.*

And taking the faid Oath (hall be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay, or the faid Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom, to the contrary not-withftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the Lords Commiffioners TWury to iflu» of His Majefty*s Treafury in Ireland, as foon as they (hall receive a MoneyforClodn Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of in8»

the refpeftive Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Clothing, which Certificate (hall fpecily the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men for whom the fame (hall have been fupplied, and an Order from the faid Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Perfon or Perfons who furnifhed the faid Clothing, (hall pay the Sum mentioned in fuch Order to the Perfon entitled to receive the fame. Provided the faid Clothing (hall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore direfted 5 and fuch Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Perfon receiving the faid Money, (hall be a fufficient Voucher to the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland for fuch Payment.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Hire or Coft of any How Expfnc* of Houfe or Place in which the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or Place for de-other Stores belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia pofuing Anns

in Ireland (hall be kept when not embodied, (hall be defrayed by ^ture* the County, and the neceflary Sum for that Purpofe (hall be raifed lra*Cc ‘ by Preferment of the Grand Jury of the faid County, and which Preferment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pafa, on a Certificate flgned by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief* Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and fpeeifying the Coft incurred or to be incurred in building fuch Houfe or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the fame; which Certificate (hall be tranfmitted by fuch Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for fuch County,

*t any time prior to the Firft Day of the Affizes for fuch County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to

Q 3	the

Digitized by

Google

PruYifo.

Provifo.

In what cafe Adjutants and burgeons entitled to Allowance.

>

t«r-

ri'.c to Snt.al-ttrrn OlHccr® at ■ r (Uu-ailxwly-

ing Militia-

49 G. 3. c. 85.

the Firfl Day of the preferring Term : Provided, that in no Cafe any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irtjh Currency (ball be prefented by fuch Grand Jury for the annual Rent of fuch Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irijb Currency (hall be required for building fuch Houfe : Provided alfo, that the Grand Juries of fuch Counties fhall be entitled to purchafe Ground for building and erecting fuch Houfe, in the fame manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchafe Grounds for building County Gaols.

X.	And whereas Perfons appointed to aft as Adjutants and Surgeons in the Militia may by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome Proviiion (hould be made for them in confideration of their former Services; Be it enafted, That if any Adjutant or Surgeon of the faid Militia, who fhall have ferved faithfully either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the faid Militia, for the full Term of Tweniy Years ip the Whole, Ten of which he fhall have ferved as an Adjutant or Surgeon of Militia, (hall have been by Age or Infirmity, rendered unfit for further Service, he fhall, on producing to the Lords Commifiioners of His Majelly’s Treafury iv\.Ireland a Certificate of fuch Service of Twenty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which lie belongs, be entitled to receive, and the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treafury in Ireland fhall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings p<r Diem : Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid, who fhall have ferved for a lefs Term than Ten Years in the Militia, or who fhall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majcfty.

XI.	And whereas it is expedient to make fume Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers, and to Quarter Maflers *nd AfMant Surgeons of the Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations; Be it therefore further enafted, That from and after the difembodying of the Militi » Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, fhall for the future be allowed and paid to fuch Subaltern Officers, Quarter Maflers and Affillant Surgeons to the Amount, under the Rellriftions, and in the manner hereinafter exprefled ; (that is to fay) to every Subaltern of the faid Militia, who fhall have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the paffing of an Aft of the lafl Seffion of Parliament intituled, An A3 for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland ; for holding Courts Marital on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the 1 ime fuch Militia fhall not be embodied ; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Pea r, been appointed to a Commifhon in the faid Militia, or who previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the paffing of this Aft, (hall be appointed to a Commiffiofi, and who fhall have continued faithfully to ferve in the fame Corps, until the difembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum fhall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace,

7	and

Digitized by A-OOQle

AD.i8io.

50° G&O. III.	C.	89.	*$t

and over and above any Deduftion of any Kind, or for any Purpofe whatfoever; and to every Quarter Matter and Attiftant Surgeon refpeftively, a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annum y in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

XU. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no P?r- Exception*, foo who is or fhall at any time hereafter become pofleffed of fuch an Eftatc or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain’s Cornmiflion in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or fhall be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paymafter ha any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, nor any Perfon denying in any way whatfoever, otherwife than as a Subaltern, Quarter Matter or Attiftant Surgeon of the faid Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatfoever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Array or Marines, who fhall alio hold a Subaltern’s Cornmiflion in the faid Militia, fhall have or be ih any wife entitled to the faid annual Allowance or any Part or Shfcfe thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in arty wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Subaltern Officer, Subalterns Quarter Matter and Attiftant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, who claiming AUo«» fhall claim under the Authority of this Aft to receive any fuch An- *"*»***■•• null Allowance, fhall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order tb	*

entitle himfelf thereto, annually take and fubferibe an Oath before fomc one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to which thfe Regiment or Battalion in which he ferves fhall belong, in the Word* or to the Effeft following, (videlicet)

• I A. B. do fwear, That 1 am ferving as a Subaltern Officer, Oath.

1 (Quarter Matter, or Attiftant Surgeon, as the Cafe may be) in *

4 the	Regiment	or	Battalion of the Militia of

4 Ireland; and that I am not in my own Right, or in Right of iny 4 Wife, nor have been fince difembodying of the faid Regiment or 4 Battalion, in the actual Pofieflion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the 4 Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of fuch 4 an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a 4 Captain’s Cornmiflion in the Militia of a County at large in.Ireland;

4 and that I am not, nor have, been fince the difembodying of the faid 4 Regiment or Battalion, an Adjutant or Paymafter in any Regiment 4 or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; that I do not hold or enjoy,

4 nor have held or enjoyed, nor does nor has any Perfon for me hold 1 or enjoy, or held or enjoyed fince the difembodying the faid Regi- .

4 ment or Battalion, any Office or Income whatfoever from the Pub-4 lick ; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of 4 the Navy, Army or Marines, nor have been fince the difembodying 4 of the faid Regiment or Battalion.	4	So	help	me	GOD.’

Which Oath, fo taken and fubferibed, fhall be by the faid Juftice Juftices to tr&nf-forthwith certified and tranfmitted, and he is hereby required to miiO*tbsto certify and tranfmit the fame to the Colleftor of Excife of the Collectors of Diftrift in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Exufe*

Town fhall be fituate, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Matter or Afiiftant Surgeon fhall be then ferving fhall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Porpofc* hereinafter mentioned.

Q 4	XIV.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

231

C. 89.

£o* GEO. lit.

A.D.iSto.

Subalterns to itteml annual Exercife.

Penalty.

Certificates of Attendant etranf-Attti *1 to (ol-le£tor of Excife.

Reafons for Leave of Able net* to 1. • i lift rtu! in Certificate.

Subaltern? entitled to Allowance though Militia not called out.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Affiftant Surgeon of the faid Militja who (hall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, (hall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required For that Purpofe, and (hall, during that time, punftually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Affiftant Surgeon of fuch Regiment or Battalion, on pain of forfeiting the (aid annual Allowance, as well as the Reil of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he (hall negleft or refufe to attend ; and Certificates of his having fo attended and performed his Duty, figned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, or Battalion to which he may belong, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid Commanding Officer to the Collector of Excife of the Diflrift in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town is fituate, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion in which fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mafter or Affiftant Surgeon is then ferving (hall belong, to be by the faid Collector received previous to any fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mafter or Affiftant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the faid annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mafter or Affiftant Surgeon claiming to be entitled to fuch annual Allowance, (hall be by his Commanding Officer permitted or fuffered for any fpecial Caufe or unavoidable Ncceffity, to be abfent during the Whole or any Part of fuch annual Exercife, (in which Cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer to grant fuch Leave of Abfence ; and for fuch Subaltern Officer, Qu?rter Mafter or Affiftant Surgeon, who may be fo permitted to be abfent, to demand and receive che faid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the annual Exercife) the Reafons for fuch Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, (hall be carefully and truly fpecified in the Certificates before mentioned, figned by the Commanding Officer, to be by him tranfmitted as foon as conveniently may be to the Colleftor of Excife for the Diflrift in which fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall belong is fituate, and to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, after the difembodying thereof, at any time (hall not be called out for the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mafter and Affiftant Surgeon belonging to any fuch Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Defcripiions of this Aft, who (hall have taken the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any fuch Jufticeof the Peace as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to the faid annual Allowance as if fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mafter or Affiftant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of fuch Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by *Law required for that Purpofe, and as if a Certificate of fuch Attendance, ligned by the Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment or Battalion, had been tranfmitted to the Colleftor of Excife for the Diftrift in which fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall belong is fituate, according to the Di-

reftions

233

A.D.1810.	jo0	GEO.	m.	C.	89.

regions of this Ad; any thing contained in this Ad tp the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And T>e it further enacted. That upon fuch Certificate as Allowance paid aforefaid of fuch Juftice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as ^it,lout JLKxiu«-aforefaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion ffiali not have been uons*

called out to their annual Exercife as aforefaid, upon Certificate of aoy fuch Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the refpe&ive Collectors, it (hall ana may be lawful for fuch Collectors, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the laid Subaltern Officers, Quarter Mafters and Amftant Surgeons, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatfoever, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands; all which Monies fo paid by fuch Collectors (hall be allowed them in their Accounts 5 the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in purfuance of this ACt.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That the Subaltern Officers, Subalterns no^ Quarter Mailers and Affiftant Surgeons of the faid Militia, entitled attending, &c. or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this ACt, (hall at all

times be liable to ferve in the refpeCtive Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the fame (hall be embodied or called out upon actual Service 5 and in cafe of NegleCt or Refufal to attend when called upon, or in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Affiftant Surgeon fhall a Second time negleCt or refufe to attend and perform his Duty at the annual Exercife as before directed, each and every fuch Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Affiftant Surgeon (hall forfeit his and their Claim to the faid annual Allow- Penalty, ance, and every Part thereof, in all time to come, and fhall alfo be confidered as having refigned and vacated his and their Commiffion and Commiflions to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That the faid feveral annual Allows <* paid Allowances fhall be paid to the Perfons refpeCtively entitled thereto, by Collector, t by the Collectors, upon the Production of the before mentioned feveral Certificates as foon after the times of the annual Exercife and Training as may be convenient or practicable : Provided always, that

nothing in this ACt contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this ACt, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at fuch annual Exercife as before mentioned, over and above the faid annual Allowance: Provided alfo, that nothing in this ACt fhall extend or hut not while be conftrued to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforefaid ^Ilia Cinl><>* to the faid annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time 1 the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs fhall be embodied or called out on aCtual Service : Provided alfo, that this ACt, and the Number of Benefits and Allowances therein contained, fhall extend, and be con- Allowance! ftrued to extend, to the Quarter Matter and Affiftant Surgeon of limited, each and every Regiment or Battalion refpeCtively, and alfo to the refpeClive Numbers of Subaltern Officers in each and every Regiment and Battalion hereinafter refpeCtively fpecified and no more, that is to fay, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confifting of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of only NineNCompanies: not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of poly Eight Companies; not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in

any



Digitized by C^ooQle

234

A.D.1810.

Senior Lieutenant o oave the

Preference.

Penalties, &c. how rccoverct'.

Altered, 8cc.

Continuance.

Secretary at War to ifTue the Sum neccffarv for *he Pay of the R< cu-lar and Local Militia, an Ordinj; to s herein mentioned.

*C. 89,90.	50° GEO.	III.

any Regirnetft or Battalion conMiftg of only Seven Companies ; and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confiding of only Six Companies.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe in any Regiment dr Battalion of the laid Militia, at the time of difembodying thereof, there (hall happen to be a greater Number of Subaltern Officers, coming within the Defcription of this Aft, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Provifo, the Senior Officers of fuch Number (hall always be preferred, and (hall be alone entitled to demand and receive the before mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Officers (hall fuc-ceed to fuch Allowances in rotation as Vacancies may happen among the faid Senior Officers from time to time.

XX.	And be it further cnafted, That all Penalties and Cofts and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money to or for which any Perfon or Perfons is or are or may be made anfwerable or liable, under or by virtue of this Aft, (hall be paid in Irijh Currency, and (hall be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Recqrd at Dublin, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law; Privilege or Protection, nor mere than one Imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent Sfffion of Parliament.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall continue in force until the Twenty tifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

CAP. XC.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of

the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year

One thoufand eight hundred and ten. [15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is neccfiary that Provifion (hould he made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nine : Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or (hall be railed, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required to caufe to be iflued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia refpeftively, in the Manner and for the fevcral UTes hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay) for the Pay of the faid Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mailer, where a Quarter Mailer is appointed 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a I)ay for each Serjeant refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings

and

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

jo5 GEO. III.

C, 90.

235

and Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed, and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal fo refident as aforefaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer fo refident as aforefaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drurfi Major is appointed ; and alfo at the Rate of Four pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and alfo for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia for fuch County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant Major, Two Pounds for each Corporal, Four Pounds One Shilling and Nine pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Six pence for each Private Man ; and that fuch Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Corporals and Drummers who may be retained on conftant Pay and refident at Head Quarters, fhall be clothed once in T\v6 Years : Provided always, that when any Setjeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall, during fuch Abfence, receive Pay at the following Rates inftead of thofe zbove mentioned; (that is to fay) every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day refpectively, and no more; and it (hall be lawful for the Secretary at War to caufe any fuch Pay to be from time to time iffued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for >Vhich fuch Advances (hall be made.

II.	And be it further enafted, That there (hall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular* Militia when difembodied, and Local Militia, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One Hundred Men of each fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence cf neceffary Medicines for the Sick Non-commiflioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Affembly for annual Exercife or Training; and Six pence per Month for each of the Non-commif-fioned Officers and Drummers of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps on conttant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of nccef-fary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-commiffioned Officers and Drummers on conttant Pay at Head Quarters, while fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Quarter Matter or Battalion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or Local Militia, (hall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Neceffaries, and other Stores under the Super-intcndancc of the Colonel or Commandant; and (hall, out of the Money hereby dire&ed to be iffued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenees of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time, iffue out and pay fuch Sums of Money as may be neceffary for the Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing iigned by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of fuch Sums as (hah be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforefaid, he (hall Three time3 in the Year make up Accounts of all

fuch

Rates of Pay to Seijearm/Corporals and Drummers on Furlough.

Allowance u» Surgeons.

Quarter Mailer or Battalion Clerk to have the Charge of Anns, &c. to account.

Digitized by Google

A.D.idio.



Balance to fonn a Stork Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, &c.

Tay to Militia (when ii embodied J regulated.

Money for Pay and (Mod ighow iffaed.

49 G. 3. C. 07»

so G, o. c. 7.

42 G 8. c. 90.

Allotrance t# Innkeepers.

C. 90.	50° GEO. III.

fuch Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands; which faid Balance (hall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and tranfmit the fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of fucli Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and ngned; and the faid Accounts, fo allowed and ligned, (hall be and are hereby direded to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of fuch Quarter Matter or Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Difpofal of fuch Money.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the Officers and Non-com-miffioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia and Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, (hall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the faid Pay and Allowances (hall only extend to fuch Period or Periods for which the faid Regu-gular Militia or Local Militia (hail be called out for the Purpofe of annual Excrcife or Training, or when called out for fuppreffing Riots or Tumults, exclufive of the Days of arriving at and Departure from, and marching to and from the Place appointed foj, Excrcife; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwith-flanding.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia as aforefaid, (hall be ifTued and paid under the Dircdion of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to iffue fuch Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt, from time to time, in that Behalf.

4 VI. And whereas in purfance of an Ad patted in the lad Sef-4 fion of Parliament, intitled, An Ad for increasing the Rates of Sub-4 Jijlienceto be faid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, cer-4 tain increafed Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders and * others on whom Non-commiffioned Officers and Private Soldiers 4 may, by virtue of an Ad paffed alfo in the prefent Seffion of Par-4 liament for puniffiing Mutiny and Ddertion; and for the better 4 Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that 4 Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called 4 England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon 4 Tweed: And whereas by an Ad pafTed in the Forty fecond Year 4 of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for amending 4 the Laws relating to the Militia in England ; and for augmenting the 4 Militia; the Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers and 4 Private Men of the faid Militia, when called out to annual Exercife, 4 are required to be quartered and billeted in Inns, Livery Stables, 4 Alehoufes, Vidualling Houfes, and all Houfes of Perfons felling 4 Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin by Retail;9 Be it enaded, That the Innholders and others on whom the faid Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia (half be fo quartered and billeted, (hall be entitled to and receive the fame Rates of Allowance for each. Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drumer and Private Man fo quartered and billeted upon them, during the Time of their remaining attembled for Exercife as aforefaid, and under the fame Rules and Regulations as fuch Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned Ad for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers

and

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io*

50* GEO. III.

C» 90.

237

and private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the refpe&ive Cafes of their furnifhing them with Diet and Small Beer, or fupplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles fpecified in the faid A ft for punching Mutiny and Defertion; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to fupply the neceffary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances fo to be made to the faid Innholders and others; Provided always, that each of the Non-commiflioned Officers,

Drummers and Private Men who (hall be furnifhed with Diet and Small Beer as aforefaid, ffiall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money, as is or ffiall be contributed in the like Cafe by the Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That any Per- P&rfons on Half fon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any

Allowance as having ferved in any of His Majefty’s Forces, or Navy receive*?*?-or Marines, and ferving in the Local Militia, ffiall and may, and he * is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subfiftence Money by this Ad directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Enfigns, Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Surgeons; and the receiving ana taking any fuch Subfiftence Money by any fuch Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Quarter Mailer, Surgeon, ffiall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay fo as in any Manner to prevent fuch Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or fuch Allowance; and fuch Perfon ffiall take the following Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame:	^ ^

* t A. B. do fwear, That I had not between the 4 I and the	any	Place or Employ-

ment of Prorit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced in His Majefty's Navy, [or in the Marines], [or, in late Regiment of	], [or Allowance as	in

late Troop of Horfe Guards], [or,

Regiment of Horfe reduced], fave and except my Subfiftence [as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, or Quarter Mailer, Surgeon, as the Cafe may 3e], for ferving in the Local Militia of the County of

And the taking the faid Oath ffiall be fufficient to entitle fuch Per-fon to receive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance, without taking any other Oath 5 any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not with-Handing.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no Non- ReceivingCkel-commiffioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Miliiia or Local fea Pentium Militia, entitled to receive any Chelfea Peniions or Allowance, ffiall w

forfeit or lofe his Right to the fame by reafon of his ferving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

IX.	And whereas Perfotis appointed to adt as Adjutants in the Allowance to Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of Adjutant* unfit doing the Duty thereof; and it i# expedient that fome Provifion to locve.

(hould be made for them in confideration of their former Services 5

Be it enadled, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who ffiall have ferved faithfully either in His Maiefty’s Regular Forces or in the Regular Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole,

Fifteen of which he (hall have ferved as an Adjutant of Regular Militia,

Digitized by Google

23*

A.D.1810.

Allowance not to affe& Half fay.

Allowance toPer-fona ferving as Adjutants in rr-duced Regiments, &r.

Allowance to Sutgeons after 30Yean Service.

Receivers General oi Laud 'i ax

C. 90.	50*	GEO.	IH.«

litia, (ball by Age or Infirmity be temkfred unfit for further Service* he fhall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which fuch Regular Militia fhall belong, if in Englandy or to the Receiver General for Scotia nd> if in Scotland, a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officer# of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforefaid refpe&ively fhall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, aa Allowance at the Race of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance aa aforefaid who fhall have ferved for a lets Term than Fifteen Years aa ao Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who fhall hold any Office.or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefly, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia: Provided alfo that no fuch Adjutant fhall lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay, by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as aforelaid, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in eafe any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company fhall have already ceafed and determined, or been reduced in its Eilablifhment, or lhall ceafe and determine, or be redtaced in its Eilablifhment during the Continuance of this Adi, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem fhall be paid to, fuch Perfon as has actually ferved aa Adjutant to fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or from the time fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company fhall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, as the Cafe may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven: Provided always that no fuch reduced Adjutant fhall lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as laft aforefaid, but (ball be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance..

XI.	And whereas Perfoas appointed to ad aa Surgeons in the Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing tlie Duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome Proviiion fhoukl be made for them in confideration of their former Services; Be it ena6ted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully ferved in the Militia for the full T^rm of Thirty Years, fhall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he fhall, oa producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which fuch Regular Militia fhall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforefaid refpedivcly fhall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, an Advance at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day : Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid who fhall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military under His Majeffv.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That in every County, Riding

or

AJXiRi*,	5q®	GEO.	III.	C. 90.

or Place in Engltyfa where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is to pay Money re-or (hall be raifed, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land f<* Allow-Tax for fuch County, Riding or Place refpe&ively, and in every General andSub-County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular d,¥ifion Meot^ Militia or Local Militia is or (hall be raifed, the Receiver General mgs* for Scotland (hall iflue and pay the whole Sums required for the re-ipedive Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in England, at the Rates fallowing ; that is to fay, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the feveral Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting ; and fuch further Allowance (hall be made to fuch refpe&ive General and Subdivifion Clerks, for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Perfons returned liable to ferve in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, by taking the Names of all Perlons who may appeal, and whofe Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferting the Names qt any Perfons that (hall have been omitted to be inferted ; and iu numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot after the Rate of One Pound Fifteeu Shillings for every Oue thou-fand Names of Perfons returned liable to ferve ; and alfo for the a&ual Expences incurred by fuch refpe&ive Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary ufed for the Purpofe of this A&, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the refpe&ive Counties, Ridings, Cities or Places, (hall appear reafonable and proper; and in, cafe the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of fuch further Allowances as atorefaid, (hall be confirmed at a General Meeting confuting. of notiefs than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwife.

XIII.	And be it enabled, That the Receivers General in England who (hallproduce (hall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at tl,e Order for the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or fuch further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpofe from His Majefty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants aflembled at lome General Meeting or Meetings; and (hall alfo pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivifiow Meetings, their feveral Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or fuch further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, aifembledin the federal Subdivifion Meetings ; which faid Order or Orders, fpecifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Parpofe or Purpo(e9 the faid General and Subdivifion Meeting or Meetings have been alfembled and held, together with the Clerk’s Receipt or Receipts for the Sums fo claimed; (hall be to the Receivers General in England refpe&ively a fufiicient Difcharge for the Payment of fuch Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the feveral Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivifion •Meetings, for their Trouble and Expenccs in the Execution of this Ad in Scotland> (hall be paid and defrayed in the fame Manner in which School-matters* Coultables, and other Perfons employed in the Execution of an Ad, palfed in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeily, intituled, An A& to raife and 42 G. 3. c. fl.

ejlablijh

Digitized by Google

%4 O

Stamp Duty on Coramiffioiu in Loral Militia repaid.

Bills, &c. drawn for I'ay not on damped Paper.

Feet*

How Penalties fned.

39 &40G.3. v. 44.

rewed and continued tUL

0.90,91.	50°	GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

ejlallijh a Militia Force in Scotland, are direfted to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and he is hereby required, to repay any Sum of Money which may have been paid for the Stamp Duty, on any Commiffion of any Officer in the Local Militia, under fuch Regulations, and in fuch Manner, as the Secretary at War fhall appoint.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia under this Aft, may or fhall be drawn upon unflamped Paper; and no fuch Bill, Draft or Order fhall be void, by reafon of being fo drawn or written on undamped Paper.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That no Fee or Gratuity whatfoever fhall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which fhall be iflued in relation to or in purfance of this Aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That all Penalties and Cods and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Perfon or Perfons is or are by this Aft made anfwerable, may and fhall be recovered in any of His Majedv’s Courts of Record at Urt?/?-minjler, or in His Majedy’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according 'as the Cafe may require, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no EfToign, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed<

CAP. XCI.

An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and amend fo much of an Aft, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majeftv, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, difembodied under an Aft of the fame Seffion of Parliament.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Aft pafled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His prefent Ma-* jedy, intituled, An AB for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thoufand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances 4 to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia^ difembodied 4 under an A8 of this Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An A3 for ftw-4 bling His Majefly to accept the Services of an additional Number cf 4 Volunteers from the Militia under certain Reflrifiions> which has 4 been revived and continued by fevetal fubfequent Afts until the 4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, 4 fhould be again revived and further continued, fo far as the fame * relates to Adjutants and Seijeant MajorsBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this prefent Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Aft and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provifions relating thereto, fhall be revived from the faid Twenty fifth Day of

March

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.x8io»

241

jo° GEO. HI.	C. 91, 92.

March One thoufatfd eight hundred and ten, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, fo far as the fame relates to Adjutants and'Scijeant Majors ; and that all fuel* and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the faid Ad and Allowances had been continued by any Ad of Parliament before the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, fhall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully fatisfied, in like manner in every Refped as if this Ad had pafied before the faid Twenty fifth Day ot March One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

II. And be it further enaded, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance u*der this Ad may receive and take fuch Allowance, together with the Pay of any fuch Commifiion, or Half Pay, or any fuch other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may he entitled as fuch Adjutant: Provided always, that no fuch reduced Adjutant fhall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Ad during the lime he fhall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Mujclty, other than fuch as aforefaid.

CAP. XCII.

An Ad for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while difembodied.

[15th June 1810.]

* TT J HE RE AS it is expedient to make fome Addition to the ‘ VV Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces in

*	Great Britain, while difembodied, under certain Regulations May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moil Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Ad the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they are now by Law entitled, during the time of annual Exercife, fhall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Reilridions, and in the Manner hereinafter exprefied, to every Subaltern Officer now bearing a Commifiion and ferving in the Militia of Great Britain, who fhall continue faithfully to ferve in the fame Corps, or who previoufly to the Expiration of Three Months from the paffing of this Ad fhall be duly appointed to a Commifiion, and fhall continue faithfully to ferve in the embodied Militia, and in the fame Corps until the difem-bodying thereof; (that is to fay) to a Lieutenant or a Surgeon Twenty five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six pence, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Five pence per Diem for Three hundred and fixty fix Days; and to an Enfign Twenty one Pounds Seven Shillings, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for Three hundred and fixty lie Days: Provided always, that all fuch Officers of the Militia as are now ferving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant fhall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Pur-poles of this Ad.

II. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon who 50 Geo. IIL	R	is

Marches, 18M,

fo tar as Aujutanu, &.c.

Reduced Adjutants entitled to Pay and AUowt sure wider A £k.

Annual Allowances betides Pay to Lieutenants, Surgeons and Euugus.

$&ceptiont.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io,

' w and

Surgut is to take the following

Oath*

Juflices to tranf-111 it Oath to Re-ttiu-r Geucial.

ShtltfJlcnw and Sur^rons to attend annual Jtxerait.

C. 92.	50° GEO. m.

is or (hall during the Continuance of this Ad become poflefled of fuch an Eftate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commiflion of Captain of a Company in the Militia, or who is or (hall be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Perfon deriving in any way whatfoever, otherwife than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of the Militia any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Pub-lick, nor any Officer on the Full of Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who (hall alfo hold a Subaltern’s or Surgeon’s Commiflion, and have ferved as aforefaid in the Militia, (hall have or be in any wife entitled to the faid annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons of the Militia, who (hall claim under the Authority of this Ad to receive any Part of the faid annual Allowances, (hall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelves thereto, take and lubferibe an Oath before fome One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company in which they ferve (hall belong, in the Words or to the Effed following; (videlicet)

4 y A'B* do fwear. That I belonged to the

*	*	of	Militia when the fame was difembodied, and that

4 I have continued to ferve therein from that Time until the

*	Day	of	incluiive,	as a [Captain Lieutenant,

4 Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon, as the Caje may be~\ and that I was 4 not, in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during the faid 4 Period, in the adual PolTeffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the 4 Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of fuch 4 an annual Value above Reprifes, as would qualify me to hold a 4 Commiffiou of Captain of a Company in the Militia ; that I have 4 not, during the above Period, held the Appointment of Adjutant 4 or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; 4 that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did or has any Perfon for me 4 hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, during the faid Period, any Office 4 or Income whatfoever from the Publick, except my Pay a3

4	for the Period of the Corps having aflembled

4 to be trained and exercifed ; and that I was not entitled during the 4 faid Period either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or 4 Marines.

4 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath, fo taken and fubferibed, (hall be by the faid Juftice forthwith certiticd and tranfmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and tranfmit the fame to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia in "which fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon (hall be then ferving (hall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, to be by him tiled and preferved for the Purpofcs hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it fuither enacted. That every Subaltern Officer aad Surgeon of the Militia who (hall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this A£t, (hall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent

Company

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io%

*43

50° GEO. III.	C.	92.

Company to which he belortes, during the Whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpoie, and (hall, during the faid Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, on pain of forfeiting the faid annual Allowance, as well as the reft of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year, in which he ftiall negleft or refufe to attend; and Certificates of his having fo attended and performed his Duty, figned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which he may belong, (hall be traufmitted by the faid Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the faid Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia (hall belong, and alfo to the Receiver General of fuch County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon claiming to be entitled to fuch annual Allowance, (hall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or fuffered, for any fpecial Caufe or unavoidable Neceffity, to be abfent during the Whole or any Part of fuch annual Exercife, (in which Cafe it fliall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer to grant fuch Leave of Abfence, and for fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon who may be fo permitted to l^e abfent, to demand and receive the faid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the faid annual Exercife) the Reafons for fuch Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, (hall be carefully and truly fpecified in Certificates (in lieu of thofe before mentioned^, to be figned by the Commanding Officer, and to be tranfmitted as foon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, wherein fuch Subaltern or Surgeon (hall be ferving, (hall belong, and fdfo to teb Receiver General of the fame County, Riding or Place,, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland,

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Regiment, Battalion, Coips or Independent Company of Militia, after the difembodying thereof, and before the refpc&ive Days hereinafter fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the laid annual Allowances, (hail not be called out for the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon belonging to any fuih Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, and coming within the Defcriptions of this A61, who (hall have taken and lub-feribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any fuch Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to the faid annual Allowance, as if fucli Subaltern Officer or Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpofc, and as if a Certificate of fuch Attendance, figned by the Commanding Officer of the faid Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, had been tranfmitted to the Lieu* tenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company (hall belong, and alfo to the Receiver General of the fame County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if

R 2	m

Penalty.

Certificate* of Attendance tranfmitted to 1 .it utenant and Receiver General of County.

Her fun* Tor Ix»ve of Abfence to be inferted in Certificate.

Sul>altem* and Surgeon* entitled to Allowance, though Militia not called out.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Allowances paid w t‘«nit Deductions.

SetaWns awl Surgeons not atiewtiiijg.

Peiahy.

AlltrtvanccH paid tv Hoeciv t Cictural on lVo-dulUon ofCcr-tificatcs; btr Mot while

Milk i« cin-Dodiod.

Number *f AMowruces JiioUed,

C. 92.	50°	GEO. III.	A.D.ifiid.

in Scotland, according to the Direftions of this Aft; any thing contained in this Aft to the contrary hereof notwithftanding\

VI.	And be it further enafted, That upon fuch Certificates as afoiefaid of fuch Juftice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforefaid, or (where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia {hall not have been called out to their annual Exercife as aforefaid) upon a Certificate of any fuch Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the refpeftive Receivers General, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the faid Subaltern Officers and Surgeons, according to the refpeftive Commiffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon, in addition to their Pay, for the Time of training and Exercife, One Moiety of the annual Allowance above mentioned on the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the other Moiety of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, without any Deduftion whatfoever, out of any pubiick Monies in their Hands, and to chaise the fame in their refpeftive annual Accounts of Monsy difburfed for the Ufe of the Pubiick; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them, in purfuance of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the Subaltern Officers and Sufgeons of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, {ball at all times be liable to ferve in the refpeftive Regiments, Battalions, Corps or Independent Companies to which they belong, whenever the fame {hall be embodied, and called out upon aftual Service ; and in cafe of Negleft or Refufal to attend when called upon, or in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon {hall at any time wilfully negleft or refufe to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercife as before direfted, and at fuck other Times, or for fuch other Occafions, as may be required of him in purfuance of the Laws now in force refpefting the Militia when difembodied, each and every fuch Subaltern Officer and Surgeon fhall, upon fuch Negleft or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which fuch Subaltern or Surgeon {hall belong, forfeit his Claim to the faid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, and {hall alfo beconfidered as having red-gned and vacated his Commiffion to all Intents and Purpofeswhatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral annual Allowances (hall be paid to the Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land Tax in England\ and the Receiver General for Scotland refpeftively, upon the Produftiou of the before mentioned feveral Certificates, on or as foon after the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven refpeftively, as may be convenient and prafticable: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained ffiall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer or Surgeon as aforefaid to the faid annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Militia to which he belongs fhall be embodied or ordered out ou aftual Service; Provided alfo, that this Aft, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to more than Ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confifting of more than Ten Companies;

Digitized by

Google

AJ).i8io.

5o° GEO. III.

C	a45

panics; to more than Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confifting of more than Eight and lrfs than Eleven Companies ; to more than Eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confifting of more than Six and lrfs than Nine Companies; or to more than Five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Six or of a lefs Number of Companies, except where the Companies confift of Ninety Private Men each or upwards, in which Cafe this Ad, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, may be extended to Eighteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confifting of more than Ten Companies ; to Sixteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confifting of more than Eigbt and lefs than Eleven Companies; to Fourteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confifting of more than Six and lefs than Nine Companies; and to Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confifting of Six or of a lefs Number of Companies.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe in any Regiment, Senior Lleu-Battalion or Corps of the Militia, at the Time of difembodying tenants to hare thereof, there (hall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants 1,16 l>r*ferw‘ce-coming within the Defcriptions of this Ad, than can be entitled to

claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Provifo, the Senior Lieutenants of fuch Number (hall always be preferred, and (hall be* ailone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned Allowances 5 and that the junior Lieutenants (hall fucceed to fuch Allowances in Rotation, a3 Vacancies may happen among the faid Senior Lieutenants from time to time.

X.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue in Continuance of force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hun-

dred and eleven, and no longer.

An A€t for the improving and completing the Harbour of Holyhead in the Iflc of Anglefea.	[15th	June	1810.]

4 TT7HEREAS the Port and Harbour of Holyhead, in the I (land 4 VV of Anglefea, is a Station for His Majefty’s Packets to and 4 from Ireland, from and to Great Britain ; and the improving and

*	completing the faid Port and Harbour will be highly beneficial in 4 promoting the Intercourfe between His Majefty’s Subjeds in Great 1 Britain and Ireland; And whereas it is expedient, that Comiqif-4 fioners (hould be appointed to carry into Effed all fuch Plans as

•	may be found ncceflary for the completing and improving the faid 4 Harbour:’ Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a Hem bled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That the Members for the County c •{**„ of Anglefea, and Town of Beaumaris, and the refident Minifter the ti?po^Jed. Parifti of Holyhead, all for the time being ; and alfo the Right Honourable Henry William Paget commonly called Lord Paget, Sir John Thomas Stanley Baronet, Sir Robert Williams Baronet, Sir John Bui he • ley Knight, Owen Williams of Llaneden, Owen Put land Meyrick of Bodorgan, Paul Panton of Pldfgwyn, Sir William Hu«h*s nf Pint1

CAP. XCIII.

cock,	Jones	of	Llynon, Holland

Griffith, Edward Stanley of Penrhos, John Jones of-Penrhos, William Peacock Efquires, and Hugh Wynne Jones of 7re-

forwortb Clerk, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Comraiffioners

R 3	for

Digitized by

246

A.D.j8io.

C.‘93.	5o° GEO. III.

for executing this Aft, and the faid Commiflioners (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cany into Execution thin Aft, and to do all fuch Matters and Things under the Regulations of this Aft for the completing and improving of the faid Harbour, as the faid Commiflioners or any Three of them (hall think requifite and neceflary, and the faid Commiflioners fhall from time to time meet in the Parilh of Holyhead for the Purpofes of this Aft, and at all fuch Meetings, in cafe of an Equality of Voices, the Chairman (hall have a calling Vote.

Vacancies to le II. And be it further enafted, That in cafe of any Vacancy or filled up.	Vacancies	by	Death	or	Refignation	of any One or more of the faid

Commiflioners, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons as he may think proper to fupply fuch Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Perfon fo nominated and appointed (hall be held and confidered to be invefted with all fuch Powers as are by this Aft given to any Commifiioner appointed by this Aft in whofe Room fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be nominated and appointed.

Plans formaUng III. And be it further enafted, That the Commiflioners for carry-Rortds, and tor jng into Execution this Aft or any Three of them (hall, from time to completing Har- time, an(j they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to propefe, aflign and lay out Plans for the making, repairing, altering, clearing away, pulling down or rebuilding any Roads, Houfes, Offices or Places, Banks, Holes or Shallows, which fuch Commiflioners (hall think proper and neceflary to be made, repaired, altered, pulled down or rebuilt for the Purpofes of this Aa, and alfo Plans for the completing and improving ot the faid Harbour and Port, and for the making and keeping in Repair of fuch Roads, Ways, Piers, Jetties, Works and other Ereftions and Buildings, as they (hall think proper and neceflary for the Purpofes of this Aft; and the faid Commiflioners (hall alfo propofe, aflign and lay out Plans of the manner in which Houfes and Buildings (hall be erefted and built on any Ground, which is, or (hall, or may become veiled in His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors for the Purpofes of this Aft, and alfo in what manner any vacant Ground, on which the faid Commiflioners (hall not think proper that any Houfes or Buildings (hould be erefted or built, (hall be employed and laid out.

To He fuWutcd IV. And be it further enafted, That all fuch Plans to be from to the irealury. time t0 time pr0p0fed by the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this Aft (hall by the faia Commiflioners be laid before and fubmit-ted to the' Lord High Treafurcr, or to the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trealurer, or any Three or more of them, to examine and conlider of fuch Plans, and to deiermine upon and improve the fame, or to make any Alterations therein refpeftivcly, and to direft either that fuch Plans and Regulations refpeftively (hall be carried into Execution, or (hall be fufpended or laid aftde, or (hall be varied or altered in Part, or in the Whole, as fuch Lord High Treafurer, or Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, (hall think fitting and expedient; and the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commil-fioners tor executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer (hall give Notice in Writing under the Hand of the faid Lord High

Treafurer,

Digitized by

Google

i<f GEO, III,

C.93.	*47

Tpo/urer, or the Hands of any Three of the faid Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, of fuch their Approbation or other Determination refpedively, to the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, and the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad (hall proceed to carry into Effed all fuch Plans as (hall be approved of or dire&ed by the faid Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, and fuch Plans (hall be carried into Effed, and fuch Roads,

Ways, Piers, Jetties, Works, and other Eredions and Buildings,

(hail be proceeded upon by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad or any Three 0? them accordingly.

V.	And be it further enade^, That after fuch Plans (hall have Harlxwr to be been propofed and approved as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the deepened. Piers, Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad, or fuch Perfon or	v

Perfona as they (hall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands erc^e^* and Seals nominate and appoint, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen and Servants 5 and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to deepen, cleanfe and fcour the faid Port and Harbour of Holyhead, and to contrad and leffen the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and to build fuch Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, and to make and effed fuch other Works as (hall be neceflary for improving, completing and preferving the faid Port and Harbour, and for that Purpofe tq dig, take up, remove and carry away any Rocks, Stones, Soil, Sand, Gravel, Rubbifa or other grofs Matter, which (hall obltrud, prejudice or hinder the Navigation of the faid Port and Harbour, or the Improvement thereof, and to ca(l, lay and lodge the fame behind fuch Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, as (hall be requifite for effecting the Purpofes of this Ad, be it the Ground or Soil of any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corpoiate whomfoever, and alfo to dig, cut, remove and take away all Beds of Gravel, Saod, Stones, or any other Obftrudions or Impediments whatfoever, which may any way obftrud the faid Port and Harbour, or the Improvement or Ufe thereof; and alfo to build, ered, fet up and make iu the faid Port and Harbour, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the fame, fuch Quays, Wharfs, Jetties,

Works, Eredions and Buildings, as and where the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper aud neceflary, for the carrying on, completing, improving, maintaining and preferving the faid Port and Harbour, and rendering the fame fafe and commodious for His Maiefty's Packets, and all other Ships and Veflels repairing thither; and alfo to make, amend, widen, turn, alter or enlarge any Road?, Ways, Paflages, or other Conveniences, asthe faid Commiffioners (hall think proper and neceflary, for the carrying and conveying of all Sorts of Materials to and from the faid Port and Harbour, and alfo to carry and convey the fame in, over, and upon any Lands or Grounds in order to the making, carrying on, perfeding and improving and (iniflung of the faid Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Works, Eredions and Buildings, and for altering, repairing and maintaining the fame ; and alfo to lay, work and manufadure the faid Materials upon the Ground, near to the Place or Places where the faid Works, or ar f them, (hall

be, or are intended to be made, ereded or done; an o to get, dig. Materials may. take and carry away Soil, Sand, Rock, Clays, Gravel and other be taken, nakia Materials proper, requifite and convenient for making, carrying on, Snkfadioi. foe altering and continuing the (aid Works and Undertakings in or from "“V*



any

Digitized by



Commifl&oners with Confeni of Treafuiy m*y purciiafe Lands.

Gonira<fU for talc-i ig down Houfca a id (lifpofing of MaiefisU.

SurpVm I^and

rpay be fold or let.

any Ground of any Perfon or Perfons adjoining or lying contiguous to the faid Port or Harbour (not then being Ground whereon any Houfe (lands, nor haring been for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then next immediately preceding an Orchard, Pleafure Ground or planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe) ; and alfo to make, complete and maintain all and every or any fuch Ways and Roads whatever, as and where the faid Commiflioners (hall think requifite and convenient for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and alfo tp do and perform all other Works, Matters and Things, which (hall be neceffary or proper for the improving and completing of the faid Port and Harbour, and rendering the fame fafe and commodious ; and for executing the Purpofes of this Ad, they the faid Commiflioners, and the other Per-lons hereby empowered to perform the faid Works and Things, doing as little Damage as may be to and upon the Premifes, and giving or tendering fuch Satisfadion to ihe Owners and Occupiers of and Perfons interfiled in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments re-fpedively, for any Damage that may happen or be occafioned to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as the faid Commiflioners (hail for that Purpofe order, adjudge, direcl or appoint, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Aft; and in cafe of any Difference or Difpute concerning fuch Damages, or the Quantum thereof, the fame (hall be fettled and determined in the manner by this Ad provided with refped to the Value of Land or Premifcs taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this A6t.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and maybe lawful for the Commiflioners for the Execution of this Ad, or any Three of them as aforefaid, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain, or of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, to purchale all fuch Land, Ground, Buildings, Houfes, Hereditaments and Pre-mifes whatever as the faid Commiflioners for executing of this Ad may, by and with the Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, think neceffary to be purchafed and employed for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and all luch Ground, Buildings, Houfes and Premiies whatever which (hall be purchafed under or by virtue of this A 61, (hall, when fo purchafed, be veiled in His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and (hill be taken poffeflion of, and (hall be employed for the Purpofes of this Ad, according to the Dire6lions of the Commiflioners for executing this Ad, under the Regulations in this Ad mentioned and contained.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners for executing this Ad, or any Three of them from time to time to dired or contrad for the taking down any Houfes or Buildings which (hall be purchafed under this Ad, and for the felling and difpoiing of the Materials of all fuch Houfes and Buildings ; and alfo to contrad for the granting, leafing, felling or difpofing of, and to grant, leafe, fell and difpofe of any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which (hall be purchafed under this Ad, and which (hall not be neceffary for the Purpofes of this Ad; and all fuch Materials, and all Money arifing from the Sale thereof, and all Money arifing from the Produce of the Rent, or from the Sale of any fuch Lands, Tenements and'Hefeditamenta, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Commiflioners for executing this

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSio.

*49

50* GEO. Ill,	C.93.

Ad, and all fuch Money (after paying and deduding the ncceffary Ex peaces of pulling down fuch Houfes and Buildings, add of the Sale of the Materials thereof, or of the Sale of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments) (hall and may be difpofed of and applied under the Diredion of the faid Commiffioners in and towards the Purpofes of this Ad, as the faid Commiffioners (or any Three of them as aforefaid) (hall think fitting and expedient; and the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad (hall, from time to time, render and give an Account to the Lord High Treafurerof Great Britain, or to the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurerof the Amount of all Money received by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, and of the Application thereof for the Purpofes of this Ad, in manner aforefaid ; and the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer (hall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized aod required to examine every fuch Account; and in cafe they (hall approve thereof, to fignify fuch their Approbation in Writing at the Foot of fuch Account, figned by the faid Lord High Treafurer, or by the faid Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, and to tranGnit and return the fame fo approved to ,the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad; and every Account fo approved and figned as aforefaid (hall be a full and fufficicnt Difcharge of the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad, from or on account of all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be mentioned in any fuch* Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad (hall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any fuch Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwitnftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fdfcd or pofieffed of or interefted in any Ground, Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Prcmifes, which (hall be deemed neceffary to be purchafed by the Commiffioners appointed under this Ad, (hall refufe to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or (hall not agree in the Sum of Money offered to be given for thj fame, or (hall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Premifes they are in Pofieffion of, or the Intereft they claim therein, that then and in every fnch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, by Writing under their Hands, to require the Sheriff of the County of Angle/eaf who (hall thereupon and is hereby authorized and required to impannel, fummon and return a competent Number of fubiiantial and diiinterelled Perfons, qualified to ferve as Juries f, not lefs than Twenty four, nor more than Forty eight, and out of fuch Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men (hall be drawn by fome Perfon to be by the faid Commiffioners, or any fuch Three of them, appointed in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Courts at Wejhninjler% are by an Ad made in the Third Year of the Reign of Hts late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An A8 for the letter Regulation of Juries direded to be drawn; which Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid Commiffioners, or any fuch Three of themy at any fuch Time and Place as in fuch Summons

CemmifScnrn to account to Trot-fury.

In what cafe i’urcbafe Money fculed by Jut).

Number, f Sic.

0 G. a. c. 23.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

aj*

Proceedings of Commiffionm and Jury in af-certaining the Value ol Pre-miles.

VerJi&s bioding*

On T*ayment of Puic hafe Money, Couveyanccaadt •

In what cafe Money paid into the Bank, fuhje<fl 10 Oixltf of Court.

C.93. '	50® GEO. III. »

mons (hall be appointed, and all Parties concerned /hall and may hare their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array ; and the (aid Commifiioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, as Occafion (hall require, to call before them all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who (hall be thought proper and neceflary to be examined as a Witnefs or Witnefles on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premifes, and the faid Commifiioners, or any fuch Three of them, if they think lit, (hall and may like wife authorize the (aid Jury to view the Place or Places or Premifes in Queftion, in fuch manner as they (hall direft, and the faid Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Commifiioners, or any Three of them, are hereby empowered and required to adnainifter) (hall enquire of the Value of fuen Ground, Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refpe&ive Eftates and Interefts of all and every Perfons and Perfon feifed or pofiefted thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, And (hall afiefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties refpe&ively, for the Pur-chafe of fuch Ground, Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of fuch refpe&ive Eftates and Interefts therein ; and alfo for Good-will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatfoever that may affe& any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties, either as Leafeholder or Tenant at Will; and the faid Commif-fioners, or any Three of them, (hall and may give Judgment for fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be aflefled, which Verdi & or Verdi&s and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (hall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, againft all and every Perfons and Perfon claiming any Eftate, Right, Title, Truft, Ufe or Intereft, in, to or out of fuen Ground, Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premifes in Poffefiion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and lfiur unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Perfons under any legal Incapacity or Difability, as all other Crjluique Trulls, their, his and her Heirs, Succeflors, Executors and Adminiftrators, and againft all other Perfons whomfoever; and the faid V?rdi&s, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the faid Commifiioners and Juries fo to be made, given and pronounced as aforefaid, (hall be fairly written on Parchment, and figned by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the County of Anglefca.

IX. And be it further ena&ed, That, upon Payment of any Sum or Sums fo afiefled to the Party or Parties to whom the fame (hall be fo awarded, or on Tender thereof made at his, her or their Dwelling Houfe, or if he, (he or they (hall have no Dwelling Houfe, then at the Houfe of fome Tenant or Occupier of fome Lands or Tenements of fuch Party or Parties near the faid intended Works, he, (he or they (hall execute a Conveyance of the Premifes which (hall be fo purebafed to the faid Commifikmers, or any Three of them, for the Purpofes of this A&; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Prcipiles to the Satiafit&ion of

the

Digitized by Google

the (aid Commifiioners, or any Three of them, or fhall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, or any Three of them, to order the faid Sum and Sums afTefled and awarded for any Purchafe Money, or in Re-compence for any Damage a9 aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, [defcribing them']; fub-jeA to the Order, Coutroul and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which fetid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeAive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes, as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enaAed, That immediately after paying (uch Purchafe Money as aforefaid into the Bank, the faid Ground, Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in re-fpeA whereof the fame fhall have been fo paid, shall veft in His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for the Purpofes of this Aft, who fhall be deemed in Law to be in the a dual PofTefiion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, freed and difeharged from all former and other Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premi-fes, purchafed by virtue of this A A, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (ball, in cafe the fame fhall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commifiioners for executing this A A, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the DireAion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch

other

Premifes red in His Mujrily.

How Purchafe Money belong ing to (4)rjx'rations, &c. tube applied, if amounting to 3001.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8id

IS 2

How applied r Jefs than ‘JOOl and exceeding

Truflrei,

How appEcd i left than UO!.

X

C. 93.	50°	GEO.	III.

other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorize to be paid, afFe&ing the fame Ground, Buildings, Houles or Premifes, or affecting other Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premises, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money (hall not be £b applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inveiled under the like Dire&ion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Pur-chafe of other Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufea, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Ground, Buildings, Houfes and Premifes, which (hall be fo purchased as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, (hall be exiiling, undetermined and capable of taking Effe&; and in the mean time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the (aid Money (hall, by Order of the Cotirt of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inveiled by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pound per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, (hall, from time to time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe luch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be ppid for any Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes, purchafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difabi-lity or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes, fo purchafed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Conrc of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, ia order to be applied in manner hereiubefore dirc&ed, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truilces to be nominated by the Per-fon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Cemmiflioners for executing this Adi, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifmg thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would iat

the

Digitized by

A.b.i8io,

3

$o° GEO. m,

C.93.



the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes , fo purchafed, for the Pur-pofes of this Aft, in fuch manner as the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft or any Three or more of them (hall think fit 5 or in cafe of Infancy orLunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the IJfe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That where any Queflion (hall In what cafe Per-arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into tons in PoflVffioi* the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- deemed Owners. co u a tan t General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this

Aft, for the Purchafe of any Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Pre-xnifes, or of any E(late, Right or Intereft in any Ground, Buildings,

Houfes or Premifes, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in PofTeflion of fuch Ground, Buildings,

Houfes or Premifes, at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premifes, according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary (hall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereflof the faid Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fucb PofTeflion was a wrongful PofTeflion, and that fume other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Ground, Buildings,

Houfes or Premifes, or to forae Eftate or Intereft thereio.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where, by Court of C!uu-reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or cm to order Corporation entitled to any Ground, Buildings, Houfes or Premi- HxpenrwofPur-fes, to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe

Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court, tU)n to ^ ^

and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Ground, Buildings, Houfes by Comir.il*

or Premifes, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, fioners.

it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Pur-

chafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo

much of fuch Expences as the Court fhall deem reafonable, together

with the neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be

paid by the faid Commiflioners for executing the Purpofes of this

Aft out of fuch Purchafe Money, and fuch Commiflioners fhall from

time to time pay fuch Sums of Money thereout for fuch Purpofes as

the faid Court (hall direft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiflioners for the CommiflGoner. Execution of this Aft fhall, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of to make Annual March in every Year (oroftener if it fhall feem fitting and expedi- ReP°rt toTW-ent to the faid Commiflioners, or to the faid Lord High Treafurer, 'yu1'

or Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer) make a Report in Writing to the faid Lord High Treafurer of the Proyrefs made in repairing, altering, pulling down and rebuilding of any Houfes, Offices or Places, or in the laying out of any vacant Ground, or in the framing and executing of any Rules or Regulations under or by virtue of this Aft, together with fuch Ob-

fervations

*

• Digitized by L,ooQle

A.D.i8io.

254 C. 93> 94* 95-	5°°	GE0- nr*

fervations and Sugrgeftions for the better efTefting the Purpofes of this Aft, as the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad (hall from time to time think requifite and neceflary.

CAP. XCIV.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries. /	[15th	June 1810.3

CAP. XCV.

An Aft to enable the Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin to ereft, repair and maintain Light Houfes round the Coafts of Irelandand to raife a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.	[15th	June 1810.*]

*	\\ J HE REAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in 4 G. 1. (I.) c. 7* < YV the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King

*	George the Firft, for the Purpofe, among other Tilings, of vetting

*	in His Majefty, the feveral Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

*	wherever Light Houfes were or (hould be built, Powers were given

*	to certain Commiflioners to be appointed under the faid Aft with

*	refpeft to the building or repairing of Light Houfes in Ireland: 7 C.3-(I.) c. 6. * And whereas by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in

*	the Seventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to continue,

*	amend and make more effeftual the faid recited Aft, made in the

*	Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the

*	Firft, the Commiflioners for Barracks in Ireland were empowered

*	to carry into Execution the Powers of the faid firft recited Aft,

*	with refpeft to Light Houfes: And whereas by an Aft made in

*	the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent

afi O. 3. (I.)	4	Majefty’a Reign, intituled. An Ad to empower the Commiffioners of

c. 18.	*	His Majejly's Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant,

*	to ercQ Light Houfes around the Coatis of this Kingdom ; and to levy 4 a Tonnage Duty on all Shipping, certain Provifions were made for

4f> G.a. c. io6. 4 the Purpofes in the faid Aft mentioned : And whereas by an Aft 4 made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, inti-

*	tilled, An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads> 4 Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of

*	Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excije 4 and Taxes in Ireland, certain rowers were veiled in the faid Com-4 miflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, to enable them to pur-4 chafe Lands and Tenements for building Light Houfes: And 4 whereas certain Funds have been eftablilhed in Ireland, towards the 4 erefting, repairing and maintaining of the Light Houfes round the 4 Coafts thereof; and it is expedient, that the Management of the 4 faid Funds, and all Powers and Authorities relating to fuch Light 4 Houfes, (hould be veiled in the Corporation for preferving and 4 improving the Port of Dublin, and that the Charge of erefting, 4 repairing and maintaining fuch Light Houfes, (hould be further 4 borne and defrayed by the Payment of a Duty on all Entries 4 Inwards and Outwards, and Coaftward in the feveral Porta of 4 Ireland:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ert-afted; and be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-

poni,

Digitized by

Google

C. 95.	ass

Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A<&, Powers of recited all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by the faid herein-	pf	^

before recited A6b, or any of them, or by any A A or A&b for	l°

amending or continuing the fame, or any of them, or in and by any p„ties veiled la other Att or Ads in force in Ireland, veiled in or exercifed by the Corporate for faid Commiflioners of Barracks, or by the Commiflioners of Revenue, improving Port or by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, with refped of Dublin, to tb* ereding, building, rebuilding, repairing or maintaining of any Light Houfe or Light Houfes on or round the CoaA of Ireland, and the Receipt and Management of all Light Houfes, Dues, and other Duties and Funds now payable or appropriated in Ireland, for or in refped of the Eredion, Repair or Maintenance of Light Houfes,

Ihall be and the fame are hereby veiled in and given to the Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, and fhall be had, ufed and exercifed by the faid Corporation, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all fuch Powers and Authorities were herein fpecially repeated and re-enaded, fubjed to the Provifions and Regulations in this Ad contained.

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Corporation for pre- empowered to ferving and improving the Port of Dublin, from time to time, to repair Light repair and maintain all and any Light Houfes and Light Houfe, and Houfe*; and all and eveiy of the Beacons, Marks ami Signs for the Sea, (landing Vjeutcnar^. and being in any Place or Places on or round or near the Coall of an^jrifhTrea” Ireland; and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Coipo- fnTjt t0 ere& ration, by and with the Cotifent and Approbation of the Lord Lieu- new Light tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time Houfes. being, and by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, and the faid Corporation are hereby empowered with fuch Confent and Approbation, from time to time to build, erc&, repair, maintain or caufe or procure to be built, ere&ed, repaired and maintained, any new or other Light Houfe or Light Houfes, in any Place or Places on or round or near the Coails of Ireland; and alfo to alter the Light or Lights in any ex-illing Light Houfe or Light Houfes, and to make, ere& and fet up fuch and fo many new or other Beacons, Marks and Signs for the Sea, in fuch Place or Places of the Sea Shores, and Uplands near the Sea Coails of Ireland, or Forelands of the Sea, for Sea Marks, as to them fhall feem mod meet, needful and requifite, whereby the Dangers may be avoided and efcaped, and Ships the better come into their Ports without Peril; and all fuch Light Houfes, BeaOona and Sea Marks, to build, ered, repair and maintain at fuch Places, and in fuch manner, and of fuch Conftru&ions and Dimenfions as fhall appear to the faid Corporation to be expedient: Provided always, that previoujt whenever the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, fhall think it expedient to ereCt any new Light Light Houfes or Houfe, Beacon or Sea Mark, or to alter any exilling Light Houfe altering exiting or Light Houfes, or to eredl or fet up inltead thereof, any new or Lights, Corpora-©ther Light or Lights, Beacons or Sea Marks, on any of the faid uon}° com\ Coafls, the faid Corporation (hall make a Communication in Writing, Trini^Houfa of fuch their Intention, to the Mailer, Wardens and Affillants of jgngUnd. the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the moft Glorious and

Undivided

Digitized by

Google

2$6

A.D.181&

C-PS-

500 GEO. HI.

Trinity Houfe may within She Months fuggeft Improvement*, &c.

if Trinity Houfe make no Su«x-geftions within Six Months, the Plan communicated to them may he proceeded on, with Confent of Lord Lieutenant nod Treasury.

Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parifh of Deptfotd . Strond, in the County of Kent, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, commonly called, “ The Corporation of Trinity Houfe ipf Deptford Strond,** and in fuch Communication, the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin (hall ffate, or caufe to be ftatecl, to the (aid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, the propofed Place, Situation and Scite of every fuch Light Houfe, Beacon or Sea Mark, with the Reafons Grounds and Motives for the Seledion thereof, and the Nature and Kind of the Light or Lights propofed or intended to be ufed and exhibited therein, with the intended Conftru&ion thereof, and alfo the Situation of any Beacon or other Sea Mark, which the faid .Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin lhall deem requifite to be ere&ed or fet up, together with all fuch other Particulars, as . ftiall or may be necerfary to enable the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe to judge and determine thereon; and lhall alfo, upon the Re-quifition of tne faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe, furnilh and give to them all fuch further and other Information touching the fame, or in relation thereto, as well in Writiug as otherwife, as the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe (hall or may require 5 and upon any fuch Communication, or in cafe the faid Corporation of Trinity Houle (hall at any other time, or on any Occafion, think it requifite and proper fo to do, as hereinafter mentioned, it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe, within Six Calendar Months after the Receipt of fuch Communication, or at fuch other times as they (hall think fit, to fuggeft to the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, any Alterations, Improvements or Amendments, either in relation to the Scite and Situation of any fuch Light Houfe, Beacon or Sea Mark, or of the Plan or Conftru&ion thereof, or the Light or Lights fet up and ufed, or to he fet up, ufed and exhibited therein, for the Purpofe of rendering and making the fame of the fulleft and utmoft practicable Ufe and Benefit to Navigation ; and in order that the fame may thereby be and become perfe&iy and completely dillinguilhable from any of the Light Houles on any Part of the Coafts of England, Wales or Scotland; and moreover to make and give all or any fuch other Sug-geftions rcfpe&ing any fuch Light Houfe, Beacon or Sea Mark, as to the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe (hall feem fitting and necef-fary, and the fame, if approved by the faid Commifiioners for improving the Port of Dublin, (fubjed neverthelefs to the Powers herein given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, and to the Lord High Treafurer and Commifiioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland in that behalf,) be binding and conclufive, and (hall in all Refpe&s, fubjeCt as aforefaid, be conformed to and carried into Execution : Provided always, that if the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe lhall not, within fuch Six Calendar Months after any fuch Communication, to be made to them as aforefaid, make or propofe any fuch Suggeftions as aforefaid, to the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, then, and in fuch Cafe, the fame (hall be conlidered and taken to be approved of or acquiefced in by the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe; and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, by and with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, to proceed in the ered-

1	ing

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSta

2J7

50* GEO. Ill#

fag and building of any fuch new Light Houfe or Light Houfes,

Beacons or Sea Marks, or in the altering any exifting Light, as the*

Cafe may be, according to fuch Plan and Communication as (hall have been made to the laid Corporation of Trinity Hotlfe as aforefaid:

Provided alfo# that frbm time to time and at all Times at)d on all Oc-caGoos, whenever the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe fhall deem or think it requifite to make and communicate any Suggeftion or Representation whatever to the faid Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin, on the Subjeft of or in relation to any nfew Light Houfe or Light Houfes, Beacons or Sea Marks, or on the Subjeft of or in relation to any of the exiting Light Houfes, Beacons or Marks for the Sea on or near the CoafU of Ireland, or towards the Improvement thereof, or for rendering the fame more effectual for tho Safety of His Majefty's Ships, or »f thofe engaged in Commence, or in His Majefty’s Service, or (hall traufmit any Complaint which ihall or may at any time be made to the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe, in relation to the Infufliciency or Defeftivenefs of any of the faid Lights, Beacons or Marks for the Sea, then ^he faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin (hall, without Delay, tranfmit a Copy of every fuch Suggeftion, Communication, Reprefentation or Complaint to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or his or their Chief Secretary* and alfo to the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland; and that it (hall and may he lawful for the faid Lord Lieutenant or SusrgeHions of trtHer Chief Governor or Governors, and alfo to and for the faid Lord Trinity Houfe High Treafurer or Commiflioncrs for executing the faid Office, or ** lit referred ta any Three of them* to make and give fuch Orders and Directions to ^ eawnwrt, the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, with refpeft to any fuch Suggeflions, Communications and Repre-fentations of Complaints, and in relation to the Matters and Things therein contained or referred to, as to the Lord Lieutenant or othef*

Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Lord High Treafnret or Commiffioncrs aforefaid, or any Three of them, fhatl feem fitting and expedient; and the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin fhall in all Things conform to and obey all fuen Orders and Direction as la ft mentioned, and fhall proceed and aft therein accordingly.

III. And, in order to defray the Expence of making the necef- Former Light fery Purchafrs, and of building, erefting, repairing, fitting up, com-pleting and keeping in Repair the fcveral Light Houfes, Beacons and *ora J°n.

Sea Marks to he erected, built or repaired under or by virtue of this Y

Aft, and of the Lights therein, Be it further enafted, That from

and after the palling of this Aft there fhall be payable and paid to

the Ufc of the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port

of Dublin fbr the Purpof.sof this Aft, from the Owners or Mailers

of all Veffels entering, coming into, or going out of, or entering into

or ufing any Port or Ports in Inland, all and every fubh Light

Houfe Dues and other Rates and Duties for and in refpeft of Light

Houfes as are now payable by the Owners or Mafters of fuch Veflels

at any Port or Place in Ireland, in fuch manner and to fuch Amount

only as fhall have been paid and levied at any fuch Port or Place re-

fpeftively, at any time within Seven Years next preceding the paffing

of this Aft; and that from and after the paffing ot this A6t, there fhall And addition*!

jo Geo. Ill,

alfo Dalles.

A

Digitized by v^ooQle

Dime* colle&ed by Ofljcers of Cuftoms.

Prorifo for Ship* of War and

Fifhing Veflel*.

Powers of Aft

26 G. 3. (I.) c. 19. applied to this Aft

alfo be payable and paid to the Ufe of the faid Corporation for pre-ferving and improving the Port of Dublin for the Purpofes of this Aft, over and above all other Rates and Duties now payable or paid as aforefaid, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to fay) upon every Entry Inwards and on every Entry Outwards made in any Port in Ireland, and on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant, for (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, inwards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland, to any other Port therein, over and above all other Duties on every fuch Entry, Cockct or Warrant the Sum of Six pence Britijh Currency ; all which faid Duties (hall and may be levied, coilefted and received by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, in like manner and with like Authority, and with like Remedy for Recovery of the fame, as are by Law given to the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties and their Officers, for the collecting, levying and recovering of any Duty of Cuftoms, or any Duties or Entries, Inwards or Outwards, in any Port of Ireland; aud the faid Duties (hall, from time to time, be paid over by Order of the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties to the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, or to fuch Perfon for their Ufe as the faid Corporation (hall direft, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, (hall order and direft; and the faid Duties, when fo paid over to the faid Corporation, (hall by them be applied to the Purpofes of this A61.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall not extend to charge with the faid Rate or Duty any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, nor any Ship or VefTel whatever, being the Property of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, or of the Royal Family ; nor any Fiftiing Veffels, Smacks or Boats; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with Handing.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all the Powers and Provifions contained in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty ftxth Year of Hisprefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An Aft for pro-mo ting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, whereby the faid Corporation for preferving and impro ving the Port of Dublin is empowered ot authorized to purchafe and acquire any Land, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purpofes of the faid laft recited Aft, and whereby the faid Corporation is required to account before the Commiffioners of Impreft Accounts for the Difpofition of the Funds under their Management by virtue of the faid recited Aft; and all and every Aft and Afts for amending the faid recited Aft of the Twenty fixth Year aforefaid, in refpeft to the Matters and Things aforefaid, (hall be applied in the Execut ion of this Aft, fo far as the fame are applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame were repeated aud re-enafted in this Aft.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft to amend an Aft patted in this Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An A FI for increaftng the Rates of Subftflence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[20th June 1810.]

*	11 THERE AS an Aft pafled in the prefent Seflion of Parliament* ‘ W intituled. An A3 for increaftng the Rates of Subfijlence to be

*	paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers .* And whereas 4 the Rules prelcribed for furnifhing Soldiers with Diet and Small 4 Beer are in many Inftances become from the high Price of Provi-4 (ions inadequate, and are produftive of Diftrefs to fuch Innholders

*	and others; and it is therefore expedient that further Provifions 4 fhould be made for regulating the Quantities of Diet and SmiU 4 Beer to be furnifhed to the Soldiers, and the Sums to be allowed for

*	the fame:* May it therefore pleafe YourMajefty, that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s Moll Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June, One thoufand eight hundred and ten, every Non-com-miffioned Officer and Private Soldier, who fhall be furnifhed with Diet and Small Beer within the Parts of the United Kingdom mentioned in the faid recited Aft, by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non-commiffianed Officers or Private Soldiers fhall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the faid Aft, fhall pay and allow for the fame, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem, inftead of One Shilling and Four pence per Diem as is in the faid recited Aft fpeci-fied ; and that fot fuch Allowance of Eight pence, the Innkeeper or other Perfon fhall furnifh One Meal, videlicet; a hot Dinner if required in each Day to each Non-commiffioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to confiftof fuch Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as fhall be fpeci-fied and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majefty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pouud and a Quarter of Meat previous to being drefled, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked* and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper.

II. And be it further enafted, That the Provifions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things in the faid Aft, and of another Aft pafled in the prefent Seflion of Parliament, forpunifh-ing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, fhall be applied for the enforcing fuch Regulations as to the Diet of Soldiers and the Payment of and accounting for the Allowances for the fame, a$ if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft, and the faid Firft recited Aft and this Aft fhall be coriftrued as One Aft.

S »	C	A	5,

Digitized by

Google

so G. 3. c. at.

Inftead of the Allowance of is. 4d. under recited A&, 8d. per Diem ihall l>e paid to Innkeepers for providing s Dinner.

Powers of recited A (ft, and Mutiny A<ft,c. 7. extended to this A&.

AJ).i8i*»

*60	C97.	jo*	GEa	lit

CAP. XCVII.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thou* fand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend feve,ral A<2* fof granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to Hia Majefty until the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks oti the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland.	[20th June	1810.3

€5 G. 3. c. 13.

46 G. 3. t, 6ft.

47 G. 3. S*ff. |.

•• 31.

47 G. 3 Scff.ft.

«. 16.

47 G. 3. Seff. 3.

«. 18.

46	G. 3. #. lft.

120.

47	G. 3.8*0;*!.

«• w

4b G. 9. C. 80.

69 G 3.c.74.

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Aft was made irt the Forty fifth Year of Hit prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled, An AS for granting unto His Majefty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goode, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawback 1 and Bounties : And whereas an Aft was made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled. An A3 for granting unto His Majefty until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and firs, certain Duties ou the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Irony Sugar and Tea* into dnd from Ireland : And whereas an A61 was made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to repeal Part of the Duties on the Importation of unmanufeftured Tobacco in Ireland: And whereas another A61 was made in the Forty feveiith Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to grant to His Ma» fifty until the Fifth Day of July, One thoufand eight hundred send eighty certain Duties on the Importation and to allow certain Draw backs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares end Merchandize, into and from Ireland: And whereas another Aft was made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Mnjefty's Reign, to provide for the Decreafe and Sufpenfion, in certain Cafes, of Part of the Countervailing Duty on BeitUh Refined Sugar imported into Ire-land: And whereas fuch of the laid recited A61s as were tempo* rary have been from time to time continued bv feveral Afts palled in the Forty fixth and Forty feventh Years of His prefent M^efty’s Reign, and by aa Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign the faid recited Afts were amended and continued, and by an Aft made in the laft Seffion of ParKasmnt the faid recited Afts were further continued, and are in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and it is expedient that all the faid recked Afts, and alfo the feveral Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, (hould be further continued ia manner hereinafter mentioned.' May it therefore pleafe Yonr Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, inthisprefent Parliament aflembled, and by ibe Authority of the feme, Th*t the Rates



Digitized by ^.ooQle

A*D.i8i6i	50* GEO. Hi.	C. 97.

and Duties granted, tnd the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the (aid recited A As or any ©f them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, /hall refpeAively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the (kid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, except fuch Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the Brittjb Plantations, and on retired Sugar under the faid recited AAs or any of them, as are provided for by an AA made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefcnt Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 h provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing Bnti/h Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland ^ until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and whioh (aid laft recited A A is by an A A parted in this prefect Sertkm of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and amended, and that the faid recited AAs, except as aforefaid, and fo far as they are not altered or repealed by each other, or by this AA, or by any other AA, and all the Powers and Provilions, Articles, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid recited AAs, or any ©f them, (hall be obferved and complied with during the Time hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the faid Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the Powers, Provilions Articles, Claufes, Matters and Things had been by the faid recited AAs, or ahy of them, extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted bad made Part of the faid recked AAs, or any of them, and that the feveral Articles in refpeA whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or impofed or cofttiw mied, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the (aid recited or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall refpeAively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and (hall be entitled t© the Draw* backs and Bounties (except as aforefaid) allowed in refpeA thereof under the Regulations and Provifions of the faid recited AAs re-fjpeAively, upon,, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thou* (and tight hundred and ten, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ekvep, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this AA.

II.	And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament a (Tumbled, towards railing the neceflary Supplies granted to Your Majefty, and for the Support of Your Majefty’s Government, have refolved to grant fo Your Majefty feveral new and other Duties upon certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland, and do mod humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be k therefore enaAed, That from and after the pafling of this i\A, and during the Continuance of this A A, there fhall be raifed, levied, colie Aed and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided) without any Difcouot whatever, upon the Importation of the feveral Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the Schedules hereto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) imported into Ireland, the feveral Duties inferted, deferibed and (et forth m Figures in the faid Schedules; and there (hall alio be paid and allowed the feveral Drawbacks in refpeA

S3	of

*61

Duties and Drawbacks of recited AAs continued till July 5, 181], except Drawbacks and Bounties om Sugar, &c. provided for by 47 O. 3. Seflf. l. c. 19. &c, lalt continued by

50 G. d. 1.1^.

Duties and Drawbacks in Schedules (A.) and (B.) grants^ and *Uovred,

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io

262	C.97.	jq°	CEO.	JII.

of the faid Duties, as the fame are alfo refpeftively inserted, defertbed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Schedules, and that the faid Duties in the faid Schedule (A.) fpecitied fliall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of ail Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of-the like Sorts under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the pafling of this Aft, and that*che faid Duties in the faid Schedule (B.) ipecified (hall be in addition to all D.uties on Wines imported into Ireland under or by virtue of any Act or Afts in force at the time of the pafling of thi*

a a.

Duties i*yable

on Goods not enten I, 8ce.

«nd 1H0 on Goods \rare-houfrd purfusnt to any Aft.

Wliat Wines imported belore th< p itTiiu; of this Aft charged with additional Duty.

Additional Ex-

eifo Duties on w incb in Stock.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the fcveral and refpeflivc Duties by this Aft granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and let forth in the Schedules to this Aft annexed, fhall be charged and payable on ail fuclt Goods, Wares and Merchandize, a* fliall not have been entered on or before the pafling of this Aft, or on which the Duties due and payable, on the Importation thereof (hall not have been paid, notwithftanding fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the pafling of this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Duties mentioned and fet forth in the faid Schedules (hall be charged and payable on all fuch of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned as, having been imported into Ireland, fliall have been or (hall be warehoufed, and (hall remain at the time of the pafling of this Act in Warehoufes, in purfuance or by Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force for that Purpofe, although fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize may h^ve been imported before the pafling of this Aft: Provided always, that fuch Duties fliall not be charged or payable on any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the Duties which fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize fliall have been fubjeft to before the pafling of this Aft fliall be payable.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Wines which at apy time before the Twenty eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and ten (hall have been imported, the Duties payable upon the Import of which fliall not have been duly paid and difeharged, fhall be confldered as Wines remaining in His Majefly’s Stores or Warehoufes at the pafling of this Aft, and fhall be charged accordingly, and the Proprietor thereof (hall be fubjeft to the additional Duties on the Importation thereof mentioned, contained and fet forth in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed marked (B.) over aud above all former Duties payable on the fame.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That there fhall be raifed, levied, collc&ed and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majeily, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for and upon all Wines which on or at any time after the Twenty eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and ten fhall have been or fhall he in the Stores or Warehoufes, or in the Cuf* tody, Power or Poflefiion of any Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which fhall have paid the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at the pafling of this Aft, the refpeftive additional Duties of Excifc following, that is to fay ; For and upon each and every Tun of French Wine, Rhenijh Wine, and Wines of Germany and Hungary^ the Sum of Eighteen Pounds and Eighteen

Shillings |

Digitized by (^.ooQle

AJXi&to.

363

50* GEO. III.	C.	97.

Shillings ; and for and upon each and eveiy Tun of any other Sort of Wines not otherwile enumerated, the Sum of Twelve Pounds and Twelve Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of fuch Wines refpeCtively,

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties paid lu backs io this Ad mentioned, and alfo the Duties and Drawbacks Ikmft Ctirrrncy, in the refpeCtive Schedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned ConfouXted ° and contained, (hall be paid and payable, and received and receivable Fuad.

in Hritifb Currency; and that all the faid Duties (hall be carried io and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland; and that-all the faid Duties, and all Drawbacks in the faid Schedules fpecified, mentioned and contained, (hall be paid and received upon the feveral Articles and Things in this AC1 and the refpeCtive Schedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale,

Weight, /Gauge, Meafure or Value of the faid Articles refpeCtively fpecified, and alfo in proportion upon any greater or lefs Number,

Weight, Quantity, Meafure or Value of fuch Articles, Matters and Things refpe£hvely. 1

VIII.	And be it farther enaCted, That the feveral Rates and Du- Duties ami ties and Drawbacks hereby mentioned and granted and allowed, fhali Drawl ks under be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and l*eguUuun ut SuccefTors, iu the fame manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, afid by fuch ways and methods, and under fuch Rules and Directions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed,

directed and exprefied for the raifing, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wafres and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an ACt of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth 14 & 15 Car. 2. Years of His late Majefty Xing Charles the Second, intituled, An A3 c- 8> &e-for fettling the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majejlyy his Heirs and Succcjfors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted, or in and by any other ACt or A&s in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftom8 and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein exprefled and enaCted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for Appea’ the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid ACt parted in the Fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other ACt or ACts as aforefaid is provided.

IX.	Provided al.ways, and be it enaCted, That in all Cafes where Additional the whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any Goods, Dutie* fecured Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be fecured by by

Bond or otherwife, by virtue of any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of fuch Importation, the Duties by this ACt and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted or impofed, may in like manner and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftric-tions and Conditions, be permitted to be fecured by Bond or other-wife.

X.	And, for afeertaining the Stock of all Foreign Wines belonging to all Merchants, Importers of, FaCtors and Dealers in, or Sellers or Retailers of Foreign Wines on or at any time after the Twenty eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and for (tearing the additional Duties by this ACt impofed thereon,' Be it

S 4	further

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSis.

Importers, &c. to delirer an Account of Stock to Collector of Excite pi tbe jMrift.

penalty*

Officers of Ex-cife may entef Premifes of Wine Dealers, and take Account of Stock.

farther enafted, That ererj fuch Importer of, Dealer in. Seller or

Retailer of Foreign Wine* in Ireland, who (hall refpeftively have any fuch Wines in his, her or their PofRflion, in any Warehoufe, Store Room. Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, or in the Cuflody or Pofleflion of any other Perfon for his, her or their Ufe, (hall within Three Days after the Fifth Day of *7///yOne thoufand eight hundred and ten deliver at the Office of the Colleftor of Excife of the Dtftri& in which fuch'Wine (hall have been on the faid Twenty eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or any other Day b«N tween that Day andthe faid Fifth Day of July inclufive, a juft, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wine which on the faid Twenty eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or on any Day between that Day and the faid Fifth Day of July Qne thoufand eight hundred and ten inclufive, fhall have fo been in the Cuflodv or Pofleflion of fuch Dealer in. Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, in every fuch Warehoufe or other Place, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Pe:foo for his or her Ufe, describing the Places in which the fame (hall bo, and the Situation thereof, and diftinguiftiing fuch Foreign Wines from eaeh Other, according to the true Denomination thereof, a* the fame ard hereinbefore deferibed, and alfo diftinguiftiing whether fuch Wines are Red or White; and all W ines in Bottles (hall be accounted for accord* ing to the Number of Bottles, without exprefling the Number of Gallons of Wine contained in fuch Bottles, hut ell inflating the Number of fuch Gallons in the whole, by a fair Calculation made on the actual Content of any given Number of fuch Bottles, indifferently chofen ; and every fuch Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, (hall make Oath, or if a Quaker a folemn ^Affirmation, before the Colleftorof Excife of the Dittrift, that fuch Account is a juft, true ai d perfeft Account of all fuch Wines as aforefaid, which Oath or Affirmation fuch Colleftor is hereby authorized tp adminifter; and every fuch Importer, Deakr, Seller, Retailer, or other Perfon, who (hall negleft to deliver, or caufe to be deli vend fuch Account, within the time aforefaid, and to make fuch Oath or Affirmation, or who (hall deliver, or caufe to he delivered, any falfe or untrue Account, (hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pound*, and all.fuch Foreign Wines of which fuch Account (hall f 101 be ck* livered, or of which any falfe or untrue Account (hall be delivered, (hall alfo be forfeited, together with the £afks, Bottle*, Jars, Vef* fels, Hogftieads and Packages containing the fame refpeftively, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majeft)** Revenue in Ireland.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That for the Purpofes of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers cf Excife, from time to time, to enter into aH or any of the Wafehoufes, Store* houfvft, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Place* of any fuch Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller of Foreign Wine whether by Wholefah? or Retail, and into any Plact where any Wine belong* ing to any Importer of, Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of Wine (hall be, add by tailing, gauging or otherwife, to take an Accouot pf the Quantity and Quality of all Wine then and there found in the Cuflody of or belonging to any fuch Importer, Dealer, Seiler or Retailer, in any Calk, or in any Veffel, except Bottles, and aHo to take an Account of all fuch Wine as (hall be then and there found i*

3ot\kh

Digitized by i^.ooQle

A.'D.iSia,

50° GEO. III.

C. 97.

Bottles, in any other manner than by tailing the fame, or by uncork* ing or opening the Bottles containing fuch Wine, unlefs with the Coo Tent of the Proprietor, for the Purpose of afcertaining the Number of Gallons therein in manner afore mentioned; and in cafe of Refufal of fuch Confent, each Bottle (hall be deemed to contain the Quantity which its common Denomination of Pint, Quart, Two Quart8, and fo forth, imports; and if any Officer or Officers of ObftruAuqf Excife (hall not, on Demand made by him or them at any fuch Officer*, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, be admitted therein, or (hall not be fuffered to take an Account of all Wines in manner aforefaid, or if fuch Importer, Dealer, Seller,

Retailer or Perfon having the Cuflody or Pofleffion of fuch Wines,

(hall negled or refufe to (hew, or caufe to be (hewn to fuch Officer all the Wines in every fuch Warehoufe or other Place refpedively, fuch Perfon refpedively, into or at whofe Warehoufe or other Place fuch Officer (hall not be admitted, or (hall not be fuffered to take fuch Accounts refpedively, and every fuch Perfon who (hall refufe or neglect to (hew, or caufe to be (hewn to fuch Officer all fuch Wines as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch Offence or Default refpec- Penalty, lively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in cate of any Difpute be- IncafoofDif-tween the Officer of Excife and any fuch Importer of, or Dealer in putes, Office or Seller of Foreign Wine, as to the Nature or Species of any may take particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Manufacture, it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife, in°* * and every fuch Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take,

at any time or .times, a Sample or Samples, not exceeding Out

Quart of any fuch Foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Caflfs,

or in any other Veflel or Veflfels, paying for the Wine the ufual

Price thereof 5 and if fuch Officer or Officers (hall not be permitted

to take fuch Sample or Samples as aforefaid, upon his offering to

pay for the fame, after the Rate aforefaid, or (hall in any wife be Obftru&ing,

obftru&ed or hindered by any Perfon or Perfoiw whatever in taking

fuch Sample or Samples, the Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or

Retailer of fuch Wine, or other Perfon in whofe Cuftody fuch Wine

(ball be, (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every fuch Offi- Officers taking cer and Officers of Excife who (hall take fuch Account of fuch an Account of Wines, (hail make a Return err Report of the fume to the Collector Winest0

of Excife of the Dittrid, and (hall infert in fuch Return or Report the Amount of Duties hereby charged and payable thereon, and the Sums charged in fuch Return or Report (hail be a Charge on fuch Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall pay the faid Duty accordingly, in cafe fuch Return or Report (hall contain a greater Quantity of Wines than ffiaU be comprised in the refpedive Accounts h?rtiu befpre direded to be returned by the Parties refpedively to whom fuch Wine dial) belong, otherwife the Account given by fuch Importer or other Perfon (had be and become a Charge on fuch Importer or other Perfon of fuch Duty on the Quantity of Wine contained in fuch Account, and fuch Importer or other Perfon (hall pay the faid Doty accordingly ; and where no fuch Account ffiall have been returned by Duties *harjr<3 fuch Importer or other Perfon, the Return made by the Officer undej accordingly.

..................this

Digitized by

Google

Bond for Pay ni^nt of Duty on \\ .ue in Stock.

No Penrpit till Par ies paid.

Pifcount for prorr^t Payment.

Dealers may chaise additional Dutv to Buyer before Delivery.

Torn inuance of

Act.

Aft may be

altered, &c«

X

€.97.	jo*	GEO. III.	A.D.1810^

this Aft (hall be a conclufive Charge on fuch Importer or other Perfon.

XIV.	And be it further eRafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Importer, Dealer, or other Perfon chargeable with the faid additional Duties on Wines in refpeft of fuch Wines in hrs or her Stock or Pofleflion, to give Security by Bond to His Majefty, with Two fufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Diftritt in which fuch Importer or other Perfon refides, which Bond fuch Colleftor is hereby authorized to take for His Majefty'* Ufc, in a Penalty of not iefs than Double the Amount of the laid additional Duties, conditioned that fuch Importer, Dealer or other Perfon (hall pay the Amount of the faid additional Duty on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hun-. dred and eleven, by Six equal Inftalments, the Firft of fuch Inftal-ments to be paid on the Twenty ninth Day of September One tliou-fanJ eight hundred and ten, the Four fucceeding Inftalments on the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next enfuing, and the Sixth and laft Inftalment on *or before the faid Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and eleven.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That if the Merchant, Importer of, Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of any fuch Wines (hall have fold or (hall fell the fame, or any Part thereof, and (hall be defirous of re-, moving the fame out of his Stock before Payment of the refpeftive additional Duties by this Aft impofed, no Permit (hall be granted for the Removal thereof, unlefs the faid additional Duties, and all Duties of Cuftoms and Excife due on fuch Wine to be fo removed, fhall have been previoufiv paid.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Importer, Dealer or other Perfon who fhall be charged with or be liable to the additional Duties on Wine under this Aft, (hall pay the fame or any Part thereof, before the Expiration of the refpeftive Times when the fame are by this Aft required to be paid as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fhall be allowed as a Difcount for prompt Payment a Sum out of fuch Duties, as fuch Importer, Dealer or other Perfon (hall fo pay, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum for fuch time as any Sum (hall be paid before the time when the fame is by this Aft required to be paid.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That if any Importer, Dealer or other Perfon who fhall be charged with the additional Duties by this Aft impofed upon any Wine in his or her Pofleflion fhall have fold or contracted to fell any fuch Wine to any Perfon or Pcrfons, and (hall not have delivered the fame to the Buyer thereof, then, and in every fuch cafe, the Buyer of the faid Wine (hall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of fuch Wine without firft paying the additional Duty which fuch Seller (hall have been charged with pr paid for fuch Wine under the PrOvifions of this Aft.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended of repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefect Seflion of Parliament.

v*

Digitized by

Google

The SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

^ SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wa;*e$ and Merchandize therein enumerated and defcribed (not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

SCUEDULE INWARDS.	Duties.			Draw baci s. 1		
Almonds, the cwt. viz.	£.		d.	£	JV	
	 Bitter -	1	6	8	O	13	4
	4	0	0	2	0	0
— -■ In the Shell -		10	0	O	*5	0
	 Of any other Sort	2	0	0	I	a	0
Cider, the Tun of 252 Gallons	26	4	8	*3	2	4
Cloves, the lb. viz.						
—	the Produce of, and imported from any Britifh						
Colony or Plantation in America	0	2	0		—	
- 	imported under Licence t	0	4	8	0	2	4
Cocoa Nuts, the lb. -	0	2	2	0	1	1
Cork§, ready made, the lb.	0	3	0		—••	
Currants, the cwt. viz.						
imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	1	17	4	0	18	8
	in Foreign Shipping	2	0	0	0	18	8
Figs, the cwt. viz.						
	 imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom *	0	j 8	0	0	9	0
	- in Foreign Shipping	9	1?	4	0	?	0
Ginger, viz.						
— of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in the						
Weft Indies, Africa or America, the cwt.	0	19	4	0	9	8
- not of the Produce of the liritifh Colonies or						
Plantations, the cwt. ...	2	4	8	1	2	4
	0	2	8		—	
Lemons, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,						
the 1,000 ...	0	16	4	0	8	2.
	—■— imported in Foreign Shipping	0	17	4	0	8	2
■	pickled, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -	2	17	9	1	8	0
Liquorice Ball or Juice, the lb.	0	6	8	0	3	4
Nutmegs, candied, the lb.	0	6	8	0	3	4 j
•	the Produce of, and imported from any Britifh						
Colony or Plantation in America, the Lb.	0	3	0		—	- 1
•	imported under Licence, the lb.	0	4	8	0	2	4 ;
Oil, viz.						
-— of Almonds, the lb. - - 1	0	0	8	0	0	4 i
— of Amber, the lb.	0	4	8	0	2	4 |
rr“ of Annileed, the lb.	0	3	4	0	1	8
— of Carraway Seeds, the lb.	0	2	0	0	1	0
— of Caftor, the lb.	0	1	0	0	0	6
of Cinnamon, the oz. ••	f 0	4	0	0	*	0 1

Oil,

§



Digitized by Google

SCHEDULE INWARDS.

Oil, continued% viz.

.---of Cloves, the ct.

•---of Hempfeed, the Tun of 252 Gallons

— of Jeflamine, the lb.

.--- of Juniper, the lb.

•— of Linfeed, the Tun of 252 Gallons .— of Mace, the oz.

«---of Marjoram, the lb.

—~ of Nutmeg9, the oz,

«--- of Oranges, the lb.

Ordinary Oii of Olives, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Tun, containing zyz Gallons

------in Foreign Ship-

ping, the Tun of 252 aim

Duties.

Gallons

Palm Oil, the cwt.

—	of Rapcfeed, the Tun of 252 Gallons

*— of Rofemary, the lb.	-	-

r—•- Sallad Oil, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon	-

----------imported	in	Foreign	Shipping,	the	Gallon

•— of SalTafras, the lb.

~ Seed Oil, not other wife enumerated or described, the Tun of 252 Gallons	-	-

.— of Thyme, the lb.	-

of Turpentine, the lb.

---- of Vitriol, tfye lb.	-	-

—	of Walnuts, the Gallon

.— all other Oils, being Chemical Oils, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the lb.

----Oil or Blubber from Fifh, the Tun of 252 Gals. viz.

—	- Blubber of Newfoundland, of the fifhing of the

United Kingdom, br of Newfoundland fifhing

----Oil of Newfoundland, the Tun of 252 Gallons -

----Fifh Oil, or Train Oil, of the fifhing of the United

Kingdom, the Tun of 252 Gallons

--------- ' ■	  of	Foreign Fifhing

---- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of fifhing of the

United Kingdom, the Tun of 252 Gallons

--------- ■■ ■	 —	-- of Foreign Fifhing

Oranges, viz.

•-------  imported	in	Shipping	of	the	United Kingdom, the 1,000	-	-

—------in Foreign Shipping, the i,oco

Pepper, the lb. viz.

------ Black or White, of the Eafl Indies

—	— Cayenne Pepper -

—	— Guinea Pepper -

—■ — Long Pepper	-

Drawbacks.

J*.	j.	J.	£.	I.	d.
0	1	4	0	0	6
2*	7	6		—	
O	3	4	0	t	8
0	1	0	0	0	6
2 6	7	6		—	
0	1	8	0	0	10
0	2	4	0	I	2
0	1	8	0	0	10
P	3	0	0	I	6
12	8	0	6	4	0
*3	3	9	6	4	0
0	5	4	0	2	8
26	7	6		—	
0	1	8	0	0	!0
0	3	9	0	2	O
0	4	4	0	2	O
0	2	0	0	1	0
26	7	6		-	
0	2	4	0	1	2
0	0	6		—	
0	0	4		—	
0	3	2	0	1	7
0	3	0	0	1	6
0	*3	2		. ,	
0	*9	9		—	
0	6	*7		...	
26	7	6		—	
0	6	7		—	
26	7	6		—	
0	16	4	0	8	2
0	!7	4	0	8	2
0	1	8		—	
0	4	0	. 0	2	0
0	1	4	0	0	8
0	0	8	0	0	4

Pimento,

Digitized by

Google

SCHEDULE INWARDS.

Pimento, the lb. viz.

---------of the Britilh Plantation!

---------not of the Britilh Plantations

Raifins, the cwt. viz.

■	■■	Belvidere Railing, imported in Shipping of the

United Kingdom

------------—-------------in	Foreign	Shipping

■ ■	—	Denia Raifins, imported in Shipping of the

United Kingdom

• in Foreign Shipping

I'aro Raifins, imported in Shipping ol the United Kingdom -	-

--------------------  —	in	Foreign Shipping -

Lrxia Raifins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	-	-

•---------------------rin	Foreign Shipping

Lipari Raifins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

—---------—--------------in	Foreign Shipping

Smyrna Raifins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

-----------------------   in	Foreign	Shipping

of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the Ui.ited

Kingdom

— in Foreign Shipping

■	■— not otherwise enumerated or defcribed,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

------in Foreign Shipping

Rice,	the cwt.	...

Rofin,.	or Colophonia,	the cwt. viz.

—-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

--------in	Foreign	Shipping

...... the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantation* belonging	to the Crown	of the	United

Kingdom	-	-

f ilk, Organaine Thrown Silk, undyed; the lb. of 16 oz. — Thrown, not organzioed, dyed, the lb. of 16 oz.

----- ---------------uodyed. the lb. of 16 oz.

Tea* imported from Great Britain, for every icol. of trie Value thereof Turpentine, viz.

.----------Common, the cwt.

-----■----of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the lb.

—--------- of	Germany,	or	any	other Place, not other-

wife enumerated or deforibed, the twt. Vinegar or Vei^uice, the Tun of 352 Gallon*

Wax, Pee* Wax unmanufa&ured, the cwl White or manufactured, the cwt.

—• Hard Wax, the lb. -

Sealing Wax, for every tool, of the Value

Duties.			Drawbacks.		
£.	/.	d.	£.	/•	d.
0	0	8	O	O	4
O	1	0	0	O	6
0	18	0	O	9	0
0	*9	0	O	9	0
0	16	4	O	8	2
G	17	4	O	8	2
O	18	0	O	9	0
O	'9	0	O	9	0
O	18	8	O	9	4
O	19	S	O	9	4
O	18	0	O	9	0
O	*9	0	O	9	0
I	1	0	O	10	6
I	2	0	O	10	<S
I	»5	8	O	17	10
1	16	8	O	>7	10
O	16	4	O	8	2
O	17	4	O	8	2
O	6	4	O	3	2
O	4	0				
O	4	8		—	
O	2	8			
O	3	8	O	2	it
O	9	1	O	8	4
0	6	4	O	5	7
93	0	0	89	10	0
0	3	8	O	1	10
0	0	8	O	6	4
i	2	0	O	It	0
	'I	4		—	
2	10	0	I	8	0
i	4	0	2	12	0
0	2	0	0	1	0
5©	0	0		—	

Digitized by

A.D.i8i&

C. 97198,99. jo° GEO. lit.

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Additional Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or deferib'd (not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britairt) and df the Drawbacks to be allowed on'the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

	Duucs.	Drawbacks.
W e, the Tun of 252 Gallons, viz.  		French, Rliemfh, Germany and Hungary Wines  		not otherwise enumerated or deferibed	£. t. d. 18 j 8 0 12 12 0	£. S. d. l8 l8 O 12 12 O

CAP. XCVIlt.

An A£t for railing the Sum of Two hundred and fixteen thousand Pounds by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

[20th June 1810.]

*4 Irijh Treafury may iflue Bills to £ certain Extent to bear In*

44 tereft. § 1. Bills iflued not to exceed 2 i6,oool. § 2. Bills,

44 if not paid off, fhall be taken, in Payment of the Revenue in 44 Ireland* after fuch time as the Treafury (hall appoint, and Inte-44 reft fhall ceafe. § 3, 4. Money to be carried to the lrifh Con-44 folidated Fund. §5. Bills to be chargeable thereon. §6. Bank of 44 Ireland may advance the Sum of 2 i6,oool. on the Credit of this 44 A&. §7.

CAP. XCIX.

An ACI to amend the feveral ACls relating to the making of Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and ihe Regulations of Braziers aiul of Pcrfons employing more than one Still in Ireland.	[20th June	1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the feveral Afts relating to the making of Malt in Ireland ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Mo ft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of 45 G. a. c. vi. the fame, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the ^ 4;i. 4b. rc- Day of the palling of this A61, fo much of an A& made in the ^lcd.	Forty	fifth	Year	of	His prefent Majefty'’s Reign, intituled, jin

for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt Her % as ena&s or provides that any Com or Grain making into Malt in the Malthoufe of any Maltfter or Maker pf Malt, after the fame fhall be thrdwn out or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, .fhall remain on the Floor or Floors > for the full Space of Ten Days at the leaft before the fame (hall be put on the Kiln ; and alfo fo much of the faid recited At\ as ena&s or provides that Com or Grain making into Malt fhall be put on the



Digitized by Google

A.D.iftiolr	5b0	GEO. ilL	C.	99.	271

Kiln within Twenty one Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof, lhall be and the fame is and are hereby* repealed.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Expiration Malt in making* of Ten Days after the Day of the palling of this A6t, if any Corn to remain on the or Grain making into Malt in the Malthoufe of any Maltfter or Maker £!°°r a ceruitt of Malt in Ireland, after the time when the fame lhall be thrown une* out, or ought by the Provifions of the faid recited A 61 to have been	.

thrown out of the Couch Frame, lhall not remain on the Floor or	(

Floors for the full Space of Eight Days at the lead before the fame lhall be put on the Kiln, fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt lhall for-frit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that if any Corn or Grain making penalty, into Malt lhall not have been put on the Kilu within Eighteen Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof, all fuch Corn or Grain lhall be eonfidered as Malt, and the Maltfter or Maker of Malt in whofe Malthoufe the fame (hall be found, lhall be charged with Duty for the fame, after the Rate of One Bulhel of Malt for every Bulhel of fuch Com or Grain, and fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt lhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; which faid Penalty, leveral Penalties lhall and may be recovered and applied in fuch and the like manner as any Penalties of the like Amount may be recovered and applied under the faid laft recited A A of the Forty fifth Year fiforetaid, or any A61 or A6ls for amending the fame^

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration	for

of Ten Days after the Day of palling of this A&, it lhall and may Maltlwufcso be lawful for the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in fious gMatTd! Inland, or any Perfoii or Perfons appointed by the faid Commif-fioners for that Purpofe, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland, to keep any Malthoufe, the working or drying Floor whereof lhall not be lefs- than One thoufand and forty fquare Feet, and lhall not exceed One thoufand four hundred fquare Feet, any thing in the faid recited A A of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid, or in any ACt or A6ts for amending the faid recited Ad, to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that the Kiln Floor or Floors of every fuch Malthoufe lhall be in the like Proportions to the working or drying Floor or Floors therein as is dire&ed and reguired by the faid recited Ad or A£ts, or any of them, with reiped to Malthoufes, the working or drying Floors whereof are of the Dimenfions in the faid recited Acts mentioned:

Provided alfo, that all fuch Licences lhall be granted in manner and under the Regulations in the faid recited Ads contained, except only Provifo. fo far as the fame are altered by this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That if any unmalted Com or Grain Mixing Com and lhall be mixed with or contained among any Malt Ihipped or intended Malt intended to be (hipped in Ireland for Exportation, all fuch Com and Malt l‘,r Exportation Hull be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and the fame lhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Tuftoms or Excifc, and the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have fo mixed, or caufed or procured, permitted or fuffered to be mixed any fuch nnmalted Com or Grain with fuch Malt as aforefaid, lhall, for every Bulhel of fuch Mixture, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five Shillings. Penalty.

^V. And whereas by an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland 4Q G 4 in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign intituled, c 68#* '' *

4 An Aft for better regulating the ijfuing and granting of Permits and

1 Certificates

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8to»

Tenalticc not incurred on Account of Kxjiira-tion of Certificates for Conveyance of Excifeablc Goods, unlefr Notice by Officer.

44 G. *. c. 98.

S§4.

OG. f. t. 99.

$ !«•

C.99.	50°	0E0.	III.

4 Certificate for the Conveyance and P rote Bio n of certain exciftabb

•	Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or

•	Retailers of fuch Goods 5 certain Penalties and Forfeitures are iro*

•	pofed in cafes where Goods or Commodities ate found without the

•	Certificate required by the faid Aft to be given by Officers of Ex* 4 cife, for the protefting of Goods; and alfo in cafes where fuch 1 Certificates are not delivered up or renewed according to the Pro* 1 vifions of the faid recited Aft $* Be it enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, no Penalty or Forfeiture whatever (hall accrue or be incurred by any Perfon or Perfons whatever, nor (hall any Goods or Commodities be forfeited nor be liable to be feized, nor fhall any Information, Suit or Profecutioh be filed, had, commenced, pro* fecuted or proceeded on for any fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, or for the Condemnation of any fuch Goods or Commodities by reafou of in confequence of the Expiration of any fuch Certificate, or by tea* fon or in confequence of fuch Certificate not being delivered up, or not being renewed in manner required by the faid recited Aft, unlefl Notice fhall have been given by fome Officer of Excife to the Holder of fuch Certificate Six Days at the leaf! previous to the filing of any fuch Information, or the commencing of fuch Suit or Protecutkmf requiring fuch Holder to renew fuch Certificate, or to deliver up the fame as the cafe may require, and to take out a new or other Certifi* cate purfuant to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

* VI. And whereas by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of ‘ His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled, An AB to provide for tit 4 regulating and fecuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dfiilled 4 in Ireland, and the ware hoofing of fuch Spirits for Exportation^ 4 it is, among!! other things, enafted, that no Brazier or other « Perfon dealing in Brafs, Copper, Tin, or other Mftaf, fhall make « or have in his or her PofTeffiou any Still, the Content of the Body 4 whereof without the Head or any Appendage thereto, fhall be lefi 4 than Five hundred Gallons, other than and except any fuch Still 4 only as may be licenfrd by the Commiffioners of Excife under the 1 Provifions of the faid recited Aft, nor unlefs fuch Brazier of other « Perfon fhall have previoufly obtained a Licence from fome one Com-4 miffioner of Excife, for making or keeping the fame ; and in 4 cafe fuch Still fhall he of lefs Content than rive hundred Gallons, < fetting forth that the fame is for che Ufe of fome Chemift, Apo-4 thecary, or other Perfon duly licenfed to ufe the fame, and if 4 any fuch Still fhall be found in the PofTeffion of any Braeier or 4 otner Perfon as aforefaid, who fhall not produce a Licence for 4 making or keeping the fame, fuch grazier or other Perfon fhall for*

•	feit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and fuch Still fhall be forfeited 4 and may be feized by anv Officer of Excife s And whereas by one 4 other Aft made in the fcorty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty's 4 Reign, intituled, An A8 to amend the feveral Ads for the rmlating 4 and fecuring the Colie Bion of the Duties on Spirits ekflilled in Ireland, 4 and for the regulating the Sale of fuch Liquors by Retail\ it is,

•	amongfl other things, enafted, that if any Brazier, Tinman, or 4 Worker of Tin, or other Perfpn dealing in Brafs, Copper, Tin,

•	or other Metal, fhall at any time after the Expiration of Ten Days 4 after the Day of the palling of the fafd lail mentioned Aft, mails 4 or repair! or have m lit or her Poffefikra in Ireland any Still, ths

• CcQtffiU

Digitized by

Google

A.D. i8io*

273

$o° oEo. m.	C.99.

*	Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any other

*	Appendage thereto, fhall be lefs than Fifty Gallons, every fuch

*	Pcrlon offending as aforefaid (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty 4 of a Mifdemeanor s And whereas in confequence of the Com-

*	miflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes being by Law authorized

*	to grant Licences to Perfons to hate, keep and make ufe of any 4 Still, the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any 4 other Appendage thereto, (hall not be lefs than Forty four Gallons, 4 it is neceffary to repeal fo much of the faid Two Adis as is herein-4 before recited :* Be it therefore enaAed, That from and after the paffing of this Adi, fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Two Adis of the Forty fixth and Forty ninth Years aforefaid, as is and are hereinbefore recited, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enadled, That if any Brazier, Tinman or Worker of Tin, or other Perfon dealing in Brah», Copper, Tin, or other Metal, (hall make or repair, or have in his or her Poffeffion in Ireland* any Still the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any Appendage thereto (hall be lefs than Forty fuur Gallons, every fuch Perfon fo offending aforefaid (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace on Information on Oath of any fuch Offences, to iffue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of fuch Perfon, and on Examination into the Complaint to commit luch Perfon to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Courfe of Law;'and in cafe any IndiAment (hall be found agaiull fuch Perfon, he or (he (hall plead thereto, without having time to traverfe the fame ; and it (hall be lawful for the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and conviAed, to infliA fuch Puni(hment on fuch Perfon for fuch Offence, as may by Law be infliAed on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanors.

4 VIII. And whereas it is expedient to meet the Inconvenience 4 refulting from Dillillers commencing the working T wo or more Stills 4 at different Periods in the fame DiftilleryBe it enaAed, That whenever any Diftiller in Ireland (hall have Two or more Stills in the fame Diftillery, and (hall not have given Notice and commenced the working of all fuch Stills on the fame Day, it fhall not be lawful for fuch Diftiller to give Notice of the commencing ©r recommencing to work any Still or Stills in addition to the Still or Stills which (hall be then at'work in fuch Diftillery but on a Monday, which fhall be the Commencement of a Period of Four Weeks for the Work of fuch Still or Stills as (hall have been fo at work as aforefaid ; and in every cafe where a Diftiller (hall have Two or more Stills working as aforefaid at the fame time, every fuch Diftiller (hall be charged and chargeable, and (hall pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as be (hall make, or be chargeable with Duty for from the Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings, with which all luch Stills (hall by Law be chargeable according to the Contents of the fame reflectively 9 and the Officer of Excife (hall in the feveral Returnr by Law required to be made by him, include and charge againll fuch Diftiller the full Quantity of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller is chargeable with Duty in rclpeA of all fuch Stills taken together ; and when any Diftiller (hall at anytime before the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffing of this AA, have commenced or recommenced the work-lag of Two or more Stills in the fame Diftillery on different Days, fo *56 Geo. III.	T	as

repelled.

Brazil rs, &c. having in 1'oflVf-fiott Stills of It fa Contest ihaa A A G allot

PunldhmeQt*

Regulation for DtiUllers in work-in* Two or more Stills.



Digitized by

AJ).i8io.

A74	C.	99,	100.	50°	GEO.	III.

as that the Period of Four Weeks as to each of the faid Stills (hall be diftindl, it (hall be lawful for the Officer in Charge of the Diftil* lery of fuch Diftiller, to include in his Return of the Charge at the End of fuch Period of Four Weeks of the Still or Stills which (hall have firll commenced working as aforefaid, the full Proportion of the Charge or Charges in refped of the Contents of fuch additional StiN or Stills for a Period of Four Weeks, according to the Number t dfe. of Weeks that f fame fhall have worked during fuch Period of Four Weeks, of the Still or Stills which firli commenced working as aforefaid, fo as to charge the faid Diftiller from the fame Day and Period as to all and every of the faid Stills as long as the fame (hall continue working, and that fuch Return fo made as aforefaid (hall be a Charge on fuch Diftiller to all Iutents and Purpofes, a3 any Charge on any any Diftiller by virtue of any other or former Adi 5 and the Duty or Duties fo returned and charged (hall be paid and payable by fuch Diftiller in like manner as any Duty under any other Return is payable by Law by any Diftiller, and under and fubje& in Default of Pay-Feoal uf. ment to all Penalties as Diftillers are fubjedt to in cafes of Non-payment of the Duties with which they are chargeable.

CAP. C.

3# G. 3. c. fs.



Fine* impofed on Fun (lie?, &c. reflated, &c. Perfons no* |»u-nilhaMc for n it levying tine*.

An Adi for refpiting certain Fines impofed on Stills in Ireland.

[20th June 1810.]

*	TTTHEREASby an Adi paffed in this prefent Seffion of Par-4 VV liament, intituled, An AS to grant to Hit Majefly, Duties 4 upon Spirits made or difilled in Irelandyro/n Corn ; to allow certain 4 Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations 4 for the Encouragement of lieenfed Difillers % and jor amending the 4 Laws relative to the Difillet y of Ireland ; the Operation of certain 4 Adis was fufpended for Two Years, fo far as they impofed Fines 4 on Parities and Townfliips in Ireland for unlicenfed Stills or Parts 4 of Stills, or Materials for illicit Diftilling, found on fuch Lands 1 4 And whereas during the time faid A & was pafling fimilar Fines

* may have been impofed at different Affizesin Ireland, which, with-4 out the Interference of Parliament, muft be leviedBe it therefore enadled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all fuch Fines as may have been impofed on Parifhes or Townlands in Ireland on or after the Tenth Day of March in this Year, (hall be and are hereby refpited; and that no High Conftablc or other Perfon employed to colled! the fame (hall fuffer any Lofs of Salary in confcqucr.ee of not having colledtedor paid in fuch Fines.

C A p.

Digitized by t^ooQle

C. ioi.

275

50° GEa IIL

cap. cl

An A& for confirming an Agreement for the Purchafe of the Prifage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, entered into by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland9 and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory and his Truitees, in purfuance of an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign.

[20th Jane 1810.]

*	TT7 HERE AS by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of the 46 G. 8. c. 94.

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majcfty, intituled, An Ad to enable 4 the CommjJJirjncrs for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of 4 Ireland to contrad for the Duties of Prifage and Butlerage in Ireland,

*	reciting that the Right Honourable E.ul of Ormonde and Offory 4 was or claimed to be entitled to the Prifage and Butlerage of all 4 Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers,

*	and other Places within Ireland; and reciting alfo that it would 4 tend to Uniformity in the Collection and Application of the Reve-

*	nue of Cuftoms in Ireland if the faid Duties of Prifage and Butle-4 rage were, by the Con fen t of the faid Earl, to be revelled in the

4 Crown for the public Service ; it was enafted, that it Ihould and Il*

*	might be lawful for the Commiflioners for executing the Office of

*	Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, or any Three

*	or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the 4 time being, on Behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succef-4 fort, to treat, contraft, and agree witfi the faid Walter Earl of 4 Ormonde and OJfory, or any other Perfon or Perfons claiming or to 4 claim under or by virtue of the refpeftive Grants or Letters Patent 4 under which the faid Earl was or claimed to be entitled to the fame,

4 for the abfolute Purchafe or Surrender of all fuch Eftate, Right,

4 Title and Intereft, as he or they had or (hould be entitled to claim 4 in and to the Prifage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of 4 the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in Ireland,

4 and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits, and other Advantages 4 whatfoever thereunto belonging, for fuch Annuity or Sum of Money 4 or both, to be charged upon and payable out of the Confolidated 4 Fund of Ireland\ at fuch times and in fuch manner, and upon and 4 fubjeft to fuch Terms and Conditions of Redemption thereof, or 4 otherwrfe relating thereto, as the faid Commiflioners for executing 4 the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being,

4 or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer of 4 Ireland for the time being Ihould think fit, and as fhould be agreed

4 upon in that Behalf: And it was by the faid Aft provided and $ a,

4 further enafted, that no fuch Contraft which Ihould be entered into 4 as aforefaid Ihould be binding on His Majefly’s Heirs or Succeflbrs,

4 or fhould be carried into Effecl unlefs and until the fame fhould be 4 fanftioned and confirmed by Aft of Parliament ; and whereas by an 4 Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent 48 G. 0. c. xciii. 4 Majefty, intituled, An Ad for veiling in new Triplets certain EJlates * and Property in Ireland of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of 1 Ormonde and Offory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England,

4 which have not been fold or difpofed of under and by virtue of Two 4 Ads of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth and Forty fifth Tears of 4 His prefent Majefty*t Reign (by which faid Aft of the Thirty fifth

T 2	4	Yea*

Digitized by

376	C.	ioi.	50°	GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

4 Year of His prefent Maiefty certain Eftates and Effedls of the Wd 4 Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory in Ireland\ including the laid

*	Butlerage audPrifage, were velltd in Trullees, and by which faid 4 Adt of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majelty the Right 4 Honourable John Earl of Ennijhllen and the Right Honourable 4 Maurice Fitzgerald were fubllituted Trullees in the Room cf the 4 Trullees of the faid former Adt) ; after reciting that the Trufts of ‘ the faid lull mentioned A dt were not then completed, and that the ‘ faid John Earl of Enn jlillcn and the faid Maurice Fitzgerald, the 4 Trullees therein named, were defirous of being difeharged there-4 from, and that the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory was defirous 4 that new Trullees fhould be appointed to adl in the Trulls of the 4 faid recited Adis of Parliament, in the Room of the faid John Earl 4 of Ennijlillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, but that no Provifion had

/l.c.l.vxxi*':. 4 been rnade in either of the faid Adis of the Thirty tilth and Forty 4 lifth Years of His prefent Majeily for that Puipofe : It was, there-4 fore, by the faid Ad! of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His prefent Majeily enadted, That the laid John Earl of Ennijhilleu 4 and Maurice Fitzgerald fhould he, and they the faid John Earl of 4 Ennilhilleti and Maurice Fitzgerald were thereby from thenceforth 4 abfolutely and for ever relealed and difeharged of and from all and 4 every the Ufcs, Trulls, Powers and Authorities then vefled in 4 them by virtue of the faid Adi of the Thirty fifth of His pre-4 feut Majeily, and the faid Adi of the Forty fifth Year of His faid 4 prefent Majeily, fo far a9 it affedled or concerned the faid John 4 Earl of Ennijhillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, was 4 thereby repealed and declared null and void : And it was by the faid 4gG. a. c. x in. c of the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majeily further en-4 a died, that William Morlan I and John Hofier of Pall Mall, in the 4 County of Middlefexy Efauires, Charles Butler of Lincolns Inn, 4 in the fame County, Barrifter at Law, and Job Hart Price Clarke y 4 then of Montague Street, in the fame County, Efquire, and their 4 Heirs, Ihould be, and they the faid William Morlandy John Hojiery 4 Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarkey were thereby appointed 4 Trullees in the Place and Stead of the faid John Earl of Ennifkillen 4 and Maurice Fitzgerald; and all fuch Parts of the Ellates, Manors, 4 Lands, Tenements, Prifage and Butlerage of Wines, Ellates,

*	Effedls Hereditaments and Premifes of	what Nature and Kind

1	faevor, comprized in the faid recited Adis	or either of them, which

4	had not been fold or difpofed of for the	Purpofes of the faid re-

x cited Adis or either of them, were thereby veiled in the faid 4 William Morlandy John Hofier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price 4 Clarke, and their Heirs, upon fuch and the fame Trufts, and to and 4 for fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates 4 and Interefts, and with fuch and the fame Powers and Provifoe*, 1 and to and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as in the faid recited 4 Adi of the Thirty fifth of His prefent Maiefty are mentioned or

*	declared concerning the Hereditaments ana Premifes therein men-4 tiof.ed, and in as full, extenfive and abfolute manner, to all Intents 4 and Purpofes, a* the fame were veiled in the faid John Earl of En. 4 tijjlillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, or fuch and fo 4 many of them as Ihould be then fubfilling, undetermined and capk-

.	.	o,	1	hie of taking Effpdt: And whereas by	Indenture bearing Date

amTSurrcude^of	*	the tFourteeatk Day of May in ^he Year of our Lord One thoufind

4 eight

Digitized by v^ooQle

<A«D.i8io.	50°	GEO.	TIL	C	ioi.

*	sight hundred and ten, and made or exprefTed to be made between

*	the Right Honourable John Fojler, Chancellor of His Majefty’s' 4 Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain*

4 called Ireland, the Right Honourable Sir George Fitzgerald Hill 4 Baronet, and the Right Honourable John Barry* Commifiioners

*	of His Majefty’s Treafury of Ireland* of the Firft Part; the faid 4 William Morland* John Hofier* Charles Butler and Job Hart Price 4 Clarke, of the Second Part ; and the faid Walter Eail of Ormonde 4 and OJfory of the Third Part; reciting the federal Matters herein-

*	before recited, they the faid John Fojler, Sir George Fitzgerald Hill 4 and John Barry* as Commifiioners of the Treafury of Ireland, in

*	purfti'ince uf the hereinbefore recited Aft of Parliament pafled in

*	the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, did

*	on Behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, contraft and

*	agree with the faid William Morland* John Hofier, Charles Butler 4 and Job Hart Price Clarke, by and with the Confent of the faid 4 Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* (fjgnified by his being a Party

*	to and executing the faid Indenture) for the abfolute Purchafe and

*	Surrender from the Day of the Execution of the Deed of Convey-4 anceby the faid Commifiioners of fuch Eftate, Right, Title and In-

*	tcreft, as the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* or his faid Truftees, 4 hath or have in the aforefaid Prifage and Butlerage of Wines in all 4 Ireland* for the Price or Sum of Two hundred and ftxceen thou-4 fand Pounds Sterling Info Currency : Ar.d it was by the faid In-4 denture agreed and declared by and between the Parties to the faid 4 Indenture that the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* William Mor-4 land* John Hofier* Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke* 4 fhould forthwith, after the faid Contraft fhould be approved of by 4 Parliament, produce a good and fatisfaftory Title to the faid Pri-4 fage and Butlerage; and by proper Deeds, Conveyances and A flu-4 ranees convey or furrender the fame, or caufe the fame to be conveyed 4 or furrendered to the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and 4 SuccefTors, abfolutcly and free from all Charges and Incumbrances 4 whatfoever 5 and it is by the faid Indenture declared and agreed by 4 and between the Parties to the faid Indenture, that the faid Sum of 4 Two hundred and fixteen thoufand Pounds Sterling fhould be paid 4 to the faid William Morland* John Hofier* Charles Butler and Job 4 Hart Price Clarke* their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, by 4 the Commiflioner8 of the Treafury on the Day of the Execution of 4 the faid Deed of Conveyance by the faid John Fojler* Sir George 4 Fitzgerald Hill and John Barry ; and that, until the Execution of 4 the laid Conveyance and Surrender, the faid Prifage and Butlerage, 4 and the accruing Income and Profits of the fame fhould belong 4 to and be received by the faid William Morland* John Hofier, 4 Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke* their Executors, Admi-4 niftrators and Afligns, as Truftees under the faid recited Aft of the 4 Forty eighth Year aforefaid : And it is by the faid Indenture pro-4 vided and declared by and between the Parties thereto, that nothing 4 therein contained fhall be binding upon them or any of them, unlefs 4 the fame fhould, within the Space of Two Years, to be computed 4 from the Twentieth Day of December then laft, bt fanftioned and 4 confirmed by Parliament: and whereas the Mayor, Sheriffs and 4 Commonalty of the City of Cork have, by their Petition to the 4 Houfe of Commons, claimed all the Prifage of Wines in all Bays,

T J	4	Creeks

Digitized by

Google

*77

Prifajrr, liy the Earl of Ormonde and hit Tnidrfr, May 14, ]*U>. lor ‘210,0001.

40 G. 3. c. 94*

4JB G. 9. f. xcfll.

Claim of Corporation of Cork 10 Prifage.

a-jS

C. ioi.

50’ GEO. III.

A.D.1810,

Control wlih Ix*rl Ormonde confirmed, ful>-

je£ 10 Pro\iftons of this Adi.

Fnfage veiled in His Majefly liee of all Claim.

l\trcliafe Money chargeable on C otiiolidated Fund.

On Execution of Conveyance 2 16 ,000l. to he inv«fle*l, for the Furpofe of this Adi, with Con-feut of Earl of Ormonde and his Trailed.

4 Creeks and Strands within the Port of the faid City ; and it is 4 poffible that fimilar Claims may be made within other Ports of Ire-4 land: And whereas it would be of great public Benefit that the 4 Piifagc and Butlerage of Wines Ihould be forthwith extinguiffied 4 within and through every Port in Ireland\ and within and through 4 every Creek, Bay and Strand thereof ;* Be it therefore enabled by the King's Molt Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this* prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid hereinbefore recited Contrail and Agreement for the Pmchafe and Surrender of the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft of the faid Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* and hi6 faid Truf-tees, of, in and to the Prifage and Butlerage of Wines in all Ireland^ {hall be, and the fame is hereby fanftioned, ratified, confirmed ami eftabliftied, fubjeft nevertlielcfs to the Provifions and Regulations in this prefent Ad contained; and that immediately from and after the Execution of the Conveyance in the faid recited Contrail mentioned, which Conveyance (hail contain a full Conveyance of the Prifage and Butlerage of Wines brought into all or any Port, Haven, Creek, River, or ether Pluce in Ireland, all Prifage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in Ireland* and all Compofitions, Duties, and other Payments in lieu of or on account of fuch Prifage and Butlerage (hall for ever thenceforth be abfolutely veiled iu His Majefty, his Heir3 and Succeffors, free and clear, and for ever exempted, exonerated and difeharged of and from all Rights, Titles, Interelb, Claim and Demand whatfoever of any Body Politick or Corporate, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and that immediately from and after the Execution of fuch Conveyance, the Sum of Two hundred and fixteen thoufand Pounds, Irijb Currency, {hall be ifluing out of, and {hall be charged and chargeable on the Confolidated Fund of Ireland* and {hall be iflued and paid accordingly in manner and under the Regulations in this Act contained.

II. And be it further enabled, That immediately after the Execution of the Deed of Conveyance and Surrender of the faid Prifage and Butlerage from the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory andbisTruf-tees, by the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, ana his Truftees, or the Survivor of fuch Truftees, and by the Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, the Whole of the faid Sum of Two hundred and fixteen thoufand Pounds {hall, by the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, with the Confent of the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* and his faid Truftees, or the Survivor of them, be inverted at Intereft in Treafury Bills, or in fuch other Government Securities as the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory* and his faid Truftees, or the Survivor of them, {hall approve, in the Name or Names of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners, or any Three of them for the time being, and the Principal, Intereft and Proceeds of the faid Treafury Bills, or other Government Securities, (hall be accounted for, applied and paid over by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Com-miffioners for the time being for the Purpofes of this Aft, in manner «nd under the Regulations and at the times in this Aft in that Behalf mentioned and direfted.

HI. An4

Digitized by Google

C. ior.

50* GEO. m.

279

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Acquittance or Ac- Acquittance of quittances, or Receipt or Receipts of the faid William Mor land, Truflew, &c. for John Hotter, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Per- ofQ ] 6^oooTto " fon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to receive the faid Sum of Two be a vajjd Dif_ hundred and (ixteen thoufand Pounds, under the Provifions of this c.iarge,

Act contained, (hall be a good and fufficient Difcharge for the Payment of the faid Sum, or of fo much thereof as (nail be thereby acknowledged to be by them or him received, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the faid Sum and every Part thereof (hail be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions, Fees, and other Charges vvhatfoever.

IV.	Provided alway8, and be it further enabled, That,	for trying or	por	tfrerta;ni*-

afcertaining any Right or Claim which the faid Mayor,	Sheriffs and	the	Rhjht	oi	ih«

Commonalty of the faid City of Cork, or any other Perfon or Per- Corpomiion of fons. Body o- Bodies Po'iticlc or Corporate, may^alledge or make ( ork» or udier of or to the Prifage or Butlerage of Wines, or any Part, Share or	°r

Proportion thereof, in any Port or Ports of Ireland, or in any Bay, **	*	’

Creek or Strand w ithin any Part or in any Place or Places in Ireland,

it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor,	Sheriffs and

Commonalty of the faid City of Corky and to and for	all and every

or any Perlon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who (hall alledge any fuch Right or make any fuch Claim, to have the Subje& of fuch Claim tried at Law in His Majcfty’s Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in Ireland\ at the Option of the Claimant or Claimants, by an A&ion to be brought by fuch Claimant or Claimants againft the Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioncrs of the Treafury o^Ireland for the time being ; and the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJf.ry and his faid Truftees, or the Survivor of them, upon an I(Tue whether the faid Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Corky or other Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who (hall alledge any fuch Right or make any fuch Claim refpe&ively, are or is entitled to any Prifage or Butlerage of Wines in any Bays, Creeks or Strands within the Port of the faid City of Corky any way happening, or in any other Port or Ports of Irelandy or in any Bay, Creek or Strand thereof, or in any Place or Places in Ireland to be named in fuch Iffue, as the cafe may require 5 and that in any fuch Action the faid Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the (aid City of Cork or other Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corpo* rate, who (hall alledge any fuch Right or make any fuch Claim as aforefaid, (hall be Plaintiffs at Law; and the Lorjl High Treafurer of Irelandy or the Commiflioncrs for executing the faid Office of Loid High Treafurer for the time being, together with the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJforyy and his faid Truftees or the Survivor of them, (hall be Defendants at Law ; and fuch Defendants (hall without Delay name an Attorney or Attornies refpeClivcly to appear to and to accept a Declaration and* plead to Iffne ; and fuch Iffue, if the Parties (hall differ, (hall be fettled by the Mailer or the proper Officer of the Court in which any fuch Proceedings (hall be had ; and all and every fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall proceed in every fuch Action for the Trial of fuch Claim, fo as to have the fame tried and determined before a fpecial Jury of the County of the City of Dub* liny at any time before the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, as the Court (hall think fit to appoint |

T 4	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

;So

If fu'U Uigl'l rihiMifh**!, then V.-.hie afeertained r^’ier by A^rce-rm it or by Verdict of a Jury.

Coft*.

On fuch Agree? went or Verditl Treafury to pay Amount qf Pi> Wages.

C.ioi.	50°	GEO. III.	A.D.i8io*

and after Verdifl on any fuch Iffue, Judgment (hall be given by fuch Court with Cofts as ufual in common Cafes.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That if fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, (hall fully and fatisfa&orily ellablifh fuch Right, or any Right in the Premifes, though not to the full Extent ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the Price and Value of fuch Prifage or Butlerage, or of fuch Part, Share or Pro* portion thereof, the Right to which (hall be fo eflabli(bed as aforefaid, (hall be alfo afeertained at the faid Trial in cafe all the Parties at fuch Trial (hall fo agree ; but in cafe all the faid Parties (hall not fo agree, then the faid Price and Value (hall be afeertaiued as follows, that is to fay ; if by any Inftrument in Writing, to be made and executed by and between the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, fo eftablifhing his, her or their Right as aforefaid, of the Firft Part; the faid William Morland, John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivors and Survivor of them, or the Heirs orAffigns of fuch Survivor, with the Confent of the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory or his Heirs, of the Second Part; and any Thrfce Commiflioners of the Treafury of Ireland, or the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, of the Third Part; the Price and Value thereof (hall be afeertained, declared and agreed upon under their refpe&ive Hands and Seals; then the fame (hall from thenceforth be deemed and taken as and for the Price and Value thereof to all Intents and Pur-pofes, and (hall he paid in manner hereinafter mentioned, together with the Cod9 (if any); but if the faid Parties (hould not fo agree, then the fame (hall in every fuch cafe be afeertained as follows, that is to fay; an Action (hall be brought by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, having fo eftabliffied fuch Right as aforefaid, for the afeertaining of the Amount of fuch Price or Value againlt the Perfon or Perfons being Defendants in the faid firft mentioned A&ion, in which Action for afeertaining fuch Price or Value the Venue (hall be laid in the County of the City of DnbRn; and it (hall be lawful for all Parties to proceed in fuch A&ion for af-certaining fuch Price or Value as aforefaid, in like manner as in the former Cafe of the A&ion for the Trial of the Right as aforefaid, pr as nearly thereto as the Cafe will admit; and upon fuch Trial it (hall be lawful for the Jury to ^ive a Verdift for the Defendants, or for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, with Damages, and the Court (hall give Judgment thereon with Cods, as ufual in common cafes.

VI.	And be i^ further er.a&ed, That whenever fuch Agreement (hall be made, or fuch Verdift and Judgments (hall be given for fuch Price or Value, then within Fourteen Days after the Execution of fuch Agreement, or after the Ptodu&ion and Delivery of a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which any fuch Trial (hall be had, fignifying that fuch Verdi A sod Judgment had been given, and the Amount of the Damages thereon, which faid Certificate the faid Officer or Officers is and are hereby required to give, it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby required to iflue and pay to and to the Ufe of the faid Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork9 or to and to jhe yfp of fuch other Perfon or Perfons, Qr Body or Bodies Politick

or

Digitized by

Google

or Corporate, as by virtue of any fuch Agreement or VerdiA and Judgment (hall be entitled to any fuch Damages or Sum or Sums of Money, the Amount of fuch Damages and Sum aud Sums of Money refpeAivefv.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaAed, That if the Court before whom any Trials (hall be had under this Act (hall he cJiflati.-lied with any Verdict to be given on any fuch Trial, then, and in every fuch Cafe, and fo often as the fame (hall happen, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to grant a new or further Trial upon the fame I Hue, upon Application of the Party complaining of fuch Verdict within the time allowed in common Cafes tor Motions for new Trials; and that if any of the Defendants in any Action to be brought and profe-cuted in purfuance of this AA (hall die, or ceafe to hold their Offices, pending the fame, fuch Action (hall not abate by reaion thereof, but (ball be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

VIII* And be it further enaAed, That every fuch VerdiA and Judgment thereon (hall be binding and conclufive upon and again!! the Parties on the Trial of any fuch KTue, and upon and againft all and every Perfon and Perfons, and Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomfoever, claiming or to claim Prifage or Butlerage of Wines in the Port or Place relating to which any fuch I(Tue (hall be tried as aforefaid; and that if the faid Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate whatever, claiming or to claim any Right, Title or Intereft in or to the Prifage or Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, or any Parts, Share or Proportion thereof, (hall omit or negleA to proceed to the Trial of the feveral Jiffies for determining their Right therein in manner aforefaid, and alfo for afeer-taining the Price or Value as aforefaid if necefTary ; and if fuch Trials (hall not be had, and VerdiAs and Judgments thereon refprAively given, or Agreement made for afeertaining fuch Price or Value as aforefaid, before the faid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the faid Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, refpeAing whofe Right and Damages, Trials (hall not be had, and VerdiAs and Judgments {hall not be given, or Agreement made as aforefaid, before the faid Firll Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall be deemed and taken to have abandoned all Claim, Right and Title to fuch Prifage and Butlerage of Wines, or any Share or Proportion thereof#-and (hall be for ever thenceforth barred and precluded from all Benefit of any fuch Claim ; and from demanding, taking or receiving any Prifage or Butlerage of Wines in any Port or Place in Ire-land, any Law, Charter, (Jfage or Cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaAed, That in cafe no fuch Trial (hall be had, nor any VerdiA given for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on any fuch Iffue as aforefaid, before the faid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve ; then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treaffirer of Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the faia Office of Lord High Treaffirer for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to iffue and pay, and to deliver over to the faid William Mori and, John Iloficry Churl" $vt(cc V*d Job Hart Price Clarke* and the Survivor

of

N<?\r Trial.

VerUicUlmuHag.

All Clairra of Prifage not determined before Jan. 1, IS U’, barred.

Trrafttry to pay the whole Q 16,0001. to the Trufteea, or fo much thereof a# (hall remain after Payment of Damage*.

Digitized by Google

C. ioi

A.D.i8io.

*8*

50* GEO. III.

of them, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, the Whole of the faid Sum of Two hundred and fixteen thou fan d Pounds, or the Securities (if any) in which the fame (hall have been inverted as afore-faid, together with fuch Intereft as may have accrued on fuch Securities up to the time of their paying and delivering over the fame as aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch Trial or Trials (hall have been had, and a VerdiA and Judgment given for Damage's to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, at any time before the faid Fir ft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve ; then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Lord High Treafurer or Com-miffioners for the time being refpe&ively, to iffue and pay and deliver over to the faid William Morland, John Hoficr, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Ailigns, fo much and fuch Sum or Sums of Money or Securities as aforefaid, as together with any Sum or Sums of Money paid or payable to any fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as aforefaid in confequence of any fuch Verdi& and Judgment for Damages as afor faid, or of any Agreement to be made as aforefaid, (hall amount to the Whole of the faid Sum of Two hundred and fi<-teen thoufand Pounds, or to the whole Produce of the Securities in which the fame (hall have been inverted in manner aforefaid, with Intereft on fuch Securities as aforefaid.

Twafury, on	X. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That at any time after the

Execution of Execution as aforefaid of fuch Deed of Conveyance and Surrender Conveyance may of the faid Prifage and Butlerage from the faid Earl of Ormonde and advance not ex- OJfory, and his faid Trultees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, it (hall be lawful for the Lid Lord High ai6 oool tlk:nir Treafurer	Ireland, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office

Indemnityagainft Lord High Treafurer for the time being, to pay and advance any Claim, Lc. to the faid William Morland, John Hofter, Charles Butler and J’J Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, any Sum or Sums oi Money not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Two Third Parts of the faid Sum of Two hundred and fixteen thoufand Pounds, upon receiving from the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, and his faid Truftees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, fuch Security or Securities as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners as aforefaid (hall think fuflicient, fully and amply to indemnify the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiflioners from and againft all pnd every Claim and Claims of any and every Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to any Prifage or Butlerage of Wines in any Port or Place in Ireland, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, and from arid againft any Sum or Sums of Money, Damages or Cofts to be paid to any fuch Perfon or Per-fons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in Recompence of any fuch Claim beyond the Amount of fuch Part of the faid Sum of Two hundred and fixteen thoufand Pounds as (hall not be paid and fuivanced to the faid Truftees in manner aforefaid; and in cafe it (hall happen that any Sum or Sums of Money, Damages or Cofts to be paid on account of or in recompence for any fuch Claim or Claims in confequence of any Verdidt or Judgment or Agreement gs hereinbefore mentioned, (hall exceed the Amount of fuch Part of the faid Sum of Two hundred and (ixteen thoufand Pounds at (hall pot be paid and advanced to the (aid Truftees; then, and in fuch f	Calc»

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

5o# GEO. III.	C.	toi,	io2*

Cafe, fuch Exceft of the Sum mod Sums fa to be paid, with Io-tereft thereon from the time of Payment thereof reipc&ively, (hall fland and be a Charge on all and every the Eflates now veiled in the faid William Morland% John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, under the aforefaid A61s of Parliament, or any of them, except fuch Part of the faid Eftates of the faid Earl of Ormonde and OJbry as may be excepted from or not included in the Security to be required by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commif-ftoners as aforefaid, in Priority to any Debts or Debt in the faid Adis or any of them mentioned and provided to be paid as aforefaid which (hall then remain unpaid, and (hall and may be fued for and recovered thereout, with Intereil and Cods, by and in the Names of the Commiflioners of the Treafury of Ireland, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, by their faid Name of Office refpe&ively, either at Law or in Equity, in the fame manner in all Refpc&s as any Mortgagee in Fee Simple may proceed for Recovery of his Principal, Intereil and Cofts; and no Change of any of the faid Commiflioners pending any fuch Suit or Proceeding, (hall in any way affVdl the fame; and the net Sum recovered (hall be paid into His Majelly’s Treafury of Ireland, and (hall become and be Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.



CAP. CIL

An A& for the more effectually preventing the adminiflcr'ng and taking of unlawful Chths in Ireland; and for the Protection of Magillratcs and Witnefles in Criminal Cafes.

[20th June 1810.]

1 TT^HEREAS divers wicked and evil difpofed Perfons have

*	V? from time to time attempted to feducc fcveral of His Ma-

*	jefly’s Subjt&s in Ireland from their Duty and Allegiance to His

*	Majelly, and to aflociate them under the pretended Obligations of « Oaths unlawfully adminillered Be it eua&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That any Perfon AiIrainHlering m or Perfons who at any time after the palling of this A61 (hall admi- taking Oaths for nifter or caufe to be adminillered, tender or catife to be tendered,

or be prefent aiding and afiilling at the adminiftering or tendering, I’01”* or who (hall by Threats, Promifes, Perfuaflons, or other undue Means, caufe, procure or induce to be taken by any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland^ upon a Book or otherwife, any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Perfon or Perfons taking the fame to be of any Aflociation, Brotherhood, Committee, Society or Confederacy whatfoever, in reality formed cr to be formed for feditious Purpofes, or to diftu/6 ihe Publick Peace, or to injure the Perfons or Property of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, or tq compel any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, to do or omit 'or rc-fufe to do any A£l or A£ls whatfoever, under whatever Name,

Description or Pretence fuch Aflociation, Brotherhood, Committee, Society or Confederacy (hall afliime or pretend to be formed qr conilituted, or any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Perfon taking the fame to obey the Orders or Rules or Commands of any Committee or other Body of Men not lawfully con-

6	ftituted.

Digitized by L,ooQle

C. 102.

A*Dt 181 o.



Jsot h fuming.

T\imfhmcnt,

Ireland, Punifli-

ment.

Nreeflfity not to j unify Offenders, unlcfo they g»ve Information to a

Julliec.

Ai»lrr» nnd

* deemed Friiu iyil*.

I’urport of Oath fufhci»'m in In-c it in ent.

5°*

6E0. III.

ftituted, or of toy Captain, Leader or Commander (not appointed by or under the Authority of Hi* Majefiy, his Heirt and Suc-ceffors) or to afTemble at the Defne and Command of any fuch Captain, Leader, Commander or Committee, or of any Perfon or Per-fons not having lawful Authority, or not to inform or give Evidence againll any Brother, Affociate, Confederate or other Perfon, or not to reveal or difeover his or her having taken any illegal Oath, or not to reveal or difeover any illegal A 61 done or to be done, or not to difeover any illegal Oath or Engagement which may be admini-flered or tendered to him or her, or the Import thereof, whether fuch Oath {hall be afterwards fo cdminiftcred or tendered or not, or whether he or (he (hall take fuch Oath or enter into fuch Engagement or not, being by due Courfe of Law convi&ed thereof, {hall be adjudged guilty of Felony and be tranfported for Life ; and every Perfon who (hall take, in Ireland, any fuch Oath or Engagement, importing fo to bind him or her as aforefaid, and being by due Courfe of Law thereof convifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be tranfported for Seven Years.

II.	Provided always. That any Perfon or Perfons who may have been compelled by inevitable Necefiity to commit any of the Offences aforefaid, upon Proof of fuch inevitable Necefiity, (hall be excufed and juftified, provided that no fuch inevitable Necefiity (hall juftify or excufe ary fuch Perfon or Perfons, unlefs he, (he or they (hall, within Ten Days, if not prevented by adlual Force or Sicknefs, and then within Seven Days after fuch a&ual Force or Sicknefs fhall ceafe to difable him, her or them from giving Information of the fame, difclofc to One of His Majefty’s Jullices of the Peace in the County in which he, file or they (hill then he, by Information on Oath, the Whole of what he, file or they know touching the compelling him, her" or them, to commit any fuch Offence, and of the Perfon or Perfons by whom he, file or they were compelled to commit fuch Offence, and who were prefent at the time fuch Offence was committed, and of the Place where the fame was committed: Provided however, that no Perfon fiiall he fo excluded from the Defence of inevitable Necefiity, who fiiall be tried for the faid Offence within the faid Period of Ten Days from the Commifiion of fuch Offence, or of Seven Days from the time when fuch Force or Sicknefs fiiall ceafe as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further cnaded. That all Perfons prefent, aiding and aflifting at the adminiileting or tendering of any fuch Oath or Engagement, and all Perfons caufing any fuch Oath or Engagement to be adminificred or tendered, though not prefent, fiiall be deemed principal Offenders, arid tried as fuch, though the Perfon or Perfons who adually adminillercd or tendered fuch Oath or Engagement fiiall not have been tried or convi&ed.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it fiiall not be neceffary in any Indictment to be found againll any Perfon for adminiilering, tendering or taking fuch Oath or Engagement, to fet out the Words of fuch Oath or Engagement, and that it fiiall be fufficient to fet forth therein the Purport or ObjeCl of fuch Oath or Engagement.

* V. And whereas it has happened th-t Perfons who have given

•	Information againll Perfons accufed of Crimes in Ireland, have been

•	murdered before Trial of Perfons accufed, in order to prevent their

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio*

jo* GEO. III.

C. io*.

$8$

• givrag Evidence, and to effeft the Acquittal of the Accufed ;* Be it declared and enabled. That if any Perfon who hath given or (hall jnve Information or Examination upon Oath againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Offence againft the Laws* hath been or (hall, before the Trial or Trials of the Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively againft whom fuch Information or Examination hath been or (hall be given* be murdered or violently put to Death, or fo maimed or forcibly carried away and fecreted as not to be able to give Evidence on the Trial of the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch Information or Examination was given, the Information or Examination of fuch Perfon fo taken on Oath (hall be admitted in all Courts of Juftice in Ireland as Evidence on the Trial or Trials of the Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively againft whom fuch Information or Examination was given : Provided always, that the Information or Examination of a Witnefs fecieted (hall not be Evidence, unlcfs it (hall be found* on a collateral I flue, to be put to the Jury trying the Prifoncr, that the Perfon fo fecreted was fecreted by the Perfon then on Trial, or by fome Perfon or Perfons a6ting for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if it (hall appear that any Perfon having given Information or Evidence againft any Perfon or Perfons charged with any Offence againft the publick Peace, (hall have been murdered or maimed previous to the Trial of the Perfon or Perfons accufed by fuch Information or Evidence, or of any of them, or on account of any fuch Evidence given, or that any Magi-ftrate or other Peace Officer (hall be murdered or maimed on account of his Exertions as fuch Magiftrate or Peace Officer to bring Dif-turb^rs of the publick Peace to Juftice, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a Town or County of a City within which fuch Murder or maiming lhall have been committed refpe£tively, to prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall think juft and reasonable to be paid to the perfonal Re-_prelentative of (itch Witnefs, Magiftrate or Peace Officer who (hall be murdered, or to fuch Witnefs, Magi it rate or Peace Officer who (hall be maimed, having Regard to the Rank, Degree, Situation and Cir^umftances of fuch Witnefs, Magiftrate or Peace Officer, to be raffed on the County at large, Barony, Half Barony or Pariffi in which fuch Murder or maiming (hall relpe&ivcly have been perpetrated, at the Difcretion <ff fuch Grand Jury.

VII.	And be it fuither enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland to arreft and bring before him, or caufe to be arrefted or brought before him, any Stranger, fojoimiing or wandering, and to examine him or her on Oath refpeft-ing his or her Place of Abode, the Place from whence he or (he came, his or her manner of Livelihood, and his or her ObjeA or Motive for remaining or coming into the County, City or Town in which he or (he (hall be found, and unlefs he or (he (hall anfwer to the Satisfaction of fuch Magiftrate, or produce fufficient Security for his or her good Behaviour, fuch Magiftrate (hall commit him or her to Gaol or the Houfe of Correction, there to remain until he or (he (hall find fuch Security as aforefaid, or until he or (he (hall be difeharged by fuch Magiftrate: Provided always, that fuch Magi-Urate (hall, without Delay, after fuch Committal, tranfmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for

Informal inn* of Perfon* who Iodide Examinations, and 0oil 1 be murder d, &c, admitted as Evidence.

Where a Wlt-ncf*,&c. maimed On account of Evidence, &c. Grand Jury may prefent a Sum lor fu< h Perlon, nr their Ileprcfcu-utive.

rater rr*y arreft Stranger*, and examine them on Oath, and tranfmit RcjKirt to I^ord Lieutenant

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSid.

0.102,103.	50*	GEO.	III.

may

aA i adjacent Counties, &c*

Towers of extended to all Magiltaitw.

Limitation of Actions.

General I flue.

Treble Gift*.

for tke time being, a true and faithful Report of fuch Committal, and the Grounds and Reafons thereof, the Amount of Bail required, with the Examination of the Prifoner, and the Reafons alledged by him why he or (he (hould not be committed, which Tuch Magiftrate is required to take down in Writing, in order that fuch Perfop may be detained or difeharged, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being may feem right.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all Magiftrates of the adjacent Counties at large refpec-tively, to execute this Aft within the feveral Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin; and in like manner, that the feveral Magiftrates of fuch Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns (hall have like Powers to execute this Aft in the adjacent Counties at large.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties required from Magiftrates of Counties at large, under and by this Aft, fhall be and are hereby given to and required from all Magiftrates of Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland.

X.	And be it further ena6ted, That if any Aftion, Suit, Plaint or Information (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any Pcrfon or Perfons for what he or they (hall do in purfuance and Execution of this Aft, the fame (hall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and (hall be brought or laid within the County where the Aft was committed ; and fuch Perfon fo fued may plead the General I flue of Not Guilty, and upon Iffue joined, may give this Aft and the.fprcial Matter in Evidence; and if the Plain-iff or Profccutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear Profecution or fuffer a Difcontinuance, or if a Verdift or Judgment on Demurrer (hall pafs againft him, the Defendant (hall recover Treble Coils.

CAP. CIIT.

An A£l for repealing the feveral Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland \ and for re-enacling fuch of the Provifions thereof as have been found ufeful, with Amendments.

[_20th June 1810.]

*	TT 7 HERE AS the Provifions by Law eftabliihed for building’, 4 VV repairing and regulating the different Prifons in Ireland, 4 have been found infufficient, and are comprized in feveral Afts of

*	Parliament, fome of which relate chiefly’ to other Subjcfts For Remedy whereof, Be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the feveral Afts and Parts of Afts of Parliament here following; (that is to fay, an Aft pafled in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign

17 & is Car. 2. of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Ad for Relief of Poor V 8 a 'Prifoners 5 An Aft pafled in the Tenth Year of King IVilliam tht 3*	’	Third, intituled, An Ad for regulating the Fees of the Marjhal of the

Fnnr Courts, and for fettling the Rates of Lodgings, and Redrefs of other Alufes in the faid Marjhalfea, and tn the Marjlalfea of the City

Digitized by Google

A.D.1810.	50°	GEO.	III.	C.	103.

#/Dublin ; Fo much of in Aft parted in the Third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft for better preventing the Severities and unjuji Exactions prauifed by Gaolers againfi their Pri-foners v and for more effectually fupporting Profeeutions at the Suit of the Crown in Cafes of Felony and Treafon, as relates to the Fees and Conduct of Gaolers, and the Regulation and Improvement of Gaols ; fo much of an Act parted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent. Majefty, intituled, An AQ to enable Grand Juries to raife by Preferment Money for difcharging the Rents of Court Houfest Gaols and Offices, for keeping the Records of the refpeftive Counties, and for other Purpofes% as relates to the Gaols and Workhoufes or Hcufet of Corre&ion ; an Aft parted in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reiirn of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AQ for preferring the Health of Prifoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Dijtemper ; fo much of an Aft pa (Ted in the Twenty tirft and Twenty fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intit uled. An A3 for reviving, continuing and amending feveral temporary Statutes, as relates to the Allowance of Bread to Prifoners ; fo much of an Aft pafted in the faid Year, intituled. An A3 for enforcing the due Execution of the Laws now in being, and for th; better regulating the Publick Gaols and Pr fons in th rs Kingdom, and providing necejfary Accommodation for the Pcrfons confined therein, and for the more eJfeQual Adminijlration of Jujlicc at Sffi aiSy an I by Ju ft ices of the Peace in Cities and Counties of Cities within this Kingdom, as relates to Gaols or Gaolers, or any Prefentment for the fame; fo much of an Aft parted in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AQ for altering, amending and rendering more effeQual the Laws now in beings for regulating and managing the Publick Gaols and Prifons throughout this Kingdom, as relates to the building, repairing and regulating Gaols or to Gaolers ; fo much of an Aft parted in the Twenty fixth Year of thr Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A l for nuking, widening and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealin'* Parts of fever al Ads formerly made for that Purpofe, as relates to any Prefentment fur any of the Matters for which Prefen' men's are nuth >rized by this Aft ; an Aft parted in the faid Year, intituled. An Act for amending and carrying more effeQuaVy into force the feveral Laws now in being for regulating the Publick Gaols and Prifons throughout this Kingdom ; fo much of an Aft parted in the faid Year, intituled, An AQ to enable the Grand furies of the feveral Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns within this Kingdom, to grant fuel) Sums as lb all be neeffary for building and repairing Bridewtlls therein, as relates to the building, repairing or Government of Bridewells, or as to the Accommodations therein or to the Keepers thereof; fo much of an Aft parted in the Twenty fcventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to explain and amend the faid firft mentioned Aft of the Twenty fixth Year of the Re*gn of His prefent Majefty, as relates to any Prifons or Medicines for the fame, or any Infpeftors, Phyluians or other Officers thereof; an Aft parted in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AQ for the better Regulation of the Marjhalfea of tbe Four Courts in Dublin 5 fo much of an Aft parted *n the (aid Year, intituled, An AQ refpeQing the ColieQion of Publick Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Prefentment, M relates to the repairing of Gaols, and the Salary of the Chaplain

or

*87

3 G.3 (I.) c. 18. 7 G. 3. (I.) e.4.

17 & 18 G. 3.

(I.) C. 38.

31 & 93 O. 3. (1.) c. 40.

31&3lG.S.(l.) C. 43.

33 &34G.3. (I>) C. 42.

26G.3.(I.)c«14.

26G.3.(I.)c.27.

36G.3.(I.)c.4>.

37 G.3.(I.)c.39-

33G.3.(I.}c.3S» 38G.3.(I.)c. *6.

A

Digitized by Google

288

A.D.iEi#

C. 103;	50* GEO. IIL

or Ordinary of the New Prifon in Dublin 5 and fo much of an A6t 39G.4.(I.)c.*3. parted in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Act to pr emote the building of new Gaols, as relates to the building of Gaols ; all which faid Ads were parted in Ireland; 49	0	c.	xx.	and alfo fo much of an Ad parted in the Forty ninth Year of His

Majefly’s Reign, intituled, An A8 to alter and amend an Act of Par* liament of Ireland, puffed in the Thirty third Tear of His prefer.t Md-je/ly9 intituled, An Alt refpefling the Collection of Publicl Hloney9 to Ic levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Prefcntmentj and for the better Regulation of the Mode of I Ac cl on and Ofice of Treasurer of the Pullick Money of the City of Dublin, as relates to the Bills of Apothecaries for Medicines and Neeertaries provided for Pri-i). foncMS, or to any Presentment for the lame; lliail be repealed : Save fo far as the f:id Acts or any of them repeal any former Ad or Acts of Parliament, or any Claufe, Matter or Thing therein ; and alfo fave and except as to any Proceeding for the Puniffiment of any Perfon or Perfons for or in refped of any Offence or Offences which lliail before the Commencement of this Ad have been committed againll any One or more of the faid AHs ; and alfo fave and except that all and every Presentment and Prefentments made by any Grand Jury, and all and every Appointment or Appointments of any Officer or Officers or other Perfon to perform any Duties under the faid recited Ads or any of them, and ail and every Ad and Deed or Ads and Deeds which on or before the faid Day ffiali have been lawfully made or done under or by virtue of any One or more of the faid Ads, (hall Hand and be of the fame Force, Validity and Effcd (iinlefs herein exprefsly otherwife provided) as if this Ad had not parted ; ar.d alfo fave and except that all and every Medicines, Ne-ceflaries, Materials or Workmanffiip, which ihall have been lawfully furniffied or done under or by virtue of any One or more of the faid Ads, ffiali be paid for in the fame manner in all refpeds as if this Ad had not parted.

Vrt- II. And be it enaded, That every Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of r.r^hnnt Corredion, Marffialfea, Penitentiary Houfe, SherifPs Prifon and other (.lofiWof I’ri- Prifons in Ireland, of what Nature or Kind foever the fame ffiali be, f, Mel's, au«l other ffiali con fid of. Two feparate Parts, One for Male, and One for Fe-.'ViommuU* male Prifoners, with a complete Divifion between them fo as to prevent any Intercourse between the faid Male ar.d Female Prifoners ; and that to each of the faid Parts there ffiali be annexed and belong, ing a Yard of fufficient Dimenfiong to enable the faid Prifoners to have the Benefit of freffi Air and Exercife therein ; and that in every fucli Yard there ffiali be a Bath, and alfo a Neceflary Houfe or Privy to which fuch Prifoners refpedively ffiali have free Accefs at all times as far as the fame can be conrtltently with the fafe keeping of fuch Prifoners; and that there ffiali be in every fuch Yard a good Water Pump ; and that in every fuch Prifon there ffiali be a Common Hall or Kitchen for Males and another for Females; and that in every County Gaol there ffiali at the Male Side be Two Yards provided as aforefaid, One for Debtors and King’s Evidence and the other for Prifoners accufed of Crimes ; and Three Common Halls, One for Debtors and King’s Evidence, One for Perfons charged with Treafon or Felony and One for Perfons charged with or com vi&ed of inferior Offences ; and that the Apartments for the Prifoners in every fuch Prifon ffiali be dry and airy, and ffiali if poilible be fo

8	numeiout

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io«

50° GEO. III.

C.103.

289

numerous as to afford a feparate Room or Cell for each Prifoner to Deep in, and that in every Inch Prifon there (hall be One or more Room or Rooms, Cell or Cells, according to the Size of fuch Prifon, fit for the Reception and folitary Confinement of Perfons of infane Mind, or of outrageous Behaviour, as alfo a Chapel or Room appropriated for Religious Purpofes, and One or more Infirmary or Infirmaries, or Room or Rooms for the Reception of Sick Prifoners, with fuitable Rooms or Clofets belonging thereto refpeftiirely; and alfo One or more Room or Rooms fit for and which, (hall be appropriated to the Exercife of Trades and Induftry ; and it (hall not be lawful to build any Gaol or other Prifon in Ireland which (hall not be on fuch a Plan and df fuch Dimenfions as to afford ail and evejy the Accommodations and Advantages aforefaid refpeftively.

III.	And be it enafted, That all and every the Expence of build- Expencei of

ing, purchafing, procuring, altering, enlarging and repairing the	&c*

Marmalfea of the Four Courts in Dublin, and all and every Peniten- lh*Four'courts tiary Houfe or Houfes in Ireland (hall be difcharged, and all and ant| Penitentiary’ every Rent payable for or in refpeft thereof, or of the Ground or Houfes an I Rent Appurtenances thereof refpeftively, (hall be paid out of the Confo- raid out of Con-lidated Fund of Ireland\ and the faid Expences of all County Pri- wlidated fund of fons, whether Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correction, Sheriffs’

Prifons or otherwife, fhall be defrayed by the refpeftive Counties,

Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, by Preferments on the Gaols, &c paid faid Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, to be made by Prefcutrajuts. by the Grand Juries thereof refpeftively; (to wit) in the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, at the prefenting Terms, and in the other Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, at their refpeftive Aflizes, fave as hereinafter particularly mentioned.

IV.	And be it enabled, That all Prefentments by this AA required Prefentmeiu in

to be made in the County and County of the City of Dublin for the Dubliu to be in Purpofes of this Aft, (hall be good, valid and effeftual to all Intents addition to all and Purpofes, and (hall and may be paid and applied to the Purpofes	l	J

of this Aft, in addition to the Amount of any Prefentments which *

may by Law be made in the faid County and County of the City under and by virtue of any Aft or Ads in force in Ireland at the tii*e of the paffing of this Aft.

V.	Ar.d he it enafted, That it (hall, and may be lawful to and for Lord Lieutenant the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland toorder eularg-for the time being, to order and direft, whenever he or they (hall

think proper, that the faid Marfhalfea of the Four Courts (hall be ^	c*

altered, enlarged or repaired, or that a New Marfhalfea (hall be built on the fame or any other Scite or Situation, am! on any Plan comprizing the Accommodations and Advantages in that refpeft before mentioned, which he or they (hall think proper, and irt like manner that any Penitentiary Houfe or Houfes fh »ll be built, altered, enlarged or repaired at fuch time or times on fuch Plan or Plans comprizing the laid Advantages, and in fuch Place or Places as he or they (hall think proper, and to iffue his and their Order to the Board of Works for the executing of fuch Work accordingly, who (hall caufe the

fame to be executed according to fuch Order, in fuch by Contraft or otherwife, as (hall be direfted by fuch

fame to be executed according to fuch Order, in fuch whether

by Contraft or otherwife, as (hall be direfted by fuch r, and for Default of fuch Direction, then in fuch way as the faid Board (hall

think proper.

Geo. III.

U

VI. And

Digitized by

Google

103.

A.U.lKlO.



50* gjlu. ui.

Expenrvs for Coumy Prifons paid by Prnfent-mcnt on Co untie*.

Pipes to be laid

doH'U.

Tmvcrfe to Pre-fcntinenc.

'Smn found by Grand Jury tendered.

VI, And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries aforefaid, at the Affixes and Prefenting Terms refpcc-tively, and they are hereby required from time to time to enquire into the State of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correction, and other Prifons of their refpedtive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and if they (hall find them or any of them in want of Repair or deficient in any of the Accommodations or Advantages aforefaid, they are hereby empowered and required to prefent fuch Sum or Sums as (hall be deemed necefiary to remedy fuch Deficiency, whether by enlarging or altering the fame, or by providing a New Prifon in lieu thereof, or by building any new and additional Bridewell or Bridewells or Houfe or Houfes of Correction, or to effeCtuate fuch Repair as may be necefiary, and to contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for building, rebuilding, finifiiing, repairing, altering or enlarging any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction, or other Prifon as aforefaid, or any Buildings or Convcniencies belonging thereto, at a certain Sum, Payment or Allowance for the fame, fuch Contractor or Contractors giving fufficient Security by Recognizance in double the Sum to be contracted for, and to be approved of by fn^h Grand Jury for the due Performance thereof, to the refpcCtive Clerks of the Peace for fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town ; and it (hall be lawful for the Grand Jury at any A Hues or Prcfentirtg Term to prefent One or more Main or Mains or Pipes, of (uch Bote er Bores as they (hall think proper, to be laid in the mod convenient Line to convey Water to any luch Gaol or other Prifon whenever they (hall find it poffible and deem it expedient fo to do, and (hall have the Confent of the Owner or Owners of the Water fo to be conveyed, and accordingly at all times to convey Water through the fame, and to prefent fuch Sum or Sums as (hall be necefiary for the Purpofe, and alfo to prefent at each Spring Af-fizes or Eafier Term a reafonabie Sum to be raifed upon the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and paid as a Rent for the Ufe of the Water to be fo conveyed, if the fame (hall be demanded: Provided always, that if any Perion or Perfons (hall think they may be injured by the paffing of fuch Pipes or Watercourfes through their Lands, they may at the faid Term or Affizes or at the Term or Af-fizes immediately following, enter in open Court a Travcrfe to the faid Preferment, and the Jury trying fuch Travcrfe fhttll true Ver-di& give, whether any and what Damage will arife to the Perfon or Perfons fo traverfing, and the VerditV fo found (hall be conciu-five to the Party or Parties, and either in the fame or the next fuc-ceeding Term or Affizes the Grand Jury of the faid County, County of a City, or County of a Town, may prefent fuch Sum fo four.d, to be raifed upon the County at large and paid to fuch Traverfer or Travelers; and upon the Sum fo found being paid or tendered, it (ball be lawful for the Overfecrs or Perfons employed by them, to proceed to caufe the faid Main or Pipe to be laid or Watercourfe to be made ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any time obftnid the Overfeers or the Perfon or Perfons employed in laying fuch Main or Pipe or making fuch Watercourfe, and (hall be convi&ed thereof before any One Jultice of the Peace for the faid County, County of a City or County of a Town, either upon Confeilion of the Party accufed or upon the Oath of One credible Witaefs, every fuch Perfon (hall, for any fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five

Pounds,

Digitized by CjOOQle

5b0 GEO. ra.

C.103.	291

Pounds, to be paid to the Treafurer of the County, County of a City Penalty, or County of a Town, to be by him placed to the Credit of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be levied by Di&rels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Pcrfons fo offending, upon the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace before whom Complaint fhall be made.

VII.	And, the better to preferve fuch Pipe, Main or Watercourfe, Damaging Pipes, when laid or made, Be it enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons

(hill wilfully deflroy or injure any Part of the faid Pipe or Main or Watercourfe, or of any Pipe, Main or Watercourfe, through which Water fhall be conveyed to any Prifon in Ireland, or to any of the Yards or Buildings thereto belonging, fo as to prevent the Water from regularly and fully flowing to the fame, or fhall infert any Cock or Pipe into any Part of fuch Main, or make any Cut to divert the Water thereof to any other Purpofe, and fhall upon Indi&ment be convi&ed, thereof, he or they fhall be committed to the County Gaol, and fhall therein remain in clofe Confinement for One Year, or until he or (he fhall pay a Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Half thereof Penalty, to the Treafurer of the County, to be by him placed to the Credit of the County, and the other Half to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall difeover and caufe the faid Offender or Offenders to be convi&ed.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted and declared, That no- PlanofBuiWn* thing in this ACt fh til extend to authorize any fuch Grand Jury or to be epprov<*i Grand Juries, and that it fliall not be lawful tor any Grand Jury to hy Lord Ueute-begtn to build or rebuild any fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Cor- MUt* region, or any other Prifon, until the Plan and Scite thereof, and

alfo the Contrail or Contracts upon which the Came is propofed to be built or rebuilt, fliall have been previoufly agreed to and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and that it fhall not be lawful for the Grand Jury to vary or depart from the Plan fo agreed to and ap-

rrpaired, purchafed or taken at a Rent under this ACt, (hall be deemed and taken to be County Bridewells to all Intents and Purpofes, as if built under the Provifions of any of the ACts hereby entirely or m Part repealed.

X.	And whereas Fires or other fudden Accidents may happen How G*oU rein any of the faid Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correction, or other p*rcd in cde cf iVifons, and in fuch cafe it may be ncceffary that fuch Gaol, Bride- Ac«dent>. well, Houfe of Correction, or other Prifon, fhould be repaired before there can be any Opportunity to mike Provifion for the fame as aforefaid; Be it enaCted, That in cafe any Fire or other fudden Accident fhall happen in any of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correction, or other Prifons aforefaid, it fhall and may he lawful to and for the High Sheriff or Sheriffs of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, to caufe an EAunate and Valuation to be then forthwith made of the Sum necefiary to be expended on the Repair and Prefervation of inch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction, or other Prifon, and that thereupon it fliall and may be lawful for any Three or more Juftices of the Peace for fuch County, Jullices of Pcacp County of a City or County of a Town, after having jointly in- wake Order, fpe&ed the faid Damage, to make an Order under their Hands and Seals on the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City or County

proved.

IX. And be it enaCted, That all Bridewells which (hall be built, BrideweU*.

U 2

of

t. 103.

5©~ UEU. III.

AJJ.lglO.

Vr^fcntmfnt for Kent ni Gaols, Lc.

Pxpenccs prelent eti and raifed by Half-) early lalUllitenvs.

lord Lieutenant to advance to Trrafuren of Counties the flints prefen led, to be re|«id out of fncli InlUI-mcnis.

of a Town, to pay or advance to any Perfon or Perfons fpecified in fuch Order, fuch Sum or Sums as may be neceffary to complete fuch Repair, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which Sum or Sums the faid Treafurer is hereby required to pay, provided he has in his Hands Money of the faid County, County of a City or County of a Town, fufficient for that Purpofe, which Sum fo paid fliall be replaced by Presentment to be made for that Purpofe, in manner orefaid, at the fir ft Opportunity which (hall occur after the Payment thereof.

XI.	And be it enabled. That in every County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which a certain Rent is or (hall be payable for the Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corre&ion, or other Prifon of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Part thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, the Grand Juries of fuch Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns re-fpedively, at their Aflizes or Presenting Term, (hall prefect yearly fuch Rents to be raifed upon their refpe&ive Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns ; and the Money fo prefented and confirmed as aforefaid, (hall be raifed and paid to fuch Perfons to whom fuch Rents are or fhall be refpettively payable, without any Dedu&ion whatfoever.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That if at any time it (hall be thought proper to build a new Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction, or other Prifon, and the Sum which (hall be neceffary for that Purpofe (hall be greater than it may be proper to raife on any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in One Half Year, then, and in ever) fuch Cafe, it fhall be lawful to prefect in the firft Inftance the whole Sum t^ be expended therein; and to dire& in and by fuch Prefentment that the lame (hall be taifed on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, by any Half-yearly or yearly Sums or Inilalments, in manner and at the times therein fpecified, and the fame (hall be fo raifed accordingly : Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for any fubfequent Grand Jury to prefent that any of the faid Inftalments fhall be increafed to any Sum that (hall be found neceffary or proper.

XIII.	And, for the more fpeedy Completion of any fuch Work, Be it ena&ed, That as foon as fuch Prefentment (hall be made, or at any time or times after the making of fuch Prefentment, and before the Completion of fuch Work, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he or they (hall think proper fo to do, to caufe to be advanced out of the Confolidated Fund to the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of fuch Prefentment, the whole of the Sum fo prefented, or fo much thereof as (hall not have been raifed or received at the time of fuch Advance, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof; fuch Sum or Sums to be applied by fuch Treafurer to the Purpofes of fuch Prefentment, in the fame manner ir. all Refpe&s as if the fame had been raifed by or under the fame, and to be repaid bv fuch Treafurer for the time being to the Colle&or of Excife of the biftrift, but without Intereft, out of fuch Inftalment or Infialments as may be fpecified at the tirre of advancing the fame, a Certificate whereof (hall be given without Stamp by fuch Treasurer at the time of receiving fhch Money ; atid that if any Perfon

of

Digitized by Google

50° GEO, III,	C.	103.	293

•r Perfona (hall at any time think proper to advance any fuch Sum or Sums on the faid Terms, then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Trea-furer for the time being (hall give* to every Perfon fo making fuch Advance, a Certificate of fuch Advance without any Stamp, dating therein out of what yearly or Half-yearly Inftalment or Inftalments, and in what Proportions, if in more than One Inftalment, the fame it to be repaid; and the fame (hall be fo repaid accordingly by fuch Treafurer for the time being, to fuch Perfon, his Executors or Ad-mini ft rators.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed, That when any Prefentment (hall be Appointment of made for building, enlarging or altering any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe Commiffionew of Corredion, or other Prifon as aforefaid, it (hall and may be

lawful for the Grand Jury making fuch Prefentment, to appoint not lefs than Six nor more than Twelve Perfons to be Commifiioners for cauftng the faid Prefentment to be carried into Execution and Effect; and if they (hall not do fo, or if any of the Perfons fo appointed (hall die, or (hall ceafe to a6t as fuch Commiflioner before fuch Work (hall be completed, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for any fucceeding Grand Jury to appoint fuch Commifiioners, or to complete the Number thereof, as the cafe may require, or to add to the lame, but fo as that there (hall not at any one Time be more than Twelve fuch Commiflioners; and any Three or more of fuch Commifiioners (hall be in all Cafes com* petent to do any Ad which the Whole of the faid Commifiioners qould or might lawfully do.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifiioners after Graml June* fuch Prefentment made as aforefaid (hall give Notice of fuch Pre- n»y make I on-fentment having been made Three Times at lead in fome publick ***&*• Newfpaper circulating in or near the County, County of a City or

County of a Town, of their Intention of contrading with any Per-fon or Perfons for building, rebuilding, repairing, finifiiing, altering or enlarging any fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corre&ion, or other Pnfon, or for the laying fuch Main or Pipe to fuch Gaol*

Bridewell, Houfe of Corredion or other Prifon as aforefaid, or for doing any Part or Parts of any fuch Work, and every fuch Con-trad or Contrads (hall be made at the mod reafonable Price or Prices which (hall be propofed by fuch Contraftor or Contradors, as (hall be deemed by the faid Commifiioners the mod proper and reftponfible Perfons to carry fuch Contrad or Contrads into Execution refpedively; and all Contrad or Contrads when agreed upon and confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant in manner aforefaid, (nail be entered by the Clerk to the faid Commifiioners, in a Book to be kept by the faid Commifiioners, which Book, when fuch Works are completed, (hall by the faid Clerk to the Commifiioners be delivered to the refpedive Clerks of the Peace for the time being, who are hereby required to keep the fame among the Records of tho County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be from time to time infpeded at all reafonable Times by any Grand Jurors in their refpedivc Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Tom**, or by any Perfon or Perfons employed or to be employed b*y or \ on Behalf of any fuch County, County of a City or County of-v ,

Town, without Fee or Reward.	%

XVI.	And be it enaded. That all and every the Graiid Juries Grand Junra aforefaid, after Prefentment made as aforefaid, (hall have {fell Power may rent™

U 3	and	chafc Hottlcs»

Digitized by

GfOUSMb, &e. adjoining, to cr-largc Gao! , See.

Perfons intcr-efleii ma> tell.

Jury fummonc'l if KrfufaJ to fell, &c.

Fanncl.

29 G. 2. (I.)

c.6.

aod Authority tp rent or purchafe any Iioufes, Bjuildings, Land** Tenements or Hereditaments which may be neceffary for the Scite of fuch new Gaol or other Prifon or adjoining to fuch old Gaol or other Prifon, for the Purpofe of enlarging the lame, or the Courts or Outlets thereunto belonging, and to diredl the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo rented or purchafed, to be conveyed to fuch Commillioners as the faid Grand Jury oj- Grand Juries {hall have fo appointed as aforefaid, ar.d to their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, in trull and for the Ufes and Purpofes aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Trutteea, Guardians of Infants, Committees of Lunaticks or Idiots, Femes Covert with their Hufbands,'and all other Perfons whatfoever, who are or (hall be feifed or poffefled of, interelled in, or entitled unto any Eftate sr Intereft in any manner whatfoever in the Grounds, Houfes, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings, which by the faid Grand Juries refpedlively {hall be thought neceuary to be rented or purchafed, for any of the Purpofes of this A61, by Deeds indented and inrolled, to demife, fell and convey all or any fuch Grounds, Houfes, Tenements, Edifices, Ere6lions or Buildings, or any Part thereof and all the refpe6tive Eftates and Interefts therein, to the faid Commillioners and their Heirs and SuccefTors; and that all Conr tracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances which (hall be fo made by fuch Perfons as aforefaid, fhall be good and valid in the Law to ail Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and that fucli Coxnmif-fioners aud their Heirs and SuccefTors fhall be Truftees of all fuch Houfes, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as fhall be conveyed to or veiled in them, under or by virtue of this Adi, for the Pur-pofes herein provided, and no other.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Perfon or Perfons having or claiming to have any Eflate, Title, Term or Intereft in or to fuch 'Grounds, Houfes, Tenements, Edifices, Eredlions or Buildings as •aforefaid, or any Charge, Lien or Incumbrance thereon, fhall refute to agree with the faid Grand Juries refpedlively, for the Sale aud Conveyance of their refpedive Rights, Terms and Interefts therein, or fhall not produce or evince a clear Title to fuch Eftate, Rights, Titles, Terms or Interefts, as they fhall or may fo claim, or if the faid Grand Juries refpedively fhall be ignorant who are entitled to the fame, then, and in every or any fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered aud authorized from time to time to iflue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or Cuunty of a Town, who is hereby authorized, diredled and required accordingly to impanuel, fummon and return a competent Number of fubftantial Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries not iefs than Sixty, out of which Perkins fo to be empanaelled, fummoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Perfons (hall be draws, by fume Perfon to be by the faid Coxmniffioners or any Three or more of them appointed, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trials of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Four Courts at DuUio, by an Adi made in Inland in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An A8

for

Digitized by

Google

50° GEO. III.	C.	103.	29$

for the better regulating Juries, are dire&ed to be drawn, which Per-Tons fo to be empannelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, at Tush Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Tre epts, (hall be dire&ed and appointed, and to attend the faid Commilfioncrs, or any Three or more of th^m, till difeharged by them ; and all Perfons concerned (hall and *^n7nifn he may have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array.	Array.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafe9 of Trials by On default of Juries before the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, Twelve Jurors, where a full Jury (hall not appear before them, or \\ here, after the ot^e"^um" Appearance of a full Jury, it (hall fo happen, either by means of moue Challenges or otherwife, that there (hall be a Default of Twelve Jurors for fuch Trial, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, to command the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to em-pannel fo many other Perfons as (hall make up a full Jury of Twelve Men, which Perfons fo to be empannelled (hall be added to the former Pannel; and all Parties interefted in fuch Trials (hall have their Challenges to the Jurors fo added to the former Pannel as if they had been originally fummoned; and the faid Commiflioners, or any Three Liberty of calling or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept Wiiucflea. or Precepts, from time to time, as Occafion (hall require, to call before them all and every Perfon and Perfons whatfoever who (hall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined as a Witnefs or Wit-nefles before them, on their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premifes ; and the faid Commiflicners, or any Three or more of Commiflionera them, if they (hall think lit, (hall and may likewife authorize and re- may authorize quire the faid Jury to view the faid Grounds, Houfes, Tenements Jurytoview. or Buildings intended to be valued or purchafed ; and the faid Com-miffloners, or any Three or more of them, (hall have Power to ad- Power of Adjourn fuch Meeting from Day to Day and Place to Place, as Occa- joyrameiit. fion (hall require, and to command fuch Jury, Witnefles and Parties to attend until the Buflnefs for which they (hall be fo fummoned by virtue of this A& (hall be concluded ; and the faid Jury (hall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and empowered to adminifter) fairly, truly and impartially enquire of the Value of fuch Grounds, Houfes, Tenements and Buildings, and of the re-fpc&ive Eftate, Right, Title, Term and Intereft of every Perfon or Perfons feifed or poflefled thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and (hall aflefs or award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe of fuch their refpeftive E(fates, Right , Titles, Terms and Interefts, and (hall alfo enquire, afeertain and find all and all manner of Charges and ^Incumbrances and Liens thereon, and the Amount of the Sum or Sums due thereon refpe&ively, and whac Eftate and Eftates therein are fubjeft to any fuch Liens or Charge ; and the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, (hall and may give Judgment for fuch Sum and Sums fo to be aflefled as and for the Value of the faid feveral Eftates in the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for the Payment thereof refpe&ively in manner hereinafter mentioned;

U 4	which

A.D.i8io.

Notice.

Party not found,

&c.

Judgments written on Paifck-ment.

Proceedings re-g,ft* red.

Conveyance made on Payment.

When Tides not cleir, 8cc. Pur-chaft Money lodged in Bank of Ireland.

C. 103.	50°	GEO. III.

which faid Verdi& or Verdi&s, and the faid Judgment, Decree or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being firft given to the the Perfon or Perfons interefted, at leaft Fourteen Days before the time of the Firft Meeting of the faid Jury, declaring the Time and Place of fuch Meeting of the Commiflioners and Jury, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at his, her or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Hotifcs, Buildings or Ground intended to be valued or a He fled, in cafe fuch Party (hall not be known or cannot be found in the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and alfo in the Dublin Gazette) fhall be binding and concluflve to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, againft all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert and Perfons under any legal Difability, and againft all and every Perfon and Perfons whatfoever, his, her or their Heirs, Succeflors, Executors and Ad-miniftrator3 having or claiming to have or claim any Eftate, Right, Truft, Ufe or Intcrcft in, to or out of the faid Grounds, Houfes, Tenements, Buildings and Premifcs, cither in Poflefiion or Reverlion, Remainder or Expe&ancy, or in any manner whatfoever, or any Charge, Lieu or Incumbrance thereon ; which faid Verdi&s, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the faid Commif-fioners, and fuch Judgments, to be made, given and pronounced ;as aforefaid, (hall be fairly written 011 Parchment, and figned and fealed by the major Part of the faid Commiflioners who were prefent and pronouncedJuch Judgments and Decrees; and all Verdidts of the faid Juries, and all Judgments, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners, (hall be entered in the Rolls Office of Hi# Majcfty’s High Court of Chancery in lrelanil> and the fame, or true Copies thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be good Evidence thereof in any Court of Law or Equity whatfoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of fuch Sum and Sums of Money fo to be awarded and adjudged as follows; (that is to fay) Firft, in or towards the Payment and Difcharge of the Sums due on the faid Charges, Incumbrances and Liens, if any fo found, to affrft the feveral Eftates therein refpe&ively, and then to the Owners of the faid Eftates refpe&ively, if any (hall remain for that Purpofe, that the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be fo found and adjudged to be the Owners of the faid feveral EftateB of and in the faid Grounds, Houfes, Tenements or Buildings refpe&ivcly, and alfo the Owners of the faid Incumbrances, Charges and Liens refpe&ively, (hall make and execute or procure to be made and executed to the faid Commilfionera and their Heirs and Succeflbrs a good and fuf-ficient Conveyance or Conveyances, thereby granting, releafing or affigning to them the faid Grounds, Houfes, Tenements or Buildings, and all luch Eftate, Right, Title, Term or Intcreft therein, or Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon fo awarded as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not be able to evince his, her or their Title to the Premifcs, or to any fuch Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, or make or procure or be made fuch valid and legal Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, or (hall refufe fo to do, being thereunto, required, and luch Sum or Sums fo aflefled and awarded as aforefaid* being tendered to be paid in manner aforefaid, on their making fuck Title and executing or procuring to be executed fuch Conveyance or Conveyances as aforefaid* or iu cafe fuch Perfou or Perfons cannot be

found

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

50° GEO. III.	C. 103,	297

found in the faid County, or in cafe, by reafon of Difputes or Differences, or for Defeat of Evidence, it fhall not appear to the faid Commiflioners or Jury what Perfon or Perfons is or are entitled to the Premifes in queftion, or to any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, or whether any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien appearing to them by the Regittry or otherwifc to have exifted, remains either in the whole or in part in force or undifcharged, then, and in every fuch cafe, as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miffioners, or any Three or more of them, to pay into and depofit in the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery of Ireland, the Sum or Sums fo affeffed or awarded as the Value of and Purchafe Money for the faid Grounds, Houfes, Tenements and Buildings, or any particular Eitate or Interefl therein ; and the faid Court of Chancery is hereby em- Court of Chan-powered in a fuminary way, upon the feveral Petitions of the refpec-i ^V^detcriLi2^ thre Parties, to hear, judge of and determine, as well by Examination of Witneffes upon Oath as* by all Ways and Means which the faid Court fhall think proper, the feveral Rights, Claims and Demands of all Perfons interefted in or unto the feveral Grounds, Houfes,

Tenements and Buildings which fhall be fo valued and of which the Price fhall be fo paid into the faid Bank, and alfo of all Perfons having or claiming to have any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon as aforefaid, and to afeertain and make Orders for the Payment unto fuch Perfon and Perfons refpe&ively, according to their feveral Inte-rtfts, EHates «ud Claims aforefaid, as the faid Court of Chancery fhall judge fit, without any Deduction for Poundage, which Orders in fuch cafe fhall be final and conclufive upon all Perfons and Bodies Final, whatfoever 5 and immediately upon fuch Payments and Entry of fuch Verdi&s of the faid Juries, and Judgments and Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, the faid Grounds, Houfes, Tenements, Buildings and Premifes fhall veil in the faid Commiflioners and their Heirs, and they fhall be deemed in Law to be in the adtuai Scifin and Poffeflion thereof to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, an fully and effectually as if every Perfon having any Eitate in the Premifes in Poffeflion, Remainder, Reverlion or Expectancy, or any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, was of full Age and of found Mind and Memory, and had actually and duly conveyed the fame to the faid Truflees by Leafe and Releafe, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seifin, Fine and Recovery, or by any ether legal Conveyance whatfoever.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Feme Covert is Femes Coven or (hall be feifed in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail of any fuch Lands, Med in Fee Tenements or Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid by the ^imple, fvc. faid Commiflioners, or of any Interefl in the fame, or of any Charge,

Incumbrance or Lien thereon, to her feparate Ufe, free from the Controul or Intermeddling of her Hufband, the Purchafe Money to

which fuch Feme Covert fhall become or be entitled as aforefaid, fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhe fhall in Writing under her Hand nominate to receive the fame, in truft to be re-invelted in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be conveyed as aforefaid, and fettled for fuch Ufe, Eitate and Interefl as the fame Feme Covert had in the Premifes fo purchafed.

XXII.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Pronfo.

fuch '

Digitized by

Google ^

A.D.i8io.

198

C. 103.

jo0 GEO. III.

fiich Charge, Incumbrance or Lien (hall alfo extend over and be a Charge, Incumbrance or Lien on any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments other than thofe which (hall be fo conveyed to or veiled in the laid Commiflioners, then, and in fuch cafe, neither this Aft nor any Conveyance to be made as aforefaid, fhall in any Refpeft dif-charge, affeft or alter the Force, Validity or EfFeft of fuch Charge, Incumbrance or Lien fo far as relates to fuch other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but that as to all fuch the fame (hall continue to be a good, valid and fubii fling Charge, Incumbrance and Lien for fo much thereof as (hall remain unpaid, in the fame manner in all re-fpefts as if this Aft or any thing done under the fame had not exiftcd, but not further or otherwife. fomeyance	XXIII.	And	be	it	further enafted, That the Conveyance of any

inrolled.	EAate or Intcreft to the faid Commiflioners and their Heirs and Suo

ceflors, by Bargain and Sale, and inrolled in the Rolls Office of His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery in Ireland, within Six Months after making thereof, (hall as effeftually and abfolutely convey the Eftate of the Perfon fo conveying as any Fine or Recovery would or could do if levied or fuffered in due Form of Law.

Tenant at Will, XXIV. And be it further enafted, That every Tenant at Will &c. 10 dciiver up or Leflee for a Year or from Year to Year only, in Pofleflion of any Pofleflion. fuch Grounds, Houfes or Buildings, or any Part thereof, which (hall be purebafed as aforefaid, (hall deliver up the Pofleflion of fuch Premifes immediately to the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the find Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, (hall appoint to take pofleflion of the fame, in cafe the faid Commif-(ioners, or any Three of them, or fuch Perfon authorized by them, (hall pay or tender to him, her or them, Six Months Rent of the faid Premifes, at the Rate payable by fuch Tenant for his entire Holding, or in cafe the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, (hall give him, her or them Six Months Notice to quit fuch Pofleflion of fuch Part, in the fame manner as the Landlord of fuch Tenant might give him Notice to quit Pofleflion of the entire Holding, then fuch Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion, fhall, at the End of the faid Six Months, at whatever time of the Year the fame (hall be, or as foon after as he or they (hall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pofleflion of the faid Premifes to the faid Commiflioners, or to any other Perfon or Perfons authorized by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, to take Poflcf-lUfufinff.	(ion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion

Proceedings. as aforefaid (hall refufe to give up Pofleflion as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them as aforefaid, to iflue thoir Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriff’s of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which fuch Tenements (hall be, commanding him or them by virtue of this Aft lo deliver Pofleflion of the faid Premifes to fuch Perfon as fhall in fuch Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame, and the faid Sheriff or Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver fuch Pofleflion of the faid Premifes accordingly.

Coft*,&c. paid XXV. And be it further enafted, That all Sums of Money or byCwnnutliunCTs other Recompence, Confideration or Satisfaftion to be paid and made allowed.	purfuant to any fuch Agreement or Verdift as aforefaid, and all fuch

Cofts, Charges and Expences, as the faid Commiflioners or their Heirs or Succeflbrs, or any of them (hall be at, or pat to, in the

Execution

AJ).i8io-

2 99

50° GEO. III.	C. 103.

Execution of the Trufts and Powers hereby vetted in them, (hall be paid by the Treafurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, out of the Sums fo prefented as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be law- ShrriflT. ftc. mak-ful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of '"5 Default, them, from time to time, to impofe any reafonable Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy

or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents refpeftively, who (hall make default in the Premifes, and on any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be fura-moned and returned on any fuch Jury or Juries who (hall not appear* and alfo on any Witncfs or Witneffes who (hall not attend, or (hall refufe to be fworn or to give Evidence to the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, or to any Jury fo impannelled before

them,	and on any Perfon or Perfons fummoned and returned on any fuch Jury or Juries who (hall refufe to be fworn on any fuch Jury or Juries, or to give his, her or their Verditf, or (hall in any other manner wilfully avoid or negleCt his or their Duty in or touching the Premifes, and from time to time to levy fuch Fine or Fines by Order Penally, of the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them as aforefaid,

as the Cafe may require, by Dili refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together with the reafonable Charges of every fuch Dittrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all fuch Fines which (hall be fo recovered and received fhall be applied to the Purpole of fuch Preferment.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall and may be law- Commiffioaentt* ful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, tPlx,iot»

at any time or times hereafter, under .their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint fuch Perfou to be and att as their Clerk as they fhall think tit, for fuch Matters as may be neceffary to be done in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the faid Commiffioners, provided that no fuch Clerk fhall at any time be a Commiffioncr under this ACt, and that fuch Clerk fhall from time to tune be removable, and may be removed at the Will and Pleafure of the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, by Inflrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that the faid Com- Salary, miffioners, or any Three or more of them, fhall and may make fuch Allowance or Salary unto fuch Clerk for his Care and Pains in the Execution of his faid Office or Offices out of the Money fo prefented, as the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, fhall think reafonable, not exceeding in any One Year Thirty Pounds:

Provided always, that as fooo as the Building or other Work for ptovifo. which fuch Commiffioners fhall have been fo appointed as aforefaid (ball be completed, and the Accounts of the fame finally patted,

then,	and in every fuch cafe, the Office, Appointments and Powers of the faid Commiffioners and of fuch Clerks fhall ceafe and determine.

XXVIII.	And be it enaCted, That where a Sum not exceeding Sum* to be raid

One hundred Pounds fhall be duly prefented as aforefaid for building JV *dv**£e to any fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction, or other Prifon or	01

any Addition thereto, or for making any Alterations or Repairs

therein, it fhall be lawful for the Grand Juij at the fame or any fub-Sequent Affixes or Term, to prefent that fuch Part of the Sum fo

Erefented as they may judge proper, fhall be paid in advance to the lid Commiffioners fo appuiuted to cooduft the Execution of fuch

Works,

Digitized by

Google



Comniitfioners

W ttClOUlifc

Ap]>nivn! by (jraud Jar), &c.

Cnmmiflioners may raifc Gravel.

JVifoners to be removed to new Gaols when

built.

Works, or any One or more of them, upon his or their entering into a Recognizance before the Court in double the Sum fo to be advanced* conditioned that he or they (hall apply the Money fo to be advanced for tlie Purpofes for which the fame was fo prefented and none other* and that he or they (hall, at the next and every fucceeding Affixes or Term refpe&ively, juftly and fairly accbunt for the fame according to Law, until the whole of fuch Money (hall be finally accounted for* and that he or they, or his or their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftra-tors, (hall at any time pay to the Treafurer for the time being of the faid County, County of a City oi* County of a Town, any Balance or Part of fuch Money which (hall not by fuch Accountant appear to have been applied for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch Commiffioners (hall* at every enfuing Affixes or Term as aforefaid, lay before the Grand Jury and the Court a juft and fair Account in Writing of all and every Expenditure and Expenditures of fuch Money fo to be advanced to them, and the particular Purpofes for which the fame was expended, and the Quantities and Price of each Material bought therewith ; and fuch Account (hall be verified by Affidavit in Writing at the Foot thereof, to be made in open Court by One of the faid Commiffioners, and (hall (late that the whole of the Money' was fo expended for the foie Purpofe of executing the Work fo prefented purfuant to the Prefentment thereof; and when any fuch Work (hall be finilhed, and the Accounts of the faid Commiffioners approved of and palled by the Grand Jury and the Court, it (hall be ordered that all fuch Recognizances fo entered into (hall be vacated on the laft Day of the next Affizes or Term, and they (hall be vacated accordingly, unlefs upon fome fufficient Complaint laid before the Court or the Grand Jury fufficient Caufe (hall appear to induce the Court to make an Order te the contrary; and provided if there be any Balance unexpended, a Certificate of the Treafurer of the County* County of a City or County of a Town, (hall be laid before the Grand Jury and the Court, fetting forth that he had received the faid Balance and applied it to the Credit of the County, County of a City or County of a Town*

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That all Commiffioners or other Perfons duly authorized or employed in or for the building, altering* enlarging or repairing any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corre&ioo, or other Prifou in Ireland, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, (hall, for fuch Purpofe, have all and fingular the fame Powers of raif* ing and carrying away Sand, Gravel, Stones, Earth or other Materials as are or (hall from time to time be given by any Laws or Law

. in Force in Ireland, to the Overfears of the publick Roads, and fub-je6l to the fame Regulations and Reftriftions.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That whenever any new Gaol, or other Prifon fo to be built and ere&ed as aforefaid, (hall be made fit for the Reception and fafe keeping of fuch Prifoners as may be lawfully confined and imprifoned therein, and the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, (hall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, or to either of fuch Sheriffs where there (hall be Two, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Sheriff or Sheriffs to remove to fuch new Gaol all fuch Prifoners as (hall be then in CuL tody, who may lawfully be confined and imprifoned therein.

XXXII. An*

Digitized by

Google

AD.i8io.

50° GEO. IIlw

C. 103.	301

XXXII.	And be it further enaCted, That whenever at any Affizes Pnfoncrs to he

or Term it (hall be ordered by the Court of King’s Bench or Judges "moved dnring or Judge of Afiize, that the Prifoners confined in any Gaol, Bridewell,	c*	°

Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, or any of them, (hall be removed

for the Purpofe of repairing fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, or otufing the Materials thereof, in building a new Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, purfuant to anv Prefentment for Aich Purpofe, or whenever on any fudden Accident an Order (hall be made by Three Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid for the Repairs of fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, and fuch Order (hall direCt the Removal of the Prifoners therein or any of them for the Purpofes of making fuch Repair $ then, and in any of the faid Cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the Sheriff or Sheriffs of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, to remove fuch Prifoners to any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon belonging to fuch County,

County of a City or County of a Town, or to fuch other Place or Places as, with the Confent of the faid Sheriff, (hall be fpecified in any fuch Order, and to confine them during the time fuch new Gaol,

BrideweU, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon (hall be building, or old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon repairing 5 and when any fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon fo under Repairs (hall be made fit for the Reception and Safekeeping of fuch Prifoners, and the lame (hall be certified by the Com- of imflioners thereof, if any, or any Two of them, or by any Three raoval certified. Juftices of the Peace of fuch County, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Sheriff to remove thither all fuch Prifoners as (hail be then in his Cuftody, and may lawfully be confined and be imprifoned therein ; and the Expence of fuch Removal or Removals in any of the Cafes aforefaid, and any Expcnce the faid Sheriff (hall be put to, for or by means of the fafe Cuftody of the faid Prifoners or any of them in fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, to which they may have been removed for any of the tempoiary Purpofes aforefaid, (hall be allowed and paid by fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town ; and any fuch Removal or Removals (hall not be deemed or taken to be an Efcape.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That when any new Gaol, Gaols

Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, fo to be built and or Addition* ereCted, for any County, County of a City or County of a Town,	^

or any old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon ino. to ebuntf' thereof, which (hall require any Addition thereto, (hall be or be iv&rrcin fituucdl fituate within the Limits of any other County, County of a City or

County of a Town, then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch new Gaol,

Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or otner Prifon, and all Additions which (hall be fo made to fuch old Gaol Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, together with the Ground whereon the fama (hall be built refpectively, and all Courts, Yards, Out-offices, Buildings, and other Appurtenances thereto belonging, (hall, from the time of receiving Prifoners into fuch new Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, or of completing fuch Addition, be deemed, taken and adjudged to be Part ot the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifoo (hall belong, to all Intents and Purpofes i and whenfoever any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or

other

Digitized by

A.D.i8io.

When nrw Gaols , old CMS to be fold*

Purdiafe Money paid to County Treafure*.

11. nv Curnmif-

lioDtnt to u& where no regular ( (nivoawc of I mIi , or vvhere H, t^e.

Provlfo.

c. 103.	50°	GEO.	III.

other Prifon of any County, (hall ceafe to be a Prifon of fuch County* County of a City or County of a Town* and (hall be fituate within the Limits of any other County, County of a City or County of a Town, then, and in every fueh Cafe, fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, with all it* Appurtenances, (hall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the Countv, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein the fame fhall be fo fituate ; any Charter, Law or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That after any new Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correft ion or other Prifon (hall be ere&ed and made fit for Reception of Prifoners, it (hall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, at any Affixes or Presenting Term, with the Confent of the Court, to pre-fent the old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, and the Ground or Soil thereof, to be fold by publick Cant, for fuch Eftate or Iutereft as fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Perfon or Perfons in trull for the fame, poflefs therein ; and the Money arifing from fuch Sale fhall be paid to the County Treafurer for the Ufc of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, or it fhall be lawful for the faid Grand Jury to prefent the faid old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon to be a Bridewell, Workhoufe, Houfe of Induftrv, or Houfe of Correction or oiher Prifon of any other Description for the faid County.

XXXV.	And be it enabled, That whenever it fhall appear that Land has been given for the Scite of any old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, without regular Conveyance of Title, or that the Deeds of Conveyance have been loll or deflroyed, or that by the Deceafe of Truflees or the Heirs of the Surviving Truftee, or from any other Caufe, no Perfon exills qualified to convey the legal Title to luch old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corre&i''n or other Prilon, to any Purchafer, then, and in fuch Cafe, if the Gaol of PremiSes to be fold as aforefaid have been ufed as a Gaol for at lead Seven Years, the Commiffioner9 appointed according to this Ad for the Purchafe of a new Scite for a Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of CorreCtion, or other Prifon, {hall be deemed and are hereby confti-tuted legal Owners ot the old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of CorreCtion or other Prifon, in Fee or Fee Tail, or for fuch Term or Time as the fame was originally granted for; and if no fuch Grant is known to have exilted, then in Fee Simple, upon trull however to contract with a Purchafer and fell the fame, and execute all Deeds and Conveyances neceflary for that Purpofe, and give a fufficicnt Receipt for the Purchafe Money: Provided always, that fuch old Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon fhall be fold to the bed Bidder, after having been advertifed for that Purpofe in the Dublin Gazette or Some other Dublin Newfpaper for Three Months at lead before the Terms of Sale fhall be accepted, which Adver-tifcments the Treafurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town (hall caufe to be inferted and paid for, end for which he fhall be repaid with lawful Intered, together with all Cod* and Charges, out of the fird Monies produced by fuch Sale; and after deducing fuch Money, and alfo the Expense attending the Sale, the Money produced thereby fhall be applied to the Purchafe of the

new

Digitized by

Google

3°3

A.D.1810.	jo*	GEO.	III.	C.	103,

new Scite, and to building the new Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe or Correction of other Prifon.

XXXVI.	And be it ena&ed, That when the Gaols, Bridewell*, Houfes of Corre&ion or other Prifons of Two Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, fhall have been united and joined, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the faid Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or either of them, to prefent fuch Sums as they (hall think lit for the building a new Gaol or Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correction or other Prifons, for the faid Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or either of them, either together or feparately, as the faid Grand Juries refpec-tively (hall think proper, in the fame manner in all refpeCls; and the rcfpe&ive Parts thereby (hall be fubjed to all the fame Rules, Conditions and Confequences as if the fame were feparate.

XXXVII.	And be it enaCtcd, That whenever an Order (hall be iflued in manner aforefaid to the Board of Works for the building or enlarging of the Marfhalfea of the Four Courts, or any Penitentiary Houfe or Houfes as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoint any Number of Perfons not lefs than Six, nor more than Twelve, to be Commiflioners for the Purpofe of dire&ing and fuper-intending fuch Work, and to till up from time to time in like manner all Vacancies that (hall occur amongil the faid Commiflioners by Death, Refignation or otherwife 5 and thcit the faid Commiflioners fo appointed (hall have all and every the like Powers in all refpeds as to making Purchafes, empannelling Juries, pronouncing Judgments, and all and every other the Matters and Things aforefaid ; and all Things done by them or any other Perfon or Perfons or Court, in purfuance of or under and in obedience to their faid Powers, (hall be of the like Force, Validity and EfFeA in ail refpedts whatfoever, as concerning the Commiflioners appointed by the faid Grand Juries, or any Proceedings by or before them, is hereinbefore enacted.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Kind’s Bench in Term Time, and to and for any Judge of the faid Court in Vacation, either on the fiiiiThing of a new Marfhalfea of the Four Courts, ot on occaflon of or for the Purpofe of repairing fuch Prifon, or on occaflon of any infectious Diforder or fudden Accident, or on or for any other Rea-fon, Purpofe or Occaflon of a like Nature in any refpcCt, which fuch Court or Judge (hall deem to be fufficient to order that the Prisoners in fuch Marfhalfea, or any One or more of them, (hail be removed to any other Prifon fpecitied in fuch Order, there to remain until dif-charged by due Courfe of Law, or until removed therefrom by another Order of the Kke Nature, or remanded to the faid Marfhalfea ; and any fuch Removal fhall not be deemed to be an Efcape.

XXXIX.	And be it ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate or Politick, (hall by themfl lves or any other Perfon in truft for them, give, take or receive any Fee, Money or Gratuity, or other valuable or beneficial Confideration whatfoever, or any Promife thereof, for or in refpeCl of the Appointment, Nomination or Recommendation of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever to be Keeper of any Prifon in Ireland, or to hold any Office under fuch Keeper, or knowingly appoint or caufe or procure to be appointed

any

Goals of Two Counties preferred for, either together or fcpuratelv.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Com-milliuners to iu|M-riniend Works oi Marlhalffa Four Courts and Penitentiary Ho idea.

Judges may order Removal of Prilbneis in M ar fhall eu Court*.

Talcing Fee fo# Appointment <»f Gaoler.

AJ).i8io.

Penalty.

Salary to Gaolers.

Provifo.

Keepers of Prif'ons provided with Copies of

a a.

Penalty.

Infye&ors

appointed.

To whom Plre-fcr rente iven.

X

C. 103.	50° GEO. III.

any Perfon or Perfons to fuch Office, for or in refpe& of any Fee, Money, Gratuity or other valuable Confideration whatever given or promifed to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for or in refpcCfc of fuch Appointment, or the obtaining of fuch Office; and each and every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the Sum or Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, together with Double the Sum fo given as afore-faid; One Moiety of fuch Forfeiture to be paid to the King, and the other with full Cofts of Suit to the Informer, who fhall by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record firft fue for the fame.

XL. And be it ena&ed, That all Grand Juries at the Prefenting Terms in the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin,, and at the Affizes in all other Counties, Counties of Cities and Coun-ties of Towns in Ireland, are hereby empowered and authorized to appoint fuch Salaries and Allowances to the feveral Keepers of Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Corre&ion and other Prifons in their refpe&ive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and to their Affiftants, as they fhall think proper, and to alter the fame from time to time as they (hall fee occalion, and to direCl fuch Salaries and Allowances to be paid by the Treafurer of fuch Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns refpe&ively ; all fuch Salaries and Allowances to be raifed by Prefentment on the faid Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns refpe&ively : Provided always, that no Keeper of a Prifon or his Aflillant (hall be entitled to receive fuch Salary or Allowance, unlefs he fhall prove to the Satisfa&ion of the Grand Jury that he hath complied with all and every of the Rules and Regulations which fhall from time to time be provided by or under this or any other A Cl or ACls of Parliament, or by any lawful Authority whatfoever, for the Regulation of fuch Prifon, or for the Conduct of the Keepers thereof.

XL I. And be it enaCied, That every Keeper of any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon in Ireland, fhall be and is hereby required to ptovide himfelf with One or more printed Copy or Copies of this prelent ACt, and to keep and have the fame at all times ready to produce for the Infpection of any Magillrate or Magi-ftrates, or other Perfon or Perfons legally appointed, who (hall at any time vifit or infpeCt fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, or enquire into the ConduCt of fuch Keeper, under a Penalty of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Perfon who fhall inform thereof.

XLII. And be it enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury of every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, with the Confent and Approbation of tbe Court or Judge at each Affi/.es and Prefenting Term, to appoint aa InfpeCtor of Prifons for fuch County refpeCtively, and alfo of every Bridewell, Sheriff's Prifon, Marfhalfea or Houfe of Correction within any County of a City or of a Town (except as is hereinafter excepted) ; and every fuch Iufpettor fhall be required to obferve the feveral Regulations hereinafter mentioned, and to fee tbe fame carried into EffeCt: Provided always, that in making any fuch Appointment as aforefaid by the Grand Junes, the Mindier or Curate of the Parifh in which the County Gaol ihall be fituated, (hall be preferred, if fuch Clergyman will accept fuch Appointment, and that then? doesnot appear on Examination into the fame any juft or reafon-5	uble

A.D.iS to.

3° 5

50* GEO. III.

C. 103.

able Obje&ion to fuch Clergyman ; and provided alfo, that in cafe of Refufal on the Part of fuch Clergyman as aforefaid, a Phyficiart or Surgeon refident in the Town or Pariih in which fuch Gaol or

11 on the rart ot luch Clergyman as atorelaid, a Phyficiart ?on refident in the Town or Pariih in which fuch Gaol or

other .Prifon fhall be fituate refpeftively, (hall be then preferred and if fuch Surgeon or Phyfician (hall alfo refufe to accept the faid Office of Infpedor, or (hall be f mnd unfit for the fame, or if it (hall appear that the Clergyman, Phyfician or Surgeon aforefaid, after having accepted the faid Office, (hall at any time negle& to execute or fulfil the Duties thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to appoint any other fit and difcreet Perfon, redding within One Mile of fuch Gaol or other Prifon refpe&ively, to be fuch Infpe&or as aforefaid in manner aforefaid refpe&ively.

XLIII. And be it ena&cd, That it fhall and may be lawful for all Trrand Juries in Ireland, at any Affixes or Presenting Term refptfc-	u

tivcly, after fuch Appointment, to prefent a reasonable Sum to be paid to every fuch County or other Infpe&or appointed as aforefaid, as a Recompence for the Care and Attendance neceflary in the Execution of the Several Duties of fuch Offices refpe&ively: Provided it fhall appear to them that fuch Infpe6tor has duly and regularly executed tne feveral Duties of his Office ; which Sum or Sums the faid Infpe£tor fhall be entitled to receive exclufive of any other Salary or Allowance which may be granted to him as Chaplain, Phyfician, Surgeon or Medical Affiftant for vi Siting and attending the Prisoners confined in any of the Prifons of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town.

XLIV. And be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for Clerk r>f the the Clerk of the Crown, and he is hereby required at each Affizes Crown 10 makw and General Gaol Delivery, hi every County, County of a City and Hetum of County of a Town in Ireland, and at every Special *Commi(fion therein, and at every Quarter-Seffions, Term or Seffion of the Com- Pc«twr miifion of Oyer and Terminer for the County of the City of Dublin9 and the Clerk of the Peace is alfo hereby required to furnifh the In-fpe&or of Prifons for the time being of the faid County, County of- a City and County *of a Town, with a complete Schedule of the feveral Prifoners brought to Trial at each Aifizes and General Gaol Delivery, and at each Special Commiffion, and at each and every Term or Commiffion of the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin refpe&ively, and at each and every Quarter-Seffions,

Specifying the partitular Crime of which each Prifoner was accufed, and dating the Sentence of the Judge on each Trial, and whether the faid feveral Sentences have been executed, or whether the Whole or any Part or Parts of them have been remitted; and the feveral In-fpe&ors of Prifons are hereby required to report and tranfmit the fame in manner hereinafter dire&ed.

XLV. And be itena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for the Appointment Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland of lofprtfor for the time being, to appoint a fit and proper Perfon to be ln» fpefior General of Prifons in Ireland, removeable however at the Will and Pleafure of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or' Governors of Ireland for the time being 5 which Infpe&or Ger eral Hi* Put*, of Prifons (ball vifit every Prifon in Ireland once at lead in every Two Years, or oftener, if he (hall think neceflary, and alfo (hall give hit ^dvice and Affidance in choofuig propef Plans aud Situations where

X

new

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSta.

3c <5	C.	103.	505	GEO.	Ilf.

new Gaols and other Places of Confinement are to be ere&ed, and (hail report in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief .Governor or Governors of Ireland, his Opinion as to the proper Scite and Plan of every new Prifon, and fhall point cut any Additions, Alterations or Improvements which he may deem requifite to be made in any of the Gaols or other Places of Confinement, for the Prefervation of the Health of the Prifoners, and for the fafe Cuftody of the fame ; and that he (hall alfo receive Reports from the Infpec-tors of Gaols in the different Comities in Ireland, and (hall alfo arrange and digeft the fame, or fo much as fhall have been duly trai-f-mitted to him, and annually tranfmit a full and accurate State aid Account thereof to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time beings or io his Abfence to the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, and alfo to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, in London, in order that the fame fhall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament in each and every Seffion of Parliament, and likewife a feparate Report of fucli Prifons as he fhall have vifited in Perfon, from the time of his next preceding Report refpe&ively up to that Period; and in cafe any of the Paid Infpe&ors fhall neglett to tranfmit their Reports to the Infpedlor General as herein direded, the faid Infpcdlor General fhall ftate the Names of fuch Infpe&ors who may have been guilty of fuch Ncgledl, in his faid fever«i Reports, and fhall alfo report the Names of fuch Infpedtors fo neglecting, to the Court of King’s Bench in Dublin ; aud it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to impofe a Fine on any fuch Infpc&or {p neglecting, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds: And any fuch Inlpedtor General of Prifons fhall receive fuch Salary as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fhall appoint, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds by the Year, as a Remuneration for his own Time and Trouble, and fhall alfo proride a lit and proper Clerk, and a fit and proper Office iu the City of Dublin, at which fuch Clerk fhall conftantly attend, and fuch InfpeCtor fhall receive a further yearly Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to enable him to defray the Expencc of providing fuch Clerk and Office, and fhall alfo receive a further yearly Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds for his travelling Expences in each Year; all which Sums fhall be paid out of the Confolidatcd Fund of Ireland, by order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being.

Ma<l- XLVI. And be it ena&ed. That the faid Infpe&or General of ' Prifons fhall have Power and he is hereby required to vitit and in-fpeCt, as often as he fhall think fit, all Mad Houfes and Places where Idiots or Lunatics are confined, whether the fame be auy publick Eftablifhment, or kept for Profit by any private Individual, as well as all Gaols and Prifons throughout Ireland; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall hinder, molefl or prevent fuch Infpe&or General from viliting and infpe&ing any of the faid Places of Confinement, fuch Perfon or Perfons being duly convidted thereof upon Oath before any One Magiftrate or Juflice of Peace in the Couuty where fuch Hindrance has been made, fhall, for every fuch Offence, be fined in* any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, at the Difcretion of fuch Magi (Irate,

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.iSiG.

3°7

$6* GEO. III.	C.	103.

giftrate, and thereupon fuch Perfon f® convi&ed fhall, by the Warrant of fuch Magiftrate, be imprifoned in the Common Gaol of the County for Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fine be fooncr paid.

XLVII. And be it ena&ed, That it fliall and may be lawful fbr Appcintmrntof each and every Grand Jury in Ireland\ and they are hereby re- ^iaPlrtl™ quired, at any Adzes or Prefcnting Term, to appoint a proper ¥ntJ ao$’ and difereet Perfon, being duly ordained in the Holy Orders and of the Eftablifhed Church, to be Chaplain of the feveral Gaols, Bride-0 vrells, Houfes of Correftion or other Prifons of and in their refpec-tive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns; and it fhall and may be lawful fpr every fuch Grand Jury, if they fhall be fo required by the Court* alfo to appoint a proper and difereet Perfon, be$r>g a Proteftant Diflenting Minifter, to be Proteftant Dif-fenting Cnaplain thereof; and alfo if they fliall be fo required by the Court, to appoint a Pried or Clergyman of the Roman Catholick Church to be Roman Catholick Chaplain thereof: Provided always, Frovifo that evf*rv Perfon fo appointed (hall be approved of by the Court.

XLVIII. And be it further cna&ed, That every fuch Chaplain Dmyof (ball read Prayers in the faid Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correc- Giaplami. tion or other Prifons refpe&ively for which he fliall be appointed, on every Sunday in the Year: to wit, the Proteftant Chaplain of the Eftablifhed Church to fuch of the Prifoners as fliall be Proteftants of the Eftablifhcd Church, and the Proteftant Diffenting Minifter to fuch of the Prifoners as fliall be Proteftant Dillenters, and the Roman Catholick Chaplain to fuch of the Prifoners as (hail be Roman Catholicks; and that every fuch Chaplain fliall likewife vitit each of the faid Prifons Twice at leaft in every Week, exciufive of his Attendance on Sunday, that on fuch Vifits he fliall go into every Room and Cell in the Prifon therein any Prifoner fo within his Charge fliall be confined, and converfe with and exbort fuch of the faid Prifoners refpe&ively as are willing to liften to his Admonitions; and that each of the faid Chaplains (hall attend every Malefa&or in their refpe&ive Prifons who fliall be within his Charge as aforefaid, or who may defire his Affiftance previous to and at the time of his Execution, in order to adminifter to fuch Prifoner or Prifoners the Funttions of his Holy Office; and that every fuch Chaplain fhall in manner hereinafter mentioned, infpeft, in his turn, the Bread or other Pro-vifions provided for any Prifoner of whatfoever Religion, and take care that the fame is or are of good and wholefome Quality and of fufficient Weight.

XL1X. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful SaUrio* 19 for the Grand Jury at the Spring Affizes and Eajier Term in every Cbtplau/.

Year after fuch Appointment, to prefent a reafonable Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds and not being lefs than Sixty Pounds in the County and County of the City of Dublin, and not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor being lefs than Thirty Pounds within any other County dr Coijnty of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, for every fuch Chaplain, as a Recompence for his Services aforefaid: Provided it fhall fully appear to faid Grand Juries Provifo. and to the Court or Judge that fuch Chaplains duly and regularly executed the feveral Duties of their faid Offices- refpe&ively, and that the Sums prefented for all the Chaplains aforefaid in One Prifon or Diftrid fhall be of the feme Amount, unlefs tM Share of either fhall

X1	at

So8

Hnfifians ai%l 6urgcouN:

Their Dut).

Salary.

Not paid tuilcf* DlUiff JKT-funned.

Phyfician* and

Surgeons to n»ake Return# to Infj)e<ftors.

Appointment of Apothecaries.

Kow Medicine* and other Ar« ti« les lor the -Sick paid lor.

C. 103.	5ofe GEO. II!.	A.D.i8ib*

at any time be withheld by reafon of any Mifcondud or NegleA of Duty.

L. And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury of ever}' County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any Aflizes orPri fenting Term, to appoint a regularly bred Phyfician and alfo a regularly bred Surgeon to the Gaols, Houfes of Corre&ion, Marfhalfeas and other Pulilick Prifons within fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, except as i$ hereinafter excepted : Provided always, that ary 1 Phyfician and Surgeon io to he appointed (hall be approved of by the Court.

LI. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Phyfician and Surgeon (hall and he is hereby required to vifit every Prifon within fiis Appointment Twice at lead in every Week, and oftener if neceflary, and to prescribe for all Prifoners confined therein, according to his refpe&ive Department, fuch Medicines and Suftenance as may appear to him conducive to their Recovery.

LII. And be it enabled. That it (hall he lawful for every fuch Grand Jury at every Aflizes and Prefenting Term in each Year after fuch Appointment, to prefent a reafonable Sum to every fuch Phy-fician and Surgeon as a Kecompence for fuch Attendance.

LIII. And be it cna&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for the Grand Jury aforefaid to make fuch Preferments, unlef9 faid Phyfician and Surgeon refpe&ively (hall appear to have duly fulfilled the feveral Duties of his Office.

LIV. And be it further ena&cd, That tl^e faid Phyfician and Surgeon (hall once in every Week make a regular Return of the State of Health of the feveral Perfons under their Care refpectively, to the Infpc&or of his Prifon or Diftri&, if he (hall not be himfelf the Infpe&or, and (hall diftin&Iy fpecify therein the Names of the feveral Perfons fick in faid Prifons, and their Difeafes refpe&ively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent the fame Perfon from executing the Offices of Infpe&or and Chaplain, or of Infpe&or and Phyfician, or Infpe&or and Surgeon, or Phyfician and Surgeon, if he (hall be qualified fo to do.

LV. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury refpe&ively as aforefaid, and they are hereby required, at every Aflizes and Prelenting Term, to appoint an Apothecary to the Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Corre&ion or other Prifons, within their refpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns; and it (hall be the Duty of every fuch Apothecary to attend the Phyfician or Surgeon rcfpe&ively, if any fuch be appointed, in their Vifits to the faid Prifons refpe&ively, and to execute every neceflary Order of the faid Phyfician and Surgeon re-fpe&ivcly touching the fame : Provided always, that every fuch Apothecary (hall be approved of by the Court.

LVI. And be it cna&ed. That each and every of the faid Grand Juries (hall and may prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be juftly due for fuch Medicines and other Articles for the Sick as (hall be ordered by the Phyfician or Surgeon attending fuch Prifons rr-fpe&ively, and which tne Apothecary to faid Prifons (hall make appear by his Affidavit to have been duly fumiflied according to fuch Prefcriptions, in which Affidavit the (aid Apothecary (hall (wear that

he

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

50° GEO. III.

C. 103.

309

be had faithfully and honeftly expended in the Purchafe of fuch Medicines and other Articles the Sums therein refpe&ively charged for the fame, and that fuch Medicines and other Articles were of the bed Quality, and were charged at the ufual Prices at which Medicines ao4 Articles of the fame Quality were charged within the Town or Place where the fame were fo furnifhed refpe&ively, and that the fame were ordered by the Phyfician or Surgeon attending fuch Per-fon before they were fnpplied ; or if fuch Medicines or Articles (hall hare been fupplied in Calcs of Emergency by fuch Apothecary without the previous Order of fuch Phyfician or Surgeon, fuch Apothecary (hall produce a Certificate of fuch Phyfician or Surgeon that fuch Medicines or Articles were fit and proper to be fo fupplied; but 110 Charge (hall be allowed in any fuch Prefentment For the Attendance of fuch Apothecary or of any Perfon a&ing as fuch.

JLVII. J|^d he it further ena&ed, That the faid ieveral Grand Juries, or tne Court, if the fame (hall appear to them proper, may refpe&ively order fuch Account to be laid before the Governor and Directors of Apothecaries Hall, to be taxed by the faid Governor and Dire&ors, which they are hereby authorized and required to do, aud to make their Prefentment for Medicines as aforefqid, fubjecl to fuch Redu&ion in the Amount thereof as (hall or may be made on fuch Taxation ; and that the faid Grand Judes refpec-tively (hall have Power to prefent for the Expence to be incurred by fuch Examination.

LVIIl. And be it further ena&ed, That each and every of the faid Apothecaries (hall bring forward at each Afiizes and Prefenting .Term Two feparntt- and diftin& Prefentments, Ane for Medicines and the other for other Articles for the Sick, dating fully and particularly the different Articles comprized under each Head; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each Affizes and Prefenting Term to prefent a reafonable Sum to be paid to every fuch Apothecary, as a Compenfation for his Trouble in providing the faid Articles for the lard Perlons refpe&ively, and advancing his own Money for that Purpofe.

L1X. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to appoint the fame Perfon to be Surgeon and Apothecary to any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corredtion, Marfhalfea, or other Publick Prifon, and in fuch cafe fuch Surgeon aud Apothecary (hall be paid for his Attendance as a Surgeon, and for his Medicines as an Apothecary, in manner hereinbefore dire&ed with refpe& to Surgeons and Apothecaries refpe&ively: Provided always, that in cafe any Grand Jury (hall not think it neceflary to appoint a Phy* fician to any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corre&ion., Marfhalfea or other Publick Prifon, the Apothecary or the Perfon fo appointed Surgeon and Apothecary, iufiead of fwearing that the Medicines aiid other Articles for the Sick fupplied by him were ordered by the Phyfician, or producing the Certificate of the Phyfician in manner hereinbefore mentioned, (hall fwcar that all fuch Medicines and Neceflarics were a&ually requifite for the Prifoners, and were a&ui ally and bona Jide fupplied by fuch Apothecary, or Surgeon and Apothecary, as the cafe may be: Provided alfo, that no Perfon who (hall be fo appointed to be Surgeon and Apothecary (hall be capable o( being appointed a Phyfician or an Infpe&or under this A&.

LX. And^ be {t ena&ed, That in and for the Marfhalfea of thi

X 3	Four

Accounts taxrd by Govcn 1 M J Directors of Apothecaries Hall.

Prrfontmrnts of Apothecaries to be one for Medicines and one for Neceffanc*.

Grand Juries may app ntthe fame lVrfun 10 be Surgeon aud Apoihccuiv.

Prdvifo.

Appointment of Infpe£t<>r>,( hap-

Ulus, Stc. ot

Digitized by

Google

A-D.i8jo.

I0>

50° GEO. III.

Varand** of Jj> fpcctor, &r.

JDublin Marfhal- Four Courts of Dublin, and all and every Penitentiary Houle or fife. fi*. hy LorJ Houfes in Ireland, the Expence whereof (hall be defrayed out of the Lieutenant. # Cssifolidated Fund of Irelandy it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ire-land for the time being, to appoint all Infpedors, Chaplqfps, Phy-fierians, Surgeons and Apothecaries refpedively requifite for fuch Marfhalfea and Penitentiary Houfes; and fuch Inipcdors, Chap* lains, Phyficians, Surgeons and Apothecaries (hall be paid fuch Salaries, and in fuch manner as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall think (it to dired : Provided alfo, that all Medicines and other Articles for the Sick which (hall be fur-nilhed to any of the Poor PriToners in the Marfhalfea of the Four Courts* or in any Penitentiary Houfe refpedively, /hall, on being vouched as aforefaid to the Colle&or of Excifc of the Diftrift* and alfo taxed as aforefaid, be paid for by him, together ujfcfa the Ex* pence of fuch Taxation, out of any Publick Money in his Hands, Twice in every Year ; to wit, in March and Sept ember, down to and for the Firlt Day of each of the faid Months refpedively.

LXI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any of the faid Offices of Infpedor, Chaplain, Phyfician, Surgeon and Apothecary, on the Appointment of the Grand Jury, (hall become vacant be* tween Two Affizes or Presenting Terms refpedively, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the High Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, to appoint a new Officer to fill fuch Vacancy refpedively ; and fuch new Officer fb appointed (hall hold and exercife the faid Office until a new Appointment (hall be made thereto as s&refeid, as fully and effectually in all refpeds, and with al( the fame Rights, Powers and Advantages, as if he had been duly appointed thereto as aforefaid,

K.'B. or Judges	LXIL And be it	enaded, That if it	(hall appear to the Court

of Affize may	of King’s Bench that	any of the faid County Infpedors, Chaplains,

remove Infpec- Fhyficians, Surgeons or Apothecaries in any Part of Ireland, or to the Judges of Alfred in their refpedive Counties in Ireland, that any of the faid Officers in and for fuch Couufy hat been guilty of Mifcondud in'his faid Office, or of Negled of the Duties thereof, then* and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Court or Judge by a	fummary Order to	remove fuch Officer from

his faid Office ; and	every fuch Officer	while he (hall hold fuch

Office (hall be decreed, deemed and confidered in refped thereof as an Officer of the faid Court of King’s Bench and of fuch Affizes Court refpedively, and fubjed to the Orders thereof refpedively as fach.

LXIII. And be it enaded, That it.(hall be lawful for the Infpedor of eyery Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Corredion, or other Prifon in Irelandy and he is hereby required to infped, overfee and regulate the procuring and providing of Bread, Meal, Potatoes, or fuch other Food qs he (hall judge moil proper, to the Value of not lefs than Five pence per Day for every Perfon confined for any Of* fence under his infpectan, who (hall (land in need of fuch Affiftance, and to canfe the lame to be regularly distributed among the (aid Prifoners, Four Times in every Week, to wit on Sundays, Mondays, Wednefdays and Friday#, in prefence of faid Infpedor, or One of the Chaplains, and alfo of the Keeper of fuch Prifon ; and the Grand Juries qi the levcral Counties in Ireland are hereby empowered and

required

tors, &r. far Kegleifc, &c

Jnfpe&eri to ovrrfee the providing Food to r fnfonen.

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSicv	jo°.	GEO.	III.	C. 103.

inquired tS maHc fuch Prefentm^nt^ in Advance to any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Grand Juror nor being an Infpe&or, Chaplain,

Phyfician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this A&, nor being the Keeper of any Prifon) who fhall be willing to contrail with fuch Grand Jury for the Supply of fuch Bread, Meal, Potatoes or Food as fuch Grand Jury may deem ncceffary to provide for the fame, and if luch (hall by any means not be made, or, being made, (hall bn found inefficient, then to prefent futh Sums as (hall appear to hate been neccflhrily expended for fuch Pnrpofe, either without fuch Pne-fentment, or over and above the Amount thereof; and the Sums ft printed fliali be paid over in manner hereinafter mentioned : Provided Pronto, always, that the Infpe&or and the Chaplain or Chaplains fhall divide the Duty of diltributing faid Allowance equally between them by alternate Weeks in Rotation, and the Certificate of any of them, together with that of the Keeper of the Prifon, (hall be a fufficienf Warrant to the Treafurer of the County for the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums as may be expended in procuring faid Food, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have contradled with the Grand Jury as aforefaid, or to any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Grand Juror, nor being an Infpe&or, Chaplain, Phyllcjan, Surgeon or Apothecary ynder this ACl, nor being the Keeper of any Prifon) who (hall or may have contracted with any Infpe&or for the Supply of fuch Bread* Meal, Potatoes or Food, or who may have (upplied the fame under the Ordor? of fuch Jnfpe&or.

> EXIV. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Qrand Expenr« fat Jury at each Aflizes and Prefcnting Term refpe&ively in Ireland, Straw, prefent on the refpedlive Counties, Countiei of Cities and Counties of Towns, all fuph Sums as to them (hall appear by Affidavit to have been neceflarily emended for Straw for the Prifoners entitled to an Allowance of Bread as aforefaid in any Gaol, Bridewell,

Houfe of Correction or other Prifon within their refpe&ive Counties,

Couaties of Cities and Counties of Towns, or any neccflary petty Expences attending the Prifon, as alfo to prefent in advance fuch Sum as they (hall think neccflary for the laid Purpofes or any of them; and that to enable the faid Grand Juries to prefent proper Sums for thofe Purpofes, there (hall be laid before the Grana Jury by the Keeper of every Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction dr Other Prifon in Ireland, at each Aflizes and Prefenting Term, a Ca- , * lendar of his Prifon fince the lad Aflizes or Prefenting Term, with the Date of the Committal and Difcfiarge of each Perfon.

LXV. And be it ena&cd. That it (hall and may be lawful for fa the feveral Grand Juries at every' Aflizes and Prefenting Term, to prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money as may be requifite for the Purpofes of providing Fuel, Prifon Drefles, Iron Bedfteads, Bed Tickens to be filled with Straw, Blankets and Bed Cloaths, for all Prifoners who (hall be confined in any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction, or other Prifon within their refpeCtive Couaties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and (hall (land in need of fuch Afliftance; and that the feveral Sums before mentioned to be pre- Monies for furh feuted for the Purpofes of providing Fuel, Prifon Drefles, Iron Purpofes to be Beddeads, Bed Tickens and Blankets, Bed Cloaths and Straw for paid to Prifoners as aforefaid, (hall be paid into the Hands of any Perfon ,ra^or,‘ or Persons (npt being a Grand Juror,, nor being an Infpe&or, Chaplain, Pbyfioaq, Surgeon or Apothecafy under this ACt, nor being

X 4	the

pH

C. 103.

50° GEO. III.

A.D.1810.

Contm&or», &c. 10 account on Oath.

GranH Jurori, Infpr&ors, Sec. being concerned in Contrails for Food.

Penalty.

Expenecs paid by CoileHor of Eg-ei£e, and advanced by him to Inijxdors, &*.

Rules and Regulations for M nagexnent of

Pi.lous.

the Keeper of any Prifon) who (hall or may have contraHtS with any InfpeHor of any fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of CorreHion or other Prifon, for the Supply of fuch Fuel and other Matters re-fpeHively, or who may have fupplied the fame under the Orders of fuch InfpeHor.

LXVI. And be it enaHed, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which fhail be prefented by any Grand Jury for Bread or other NeceiTaries, or for any other of the Purpofes hereinbefore men-. tioned, fhail be accounted for on Oath in open Court by the Perfons making fuch Contrail with the Grand Jury or with the InfpeHors, or fupplying Articles under the Orders of fuch InfpeHors, and by the Certificate of the different InfpeHors and Chaplains refpeHively.

LXVII. And be it further enaHed, That if any Grand Juror or any InfpeHor, Chaplain or Phyfician, Surgeon or Apothecary appointed under this AH, or any Keeper of any Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correction or other Prifon, fhail contrail to provide or 1 up ply any fuch Bread, Meal, Potatoes or other Food, or any Straw, Fuel, Prifon Drefffs, Bedfteads, Bed Tickens,'Blankets, Bed Cloaths, or other Neceflaries for Prifoners under his InfpeHion or Charge, contrary to the Provifions of this AH, or /hall fupply the fame other-wife than in the Performance of his Duty under this AH, or (hall direHly or indireHly derive or receive any Profit or Emolument whatever from any Bread, Meal, Potatoes or other Food, or any Straw, Fuel, Prifon Drefles, Bedfteads, Bed Tickens, Blankets, Bed Cloaths, or other Neceflaries provided for fuch Prifoners, which /hall be fupplied for the Purpofes of this AH, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Perfon who fhail fue for the fame by any Action, Suit, Bill or rlaint, in any of His Majefty’s Superior Courts of Record in Dublin ; wherein no Efloign, ProteHion or Wager of Law fhail be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enaHed' That all Bread and other Provifions, Straw, Prifon Drefles, Bedfteads, Bed Tickens, Blankets and Bed Cloaths, which fhail be fo diftributed iit the Mar-fhalfea of the Four Courts or any Penitentiary Houfe, and alfo all Bread, Provifions, Drefles, or Cloaths, Medicines and other Neccf-faries which fhail be fo fumifhed as aforefaid to any ConviH under Sentence of Tranfportation, or pardoned or refpited from Death on condition of Transportation, who fhail be removed out of the County in which he was conviHed, fhail and may be paid for by the Cof-leltor of Excife of tfie DiftriH, out of any publick Money in his Hands, and that fuch ColIeHor of Excite fhail alfo out of fuch Money advanced to any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Graud Juror, nor being an InfpeHor, Chaplain, Phyfician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this AH, nor being the Keeper of any Prifon) who (hall or may have contraHed with any InfpeHor of any fuch Marfhalfea or Penitentiary Houfe for the Supply of fuch Provifions or other Matters refpeHively, or who may have fupplied the fame under the Orders of fuch InfpeHors, fuch Sums for the faid Purpofes or any of them, as fuch InfpeHor fhail, by Affidavit to be made before any Juftice of the Peace for the County, date to be reafonable and pcccflary for fuch Purpofe.

LXIX. And be it enaHed, That the following Rules and Regulation* (hall be ilriftly obfenreU and carried into Force and EffeH in

every

Digitized by Google

A D.1810.

50° GEO, III.	C 103.

every Gaol, Houfe of Corre&Jon, Marfhalfea, Bridewell, Penitentiary Houfe, SherifPs Prifon or other Prifon throughout Ireland; that is to fay: Firft, That* hr (hall not be lawful for any Woman to be Fidl. Keeper thereof: Se’concf, That every ©aoler or other Keeper of a Second Prifon (hall rcfide in his Prifon, and that he fhall not be an Under Sheriff or a Bailiff, or a Baker or a Brewer, nor fhall he fell Wine,

Beer, Ale or Spirituous Liquors of any Sort to Prifoners or others, nor (hall he hold any Office or Employment, or carry on any Bnfi-nefis whatfoever that may require his Attendance in any other Place :

Third, That no Tap (hall be kept in atiy Prifon without a Special Think Order of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland for that Purpofe: Fourth, That no Perfon under the Authority or Appointment of the Fourth. Keeper fhall, dire&ly or indire&Iy, fell to the Priloners or any of them, any Malt or Spirituous Liquors, or any manner of Provifions whatfoever: Fifthly, That in all rrifons whereiu any Perfons fhall be fifth, confined for any Offence, the Perfon or Perfons whofe Duty it fhaU be to deliver out Bread or other Provifions to fuch Prifoners, or One of the faid Perfons, together with the Keeper of the Prifon, (hail attend for that Purpofe Four Days in each Week, to wit, on Sun-dayi9 Mondays, IVednefdays and Fridays, and fhall take care that the fame is properly difiributed according to the Wants of the Pri-fooers, and that it is of a good Quality and proper Weight, and that it is not more than Twenty four Hours fince any Bread which may be fo difiributed had been baked; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhaU not fuffer the Prifoners to commute the faid Allowance by receive ing the Value thereof in Money, or in any other manner whatfoever : Sixth, That every Room in every Prifon in Ireland fhall be Sixth, daily fenped and fwept, and fhall be wafhed Once in every Week from the Firft Day of April to the Firft Day%£r08ober, and Once io every Month for the refidue of the Year, uruefs the contrary fhall io any Inftance be exprefsly dire&ed in Writing by the Phyfician or Surgeon, and that Three Times at leaft in every Year the Inlide of s each of the Rooms, Cells, Halls, Paffages and Places of every De-feription in the Prifon fhall be white-wafhed; videlicet, Once in the Month of April, Once in the Month of July, and Once in the Month of 08obcr, and that fufficient Prifon Dalles, Bed (leads, Tickenj for Beds, and Blankets be provided for fuch Prifoners as fhall be in want thereof; and alfo that a conftant Fire fhall be kept up in the Common Halil of every Prifon for Ten Hours in every Day, from the Firft Day of OSober to the Firft Day of April, to wit, from the Hour of Ten in the Morning to the Hour of Eight in the Afternoon, and for Five Hburs in every Day for the Refidue of the Year; to wit, from the Hour of Twelve at Noon to the Hour of Five in the Afternoon refpc&ively, and that fcvery Prifoner fhall be fupplied with frefh Straw Once in every Month: Seventh, That the Prifoners Seventh, who (ball be fick fhall be feparated from thofe who (hall be in health, and the Phyfician or Surgeon and Apothecary fhall regularly attend the former, and fupply them with Medicines and alio with Broth or other neceffary Suftenance: Eighth, That Debtors fhall be fie- Eighth, parate from Felons and other Offenders, and that Perfons. charged with Highway Robbery, Houfebreaking, Murder, or oth^r Capital Offences, fhaU not be fuffered to have any Intercourse with Prifoners confined for Offences which are not Capital; and that Male and Female Prifoners of every Denomination fhall be kept fcparate:

Ninth,

5*3





i*0#by Go

i

c. *03.	50° GEO. HI;	AJQ.1S10.

Ninth.	Ninth,	That	all	Prifoners	ihall have free Accefs to the Bath and

Neceflary, iu their refpe&ive Parts of the Prifon at all reafonable Hours, and (hall alfo be admitted at proper times in SuccdEon to air themfelves in the Yard or Yards for at lead Two Hours in every Day, except Prifoners under Sentence of Death, and fuch Perfon* as (hail be riotous or diforderly, or where there may be Sufficient Tenlh.	caufe	to apprehend that an Efcape may be attempted : Tenth, That

no Hogs, Pigs, Cattle or Poultry or any Kind ihall be kept in any Llevcntli.	Yard	of aiiy Prifon in Ireland: Eleventh, That no Prifoner even

when condemned to Death ihall be put into a Dungeon or Room tinder Ground, utilefs in confequence of outrageous Conduct, or for an Attempt to break out of Prifon : Twelfth, That no Spirituous Liquors of any Kind (hall be admitted into any Prifon on any Pretence whatfoever, utdefs as dire&ed in a written Order from the Phy-iician, Surgeon, Apothecary, Medical Afiiftant or Infpe&or, fpecify-ing the Quantity fo to be admitted, and for whafe Ufe; nor (hall any Penny Pot or Garniih be taken from Prifoners on their En-Thificenth.	Vance into Prifon on any Account or Pretence whatfoever: Thir-

teenth, That a Table of Fees (hall be made out by the Iufpe&or General of Prifons, and the Infpeftor of Prifons in the County of the City of Dublin, to be laid by them before His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, which Table, if it (hall be approved by the Court, (hall lerve as a General Regulation for Fees throughout Ireland, and the Infpe6lor General of Prifons (hall diftribute Copies thereof to the fevetral County Infpe&ors, to be by them placed in a confpicuous Part of the Prifons under their Infpedtions, and the Infpe&or General of Prifons (hall likewife caufe fcveral Copies of thefe Rules, and of all further Itaies to be from time to time made as hereinafter mentioned, to^rprinted on one Side of a Sheet of Paper and parted on Boards, which he (hall alfo dirtribute amoug the fevrral County Infpe&ors, to be by them placed in the. Common Hall of I our—uV every Prifon : Fourteenth, That every local Infpe&or (hall vifit every Prifon under his InfpeCtion Twice at leal! in every Week, that at each Viiit he (hall go into every Room in the Prifon, and if any Complaint (hall be made by the Prifoners or any of them, againrt the Gaoler or his Affilfants, the Infpedtor (hall immediately enquire into the Particulars of fuch Complaint, and if the fame (hall appear to be well founded he (hall report accordingly to the Tnfpe&or General nir* nth. of Prifons, and to the Sheriff of the County: Fifteenth, That the faid Infpe&ors (hall each of them report fpecially on Oath in the manner hereinafter dire&ed, the State of each and every Prifon under their InfpqCtion refpeftively, to the Magiftrates at the Quarter* Seffions, and likewife the Infpe&or or Infpecfors for the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, to the Court of King’s Bench in every Term, and the Infpe&ors for all the other Counties to the Judges at the Affizes ; and all the faid local In* fpe£fors (hall alfo Twenty one Days at leaft before the fitting of Par-liament, tranfmit to the Infpe&or General of Prifons, a fimilar Report, together with a Calendar of the Prifoners a&ually in Cuftody, letting forth the particular Crime for which each Prifoner had been committed, and likewife a General Statement of all Prifoners who have been tried, whether acquitted or condemned, fince the Date of the laft preceding Report, fpecifying the feveral Crimes of which they >vere decided, and the Sentence* of thofe who have been

found

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8*o»

5 v GEO. lit.	jC.	I03.	31J

found guilty: Sixteenth, That in cafe of any riotous outrageous or Sixteenth, diforderly Condu&, or of any wilful Mifchief done by any Prifoner to the Pnfon, or to any Pcrfon therein whether a Pmoiicr or not, or in cafe of any Pcrfon being or becoming of infane Mind, it (hall be lawful for any Judge of the Superior Courts, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, to examine minutely into the Matter on Oath* and after inch Examination to iilue his or their Warrant to the Keeper of the Prifon, deiiring that every in fane Perfon (hall be con-lined during the continuance of fuch Infanitv, and ever)' fuch Offender for fuch length of time as (hall be fpecitied in fuch Warrant, in fuch Room, Cell, or other Place within the Precinfls of the Prifon as he or they (hall think proper, or as (hall have been fpeciallt provided for fuch Purpofe ; and from the time when any fuch Infinity or Mifcondutt (hall come to the Knowledge of the Keeper of fuch Prifon, until there (hall be an Opportunity of holding fuch Enquiry, it (hail be lawful for fuch Keeper of his own Authority to Confine fuch Offender or in fane Perfon in any fnch Room, Cell or Place ; and if any Prifoner (hall be a fecond time ordered into fuch Confinement for Mifcondu& on Examination on Oath as afore-faid, fuch Prifoner (hall not during fuch Second Confinement be permitted to receive any other Food befides Bread and Water; and is cafe of a Third Confinement of any Prifoner in like manner, fuch Prifoner during fuch Third Confinement (hall not only be limited to fuch Food, but (hall alfo be kept in Irons: Provided however, that Provif®. nothing herein contained (hall prevent any Prifoner from being dif-charged out of Prifon altogether, if he (hall become entitled thereto: Seventeenthly, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty’s Court of Seventeenths King’s Bench in Ireland, from time to time* as often as it (hall be necefiary, to make and ordain fuch other and further Rules and Regulations confident with the foregoing, for the Government, Ma* nagement or Conduct of all or any Gaol or Gaols, Bridewell or Bridewells, Marfhalfea or Marihalieas, Houfe or Houfes of Cor-

rection, or any other Prifon or Prifons in Ireland, or the Keepers or Keeper, or any other Officers or Officer thereof, or any Prifoners or Prifoner therein, as they (hall think proper: and that all fuch Regulations (hall, from timfc to time, be ported up in all Prifons to which the fame ffiall extend, immediately after thefe Rules, in manner before mentioned*

LXX. And be it further enabled, That any Gaoler or Keeper of How Gtolm to a Prifon in Ireland, who (hall find himfelf by any Means or Circum- when pre-ftances whatfoever difabled or prevented from carrying the faid Rule* *cnt.wl or any of them into Effect, (hall, on the firrt Opportunity, give No- mui^ e** tie* thereof to the InfpeCtor of the Prifon, and if the faid Infpc&or (hall, ;upon vifiting fuch Prifon, fee fufficient Grounds for fuch Omif-fion, .either by reafon of the Infufficiency of fuch Prifon or other-wife. he (hall, by Writing under his Hand, give to the faid Gaolev dr Keeper, a Certificate thereof, and no Fad or Occurrence (hall be admitted as a fufficient Excufe, to ^ny fuch Keeper of a Prifon, for the Breach or NegleCt of any of the Rules aforefaid, unlefs fuch Fa& (hall have been fo reprefented by him to fuch Infpeftor at fome time before fuch Breach or NegleCl, or within One Week after the fame.

LXX I. And he it further ena&ed, That all Infpe&ors of Gaols* lnf|*&°»^ bridewells, Houfes of Correction or other Prifons, (lull,. in the	*"

Reports Regulations have

beet; oW'erveU.

3i6

Marfhal fea of thfl Four ( artstube krpi frpirate.

Ft of Marfhal

©I Fuji Courts.

Frovlfo.

Fees for pleading

Pardon.

Fees furLodging.

F.xA<fhi 5 greater Ve<s thau allowed.



C. 103.	50°	GEO.	III.	4uD.i8io<t

Reports of the State of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houfes of Correction, or other Prifons under their Infpeclion refpe&ively, infen a Copy of the foregoing Regulations, and of fuch farther Regula-tioiis as (hall from time to time be in force, in their refpe&ive Prifons at full length ; and in a feparate Column, oppofite to each of the faid Regulations, (hall certify and (late how far each of them has been obferved and complied with, and (hall alfo (late and fet down how far the fevcral other Dire&ions contained in this prefect Ad have been obferved and executed.

LXX1I. And be it further enaded, That the Marfhalfea of the Four Courts (hall he kept feparate and diflintt from all other Pnfons under the Care of the Marfhal of the Four Courts, appointed or to be appointed by His Majelty’s Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

LXXtIL And he it enacted, That the Marfhal of the Four Courts (hall take, demand and receive the feveral Fees following, aud no more; videlicet, That every Prifoner (hall pav to the Mai (Hal for Committal Fee, in eveiy Caufe in which any Prifoner (hall be committed to, or (hall be in his Cultody, Six Shillings and Eight pence 5 for a Difcharge or a Difmillion Fee to the Marihal Six Shillings and Eight pence, and to the Turnkey One Shilling and Seven pence Halfpenny ; upon ever)* Habeas Corpus direded to the Marihal, the Perfon in Cultody who obtained or procured the fame, (hall pay to the faid Marfhal Two Shillings and Sixpence: And every Prifoner brought into Court by Habeas Corpus ad Satis• faciendum, or brought up in Cuilody thereupon, committed to the Marfhal in Execution, mall pay to the laid Marfhal the Fees following ; vidHetty Six pence in the Pound where the Execution is or (hall be for any Sum of or under One hundred Pouuds; and when the Execution is or (hall be for more than One hundred Pounds, then the faid Perfon or Perfons fo committed in Execution, (hall pay to the faid Marfhal Three pence for each Pound over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and no more: Provided alfo, that no Perfon or Perfons fo committed in Execution (hall be charged with or liable to pay any more of the faid Poundage or Execution Fees than for fuch Debt or Damages and Coll$ as he, (he or they (hall really owe, and which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on fuch Execution (hall be really and bona fide entitled to receive.

LXXIV. And it is hereby alfo enaded. That upon the pleading of any Pardon at the Bar for any Perfon in the Mar(hal*s Cuftodr, the faid Perfon for whom fuch Pardon is pleaded (hall pay to the (aid Marfhal for his Fee thereon Seven Shillings, and no more.

LXXV. And be it further euadted, That every Prifoner lying ii the Common Hall (half pay One Penny per Night to the Marihal, and no more, for his faid Lodging ; and that as to all aud every other Rooms and Accommodations in the faid Marihalfea, the fame, and the Rates and Prices to be paid for the fame, (hall be regulated and governed in fuch manner and according to fuch Rates as the Coxrt of King’s Bench in Ireland, having due regard to all Circumftaice*, (hall from time to time dirctl and order.

LXXV I. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Marihal Qf the Four Courts or his Deputy, or other Perfon or Perfons employed under him, (hall demand, exa&> take or receive from any

Pnfowr

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.rSro.

5& GEO. IXI.

Prifoner in the faid Marfhalfea any other or greater Fee, Reward or Gratuity, than he (hall be entitled to as aforefaid, or (hall not duly obferve fuch Rules for the EaCe and Convenience of his Prifoner* as are or (hall be from time to time prefcribed, or (hall exadf any other or greater Rates for the Lodging of the Prifoners than He (hall from time to time be entitled to as aforefaid, then the faid Marfhal for the time being, or his Deputy, which ever of them fhall offend herein, Aiall forfeit for the Firft Oflcnce eommitted, the Firft Offence Sum of Fifty Pounds, the One Half thereof to the King, the other Moiety to tne Party aggrieved, who may fue for and recover the fame b) any Action, Suit, Biil or Plaint, in any of His Majefty’s fuperior Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Effoign, Protection or Wager of Law (hall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance ; arid if after fuch Conviction he (hall again offend as afore- Second Offence, faid, he (hall for fuch Second Offence forfeit his Office, and be incapable of holding or exercifing the faid Office of Marfhal of the Four Courts, or of being Deputy Marihal of the fame for ever after; any Patent, Charter, Ufage or Cuftom, to the contrary notwit httandmg.

LXXVII. Ahd be it further ena&ed, That the Marfhalfea of MurfMfcs of the City of Dublin (hall be likewife kept feparate and dftfinft in Ciiyol Dublin another Houfe by itfelf, under the Care of fuch Perfon or Perfons ^elH as (hall be duly authorized and appointed to keep the fame.

LXXVIII. And, for the better regelating and ascertaining the Fe«toM*r(kil Fees of the Marfhal of the City of Dublin for the time being, ot City ot and the Lodging of the faid Marfhalfea of the faid City, be it Dublin, further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the following Fees and no other (hall be taken by the Marfhal of the City of Dublin for the Time being ; videlicet,	*

For every Prifoner committed to his Cuftody upon an A&ion out ♦ of the Tholfel Court, Two Shillings and Six pence :

For every Prifoner committed by the Lord Mayor for Petty Debts, One Shilling:

For every Writ of Venire Facias or Fieri Facias iffued out of the City Court of the faid Marfhalfea, One Shilling and Six pence :

For all Executions out of the City Court dire&ed to the faid Marfhal, Six pence in the Pound for every Sum of or under One hundred Pounds; and where the Execution is for more than One hundred Pounds, then to receive only Three pence per Pound for each Pound, over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and in fuch manner and under fuch Reftri&ions as are appointed * by this A& for the Marfhal of the Four Courts.	*

LXXIX. And he it further cna&ed, That the faid Marfhal of the Marflnl of D il-City of Dublin (hall obferve and keep the fame Rules, and take the Kn to obferv* lame Rates for the Lodging and Accommodation of Prifoners, in fuch Sort and in fuch manner as the Marfhal of the Four Courts (hall Marihifof from time to time be entitled to take, fave fo far as the fame may pjur CoUrSfc. be othenvife ordered by the faid Court of King's Bench ; and in cafe the Marfhal of the City of Dublin for tne time being, his Deputy, or any other Perfon or Perfons employed under him, (hall take, receive or e’xaft any other or greater Fees than as aforefaid, or any Gratuity or Reward from any Perfon whatsoever committed as a Prifoner to his Cuftody, or (hall not obferve and perform the Rules and Rates in every Refpeft herein ordainedy or which (hall

frdra

C. io* 317

Digitiz

J^Gc

3i*

A.D.t8i«.

Corporation of Dublin m appoint Keeper of Mtffihiilfca;

tnfwmblr for

fafi» (ntUxty of PrifoMTa.

Appointment net to interfere wish I’roGts of Alarfhal.

Court of K. H. mml Judges of Afii/cs to give Act in rlurge to 0/um(1 Jiuit-s.

(rimiaals de-tain«<l for bees, shftliargctf**



C. 103.	50*	GEO.	HI.

■from time to time be prescribed as aforefaid, then the faid MariW of the City of Dublin for tire time being, or his Deputy, which erer of them (hall offend herein, (hall fuffer and incur the like forfeitures and Difabilities a* concerning the Marital of the Four Court* is hereinbefore provided.

LXXX. And be it enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Corporation of the faid City of Dublin, at any Quarter AfTembly, or at any Poll Affembly held for that Purpofe, to cleft and appoint a lit and proper Perfon to be Keeper of the faid Marital fen Prifon ; and it is hereby declared, that the Marfhal of the faid City (hall be exempt from the Care and CufUuiv of the Prifoners to be therein confined, and that fuch Marfhal (hall not be liable to any Damages, Colls or Charges whatever, for or on account of any Efcape that (hall be effected or made from faid Prifon.

* LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the faid Keeper (hall be anfwerable for the fafe Cutt-ody of all fuch Prifoners as (hall be confined in faid Marihalfea Prifon, and that he (hall obferve and perform the feveraland refpeftive Rules herein required of other Keepers of Prifons wherein Debtors are confined.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That fuch Nomination or Appointment of fuch Perfon to be Keeper df fuch Marfhalfea Prifon as aforefaid, (hall not extend or be conftmed to extend to permit or allow any fuch Perfon to interfere in any Sort or Degree whatfoever with any of the Ducies, Privileges or Emoluments annexed to the faid Office of Marfhal, or which heretofore have been exercifed or enjoyed by him or his Prcdeceffors, fave only and except in the Care of the faid Marfhalfea Prifon, and the fafe keeping of the Prifouers to be confined therein.

LXXXIII. And, in order to render more effeftual the feverxl Provifion8 and Regulations contained in this Aft, be it enafted br the Authority aforefaid. That the Court of King’s Bench, and ail and every Judge and Judges of Aflize, and General Gaol Delivery, in Ireland retpeftivcly, are hereby direfted and required from time to t»me, as Occafiun (hall require, to give this Aft in Charge to the Grand Juries of the feveral Counties in Ireland, or fo much thereof as concerns fuch Grand Juries, and to require them to comply therewith as the Law direfts, and to make fuch Prefentments as are herein mentioned and dtrefted.

LXXX1V. And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Prifoner in Ireland who (hall have been conviftcd of any Offence or Offences, and (hall be detained in Prifon only for his Fees by reafon of fuch Conviftion or Conviftions, and of his Imprisonment for fuch Offence or Offences, to prefent a Petition to the Court of King’s Bench if in the County of Dublin or County of the City of Dublin, and if in any other County in Ireland, to the Judges of Aflize of fuch County, or in any of the faid cafes to the Court of Quarter-Seflions, dating that he or fhc is unable to pay his or her Fees aforefaid, and praying that fuch Fees may be remitted: and the Court to which fuefi Petition (hall be prefcnted, (hall examine into the Truth of the Matters therein alledged, upon the Oaths not only of fuch Prifoner, but alfo of the Gaoler and of every fuch other Penbn or Perfons as fuch Court (hall think fit and proper to be examined relative to the feme; and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Court to make fuch Order for remitting tht

8	Whole

Digitized by Google

D.i8i6,

3*9

50* GEO. HL	C. 103.

Whole or any Part, Share or Proportion of fuch Fees aS fuch Court (hall think proper; and on fuch Order being made, k (hall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of fuch Court, if they (hall think tit, to jpntfent the Amount^tne Sum or,Sums fo remitted to be raifed on fiich County, and paid to the Perfon or Perfons whether Clerk or Clerks of the uown or of the Peace, Sheriffs or Gaolers, 'whofe Fees or any Part of whole Fees (hall have been fo remitted according to their refpedlive Proportions thereof; and if the whole of faeh Fees (hall have been fo remitted, then fuch Pri-foner (hall be difeharged from any further Imprifonmeut by reafon of fuch Fees, and if a Part only (hall be fo remitted, then on the Payment of the Refidue of fuch Fees, fuch Prifoner (hall be, in like manner, difeharged,

LXXXV. And be it enabled and declared. That all Fees on Cri- 49G. 3. c. 101. minal Profecution9, and the feveral other Matters relating thereto, as to on payable to any Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or any of Criminal I’110*®" their Deputies, Sheriff, or Under Sheriff, Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or Turnkey or Crier, or other Perfon adling under them or any of au{jcity. 1 them, in Ireland, are and (hall be payable in the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, in the fame manner in all refpedls as in.the 6ther Counties of Ireland; and that in the faid County of Dublin Preferments in lieu of the Fees of fuch Perfons as fhall have been indicted, tried, acquitted and difeharged without paving Fees, (hall be made at the Prefenting Terms, in like manner in all refpedls as at the Aflizes in the other Counties of Ireland, under and by virtue of an Adi of the laft Scflion of Parliament for Emulating the Fees payable by Perfons charged with Treafon, Feioflpmd all other Offences at Aflizes and Quaner-Sefflons in Ireland^or any other Adi or Adis for fuch Purpofe.

L.XXXVI. And be it enadled, That all and Angular the feveral Prefrntracnts Sums of Money diredied by this Adi to be prefented by the Grand affelfed on Cwm-Juries of the feveral Counties in Ireland, fhall be raifed, levied, ap- tie* at hrfce. plotted and affefTed upon the faid Counties refpediively, after the lame manner as other rfefentments for County Charges.

JLXXXVII. And be it enadled, That if any of the faid Grand Prefeatm^its Juries, after having been properly called upon and diredied by fuch not made. Court and Judges refpediively to make fuen Preferments as are required or authorized by this Adi, (hall, notwithftanding, negledl or omit to make fuch Prefentment or Proviflon refpediively before the lail Day of the faid Aflizes or Prefenting Term refpediively, or (hall not prefent a fufficient Sum for any of the faid Porpofes, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid Court and Judges refpediively are hereby empowered, diredied and required7 to impofe fuch Fine or Fines on iViralij.

'fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town as they fhall deem juft arid neceflary, and as (hall be at lead equal to the Amount of fuen Deficiency: Provided always, that no fuch Fine or Fines Provifo. fhall be levied Upon fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, unlcfs fuch Fine (hall be confirmed at the next enfning Aflizes "or Prefenting Term, as the cafe may be, by the Court or Judge at fuch enfuing Aflizes or Prefenting Term.

LXXXVIII. And be it enadted, That in the Order for any HowAplic4* fuch Finefo to be impofed for refufing or omitting to make any w Prefentment, or for not prefenting a fufficient Sum, the particular

Objedl



Digitized by Google

320

A.D.i8io.

L/Vird a< Countv Pfeieiiuneuis.

Jttdgps nay i <*•

duct- I'relent-

PlfciJts.

♦ ♦

Court of K. ft.

and Ju lies of Aiii/c to examine

into manner of

o&ectmiic A&.

fkytncni Of Ex-

jM iice i meurjud

fine* lit July 1809,and before .U| rration of

Afr



x

C. 103.	50°	GEO.	III.

Objeft and Purpofe for which fuch Prefentment oyght to have been made (hall be Hated, and fuch Fine when levied (hall be applied to fuch Purpofe, and (hall be accounted for in like manner as if the fame had been reguiarly prefented bv^he Grand Jury for the faid Pur-poles refpeftively: Provided altnHp that every Fine*to be impofed upon any County purfuant to tTO^Aft, (hall be laid on, applotted and levied upon the County at large, iu the fame manner as Preferments made by the‘Grand Jury for County Charge*.

LXXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That if any of the faid Grand Juries (bail at any time prefent for any of the faid Pur-pofes a Sum which (hall appear to the Court to be greater than is proper or reafonable for Tuch Purpofe, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court or Judge who (hall con-i'rm or tiat inch Prefentment, *1 the time of fo continuing or hating the fame, to order that the fame (hall be reduced to fuch Sum as he or they (hall think proper, which (hall be done accordingly, and (hall be deemed, taken and proceeded on in the fame manner in all refpefts as if the fame had been originally fo prefented.

XC. And, in order that the beneficial Purpofes of this Aft may be more fully and faithfully carried into EfFeft, Be it enaded. That the faid Court of King’s Bench and Judges of Afiize (hall once in every Afiizes and Prefenting Term refpeftively, make diligent Enquiry by Examination on Oath in Court, and by fuch other ways $md means as they (hall think proper, concerning the feveral Malten For which Preferments are or (hall be by this or any other Ad relating to any of the Matters aforefaid direded or authorized to be made ^tttfpch Affizes or Term refpedively, and finally (ball decide after fuW mature Confide ration as to the Excrcife of the Powen fo hereinbefore given in that Refped.

4 XCL And whereas divers Hardfiiips have been lately found to

*	cxift in fome of the Priimis in Ireland, for which no Remedy had

*	been provide*! by Law, and it was not confident with Humanity or

*	Jultice that the fame (bon Id be allowed to remain unredrefled until

*	an Ad of Parliament (hot !d be patted, and divers Cofts" and Ex-4 pences have been and coocift ue to be incurred in removing the fame;* Be it therefore enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which at any time or times from the Fkft Day of July in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine to the Firll of July in the Year Oine thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall have been expended by or under the Orders or Authority of the Lord Lieutenant of IrelauJT and which if fo expended after the faid Firft Day of July One thou faod eight hundred and ten, would, under the Provifions of this Aft, be payable out of the Confolidatcd Fund of Ireland, (hall and may bi% paid and allowed out of the fame; and that all and every Sum ant 1 Sums which (hall have been fo expended within the laid Period, and which if expended after the faid Firfi Day of July in the Vear One thoufand eight hundred and ten would be properly leviable by Prefentmept, being duly vouched by the Oath ot the Perfo n or Perfons employed therein, (hall and may be levied and raifed by fuch Prefentment, and paid over, under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to replace the Money fo expended, any Law or Ufage to the contrary not-withftanding; and if by any means it (hall happen that any fuch

Sum

Digitized by CjOoq le

A.D.iSio.	jo°	GEO.	III.	C.	103,104.

Sam or Sums fhall not be fo levied, then, and in fuch cafe, and until the fame (hall be done, all and every fuch Sum and Sums fhall be paid and advanced out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

XCII. And be it further enabled, That if any A&ion (hall be brought or Suit commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing to be done in purfuance of this A<ft or in relation thereto, every fuch Action or Suit (hall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the Fa£t done, and the Venue thereof (hall be laid in the proper County and not elfewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants to fuch Adion may plead the General I(Tue and give this Ad and the Special Matter therein contained, in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if a Verdict (hall be given for the Defendant in fuch Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Ihall become nonfuited or fuffer a Difcontintiance of his, her or their Action or A&ions, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Defendant or Defendants (hall have and recover Double Cofts, the Plaintiffs firft fuggefling on the Record, by Leave of the Court, that the Adion was brought for an Ad done in purfuance of this Ad or in relation thereto, if the fame (hall not fufficiently appear by the Pleadings.

XCIII. And be it cnaded. That this Ad, and all and every Claufe, Matter and Thing therein contained, (hall commence on the Firfl Day of July in this prefent Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and (hall take Effed from thenceforth and not fooner.

XCIV, And be it enaded. That this Ad may bi amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be paflld during the prefent Scfliou of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Ad for altering the Amount of certain Duties of AflefTcd Taxes, granted by an Ad palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign *, and for granting to His Majedy certain other Duties of Affefled Taxes, on the Articles therein mentioned.	[20th	June	1810.3

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*\T7E Your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Com* W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament affembled, thinking it expedient that certain of the ' Duties, granted by an Ad pafTed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majeily’s Reign, on Servants and Carriages, herein deferibed, and on the Makers of fuch Carriages, (hould be altered, and new Duties granted in manner hereinafter mentioned ; do mod humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, ana from and after the Term of IVhitfunday One thoufand eight hundred and ten, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there (hall be affefled, raifed, levied and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and 50 Geo. III.	Y	Succcffors,

321

Limitation of Aftiom.

General Hue,

Double Coft*/

Commencement of Aa.

Aa may be al* tered, &c.

48 G. 3. C. 55.

Duties gtsteteiy

Digitized by CjOOQle

322

A.fc.iJft®.

Dun<*> to 1--u <!cr I	of

farmer Aits.

Same Commif-f|( llr: fi 11 11 Otfi • c^rs to execute this Act r are appoint ader former Acts.

C. 1(54.	$6°	geo. nt.

SuccefTors, the feveral Duties mentioned in the feveral Schedules to this Aft annexed, as the fame are therein refpeftively fet forth and deferibed ; which feveral Schedules, and the Duties therein contained, and the Rules fubjoined, (hall be deemed and confirm'd a Part of this Aft, as if the fame were inferted herein under a fpecial Enaftment.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Duties granted by this Aft (hall be affeffed, raifed, levied, paid and accounted for, under the fame Provifions and Regulations as the Duties granted by the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid are direfted to be affeflVd, raifed, levied, paid and accounted for; and the feveral Schedules hereunto annexed fhall be refpeftively added to the corrcfponding Schedules annexed to the faid Aft, and fhall be eonflrued as afxi deemed Part thereof refpeftively ; and this Aft fhall be eonflrued in fuch manner and to the like EfFeft in all relpefts, as if the Duties hereby granted were exprefsly granted under and fubjeft to the feveral Provifions, Allowances and Penalties to which the Duties granted by the faid Aft are fubjeft, and as if the faid feveral Provifions, Allowances and Penalties were exprefsly enafted in this Aft ; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid Aft, or in any Aft or Afts therein recited, mentioned or referred to, fo far as the fame are refpeftively applicable to the Duties granted by this Aft, fhall feverally and refpeftively, in the Execution of this Aft, be duly obferved, praftifed and put in Execution throughout the refpeftive Parts of Great Britain aforefaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things (except as aforefaid) were particularly and refpeftively repeated and re*enafted in the Body of this Aft, and (hall feverally be applied, conftrued, deemed and taken to belong to this Aft, in like manner as if the Came had been enafted therein, and exprefsly applied to the Duties hereby granted.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Perfons who now are or for the time being (ball be Commifiioners for putting

, in Execution the Jaid Aft or the Afts therein recited, mentioned or referred to, who (hall be refpeftively qualified and authorized to aft in the Execution of the laid Afts, (hall be Commifiioners for putting in Execution this Aft, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the refpeftive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in Scotland; and the feveral Affeffors, Collectors, Surveyors, InfpcCtors and Infpeftors General refpeftively appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the faid feveral Afts fhall refpeftively be Affeffors, Colleftors, Surveyors, Infpeftors and Infpeftors General to put in Execution this Aft, within the Limits of their refpeftive Diftrifts or Divifions to which they are or refpeftively (hall be appointed ; and they refpeftively are hereby empowered and required to do all things necef-fary for putting this Aft in Execution, with relation to the Duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is or (hall be authorized to put in Execution the faid feveral Afts; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, (hall be under the Care and Management ot the Commifiioners for the

Affairs

Digitized by

Google

AtB.iSift.

fo° GEO. III.

C. 104,

323

Affairs of Taxes for the time beings appointed or td be appointed b^r His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every Maker of any Carriage Mik' rs oFTax called- a Taxed Cart, built and conftruded according to the Regular Cart* to return lions df the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year afbrefaid, or of this their Names end Ad* for Sale, (hall caufe his Name and Place of Abode, and the TPlace or Places where fuch Trade or Buftnefs (hall be carried 011, to be returned to the Commiftioners for executing this Ad, in,like mapner as is required by any Law now in force to be done by Makers for Sale of other Carriages chargeable with Duty, and under the like Penalty ; and every fuch Maker fhall alfo, from time to time, enter in « Book the Number of fuch Carriages by him or her built and coin [trucled for Sale as Taxed Carts, and the Names and Places of Abode of the relpedive Perfons to whom fold, and the full Value of the fame, together with the full and juft Price or other Confider&tion paid or given or to.be paid or given for the fame, and the Day on which each fuch Carriage was delivered or fent out of his or her Shop or Warehoufe 5 all which Books fhall, at all reafonable times in the Day-time, be onen to the Infpedion of the AfTeffor or Colledor,

Surveyor or Infpedor of or for the Place where fuch Maker of Carriages fhall reiide; and every Perfon hereby required to enter and keep fuch Account, fhall, within Twenty one Days after the Tenth Day of OStober and Fifth Day of April in every Year after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in fuch Book within the preceding Half Year, to the AfTefTors or Colle&ors of the Ward,

Parifh or Place, or one of them, where fuch Maker of Carriages fhall refide; and when required fo to do by fuch Surveyor or In-fpedor, every fuch Maker of Carriages, his or her Chief Servant,

Workman or Manager, fhall make Oath, or, being one of the Perfons called Qaaicrif an Affirmation, of the Truth of fuch Account according to the beft of his Knowledge and Belief; and if any Maker of fuch Carriages fhall negled to keep fuch Account, or to deliver fuch Copy thereof, or fhall wilfully omit any Description, Matter Qr Thing which ought to be contained therein, or fhall make therein any falfe Entry of any Particular which ought to be contained therein, he, fhe or they fo offending fhall forfeit and pav any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, lor be recovered or levied oy afty Ad or Ada ia relation to the Duties of AfTefTed Taxes.

V.	And be it further enaded, That every Maker of Carriages Makers of Taxed herein * called Taxed Carts, for Sale, fhaU, before the Delivery out Cam to paint of his or her Shop, Warehoufe or Premifes, to or for the Purchaser Price and . thereof, caufe the Name and Place of Abode of the Purchafer °*r‘cr 5 Name thereof, and the Worda « A Taxed Cart,” and alfo the Name and Uel,v"7* Place of Abode ©f the Maker thereof, and the full Valu$ thereof, or the ©dual Price or Confideration paid or given or to be paid or given for the fame, to be painted in a confpicuous Part of the Out-Jide of the back Part of the faid Carriage, in Words at Length, arid in Roman Charadert in Black Letters on a White Ground, or in White Letters on a Black Ground, each of the faid Lefters being at leaft One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion5 and if any Maker of any fuch Carriage (hail deliver the fame* or permit or fuffer the fame to be delivered from ot out of his of her Shop, Ware-houfc or Premifes, to or for the Purchafer thereof, without ha

y 2

A.D.iSio.

tlfing Carts walkout Particulars pimcd. Penal 7.

Comtron Stage Carts may be tiled in certain safe*.

Provifo.

In what cafes

Commiflioners to give Notice to Proprietor td prutlm e fame before them.

Provifo.

firfl caufed the feveral Particulars before mentioned to be painted thereon in Form and Manner aforefaid; or if any Perfon (hall ufe any fuch Carriage built or conftru&ed or purchafed after the palling of this Ad without the Particulars aforefaid, and each and every of them, being painted thereon in Form and Manner aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered or levied as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&cd, That every Cart having the Name and Place of Refidence of the Owner, and the Words “ Common Stage Cart” legibly painted thereon, which (hall be kept truly and without Fraud to be ufed wholly in the Affairs of Hu(bandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Courfe of Trade, although the Owner or his or her Servant or Servants (hall or may occafionaliy ride therein when laden, or when returning from any Place to which or when going to any Place from which any Load (hall have been or (hall be to be carried in fuch Cart in the Courfe of Hu(bandry or Trade, and although fuch Cart (hall be ufed for the Purpofe of riding therein or thereon, on the Occafions and in the manner herein mentioned; that is to fay, for the Purpofe of procuring Medical Afiiftance for the Owner or any of his or her Family, or for the Purpofe of carrying Goods to or bringing back Goods from Market, or carrying the Owner or any of his or her Family to or from any Place of pub-lick Worfhrp, or to or from any Election of Members to ferve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Juftice, or to or from any Meeting of Commiflioners of Taxes, (hall be exempted from tl»e Duties granted by the faid A A or this Ad on Carriages ; Provided fuch Cart (hall not have been let to Hire for any of the faid Purposes.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Queftion (hall arife, whether from the manner in which any Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels (hall have been built or con (traded, or (hail be ufed, or from the Omifiion of painting thereon any of the Particulars required by the faid Ad or this Act, or from painting the fame contrary to the Regulations of the faid Ad or this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to give Notice to the Proprietor of the faid Carriage, of the Perfon having the Pofleffion thereof, to produce the fame before the faid Commiflioners on a Day and at a Place to be named in fuch Notice, and upon the Production thereof it' (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, after due Infpedion thereof, to adjudge the Rate of Duty at which the faid Carriage (hall be charged according to the bed of their Judgment and Belief, fubjed to a Cafe to be dated purfuant to the Diredions of the Ads relating to the .Duties of Affeflcd Taxes, if fuch Cafe (hall be lawfully demanded ; and if, after fuch Infpedion, any Doubt (hall remain with the faid

. Commiflioners as to which of one or other of the faid Rates of Duty the faid Carriage ought to be charged, it (hall be lawful for them to charge fuch Carriage to the lower of the faid Rates of Duty, if they (hall be of Opinion that the Particulars on which they entertained the Doubt were not wilfully or fraudulently contrived for the Purpofe of evading the higher of the faid Rates of Duty, fubjed to fuch Cafe aforefaid; Provided, that in every Cafe where any reafonable Doubt aa aforefaid (hall have ariien, and the Commiflioners (hall be of Opinion that the fame hath been occafioned without any fraudulent Contrivance or Intention to defraud the Revenue, it (hall be lawful

for

Digitized by Google •

For them to remit and flrike off the Whole of the double Duty which might, have arifen on any Increafe of the Duty chargeable in fuch Cale.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the pafling Exemption of this Ad any Window or Light in any Room of a Dwelling Houle on W*** ufed wholly for the Purpofe of carrying on any Manufadurc therein, dows*

and not having any internal Communication with fuch Dwelling Houfe or any Part thereof, although adjoiuing thereto and in other refpe^ts a Part thereof, (hall be exempt from the Duties on Windows or Lights granted by the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies arifing from Monies to be the Duties hereby impofed (the neceflary Charges of raiftng and ac- carried into counting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into Exchequer, the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjlcr, together

with the Duties granted by the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, in one Sum, to the Account of AflefTed Taxes, and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Gardeners afting in the Capacity herein mentioned.

No. I.	£.	x.	d%

For every Gardener who (hall have contraded for the keeping of any Garden, wherein the conjlant La* hour of one Perfon (hall not be necefTary, there fhall he charged the annual Sum of -	•	Q	6 o

and no more.

To be charged under the fame Rules and fubjed to the fame Ex* emptions as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaidy marked C. No. If. are direded to be charged.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Carriages called Taxed Carts.

No. I.	£.	x. d.

For every Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and con-llruded according to the Regulations of the faid Ad in every refped, the original Price of which (hall not have exceeded or the Value whereof (hall not at any time exceed the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and which (hall not at any time be ufed with a covered or (luffed Seat, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, there (hall he charged the annual Sum of -	*	I	6 6

No. II.

For every fuch Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and conftruded with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, (except of Iron, Steel, or any other Metallic Subfcmce, or any Compofitkm of

Y3 r	Iro*;

Digitized by

3*6	C.	104.

5©° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

Iron, Steel, or other Metallic Subftance, either j£.	^	A

wholly or in Part) the original Price of which Carriage (hall not have exceeded or the Value whereof fhall not at any time exceed the Sum of Twenty one Pounds Sterling, or which fhall be ufed with a (luffed Seat or Cufhion, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, there fhall be charged the annual Sum of -	*	-	*10©

Save and except always, all Carriages built and conftru&ed as afore-faid, and of the refpeftive Values herein mentioned, and ufed in manner before mentioned, belonging to any Perfon or Perfbns who are or fhall be liable to be aflVfled to the Duties granted by the Caid Aft in refpeft of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or fhajl be liable to be aflefled to the Duties granted by the faid Aft on Male Servants in refpeft of Two fuch Male Servants, which Perfbns refpeftively fhall be charged for fuch Carriages although built, conilrufted, valued and ufed as aforefaid at the Rate preferibed in the Schedule of the faid Aft marked D. No. II. or according to the Schedule of this Aft marked No. III. as the Cafe may require.

The faid feveral Duties on Taxed Carts to be charged under the fame Rules, and fubjeft to the fame Exemptions as the Duties con-tained in the Schedule of the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year afore* (aid, marked D. No. IV. are direfted to be charged.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Carriages with lefs than Four Wheels,

For every Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels chargeable by the faid Aft of the Forty eighth of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, with the Duty of £. 5. 18/. if drawn by One Horfe, Mare or Gelding, and no more, there (hall be charged the like Amount of Duty for every fuch Carriage drawn by One Horfe,

Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, viz. the annnual Sum of	-	-	-	-	5	18 ©

for every fuch Carriage chargeable by the faid Aft with the Duty of £ 8. 5*. if drawn by Two or more Horfes, Mares or Geldings, there fhall be charged the like Amount of Duty for every fuch Carriage drawn by more than One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule, viz. the annual Sum of	-	-	8	5 ©

And for any additional Body fucceflively ufed on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels chargeable by the faid Aft with the further Duty of £. 2. i6j. there (hall be charged the like Amount of further Duty, for every additional Body fucceflively ufed on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, if drawn in the manner herein mentioned, viz. the further annual Sum of -	-	-	2	16 O

The faid feveral Duties on Carriages with lefs than Four Wheels to be charged according to the Rule in the Schedule to the faid Aft

n#rke<t

No. III.

£* x. </«

Digitized by

Google

A.D,i&k).

50® GEO« III.	C.	104,105..

marked D. No* IJ. and to extend-to all Carriages with leis than Four Wheels mentioned or defcribed in the faid Ad, and which fhall not be built and conftruded or ufed according to the Regulations prefcribed by the faid Adi or this Adi for Taxed Carts.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Makers of Carriages: called Taxed Carts chargeable with Duty by the faid A£l or this A£ty and on the Sale of fuch Carriages by fuch Makers.

Upon every Maker or Makers of any Carriage built, £. t. d, confl.rudied and ufed according to the Regulations prefcribed by Law for Taxed Carts, and of the Values limited eithjr by the Schedule of the faid Abi of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, or by this Schedule, there (hall be charged the annual Duty of 026' By every fuch Maker or Makers of Carriages as aforefaid, for every fuch Carriage which he, fhe or they fhall make, build or conftrudl for Sale, the Sum of o 2	6

, The faid feveral Duties on fuch Makers of Taxed Carts to be> charged in the fame manner as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the faid Act marked D. No. V. are diredled to be charged.

Save and except any Maker or Makers of Carriages with Foux Wheels, or of Carriages with lefs than Four Wheels, duly afTefled as fuch to the Duties contained in the faid Ad of the Forty-eighth Year aforefaid.

An AGt to regulate; the Manner of making Surcharges of the Duties of Aflefled Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits arifing from Property, Profeflions, Trades and Offices; and for amending the Ads relating to the faid Duties refped-

HEREAS it is expedient, that certain of the Powers and

Provifions contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Duties of Aflefled Taxes, or to the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades and Offices, (hould be amended, in the Particulars hereinafter mentioned: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad, the feveral Surveyors and Infpedors appointed or to be appointed by His Majefty in purfuance of the faid Ads, to carry into Execution the Powers therein given to them, itf that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall, in making any Increafe of Duty cither on the Returns of Parties or the Eftimates of Afleflbrs, or the Afleflments made by Commiffioner* under the faid Ads, obferve the following Rules and Diredions for their Government, and fhall be fubjed to the feveral Provifions therein contained ; which Rules and Diredions (hall be of the like Force and Effed as if the fame were herein inferted under a fpccial Enad-meut.

CAP. CV.

ively.

[20th June 1810.]

Y4

RUEES

3*8

C. 10$.

$oe GEO. III.

A.D.1810.

Surveyor* and Infpe&ors to examine Returns and Afleffment*, and may amend them, $cc.

After Affeff-ments are allowed Surveyor to certify Oiuif-fions to Com-milTiuners by way of Surcharge.

RULES and DIRECTIONS for making Objeftiona and Charges, and for limiting the Times of making the fame in certain Cafes, in that Part of Great Britain called England*

Firfk.—rEvery Surveyor and Infpeftor appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of the faid Afts or any of them, (hall be and they are hereby empowered and ftriftly enjoined and required to infpeft and examine all and every the Returns of Lifts, Statements, Declarations,. Accounts pr Eftimatcs, made by any Perfan or Perfons chargeable to the faid Duties or any of them, or by any Affeffors of any of the faid Duties, according to the Directions of any Aft or Afts before mentioned, and alfo jul and every the firft Affeffments of the faid Duties or any of them, made for any Parifh, Ward or Place for any Year, 3s well before as after the refpettive Commiflioners afting in the Execution of the faid Afts refpectively fh'all have figned and allowed the firft Affeffments made for Inch Parifh, Ward or Place, for that Year : And if he or they fhall difeover any Error or wrong Amount or Computation of Duty therein ; or that any Perfon who ought to be charged with the faid Duties or any of them fhall have duly made a Return as required by the faid Adis refpeftively, but fhall have been omitted to be charged with the faid Duties or any of them, or fhall be under-rated in the faid firft Affeffment, and that the faid Return doth contain Matters fufficient whereby the faid Surveyor or Infpeftor may rate fuch Perfon in the faid firft Affeffment to the full Duties chargeable upon him or her, according to, or by or from fuch Return, it fhall be lawful for the faid Surveyor or Tnfpeftor and they re-fpedlively are hereby required, before fuch Allowance, to corrcft and amend fuch Affeffments, and to charge fuch Perfon to the full Amount and at the full Rate of .Duty at which he or fhe ought to be charged, according to his or her Return fo delivered.

Second.—If any fuch Surveyor or Infpeftor fhall, after any fuch Affeffment or AfTefTments in refpeft of the Duties of AfTefTed Taxes, fhall be figned and allowed by the faid Commiflioners, or if any fuch Surveyor or Infpeftor fhall, after any fuch Afleffment or Affeffmenu in refpeft of the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Pro-feffions, Trades or Offices, fhall be figned or allowed by the Com-miflioners afting for the general Purpofesof the Afts relating to the faid Duties, find or difeover upon his Survey or Examination, oc otherwife, that any Perfon liable to the faid Duties or any of them, in refpeft of xyhich fuch Lifts, Statements, Accounts or Eftimates as aforelaid ought to have been delivered, hath not made any Return as by the faid Aft or Afts is required, or hath omitted any Perfon, or any Propertyj or Profits, or the Amount or Value thereof, or any Article, Matter or Thing, or any Defcription of the fame which ought to have been returned, or hath not returned the full Amount or value of any Property, or Profits as required by any of the fait} Afts, fo that be or fhe fhall not on account of fuch Default or Omif, Son have been charged to the Amount which ought to be paid by him or her, or that any Exemption, Allowance or Deduftion, which i* not allowed by the refpeftive Afts relating to the faid Duties, fhad have been claimed in or by fuch Return, then, and in every fuoh Cafe, ft (hall be lawful for the laid Surveyor or Infpeftor to certify the fame in Writing, together with an Account of every fuch Default, Omif-£qn or Claim, with the Name or Description of the Perfon or Thing

po;

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.i8iq.

3:9

50° GEO. III.

C. 105.

not returned or omitted, to the beft of his Knowledge and Belief, and the full Amount of the Single Duty by which the Afleffment ought to be increafed, explicitly ftating tfie Particulars in refped of which fuch Charge has been made, and to deliver the fame to any Two or more of the faid Commiflioners for putting in Execution the faid Ads refpedively, or to their Clerk, in order to have fuch Default, Omiflion or Claim, and the Under-rate occafioned thereby, rectified 5 and fuch Commiflioners are, upon the Delivery of any lTpon Delivery fuch Certificate, and upon Oath being firft made either by the In- Certificate, fpedor or Surveyor, or any other credible Witnefs or Witneffes who anfl fhall have ferved the fame, that a Notice to the Effed hereinafter ^^ 0ljvr,^ mentioned was duly ferved, required to fign and allow the faid Cer- (xHnmiffionen tificatcs, and to caufe fupplementary AflefTments to be made according to allow Cer-lo fuch Certificates, fubjed to Appeal as hereinafter is allowed. tificatcs.

Third.—Every Perfon in whofe Cuftody any fuch Lifts, State- LiftsdeTw»red moots. Accounts or Eftimates fhall be, fhall and is hereby required, 10 Surveyed, upon the Requeft of any fuch Surveyor or Infpedor as aforefaid, to a,uI Aflefi'mt-iits deliver the fame into his Cuftody for the Purpofes aforefaid, talking his Receipt for the fame; and every Perfon in whofe Cuftody any * fuch Afleflinent fhall be, fhall and is hereby required, upon the Requeft of fuch Surveyor or Infpedor as aforefaid, to produce the fame ; and fuch Surveyor or Infpedor is hereby authorized to take Charge of the fame, until lie fhall have taken fuch Copies of or Extracts from the fame, as may be neceflary for his and their better Information.

Fourth.—The faid Infpedors and Surveyors fhall give or caufe to Notice to Vtv~ be given to every Perfon fo charged, or leave or caufe to be left at charged, his or her laft or ufual Place of Abode, in the Diftrid where fuch Charge was made, or on the Premifes charged with the Affeflment, as the Cafe fhall require, and as fhall have been direded by the feveral Ads relating to the faid Duties refpedively, Notice in Writing of fuch Charge, and of the Amount of Duty to be included in the Certificate of fuch Charge, and the Particulars thereof; which Charges the faid IrfpeCtors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make, at or before fuch times as are direded by the faid Ads or this Ad for the Delivery of the Certificates of fuch Charges to the faid refpedive Commiflioners.

Fifth.—In default of a Meeting of the faid refpedive Commif- In it hat cafe fioners before the time limited by the faid Acts or this Ad, for the Delivery t-f Or-Hearing of any Appeals from the Charges of the faid Surveyor or tifica-.e of S>ur-Infpedor, or if the faid Surveyor or Infpedor fhall not have had Notice of a Meeting of the faid refpedive Commiflioners, it (hall be 11 ciem* lawful for the faid Commiflioners and they are hereby required, at their Firft Meeting to be held thereafter, to fign and allow the faid Certificates, and afterwards to hear and determine all Appeals therefrom. '

Sixth.—The Certificate delivered to the Commiflioners containing Certificate the Day or Days of Service of the Notice delivered to the Party* fufficient Proof charged fhall be deemed fufficient Proof of the Contents thereof, ot Contents rf iiniMs the contrary be (hewn on the Produdion of fuch Notice to the faid refpedive Commiflioners by the Party charged; and no Proof of the Contents of any fuch Notice fhall be required by the (aid Commiflioners to be given to them, cither by a Copy thereof 9r othervvife, previous to their figning or allowing the laid Certificates,



Digitized by

33*

A.EX 131 o.

Oath.

AfTMTments or Charts not impeached on account ol M\f-take» in NlIWi <?r Ddcri])iiom.

Item Double Duty avoided.

Surveyor may certify fame, iwd Tarty (ball be charged at Stngfe Duty.

C. io;<	$o~	GEO.	Ill,

•

ficates, nor upon Appeal therefrom* nor other Proof in any Matter relating to the lame, except ah afore faid; and except the Oath of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have ferved fuch Notices as hereinbefore directed, and which (hall be in the Form and to the Effedl following j that is to fay,

4 J A. B. do fwear. That a Notice in Writing was duly ferved 4 upon each Perfon mentioned in the above Certificate, containing 4 the Particulars as fet forth therein refpedtively, on the Day Qr • Days mentioned in the faid Certificate.*

Seventh.—No Affeffment made or to be made by any AfiVfibr or Affeffora of the faid Duties refpe&ively, nor any Charge made or to be made by any Surveyor or Infpedlor upon luch Affeffment, fhali be impeached or affected by reafon of any Miftake in the Chriflian or Surname or either of them, of any Perfon liable to any of the faid Duties, nor by reafon of any Miflake in the Defcription of any Pro-

Eor Profits, or of any Servant or Perfon, or of any Article, er or Thing for which the Perfon fo charged (hall be liable to any of the faid Duties, uor by reafon of any Miflake in the Amount of the Duty charged, nor by any Variance between the Notice and the Certificate of Charge, whether fuch Miflake fhali appear in or fuch Variance (hall arife from the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in fuch Cafe, or in either of them ; but that all fuch Affeffmentt and Charges lhall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes, notwithftauding any fuch Miflake or Variance: Provided, that in Cafes of Charge the Notice thereof be duly ferved on the Perfon intended to be fo charged, and fuch Notice and Certificate do fcverallT contain in Subffance and Effedl the feveral Particulars on which fuch Charge (hall have been made; and every fuch Charge fhali be heard and determined on the Merits, in fuch manner as in the faid Adis or in this Adi is diredled.

Eighth.—It fhali be lawful for any Perfon to whom fuch Notice of Charge (hall be given as afore faid, on occafion of his or her having neglcdlea to make any Return as required by the faid Adi or Adis, at any time previous to the time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of fuch Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Infpedlor who (hall have delivered the Notice of Charge, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Statement, Account or Eftimate of all Matters and Things required by the (aid Adi or Adis to be returned; fo that he or (he may from fuch lad mentioned Lift, Statement. Account or Efcimate fo to be delivered, be charged to the faid Duties refpedlivi-ly the full Sum at which he or (he ought to be charged by virtue of the faid Adi or Arts; provided, that to every fuch Lift, Statement, Account or Eftimate, there (hall be annexed a Declaration in Writing in the Form and to the Effedl hereinafter mentioned ; and if the faid Surveyor or Infpedlor (hall be fatis-fied with fuch Lift, Statement, Account or Eftimate, and the Declaration annexed thereto, then he lhall certify fuch Return and Declaration annexed thereto to Two or more of the faid Commif-fioners, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged ; who (hall thereupon caufe the Affeffment to be made according to fuch Ceiti-ficate, and vhe fame Rate of Single Duty as fet forth in the faid feveral Adis refpedlively, to be charged on the Perfon making fuch Return, without further Trouble or Delay \ but if upon Examination

of

Digitized by Google

A-D.i8io.

33i

50* QEQ. III.

C.ioj.

«*F fuch Lift or Return, and Declaration annexed thereto, the laid If Hiflatisfied

Swveyor or Infpedor (hall fee juft Caufe to objed thereto, he (hall ,nay OU thereupon certify fuch Return and Declaration annexed thereto, to- Jtv*l0Q* epetber with the Caufe of hi6 Objection, to Two or more of the faid Comnpii&uners, who (hall thereupon caufe the AflefTment to be xxvade according to fuch laft mentioned Certificate in Double the ^Vmount of the Duty at which he or (he (hall be charged, and from which Charge no Abatement (hall be made on any Pretence, unlefs Oil Appeal as hereinafter is directed ; of which Objedion, Notice (hall Notice of be given by the Surveyor or Infpedor to the Perfon to be charged Objetfiou. thereby, together with the Caufe of his Objedion to the faid Return And Declaration to be annexed thereto; and the faid Commifiioners (hall determine the faid Objedions on the Merits, without further Notice of Appeal from the Party fo charged.

Ninth.—Every fuch Declaration, in Cafes where no Return hath Declaration to been previoufly made by the Perfon fo charged for the fame Year, CLntain a faus-ihall ailedge and declare in Subftance, or to the Effed as follows ;

(that is to fay) That he or (he the faid Exhibitant was not at his or p^r(* her DwelUng-houfe or other Place of Abode at the time appointed be a'iteOe<! I>y for the fixing or Delivery of General or other Notices for making a credible Wit-Return as required by the faid Ad or Ads, nor between that Day «cflcs. and the time limited for making fuch Return to the Affeffor, and that he or (he hath not received or had any Knowledge of any fuch Notice ; or, that he or (he was difabled by Sicknefs from making fuch Return ; or, that the Non-delivery of fuch Return was occafioned by the following Miftake or Accident, without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, videlicet) \herc fet forth the Caufe of fuch Default] ; and that the Return to which the Declaration of the faid Exhibitant is annexed is a full, perfed and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the faid Exhibitant by the faid Ad or Ads, or by this Ad, to the beft of his or her Judgment and Belief:—Which JDeclaratiou and Return (hall feverally and refpedively be figned by the Party making the fame, in the Proper Name and Hand-writing or Sign of the faid Party, and, attefted by any One or more credible .Witnefs or WitnelTes, who fhrill have Ceen the faid 'Party fubferibe or fign the fame, and (hall atteft the Signature thereof in the proper Names and Hand-writing of the faid Witnefs or Witneffes refpedively ; provided every fuch Witnefs (hall be ap Inhabitant of the fame Ward, Pari(b or Place where the faid Party (hall refide, and who Iball be rated in the Affeffinent of the fame Duties for the fame Ward,

Parifti or Place afore faid, or if in any Place there (hall be no Inhabitant competent to be fuch Witnefs, then the faid Declaration (hall be attefted by fome credible Witnefs, rated as aforefaid, and refilling in the next adjoining Parifh where the faid Party (hall refide.

Tenth.—It (hall be lawful for any Perfon to whom fuch Notice of How,onCbarg< Charge (hall be ferved on occafion of his or her having omitted in the forany Omiftios Return before made for the fame Year, any Pcrfcn, Property, Profits, p0auMelp"’v Description, Statement, Account or Eftimate, or any Article, Matter ™^avoided, or Thiug which ought to have been contained in fuch former Return, or which (hall be mentioned in fuch -Notice of Charge not to be contained io fuch former Return, or of having claimed any Exemption, Allowance or Dedudion not allowed by the faid Ad or Ad* refpedively* or of having returned the Amount or Value of any Property or Profits at lefs than the Sum whjclj ought to be returned

according

Digitized by^

A.D.tSio.



■Charge made in Single Dutv, unlftfc Surveyor certify Objection,

Form of Declaration in Cafes •f Charge for defe&ive Returns.

No Declaration required if Party /rive Notice in Writing to Surveyor that his Return is eor-Ttt\, &c.

C. 105#	50* GEO, III.

according to the laid Afts refpeftively, if he or (he (hall confent or agree to fuch Charge, to give Notice in Writing of his or her Confent accordingly to the faid Surveyor or Infpcftor; and the faid Surveyor or Infpeftor fliall certify fuch Confent, and the Amount of the Single Duty which ought to be charged to the faid Com-miflioners, according to which Certificate the Party charged, and con* fenting thereunto, (hall be aflefled in the Single Duty, and fuch Confent (hall be deemed equivalent to an amended Return and Declaration as required by this Aft 5 or fuch Perfon fo charged, if he or (he (hall not fo confent or agree in manner aforefaid, may amend fuch former Return, by delivering to the Surveyor or Infpeftor as aforefaid, a Supplementary Lift, Statement, Account or Eftimate, according to the Directions of the faid Afts refpeftively, and as the Cafe may require, to which a Declaration in Writing (hall be annexed to the Effeft hereinafter mentioned ; and the faid Surveyor or Infpeftor (hall be at Liberty to certify his Satisfaftion therewith, or his Objeftion thereto, to the faid refpeftive Commiflioners ; according to which Certificate the Party charged (hall be aflefled in the Single Duty if fuch Surveyor or Infpeftor (hall be fatisfied therewith, or in the Double Duty in the manner hereinbefore directed, in Cafes where no previous Return (hall have been made, and as the Cafe may require, fobjeft to the like Power of Appeal from fuch Objection, and to the like Proceedings in all other reipefts as are before given.

Eleventh.—Every fuch laft mentioned Declaration (hall alledge and declare the Grounds and Caufe of each Omillion made or mentioned in fuch Notice of Charge, to have been made in fuch former Return, and alfo the Grounds and Caufe of each Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Dedu&ion, and alfo that the Return to which the faid Declaration is annexed is a full, perfeft and complete Return of all Matters and Tilings required of him qr her by the faid Aft or Afts, or by this Aft, to which the faid Charge (hall relate, to the beft of his or her Judgment and Belief, and that fuch Omiflion or Claim was not made with Intention to defraud the Revenue; which faid laft mentioned Declaration and Return (hall feverally and refpeftively be ligned and attefted in the manner before directed in cafes of other Declarations and Returns before mentioned.

Twelfth.—No Return or Declaration fliall be required of any Property, Prolits, Article, Matter or Thing of which the Party charged (hall have made a due Return for the fame Year, but the faid Party (hall be at Liberty to give Notice in Writing to the faid Surveyor or Iufpeftor that he or (he doth abide bv fuch former Return; or may make out and deliver a Supplementary Return and Declaration in the manner before directed ; which Return and Declaration, together with the Return before made, fubjeft neverthelefs to the Objeftion of the faid Surveyor or Infpeftor in manner aforefaid, (hall be deemed full, perfeft and complete Returns, if the fame (hall together include all Articles, Matters and Things for which the Party fo charged (hall be chargeable ; and no Perfon (hall be liable to the Penalties contained in this Aft for any Article, Matter or Thing which (hall have been returned by him or her in manner aforefaid, fo that he or (he might have been fully charged to the faid refpeftive Duties chargeaWe thereon, but only for fuch Articles, Matters or Things which (hiU not have been returned by him or ber in manner aforefaid.

Thirteenth,

Digitized by L^ooQle

AD.i8id.

333

50° GEO. lit	C. 105.

Thirteenth.—If any Surveyor or Infpedor {hall wilfully make any Wxatious £Jle and vexatious Charge of any of the faid Duties, or {hall wilfully Charge, &<*. deliver or caufe to be delivered to the refpedive Commiflioners for executing the faid Ads or any of them, any falfe and vexatious Certificate of Charge of any of the faid Duties, or any falfe and vexatious Certificate of Objedion to any Supplementary Return, or (hall be guilty of any fraudulent, illegal or unjuft Condud in the Profe-cutionof any Charge of any of the faid Duties, or (hall wilfully neglcd the Duty of his Office, or in any manner offend againft the Laws for regulating the Duty of his faid Office, and the fame {hall be proved on the Certificate of the faid refpedive Commiflioners of the Divifion where fuch Offence (hall be committed, or any Two or more cf them, or on the Affidavit on Oath or folemn Affirmation, to be taken before any One of the faid refpedive Commiflioners, of any credible Perfon or Perfons to the Satisfadion of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two or more of them, or by the Confeflion of the faid Surveyor or Infpedor, it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for any fuch Offence, to fufpend the Payment to the faid Surveyor or Infpedor of all or any Reward, Emolument or Advantage which the laid Surveyor or Infpedor would be entitled to under the faid Ads or any of them, for any Increafeof Duty or Overplus above the Rate of Duty occafioned by the Information or Charge of the faid Surveyor or Infpedor, or fuch Part thereof as the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes (hall deem Juft and neceflary, and finally to withhold the fame, and dired the lame to be paid by the Receiver General into His Majefty’s Receipt of Exchequer; unlefs the Lords Commiflioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treafury {hall think fit to reft ore the fame to the faid Surveyor or Infpedor, or to mitigate and leffen the Sum ft> to be withheld and paid over into His Majefty’s Exchequer : Provided always, that no- Proviio. thing hereinbefore contained {hall be conftrued to impeach or affect any Adion or Suit for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties im-pofed by any former Ad or Ads, againft fuch Surveyor or Infpedor for any fuch Offence or Offences as aforefaid, or for any falfe and vexatious Charge of any of the faid Duties; but all fuch Penalties, and the Powers for Recovery thereof, {hall be and remain in Force notwithftanding the Powers of this Ad, or any Ad or Thing done in purfuance thereof.

Fourteenth.—Where any Perfon or Perfons thinking himfelf, her- Appeal, felf or themfelves refpedively overcharged or over-rated by any Charge or Certificate of Objedion by any Surveyor or Infpedor as aforelaid, or by any Afleffment to be made by virtue or in purfuance of fuch Charge or Certificate, {hall have appealed therefrom to the faid Commiflioners according to the Directions of the faid Ads refpedively, the Appellant (hall, upon the Hearing fuch Appeal, in all Cafes where a Lift, Statement, Account or Eltimate in Writing, fliall or ought to have been delivered by the faid Appellant to the Afleffor, produce or caufe to be prodneed before the faid Commif- ProHu&ion sJi oners a true, perfed and complete Lift, Statement, Account or Lift*, &c.

E Hi mate, as the Cafe may require, to the beft of the Judgment and Belief of the faid Appellant, with a Declaration in Writing thereunto annexed, to the Effed hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay) the faid Appellant fhall declare that the Lift, Statement, Account or Eftixnatc to which the faid Declaration is annexed, doth contain, all

Matters

( hargrs con-f. nut*d in default of Production.

Afleflments Trade in Double Duty, &c.

I n wliat cafe Double Duly quitted#

Double Duty remit tM where Default lias been iorre<fle<l by Party’s Return.

iMoiety of Doable Duty remitted where De-fa uU not fraudulent.

Matters and Things required of the faid Appellant to be returned by him or her, for which he or (he is chargeable by virtue of aay Ad or Ads, to the bed of his or her Judgment and Belief j which Return and Declaration (hall feverally and refpe&ively be figned by the faid Appellant in the proper Name and Hand-writing of the hid Appellant; and in default of the Produ&ion of fuch Lift, Statement. Account or Eftimate, by or on the Behalf of the faid Appellant, with fuch Declaration annexed, the faid Commiflioners (hall confirm the Charge or Objedlion agaiult which fuch Appeal was made.

Fifteenth.—Upon every Charge allowed or confirmed by the re-fpe&ive Commiflioners, in the whole or in part, upon which any Increafe of Duty (hall be made, the Affeffments thereupon (hall be made in Double the Amount of Duty which (hall have been charged in the Supplementary Affeffments on occalion of fuch Charge, uulefs where the fame is olherwife provided for by this Ad.

Sixteenth.—Where an amended Return, with a Declaration annexed thereto, (hall not be delivered to the Surveyor or Inlpedor, and where no Lift, Statement, Account or Eftimate with fuch Declaration annexed as aforefaid (hall be produced to the (aid Commif-fioners, on the Hearing of fuch Appeal, it (hall not be lawful for the faid refpe&ive Commiflioners to make any Abatement, Defalcation or Remiflion of the faid Double Duty or any Part thereof, but the fame (hall ftand good and remain Part of the annual Afleflment; unless the Party charged (hall have given Notice of his or her Confent to the Charge of the faid Surveyor or Infpe&or, or unlefs the laid re-fpe&ive Commiflioners (hall be of Opinion, that the faid Surveyor or Infpe&or was or were enabled to correct or amend the tirft Afleff-ments of the faid Duties for that Year, according to the Directions of this A&, by means of oi' by Reference to the original Return of the Party fo charged, in which Cafes it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners who (hall have confirmed fuch Charge, at the fame time to remit aud ftrike off the Whole of the faid Double Duty.

Seventeenth.—Upon every Charge confirmed upon Appeal, if the faid Commiflioners (hall, after Examination of the Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence produced on his or her Behalf, as dire&ed by the faid Adis refpedtively, be of Opinion that the ailedged Default, Neele&, Omiflion or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, hath been duly accounted for, and that the Caufe or Caufes have been truly Hated in any amended Return and annexed Declaration, and that the Appellant had a juft or reafonable Caufe of controverting the faid Charge, and that the faid Default, Negledt, Omiffion or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Dedu&ion, was not wilfully made and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners who (hall have determined the faid Appeal, although they (hail have confirmed the Charge in part or in the whole, at the fame time to remit and ftrike off the whole of the Double Dutv.

Eighteenth.—Upon every Charge confirmed upon Appeal, although no amended Return (hall have been delivered to the Surveyor or InfpeCtor as allowed by this A6t, if the faid Commiflioners (hall, after Examination of the Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence produced on his or her Behalf, as dire&ed by the faid Adis refpe&ively, be of Opinion that the ailedged Default, NegleCt, Omiflion or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, was not wilfully made, and 8	with

Digitized by CjOoq le

335

A.B.l&o.	50°	GEO. III.	C.	105

with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it (hall be lawful for the fiid Commiffioners who fhall have determined the faid Appeal, at the fame time to remit and (trike off any Part of the faid Double Duty, not exceeding One Moiety thereof; Provided that in every fuch cafe if the Appellant (hall prove to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, that he or (he hath been prevented from making fuch amended Return within the time herein limited by Abfence or Sicknefs or other fuflicient Caufe, and that fuch Default, Ncgleft, Omiflior. or Claim as aforefaid was not wilfully made, and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com-miflioners to remit aad ltrike off the Whole of the laid Double Duty.

Nineteenth.—Nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to grant the Double Duty, or any Part thereof, on any of the faid Duties, if the Party charged (hall not by the Laws in Force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, be direfted to return the Article, Matter or Thing on which the faid Duties (hall be chargeable, and for which the faid Party was fo charged.

Twentieth.—Every Increafe of Duty made by occafion of fuch Charges, whether the Whole of the Double Duty fhall be remitted or not, and alfo the Double Duty, or fuch Part thereof which (hall not be remitted, (hall be certified on the Supplementary Af-feffments to be made for each Year under the Hands of the faid refpeftivc Commiflioners or any Two of them, to the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes (hall have Authority to direft the Receiver General who (hall have received the faid Increafe and Double Duty, to pay to the (aid Surveyor and Infpeftor out of the fame in fuch Proportions as they (hall think proper, or to either of them as they fee fit, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Rate which fhall have been fettled by the Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury, or the High Treafurer for the time being, as a Reward for their Labour and Diligence in making fuch Increafe of Duty ; and the Certificate of the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, fhall be a Warrant to the faid Receiver 6eneral to pay the fame.

Twenty firft.—The Determination of the Commiffioners afting for the General Purpofes of the Afts relating to the Duties anling from the Profits of Property, Profeffions, Trades or Offices, upon any Objeftion made by the Surveyor or Infpeftor of the faid Duties to the Eftimate or Value of any Property, or to the Efti-matc of the Profits of any Profeflion, Trade or Office on which any Affcffment after Appeal (hall be made, (hall he conftrued to preclude any Surveyor or Infpeftor from afterwards making a further Charge on the fame Perfon or Perfons for the fame Property or Profits for the fame Year of Affeffment ; and in like manner, the Determination of the faid Commiflioners upon ever)' fuch Objeftion to the Efti-mates or Value delivered by the Afleflbrs of the Property in any Parifli, Ward or Place in which Affeffments after Appeal (hall be made, (hall preclude the Surveyor or Infpeftor from afterwards making a further Charge on the fame Property in the fame Pan(h, Ward or Place in that Year.

Twenty fccond.—The Objeftion of any Surveyor or Infpeftor to * the Eftimate or Eftimates of any Perfon or Perfons, or of the Af-. feffor or Affeflbrs of any Parifli, Ward or Place, or to any Afieffment

or

In what cafe the whole of Doul 1« Duty remitted &c.

In what cafe no Double Duty.

Reward tO Offi cers.

Cliargc* not to be made after Objections to Eftimates of fame Ihopvrty.

Cl larges may be made after Objections in certain cafes.

33« :

i ■

O' l >11 to be fore

All. (Ttt Hi.

I lo be nidi a limited

ciuie. !

A 'n n Charges Property >.» • J m«iy be

naj*'

u io5-	5o° ueu. in.	aimrs

or Affeffment9 of additional Commiflioners in purfuance of the faid laft mentioned Adts, in relation to the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades and Offices, (hall not be conftrued to preclude any Surveyor or Infpedlor from afterwards charging the fame Perfon or Perfons for any other Property, or the Profits of any other Profcflion, Trade or Office not included in the Eftimate or Eftimates, AfTeffinent or Aflefiments before objected to, and determined as aforefaid; nor to preclude any Surveyor or Infpector from afterwards objecting to any other Eftimate or Eftimates, or Affeffment or Affeffments, or from afterwards charging any other Perfon or Perfons in the fame Parifh, Ward or Place, or in any other Parifh, Ward or Place in the fame or any other Divilion, in refpedt of any Property or the Profits of any Profcflion, Trade or Office, not before objedled to and determined as aforefaid ; and the refpeetivc Commiflioners a£ling for the General Purpofes of the faid laft mentioned Adts are heieby ftridlly enjoined and required to lign and allow fuch laft mentioned Objections and Charge* according to the Dirrdlions of the faid Adis, in refpedt of the Powers therein given to fuch Surveyor and Infpedlor; provided, that all fuch Ob-

1‘edtions and Charges be made within the Times herein rcfpcdtively imited.

Twenty third.—From and after the pafling of this Adi, every Objedtion to the Eftimates diredted to be made by the faid ia(l mentioned Adis, in relation to the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades or Offices, {hall be made before the Firft Aflefiments on fuch Eftimates fhall have been figned and allowed by the Commiflioners for the Generals Purpofes of the faid Adis, and not afterwards.

Twenty fourth.—No Charge upon any Affirflrnent under the faid laft mentioned Adis, in relation to the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades or Offices, fhall be allowed or figned, unlcfs the Certificate thereof fhall be delivered to the re-fpedtive Commiflioners before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of fuch Affeff-ment, in cafe fuch Affeffment fhall have been made on or before the faid Fifth Day of January, or if fuch Affeffmcrt fhall not then have been made, unlefs the Certificate of Charge thereon (hall be delivered to the faid Commiflioners within Three Calendar Months after fuch Affeffment fhall have been made, except in the Cafes hereinafter mentioned.

Twenty fifth.—If any Perfon or Perfons fhall have negledled to make a Return of Property or Profits as required by the faid laft mentioned Adis, and no Eftimate of the faid Property or Profits, nor any Affefiment fhall be made thereupon for any Year, it fhall be lawful for. the Surveyor or Infpedlor, on Difcovery thereof at any time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Year, when fuch Return ought to have been made, to charge fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Amount which ought to have been returned, in like manner as fuch Perfons might have been charged within the Year of Affeffment; and the like Proceedings fhall be thereupon had, as if fuch Difcovery and Charge had been made within the Year of Affeffment; and every Affeffment thereupon made Audi be added to the current Aflefiments of the Parifb, Ward or Place, in the manner herein diredted.

Twenty

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

jo0 GEQ. IIJ.

C. iof*	537

Twenty fixth.—If any Perfon or Perfons bail by any Faifehood, jn cafrof F^ud, wilful Negled, Fraud, Covin or Contrivance whatever, efcape fro* Charge to be Taxation lor the Profits of any diftind Property, frofellion, Trade m*U. or Office for any Year, it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor or Ilj-fpefior, within the like Period of Twelve Calendar Months 9$ aforefaid, to cliarge fuch Perfon or Perfons to Double the A amount of Duty which ought to have been charged in the Year of A fie Ament upon fuch diftind Property, Profeffion, Trade or Office; and upon Proof of fuch Falfehood, wilful Negled, Fraud, Covin or Contrir*-ance. to the Satisfaction of the Commiffioners to whom fuch Charge frail be certified, the Afleflment on the faid Double Duty frail ftami

f)od, and be added to the Supplementary Aflefimtnts of the current ear of the Parifr, Ward or Place * and no Part thereof frail be remitted on any pretence whatever.

II.	And he it further enaded, That the feveral Provifions in the ProfSfions btfort preceding Claufe of this Ad, relating to Charges in the Single Duty mentioned neks* as aforefaid, frail be conftrued, fo far as the fame refped the Duties of Affcffed Taxes in that Part of Great Britain as aforefaid, as apr plicable to the Provifions of an Ad pafied in the Forty third Year Smchaige?in of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, jin Ad for repealing Double Duty, the feveral Duties under the Management of the Commiffioners for tie to he eonftmed Affair* (f Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for ^ ^^hlt to granting new Duties in certain Cafes therein mentioned; for rspeeding	9 «. 161.

the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages tconfiruiltd by tHg Coaclmakersx and granting new Duties thereon, under the Manage- 46 G. a. c 05, meat of the faid Commiffioners for the Jifairs of Taxes ; and alfa Sm* new Duties on Perfons Jelling Carriages l>y Au3ion or Commiffion;

.and any other Ad or Ads for regulating the faid Duties refpec* tively, and relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and as far as the faid Provifions refped the Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profeflion9, Trades and Offices in that Part of Great Britain as aforefaid, the fame frail be conltrucd as applicable to the Provifions of an Ad pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for granting to His flfajeflj during the prefent IVar and until the Sixth Day of April next after the jRatification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates And Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifing from Property, Profeffion*, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing AH A3 paffied in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefiy9for repealing certain Parts of an AS made in the Forty third Tear of HisMprefent -Majejly, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeffion*, Trades and Offices ; and to confoliaate and render more effie3ual the Provifions for collcQing the faid Duties ; and any other Ad or Ads for regulating the faid Duties refpedively, alia relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and as if the faid Pro* vifions in the faid Claufe of this Ad relating to Charges in the Single Duty had been exprefsly applied to the Provifions of the faid Ads refpedively relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and had been refpedively enaded therein; and all Provifions, Protifam in Claufes, Matters and Things in the faid feveral Ads refpedively, A£U rep^ntt* which are repugnant to the Provifions in the faid Claufe of thus hereto repealed. Ad, and for which other Provifions are made in this Ad, except fuch Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things therein as relate so

Surcharges in the Double 50 Geo. Ill,

Digitized by Google

33»

Commitfionrrr n-• ing not liable to Suits.

Colls.

43 G. 3. c. 161. $29, repealed.

Notice to A Bettor.

V

C. 105.	50°	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8ifr.-

applicable to the Provifions of this Aft fhall feverally ceafe and determine.

III.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Commiflioner or Commiflioners afting in the Execution of any fiich Aft or A 6ti herein mentioned, or of this Aft, (hal), by Information, or other Pro-cefs or Proceedings whatsoever at the Suit or on the Behalf of Hi* Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, be proceeded againfl or impleaded for or by reafon of any Matter or Thing he or they may do or determine, or may refufe or omit to do in or about the Execution of any luch Aft or Afts, and upon the Trial of fuch Information or other Procefs a Verdift (hair be given, or any Order or Rule of Court (hall be made for fuch Commiflioner or Commiflioners, or fuch Information or other Procefs or Proceeding (hall be difeontinued or withdrawn, or difmifled the Court in which they (hall have been pro-fecuted, then, and in either of the faid Cafes, fuch Commiflioner or Commiflioners (hall be entitled to his or their full Cods of Suit, to be taxed by the proper Officer of fuch Court as between Attorney and Client; and it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes to diteft the Receiver General of the County within which any fuch Commiflioner or Commiflioners (hall aft, and the faid Receiver General is hereby required to pay fuch taxed Cods out of any Money in his Hands arifing from the Duties of Adefled Taxes, and which (hall be allowed in the Accounts of the faid Receiver General.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of an Aft made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled. An A8for repealing the feveral Duties under the Management of the Commifftoners for the Affairs of Taxest and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cafes therein mentioned ; for repealing the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages conJlru8ed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the faid Commifftoners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and alfo new Duties on Perfons filling Carriages by Audion or on Commiffion, as direfts that every rerfon who fhould begin to retain or employ any Male Servant, or other Male Perfon therein deferibed, or keep or ufe any Carriage, (fuch Servant or Carriage not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty) or to ufe or exercife the Trade of an Horfedealer, or Coach-maker or Maker of fuch Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auftion or on Commiflion, or to wear or ufe Hair Powder, or any Armorial

mploy any the Duty

_	  or	other

Male Perfon therein deferibed, or keeping or ufing any other Ca^ riage liable to the like Duty in the Place or Stead of fuch Servant* or Carriage, or who (hould ceafe to ufe or exercife the faid Trade or Bufinefs of an Horfedealer, or of a Coachmaker or Maker of fuch Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auftion or on Commiffioo, or to wear or ufe any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Enfigns, (hould, within Twenty Days after he or (he (hould fo begin or ceafe to retain or employ fuch Servant or other Male Perfon, or to keep or ufe fuch Carriage, or to ufe or exercife fuch Trade or Trades, or to wear or ufe any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Enfigns, caufe Notice thereof in Writing to be given

to

Bearings pr Enfigns, or who (hould ceafe to retain or e Male Servant, or to keep or ufe any Carriage liable to without retaining or employing any other Male Servant

Digitized by i^.ooQle

A.D.i8io*

3 39

50? OEO. Ill*	C. 105.

to the Affeflor or Affeffors for the Diftri6k, Parifti or Place where he or (he fhould refide, and a Lift of the Number of fnch Servants and Carriages, and the Ipcreafe or Decreafe made thereby, and the particular Rate of Duty to which he or (he fhould be liable as having ufed or exercifed fuch Trade or Trades, or worn or ufed Hair Powder or Armorial Bearings or Enfigns, defcribing in fuch Notice every fuch Servant or other Male Perfon by his proper Name, and the fever?l Capacities in which Servants or other Male Perfons refpec-tirely fhould be or fhould have been retained or employed, and alfo defcribing every fuch Carriage by its ufual Name and Defcription, diftinguifhing the Number of Bodies ufed with, and of Wheels belonging to each fuch Carriage, and the Number of Horfes ufed in drawing any fuch Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, and alfo diftinguifhing each fuch Carriage liable as a taxed Cart, and th$ Name or Names and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons who ought to return fuch Lilts.; (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

* V. And whereas by the faid laft mentioned A6t of the Forty c third Year of His prelent Maiefty’s Reign it is ena&ed, That the

•	refpe&ive Commimouers fhould caufe Two Duplicates of every

•	Afeffinent to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, wilhip

•	One Month at fart heft after the Tenth Day of February, after

*	the making the faid Affeffment yearly, to be delivered as therein is

•	mentioned under a Penalty on the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners

*	who (hall negledt or refufe to make out and deliver fuch Duplicates

*	within the time before directed: And whereas it is neceffary to

*	give further time for making out ai\d delivering fuch Duplicates

Be it further ena&ed, That in refpe6t of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, the faid rcfpe&ive Commiflioners (hall caufe the Duplicates required by the faid A6k to be made out after the time appointed by the faid A6t for making the Supplementary Aflefimputs of the faid Duties yearly* and within One Month at fartheft after all Appeals from the faid Supplementary Affeffments (hall have been heard and determined, and to that the lame may be delivered to the Receiver General and to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes refpettively, on or before the Day to be appointed for the Receipt of the laft Inftalment of the laid Duties next after the Fifth Day of ^fril yearly; and in refpedt of the Duties arifing from, the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades and Offices, the (laid refpe6kive Commiflioners (hall caufe the Duplicates required by the faid A$ to be made out after the Time appointed by this A6t, for. making the Supplementary Afftffments of the faid laft mentioned Duties yearly, and within One Month at fartheft after all Appeals fron^ the faid Supplementary Affeffments (hall have been heard and. determined, and fo that the fame may be delivered to the Receiver General and to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes refpec-tively, on.or before the Day to be appointed for the Receipt of the laft Inftalment of the laid laft mentioned Duties next after the Fifth Day of July yearly ; and no Clerk to the faid refpe6tive CommiU fioners who (hall make out and deliver the refpe6five Duplicates re* quired by the laid A6t within the time aforefaid (hall be fued or profecuted for, or liable to the Penalty contained in the faid A6$ by reafon of not making out or delivering the faid refpe6tive Duplicate) within the time directed by the faid A6L	 1

Z 2	o VI. Provided

43 C. 3. c. 99. §46.

Time for making out and delivering Duplicate* of AffeflWutt enlarged.

A.D.rSio.

34®

No Perfon haring maHe out Lifts of the gmteft NumHer of Servauts, &c. fha'l be compel* lahie to make out a frefh Lift.

C. 105.

50® GEO. IIL

Provifo.

Im. what eafat Ifeuble Dm ft ruck oft*

T«»r.e allowed for delivering in amended Return.

VI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon who (hall in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or in any Year, have made out, figned and delivered in the Manner dire6bd by the (aid lad mentioned A6t made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or (hall in any future Year make out, fign and deliver in like manner, Lifts of the greateft Number of Servants or‘other Male Perfons retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horfes, Mules and Dogs kept by fuch Perfon, or of liaving worn or ufed Hair Powder or any Armorial Bearings or Enfigns, in the Courfe of the Year ending On the Fifth Day of jffril preceding the Delivery of fudi Lift, and who (hall continue to retain or employ the like Number and Defcription of Servants or Other Male Perfons, and keep the like Number and Defcription of Carriages, Horfes, Mules and Dogs refpe&ively, or wear or ufe Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Enfigns, m the like manner lubjed to the like Duty as in the Year to which fuch Lift related, and in the fame Ward, Parifti or Place, (hall be obliged to make out, fign and deliver fuch Lifts or either of them, in any fucceeding Year, nor be fubjed or.liable to any Penalty for omitting or negleding fo to do, fo long as fuch Perfon (hall continue to refide in fuch Wanl, Parifti or Place, and (hall not be chargeable in any other Ward, Parifti or Place, for any Servant, Carriage, Horfe, Mule or Dog kept by fnch Perfon: Provided always, that fuch Perfon (hall in each Year deliver or caufe to be delivered to the Afleflbr or Affeflors of the Ward, Parifti or Place, Notice in Writing that he or fee is defirous of being charged for the fame Articles, Matter* and Things as in the preceding Year; and every fuch Notice (hatl be an Authority for the faid Commiflioners to charge fuch Perfon in the Firft Afleffments for that Year for the fame Articles, Matters and Things refpedively, for which fuch Perfon ftood charged in the Afleflments of the preceding Year.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes of Charge by any Surveyor or Infpedor as aforefaid, of any of the Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horfes, Mules and Dogs, and for ufmg Hair Powder, or Armorial Enfigns, where it (hall he p^pved on Appeal to the Satisfadion of the faid Commiflioners ading for the Divifion, that there was any Doubt whether the Article or Articles fo charged was or were rateable within the meaning of the faid A 6b, or any of them, and that the Omifiien thereof or alledged Default was not wilfully made and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners to remit or ftrike off the whole of the Double Duty chargeable on the Perfon or Perfons fo charged.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon to be charged In purfuance of this Ad by the Certificates of any Surveyor or In* fpedor, (hall have the full Period of Ten Days after Service of the Notice of fuch Charge, to deliver his or her amended Return to fuch Surveyor or Infoedor, according to the Directions of this Act, and no Certificate of fuch Charge (hall be figned or allowed by the find Commiflioners, nor any Appeal (hall be heard from fuch Chaise before the Expiration of fuch Period of Ten Days; and if the Perfon fo charged (hall before the Expiration of the faid Period deliver a Return and Declaration as aforefaid, which the faid Surveyor or Infpedor (hall objed to, then fuch Return and Declaration (hall be

8	-	deemed

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iti<h

. s» ceo. in.

c.	$4*

demechtebe a fufibieit Notice of Appeal frOoi fuch Charge to the Gommiffioners of the Divifiou, who are hereby required to hear tad determine the Matter thereof, according to the Directions of this Ad; and if the Perfon lo charged (hall not before the Expiration of the laid Period of Ten Days deliver a Return or Declaration as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners, upon the Ap» pearance before the faid Commiffioners of the Perfon charged, or lome Perfon on his or her Behalf, and the Delivery to them of fuch Lid and Declaration as is hereinbefore required on the Day or Days appointed for hearing Appeals from tLe Charges of fuch Surveyor or Infpe&or, to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Chug?, according to the Diredions of this Ad, notwitbfUoding the Perfon fo charged (hall not have given any previous Notice of his or her Iotention to appeal $ Provided that in default of the Appearance of the Party charged before the faid Commiffioners, or fome Perfon on his or her behalf, oa fuch Day or Days of Appeal, or in default of the Fro-dudion of fuck Lid or Declaration as aforefaid, the Certificate of fuch Charge (hall be confirmed by the faid Commiffioners.

IX.	And be it further entded, That if any Perfon in any fuch Making fmlfe Declaration as aforefaid (hall wilfully and fraudulently declare ant Declaration, Matter or Thing which (hall be fmlfe or untrue, every Perfon fo ok Mftku*6300** fending, and being thereof lawfully convidcd, (hall be judged guilty

of a Misdemeanor, and lhall be committed to the Gaol of the County, Riding or Shire where fuch Offence (hall be tried, for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, and foatt be fined in fuch Sum, not exceeding Treble the Amount of Duty for which fuch Perfon (hall have been charged, as the Court before whom fuch Trial (hall be bad (haU think fit to order.

X.	And be it further cnaded. That any Indidment for fuch Mif- In<B&mrot ft* demeanor in making a falfe Declaration as aforefaid, whether fuch Wfr Deekntioa Declaration (ball Ik made within Great Britain or without, (hall be how laid, &c. laid, tried and determined in the County, Riding or Shire where fuch Declaration lhall be exhibited, to the refpedive Commiffioners of the

Duties to which inch Declaration (hall relate.

4 XI. And whereas by ao Ad parted in the Forty eighth Year of 4S G^a. e. ist#

4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft to amend the No. a,

4 Afts relating to the Duties of Ajfeffed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the

* Profits of Property, Profeffioas, Trades and Offices t and to regulate f the AJfeffnunt and Colleftim of the fame9 certain Rules and Diredions

*	are contained for paying to the Receiver General and accounting 4 for the'Duties received by the Colledors in that Part of Great 4 Britain as aforefaid: Ana whereas it is expedient that the feme 4 (houkl be altered and amended in certain ParticularsBe it further

eroded, That whenever any Schedule of Arrears (hall have been or A iron of Duties

{hall be transmitted by the refpedive Commiffioners a&ing in the Exe- may be collected*

cution of the Ads in relation to the Duties therein mentioned, or

any of them, to the Receiver General of the laid refpedive Duties,

and the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes (hall be of Opinion

that the faid Duties in Arrear might more conveniently be colleded

by the refpedive Colledors of the (aid Duties in thleir refpedive

Difirid*, according to the Diredions of the feveral Ads granting

than by Procefs to be iffued out of tire Court of Exchequer, it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to

zj

dired

A.D.t$io.

34*	C. ro$ 106.	•	-50°	GEO.	III.

direct the faid Receiver General to' return the faid Schedules to the faid refpeftive Commiffioners from whom he or they received the fame; and the faid refpeftive Commiffioners (hall caufe the faid Duties in Arrear to be levied fonder all or any of the Powers and by any of the ways* and methods proscribed in the faid Afts refpec-tively, without Delay.

C A P. CVI.

An Aft for regulating the Manner of afTeflitig Land?, in certain

- ‘Cafes, to the Duties arifing from the Profits of Propetty, Profeffion<, Trades and Offices, and for giving Relief from the faid Duties on occafion of Lofies, in other Cafe.* therein mentioned.	[20th	June	1810.]

4fiG.3. e. 65.	4 TT7 HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Forty fixth Year of the

Sch. A. No. 1. 4 VV Reign of His prefeiit Majefty, for granting certain Duties 4 on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeflions, Trades and 4 Offices, the Duty on Lands and Tenements is thereby direfted to 4 be eftimated and afiefled according to a general Rule in the faid > Aft fet forth : And 'hereas Doubts are entertained axto the man-4 ner of applying .the faid Rule to the Cafes of Lands demifed, in 4 the manner and under the Circumflances herein contained May •it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it euafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of Puled to oh- the fame, That upon every Demife for Years of Lands fituate in ferwi in afleffing any Part of Great Britain, made or to be made in consideration of a l^iulai referverf J^eut referved, and alio in conlideration of certain Improvements to Hem, anJ lor	be made jn the Lands demifed at the proper Coft and Charge of the

mpr jremeut.	Leflee or Tenant, if it lhall be proved to rhe Satisfaction of the

Commiffioners for the general Purpofes of the faid Aft, afting for the Divifion where fuch Lands are iituate, that the Rent referved hath beeu fettled on the Eftimate of the Medium annual Value of the faid Lands, computed on an Average for the whole Term granted in expectation of the progreffiYe Improvement of the faid Farm, at the Coft and Charge of the faid Lefiee or Tenant, and that the faid annual Rent is fixed and made payable to the fam? Amount in each Year on the faid Average, whereby the faid Rent fo eftimated and made payable did or doth exceed the juft annual Value of the faid •Lands, as the fame were or are worth to be let at Rack Rent on or at the Commencement of the Term granted in and by the faid Demife, then, and in every fuch cafe, the Eftimate of the annual Value of the faid Lands, and tbe Affettment thereupon, (hall be made and computed according to the following Rules ; that is to fay, in regard tuat the Rent referved hath been fettled on a fair Average of the annual Value of the faid Lands, computed on the whole of the .Term fo granted, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners in every •fuch cafe as aforefaid, and they arc hereby required on due Proof of the Circumftances before mentioned, to caufe the faid Duty payable in refpeft of the Property m the faid Lauds to be eftimated, computed and charged on the Amount of the Rent fo referved and made payable as aforefaid, lor each Year of AfieflmeQt during tbe faid 2	Term

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i«io»

jo» GEO. Ill;

C. 106.

3*3

Term to cone titer tlie paffing of this. Ad, without Variatidn during the faid Term ; fubjed neverthelefs to fuch Dedudions as by the bud Ad are allowed; and it (hall alfo be lawful for the fai<J Commiflioners, and they are,hereby required in every fuch Cafe, to caufe the faid J)uty payable in refped of the Occupation of the faid Lands, tabe eft 1 mated, computed and charged on the full and juft Value of the bud Lands, to be afcertained at the times and in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, on all fuch Demifes made before the paffing of this Aft the annual Value of the faid Lands (hall be the Rack.

Rent at which the fame are worth to be let by the Year, to be ascertained at the Commencement of the Firll Year of Afleflment after the

Cg of this Ad, by a Valuation tp be made thereof under the * in and according to the Dirediona of the faid Ad, and to the Satisfaction of the laid Commiflioners, which Valuation (hall be in force for the Term of Seven Years of Afleflment, if the faid Demife of the faid Lands (hall not fooner expire; and a like Valuation of the laid Lands (hall be made at the End of every Seventh Year of Af-fefliment during the Continuance of the faid Demife, and the Amount afcertained by fuch Valuation (hall be deemed to be the Rack Rent at which the laid Lands are worth to be let for each Period of Seven Years, if the faid Demife (hall not fooner expire, and the Afleflment . thereupon (hall in e^ch Year during the faid refpedive Periods of Seven Years he made on the fall or preceding Valuation ; and on all fuch Demifes to be made after the palling of this Ad, the annual Value of the faid Lands (hall be the Rack Rent at which the fame are worth to be let by the Year, to be afcertained at the Commence* moot of the faid Demife by a like Valuation to be made thereof in Manner aforefaid, and to be renewed at the End of every Seventh Year duriug the faid Demife; and each Valuation fo made (hall be in force, for the Term of Seven Years, and (hall govern the Afleftment to be made in refped of the Occupation of the faid Lands, in like manner as is before directed.

* II. And whereas Loffes have been occafloned by Floods or Tem-\ pefts, for which Relief (hould be granted to the Occupiers of fuch * Lands on which Damage has been fuftained, and alfo to tbe Owners * thereof who (hall have granted Compenfations to their Tenants on ‘ occafion of fuch Lofles 5’ Be it further enaded, That whenever by fufained Floods or Tempefts any Lofs -fhall have been or (hall be fuftained 00, i,y Omipims the growing Crops, or on the Stock on Lands demifed to a Tenant andOroen. or Tenants at a referved Rent without Fine or other Sum paid, given or contracted for, in lieu of a referved Rent or any Part thereof, or the faid Lands or any Part thereof (hall by ftkch Floods or Tempefts be rendered incapable of Cultivation for any Year, and it (hall have been er (hall be proved on Oath or folemn Affirmation to'the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners for the general Purpofes of tbe faid Ad, ading for the Divifion where the faid .Lands are fituate, that the Owner or Owners of the faid Lands hath or have in con- Relief ftderation of fuch Lofles abated or agreed to abate to his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, the Whole or auy Proportion of the fyent referved or payable by fuch Tenant or Tenants, for any Year, or Years of fuen Demife, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifliohers to abate in the Afleflment made in refped of the Property in the faid Lands under the faid Ad for the fame Year pr Years for which fuch Rent hath been , abated,, and to difeharge therefrorp the Whole or

Z 4	the

>'n

4



C.to 6.

50° GEO. III.

AJJ.1810.

extended to Occupiers and Owrt-era where Owqt n incapable of contenting to Abatement of Rc*i.

AUtrment of AfleO.i fiit in cafe of L*0e*«

Indnanifitiidoa of Cornir/fSou*

Making fallt

the like Proportion of Duty as die laid Owner or Owners-flikfl tp-jKnr on fuch Proof as aforesaid to have abated of or from the Rent referred and made payable to him or them on fuch Demrfe; and it (ha)l alfo be lawful tor the fieud Commiffioners in every luck Cafe to abate in the Affeffment made in refpeft of the Occupation of the faid Linda for the fame Year or Years, and to difeharge therefrom the like Proportion of Duty as (hall have been abated or difeharged from the Affefftnent made in refpeft oi the Property on the faid Lands for the Caufe aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That whenever from the like Caufe or Caufes as aforefaid, the hke Loffes (hall have been fuftained on the Lands of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or other Proprietor incapable of confentmg to any Abatement m the Rent as aforefaid, being in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants as aforefaid, and the lame (hall have been proved before the faid Commtflioners to their Satisfaction, on Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, it fhail be lawful for them to abate in the Affeffment made in refpeft of the Occupation of the faid Lands ; and to difeharge the Whole or any Part of the laid Duty, and in proportion to the Loffes fo fuftained and to the Amount which the faid Commiffioners fhould be of Opinion would or ought to have been abated, purfuant to the Provifions of the preceding Claufe, if the faid Lands had belonged to a Proprietor of full Age and of found Mind, and capable of fuch Content as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That whenever from the like Caufe or Caufes as aforefaid, the like Lodes fhail have been fuftained on Lands m the Occupation of the Owner or Owners, and the fame (hall have been or fhail be proved before the faid Commiffioners to their Satisfaction on Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, ft fhail be lawful for them to abate in the fcveral Affcffments made in refpeft of the Property in or Occupation of the faid Lands, and to difeharge th* Whole or any Part of the faid refpeftive Duties, and in proportion to the Loffes fo fuftained, and to the Amount which the faid Com-miffioners fhail be of Opinion would or ought to have been abated, purfoatii to the Provifions of the faid Clanfe if the faid Lands W been demifed to a Tenant, and a proportionate Abatement had pr ought to have been made to fuch Tenant under the Circumftanoes of the faid Lofs.

V.	And he h further enafted, That upon ail Claims made before ths palling of this Aft to Commiffioners for the general Purposes of the laid Aft, for Abatements for Loffes fuftained by any Caufe or* Caufes before mentioned, it fhail be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to make fuch Abatements in like manner and to the like Extent, and in the like Cafes and under the like Circumftances, as they are herein authorised to give Relief upon Claims to be made after the psffing of this Aft, and all Abatements of Duty made by Commif-noaers in the like Cafes and under the Hke Circumftances as aforefaid, am hereby declared to be confirmed and valid and of the like Force ad if the Claims for fuch Abatements, or fuch Abatements had been iMV«eftivelyv made in purfuance of this Aft ; and the faid rcfpe&ive Gbamifioncrs are hereby indemnified for fo doing.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon os Perfons fhail be guiihy of making any falfe Claim for fuch Abate-JJMQt as Jfcnfud, or Audi be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in

making

Digitized by Google



S<i° GEO. IH.

G. io6,107.

345

■wiring filth drift* or hi obttftffljir any fudi Abatement, or (ball* fmdiueistly or untruly declare the Amount or Value of fuch Lofles, or the Amount or Valoe of any Abatement made or agreed to be made vu the Rent of the Lands in his or her Occupation, 011 account of fuch Lofles, with Intent fraudulently to obtain any fuch Abate-meat, he, (he or they fo offending (hfcll forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Treble the Amount of Duty charged on fuch Perfon Or Pevfons in rtfpeft of the faid Lands; and if any Owner or Owners of any fuch Lands whereon fuch Lofles have been fuftained, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, (hall aid, abet or aflift any Perfon or Perfons charged to the faid Duties, in making fuch falie' or fraudulent Claim, or (hall fraudulently or untruly declare the ^filling. Amount or Value of any Abatement made or agreed to be made in the Rent of the (aid Lands or Amount of fuch Lofles, with intent fraudulently to obtain for himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, or for his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, or for the Owner or Owners, or Tenant or Tenants of the faid Lands, any fuch Abatement as aforesaid, every fuch Owner or Owners, or other Perfon or Perfons aforefaid, IhaH forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; which feveral Penalty. Penalties (hall be recovered and applied as any Penalties may be recovered and applied by the faid Aft.

VII. Ai«d be it further enafted, That the Profits arifing from Eaftlndra Duck the Docks called the 2iaff India Docks, fituate in the County of Com»*ny lion Middlefexy (hall be affeffed by the Commiflioners acting for the City •f London y under the faid Aft for granting Duties arifing from the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades and Offices, fo long as the general Accounts of the faid Docks (hall be made up within the kid City.

CAP. CVII.

An AEt to regulate the Examination and Payment of Aflfign* xnents for Clothing of His Majefty’s Forces.

[20th June 1810/J

*	TT7HEREAS an Aft pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the 4b G. 3. C, 58.

*	W Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled, yin A3 to repeal

*	an AB made in the Twenty third Tear of His prefent Majejly, for the

*	hitter Regulation of the Office of Paymajltr General of Hit mayfly's

*	Forcesy and the more regular Payment of the Army ; and for the

*	more effe dually regulating the faid Office : And whereas it is expedient*

*	that the faid Aft (hould be amended as to examining and Payment ‘ of Affignments for the Clothing of His Majefty’s Forces May it‘ therefore pkafe Your Majeity that it may be enafted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Ad-* vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comifions,* in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the*

fame, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December One AffignmeaUfmm thoufand eight hundred and nine, all Aflignments from Colonels or* GtlontU, **r. fui-other Officers commanding Regirhents, Corps, Troops or Companies (*l<Hhing«rRri;i-io His Majefty’s Regular and Fencible Forces, for the Clothing of ment‘> mu.f-fuch Regiments, Coras, Troops and Companies for any Period com-' ihencing from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand ^ eight hundred and nine, or commencing from any fubfequfcnt Period,'

(hail be traafafitted to and lodged with the Secretary at War, to be

examined

If

Digitized

ovGc \

A.D.i8t&

346	C.	107,108.

.50° GEO. III.

examined and cheeked with the proper Eftabliftimehts of the federal

Regiments, Corps, Troops and Companies, for which fuch Affign-menta (hall have been given, and the Amounts of Money to be iflued for the Payment of fuch Affignment6 (hall be afcertained by the Officer of the Secretary at War, in fuch manner, and under fuch Regulations as fhall be from time to time made by the Secretary at War in that behalf; and all Monies to be iflued in relpecf of fuch Affigftments (hall be included and fpecitied in Warrants to be made out for that Purpofe ; and all Payments to be made by the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces, in refped of any fuch Afiign-ments, fhall be made and iflued upon fuch Warrants only and not Warrants far otherwife ; and fuch Warrant (hall be a fufficiept Discharge to the Payment.	Paymafter	General	for	fuch	Iflue	and	Payment, any thing in thefaid

recited Ad or any other Ad or A6ts, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

TreafuTv may . JI. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful fortbe Com-pmnit fexportsr- miflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, and they are hereby authorized Mll|Uiry or empowered by any Warrant or Order under the Hands of any Dutyfree, C# Three or more of them, to permit and allow any Military Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments for His Majelly’s Forces to be exported and fent to any of His Majefty’s Forces ferving Abroad, whether in His Majefty’s Dominions or otherwife, free of any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife, or other Duty whatfoever, under fuch Re-ftridiona and Regulations as (hall be fpecified in any fuch Warrant or Order, or in any general Warrant or Order, made in that behalf, and tranfmitted to tne Commiflioners of His Majefty’9 Cuftoms for the Regulation of the Export of any fuch Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments, any Ad or Ads of Parliament or Law .or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CVI1I.

An Ad to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad, parted in the Second Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement of the Fiflieries of this Kingdom, apd the Protedion of the Perfons employed therein.

[20th. June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for the 4 better Supplying the Cities of London and Weft min fter with Fijk, and 4 to reduce the prefent exorbitant Price thereof aud to proted and «r-* courage Fijhermen, certain Perfons therein deferibed, being the * Mafters of Fifhing Ships, Smacks, Veflels or Boats employed in 4 the Filhery on any of the Sea Coafts of Great Britain, or in any 4 of the navigable Rivers within Great Britain, and Apprentices, 4 Mariners and Landmen employed in fuch Veflels, to a limited Num-4 ber, according to the Tonnage- of fuch Veflels, were proteded 4 from being imp refled into the Naval Service of His Majefty, hit * Heirs and Succeflors 5 and the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, * or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad-4 miral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of 4 them, were thereby empowered to grant fuch Protedions: And 4 whereas it hath been found iince the pafling of the faid Ad that 4 various Sorts of Filh retire in the Winter Seafon into deeper Water,

* and

&G.S.C. 15. $ 33.

$33,

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

5o° GEO. in.

C.108.

347

and it has therefore become neceffary, for the Supply of the Metropolis and other Puts of the Kingdom with fucn Fi(h at all Seafons of the Year, to build and ufe much larger Claffes of Fifhing VefTels, which cannot with Safety or Profit be navigated without a greater Number of Men and Boys than are allowed to be exempt from being impreffed under the laid Aft : And whereas the encouraging the taking of Apprentices on fuch Voyages is highly beneficial, in eftablifhing a Nurfery for Seamen for His Majefty’s Navy ; and it is therefore expedient that the Provifions of the faid Aft, as to exempting Perfons employed in the VefTels therein de-feribed, fhould be amended, and fhould, as to all Fifhing VefTels, be extended to Fifhing in the deep Seas beyond the Coafts, and to a greater Number of Apprentices May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Mplt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by' the Authority of the fame, That from <and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of the faid recited Aft as relates to the exempting the Perfons employed in Vefiela in the Fifheries from being impreffed fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; fave and except as to any Protections from being impreffed to which any Perfon may be entitled under the faid Aft, which fhall remain in full force for their full Period as if the faid Aft had remained in full force.

II. And be it alfo enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, every Perfon hereinafter fpecified who fhall be employee in the Fifheries of thefe Kingdoms, fhall be freed and exempted from being impreffed into the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, other than and except in the Cafes hereinafter excepted, that is to fay, Firft, every Mafter who fhall have the Care or Conduft of any Fifhing Veffel or Boat which fhall be employed in the Fifheries of this Kingdom, and who or fome Owner of which Fifhing Veffel or Boat fhall have or within Six Calendar Months before the applying for any Proteftion as hereinafter is allowed, fhall have had One or more Apprentice or Apprentices under the Age of Sixteen Years, each bound to him or to any fuch Owner as aforefaid, for a Term not lefs than Five Years, and which Apprentice or Apprentices in purfuance of fuch binding aftually fhall be or have been in the Service of fuch Mafter or Owner in the Bufinefs of a Fifherman: Secondly, every fuch Apprentice, not exceeding the Number of Eight Apprentices to every Mafter or Owner as aforefaid of any Fifhing Veffel of the Burthen of Fifty Tons and upwards* and not exceeding Seven Apprentices to every Mafter or Owner as aforefaid of every Fifhing Veffel of the Burthen of Thirty five Tons and upwards, and under Fifty Tons, and not exceeding Six Apprentices to every fuch Mafter or Owner as aforefaid of any Fifhing Veffel of or aboye the Burtheft of Thirty Tons and under Thirty live Tons, and not Exceeding the Number of Four Apprentices to every fuch Mafter or Owner as aforefaid of any Fifhing Veffel or Boat under the faid Burthen of Thirty Tons, during the time every fuch refpeftive Apprentice as aforefaid (hall continue as an Apprentice in the aftual Service of fuc^i his Mafter only, or of his Reprefentatives or Afligns, in the Bufinefs of a Fifherman, and in no other Service, and until the refpeftive Age pf Twenty Years of every fuch Apprentice who fhall fo long continue

in

repealed.

Matters and Apprentices and Mariners and Landmen, era- • ployed in Fiftiing Veffel* limited in Number according to Tonnage, prote&cfi from l)«ing impreffed.

Digitized by Google

343

JLD.iSvx

C. 108.	jo*	GEO.	ill.

AflMavit to xtuitlr and Cent to il.c Adnaira’iv, ilefcriUing Vet-fe!% and Perfons to !»«■ |*rme$ed, and Prottf&oii* to l>t granted.

Prme&ed Per-fons impreffed.

in the Fiftiing Trade 5 Thirdly, One Mariner for avery fuch Veffei or Boat of Ten Ton* Burthen and upward*, beildet the Matter and his Apprentice or Apprentices as aforefaid, who (hall be employed t# navigate or iifh in any Fiflting Veffei or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards during the time fuch Mariner (hall continue and be fo adually and truly employed in the faid Fiftiing Service 1 aad» Fourthly, any Landmen above the Age of Eighteen Years and under Thirty Years, who (hall enter on board any iuch Fiftiing Veffei or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards, and be actually employed in navigating or fifhing therein, for and during the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the time of his firtt going to Sea, employed as aforefaid in any fuch Fifhing Veffei or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards as aforefaid, and to the End of any Fifhing Voyage he may then be engaged in, and if he (hall continue and be fo long really and truly employed in fuch Service.

III.	And be it further enaded, That on an Affidavit fworn before fome Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace, that the Perfon or Perioos named and deferibed in fuch Affidavit is or are within fome or one of th e Descriptions hereinbefore fpecified, and inferting therein the Ton-nafc!e of every fuch Fifhing Veffei or Boat, and the Port or Place to whi ch (he belongs, and the Name and Description of everyfuch Mailer, and i\he Age of every fuch Apprentice, and the Term for which every fuch Apprentice (hall be bound and the Date of his Iodenture, and the N ame, Age and Defcription of every fuch Mariner and Laodmaa refped ivdy, and the Time of every fuch Landman’s firft going to Sea, being offered to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the C gmmiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of GnxitBritain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or left at t.he Office of Admiralty, the faid Lord High Admiral or Commiffion^rs of the Admiralty for the time being is and are hereby direded and required, with all convenient Speed after every fach Affidavit (hah* be tendered to him or them or left at the Admiralty Office(unlefs he or they (hall have reasonable Caufe to fufped the Truth of any fuch Affidavit, and in every fuch Cafe he aad they is and are hereby direded to caufe Enquiry to be made into the Truth of the Matters c< mtained in every iuch Affidavit) from time to time to grant a feparate Protection to every fuch Perfon as afbrefeid refpec-tively during the time he is allowed by this Ad to be prote&ed, and without any I lee or Reward to be paid or taken for the feme ; and every Perfon vh© (hall be impreffed contrary to the Intent of this Ad (haH, on producing the Protedion which (hall have been granted to him in purfuanceof this Ad, to the Commanding Officer who (hall have in his Custody or under his Care any fuch impreffed Perfon as aforefaid, be forthwith difehatged and releafed by fuch Commanding Officer.

IV.	And lx* it further enaded, That if during the Continuance of any Protediom which (hall be granted under this Ad, any Perfon who (hall be t hereby proteded (hall be impreffed tq ferve flis Ma-jefty, his Heim or Succeff<r8 (other than and except in the Cafe of an adual Invafion of thefe Kingdoms, or imminent Danger thereof) and figuified tty tome Order of His Majefty, or his Heirs, or of his or their Privy Council, to the Lord High Admiral, or to the Com-miflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for tlae time being, and on producing the Protedion which

Digitized by CjOOQle

C.	l.

34?

50° GEO. m.

ft all |j»tf brth fo granted to him to the Commanding Officer of the or Gang who (Hall imp refs any fuch Perfon protected as aforefaid, or if offering to produce the fame for the InfpeCtion of fuch the Commanding Officer, any fuch Commanding Officer (hall refufe or uegleffc to fee or examine fuch Protection, or (hall detain the fame Pro* te&on from the Party entitled thereto, and (hall not forthwith dif-charge the Party who (hall be fo impreffed; or if the Party fo im. preffcd fhall be carried on board any Ship or Veffel of or in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, and the Captain or any Officer who (hall have the Command on board any fuch Ship or Veffel of or in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeifori, fluiff not on any fuch Protection granted as aforefaid being produced or tendered to him, or if fuch Protection (hall have been taken away from the Party to whom it was fo granted, at or after his having been fo impreffed, then if on an Affidavit being made before feme Juftiee or Ju dices of the Peace that fuch Protection wa9 fo granted and continues m Force and was taken away from the Party to whom the fame was fo granted, either at or after the time he was impreffed^ and being tendered to the Captain or Officer who (hall have the Com* mand on board any fuch Ship or Veffel as aforefaid, fuch Captain or Captain, &r. Officer having the Command as aforefaid (hall not forthwith difchaige notdilcluxging. the Party who (hall have been fo impreffed and brought on (hipboard as aforefaid, or if any Captain or Officer having Command as aforefaid, or any of the Crew or Company under him, (hall take away or detain any fuch Protection granted as aforefaid, then every Perfon who in any of the faid Cafes (nail fo offend, except in the'Cafes hereinbefore excepted, (hall refpe&ively forfeit and pay to the Party imperiled, if not an Apprentice, and if an Apprentice, then to the refpeCtive Matter of every fuch Apprentice, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied in like manner as other Forfeitures incurred by this ACt are hereinafter directed to be recovered Penalty, and levied.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Seaman or Mari- Seamen wfnGn*-ner after he (hall have entered into any Agreement or taken any Ear- to fulfil Ago** neft for the Performance of any Fifhing Voyage or for any ftipulated mem. time of any FHhing Seafon, (hall negleft or refufe to proceed on the intended Voyage or Voyages for which he (hall have engaged or taken Earaeft, every fuch Seaman or Mariner (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, and it (hall and mar be lawful, upon Penalty. Complaint made thereof to any of His Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace within .their refpedive JurrldiCtions by the Mafter or Owner or Owners, or any other Perfon having Charge or Command of the Veffel or Boat in which fuch Seaman or Mariner engaged fo go, for fnch Juftice, and he is hereby required to iffue his Warrant to apprehend fuch Seaman or Mariner, and in cafe fuch Seaman or Manner fliall not pay fuch Penaltv, or give fufficient Reafon for fuch Rc£u-fal to tlie Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, then to commit fuch Seaman or Mariner to the Houfe of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, nor lefs than Fourteen puniftunent. Days.

Vf. And be it further enafted, That if any Mafter or Owner of Hiring #r en-eoy Ship, Veffel or Boat lhall hire, entice, harbour, entertain or em* Appren* ploy in any fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, any Apprentice, Seaman or Laudman, belonging to any Fiihing Veffel or Boat, or who (hall have

engaged

Digitized by^j.O

3S®

C. 108.

50i° GEO. III.

A.D»i£io«

Penally.

Juftu-M to determine Differencei.

Diftre&.

engaged to go on any Fifhing Voyage, knowing that fuch Apprentice, Seaman or Landman does belong to fuch Fifhing Veffel, or has engaged to goon a FifliingVoyage, or after Notice given there* of, every fitch Matter or Owner as afort-faid, on being convicted of any fuch Offence, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied in manner hereinafter fpecified.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Judices of the Peace within their refpe&ive Jurifdidions (hall hear and determine all Offences committed againd the true Intent of this A£t, and that all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures infli&ed and made payable by this A£t, whereof the time of Payment is not hereinbefore dirc&ed, (hall be paid within Twenty four Hours after the Conviction of the Offender,’ either by iiis or her Confeflion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, which Oath every Judice within hi* refpeCtive JurifdiCtion is hereby authorized and required to admimfter, and that any Judice or Judicrs within his- or their refpeCtire Jurif-diCtion may iffue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals refpeCtively, diredted to any Peace Officer within their re-fpe&ive Jiirifdi&ion, to levy the fame by Didrefs of Goods and Chattels of the refpe&ive Perfon and Perfons who (hall be fo convicted, and which (hall be found within the refpedtive Jurisdiction of any fuch Judice or Judices; and if within Five Days from any fuch Didrefs being taken the Money forfeited (hall not be paid, together with the Cods of fuch Didrefs, the Goods fo didrained (hall be appraifed and fold, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Cods and Charges of the Didrels and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges (hall be afeertained by fome Judice or Judices of the County, City, Riding, Divifion or Place in which the Offender or Offenders fhall have been conviCed, and if fufficient Didrefs cannot at any time be found whereby the Money which fhall be for eited by any Offender or Offenders againd this AC can be levied on his, her Or their Goods and Proof ouOtih. Chattels, then, and in every fuch Cafe, upon Proof thereof upon Oath before fome Judice or Judices within whofe refpeCive Jurif-diCion any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall refide or be, fuch Jullice or Judices (hall on the Application of any Profecutor or Prosecutor* of any fuch Offender or Offenders, iffue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any (uch Judice or Judices, direCed to fome Peace Officer or Officers to apprehend every fuch Offender or Offenders, if he, (he or they can be found, and to convey and commit every fuch Offender and Offenders to the Houfe of CorreCion of the County, City or Place where any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be found and apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding One Month, as any fuch Judice or Judices (hall order, unlefs the Money which (hall be forfeited by fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be fooner paid.

VIII. Provided alway8, apd^it is hereby ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall fufftr any Punifliment for any Offence committed againd thi* A6t, unlefs the Profecution for the fame be commenced within Three Calendar Month* after fuch Offence committed ; and that where any Perfon (hall fuffer Imprifonment purfuant to thi* A & for any Offence contrary thereto, in default of Payment of any Penalty hereby im-pofed, fuch Perfon (hall not be liable afterward* to pay fuch Penalty.

V	IX.	And

Imprifonment.

Lim'fUtton of frofecutlDM.

Digitized by CaOOQle

A.D.i8io*

C.108.

35*

$o° GEO. ra.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if it (hall be made out by the Oath of any credible Perfon or Perfons to the Satrsfalftion of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, that any one within the Jurifdi6tion of any fuch Juftice or Juftices is likely to give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Profecutor or any Offender or Offenders againft the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or on Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and will not voluntarily appear before fuch Jnftice or Juftices, and be examined and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premifes, every fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to iffue his or their Summons, to convene every fuch Witnefs and Witneffes before any fuch Juftice or Juftices at fuch feafonable time as in fuch Summons (hall be tixed; and if any Perfon fo fummoned (hall neglefl or refitfe to appear at the time by fuch Summons appointed, and no juft Caufe (hall be offered for fuch Negleft or Kefufal, then after Proof by Oath of fuch Summons having been duly ferved upon the Party or Parties fo fummoned, every fuch Juftice and Jufticesis and are hereby authorized and required to iffue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal ot; their Hands and Seals, to bring every fuch Witnefs or Witneffes before any fuch Juftice or Juftices, and on the Appearance of any fuch Witnefs or Witneffes before any fuch Juftice or Juftices, every fuch Juftice or Juftice3 is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath every fuch Witnefs, and if any fuch Witnefs on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall refufe to be examined on Oath concerning the Premifes, without offering any juft Caufe for filch Refufal, any fuch Juftice or Juftices within the Limits of his or their Jurifdi6tion, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, commit any Perfon or Perfons fo refulingtobe examined to the Publick Prifon of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place in which the Perfon or Perfons fo refufmg to be examined fhall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor lefa than Three Days, as any fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall diredl.

X.	And be it alfo ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon againft whom a Warrant (hall be iffued by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for

'any Offence agahift this A& (hall go into, reilde or he in any other County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurifdifction of the Juftice or Juftices who (hall have granted any fuch Warrant or Warrants as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for any Jnftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County; Riding, Divifion. City, Liberty, Town or Place into which fuch Offender or Offenders againft this Att (hall go or be, to indorfe his or their Name or Names on fuch Warrant, (Proof being firft made on Oath of fuch Warrant having been figned by fuch other Jnftice or Juftices) and every Warrant lo indorfed (hall be fuftieient Authority to all Perfons to execute fuch Warrant in fuch other County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurifdiltion of the Juftice or Juftices who firft granted /uch Warrant, and every fuch Juftice and Juftices respectively as the Cafe (hall happen, after indoffing any fuch Warrant as aforefaid, may, on the Offender or Offenders therein named being apprehended and brought before any fuch Juftice or Juftices within bis or their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, hear and determine the Matter of the Complaint contained in every fuch W arrant, in the fame manner a»if fuch Complaint .had originally arofe within the Jurifdiftjanof

Juftices *n»7 fumraon Witneffes.

Refuting tv appear.

Warrant.

Refuting to be examined.

Committal.

Offenders going to reticle in other Couuiics.

Warrant

lucked.

Application of iVn.il ties.

Ari*»**

Security. N« ce.

O.IU

pirtrcfc.

form, of Con* victioo.

fuch Juftice or Juftices who (hall have fo backed any fuch Warranty or* may dired the Offender or Offenders to be carried before a Juftice or Juftices within whofe Jurifdidion the Offence was committed» there to be dealt with according to Law.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That One Moiety of all Money which (hall be forfeited for any Offence which (hall be committed againff this Ad (and not herein otherwife appropriated), (ball, when recovered, go and be paid to the Perfon or Pertons who (hall profe-cute to Convidion any fuch Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof (hall go and be paid to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital for the time being, for the Benefit of the dame Hofpital.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That it (hall be -lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall think him, her or them* felves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Juftice or Juilices of the Peace upon account of any Offence committed or fup-pofed to be committed againft this Ad, to appeal to the General or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace which (hall be held for the County, City, Riding, Divifion or Place where any fuch Offence (hall have been committed next after the Convidion ot any Offender or Offenders for any Offence committed againil this A&, the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing, firft giving Security in Double the Sum forfeited before fuch Juftice or Juilices to profecutc fuch Appeal with Effect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which (hall be made on fuch Appeal, and giving Eight Days Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to appeal, to the Party or Parties on whofe Profecution any fuch Convidion (hall be made, if there (had be fo many Days within the time of fuch Convidion and filch General or Quarter* Seffion, and

if not, then the Party or Parties who (hall deem him* her or them-felves aggrieved by any fuch Convidion, (hall and may be at Liberty to appeal to the next General or Quarter-Seilian but one which (hail be held next after any fuch Convidion for the County, City or Place where any fuch Convidion (hall be made, and the Juilices in their faid General or Quarter-Sedion are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Cods as to them (hall appear juft, and to caufe to be levied under the Order of any fuch Seffion, the Cofts which (hall be awarded, together with fuch Money at any fuch Court of Seffion on the hearing of any fuch Appeal (hall adjudge to be forfeited, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall refufe to pay fuch Cuds and Money forfeited, and if fufficient Goods qr Chattels of any fuch Offender or Offenders cannot be met with to fatisfy fuch Cods and Money forfeited, then by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have become Surety or Sureties as aforefaid, for the Party or Parties who (hall have fo appealed.

XIII.	And, for the mere eafy Con vision of Offenders, Be it farther enaded, That the Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convidcd>>f any Qffeoce againft this Ad, (hall and may caufe the Convidion to be digram up in the following Form of Words, or in other to tip fame Effcd; (tndcRat)

4 RE it remembered, That on the	Day of

•	in	the	Year	of the Reign 6f

4 His Majefty King	is	Ter,	are!	cooviderf	be-

1 fore	one	or	more	of	His	Juftices of the

‘ Peace

Digitized by Google

A.D. i8io.

353

. 50° GEO. III.	C.	108,109.

*	Peace for	by	virtue of an Aft pafied in

* the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the

* Third, intituled, \Jjere infert the Title of this sift, /pacifying the 4 Offence and the Time and Place no hen and where the fame was com-

* mined, as the Cafe /hall be] contrary to the fmd Aft, [or, as 4 the Cafe Jhall be] for which Offence, we [or, I] adjudge 4	Given	under our [or, my] Hands

4 a id Seals [or, Hand and Seal] the Day and Year tirit above 4 written.9

XIV.	Provided likewife, and be it alfo enafted, That no Order Order or Pro-

©r Proceedings to be made or had by or before any Ju(lice of the reeding* not Peace in relation to the Premifes (hall be qualhed or vacated for want	for	w»nt

of Form only, and that the Order which (hall be made in the Pre- 0 orra* miles by the Ju dices at their General or Quarter-Seflion of the

Peace as aforefaid, (hall be final, and that no Proceedings of any fuch Judiceor Judices out of Seflion, or in their faid General or Quarter-Seflion in purfuance of this Aft, (hall be removeable by Certiorari,

Letters of Advocation, or of Sufpenfion or otherwife.

XV.	And be it enafted, That if any Aftion or Suit (hall be Limitation of brought or commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any thing Aftion*. which (hall be done in purfuance of this Aft, every fuch Aftion or

Suit (hall be brought and commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after any fuch Caufe of Aftion lhall have accrued, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought, laid and tried in the County,

City or Place in which the Caufe of Aftion (hail have arifen, and not clfewhere, and that the Defendant and Defendants in every fuch Aftion and Suit may plead the General Iflue, and give this Aft and General Iflue. the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Aft; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall not be commenced within the time before limited, or (hall be laid or brought in any other County, City or Place than where the Caufe of Aftion (ball have arifen, then, and in any of fuch Cafes, the Jury (hall find a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall become nonfuit or difeontinue his, her or their Aftion, after the Defendant or Defendants therein (hall have appeared, or if, on any Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, then, and in any of the faid Cafes, every iuch Defendant or Defendant (hall have and recover Treble TieMe Cofiv Cods and (hall be entitled to puifue and take fuch Remedy for recovering of the fame as any Defendant or Defendant* hath or have to recover his or their Cods in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. CIX.

An Aft to continue,, for Two Years and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, and amend an Aft made in the Forty f-venth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the preventing improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland.	[20th June	1810.]

*	\\J HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty feventh Year of 4 - ^ 3 SdT <?.

*	W His prefent Majefty, intituled, /In A8 to present improper c. 54»

4 Perfons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from tl e

jo Geo. 111.	A	a	*	palling

A.D. i8io.

c«Minu«d.

Two Jufticw,

on .Sufpicion that Arms are unlawfully in PoflWlion of any Perlon, may report to Lord Lieutenant.

‘Warrant.

47 LI. 0. SelT. 2. c. 54. § 8. 12.

Two Jufticr*

infteaul of One, as required by recited A A, may ft arc li lor Arms, &c.

C. 109.	50®	GEO. III.

* palling thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of 4 the then next Seflion of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the faid Aft fhould be further continued and fhould be 4 amended in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and (hall be in force for Two Years from and after the palling of this Aft, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, except only fo far as the faid recited Aft is repealed, altered or amended by this prefent Aft.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That whenever any Two Jullices of the Peace in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireh/nd, (ball have any reafonable Grounds of Sufpicion, that any Perfon or Per funs within fuch County, or County of a City or Town, is or are unlawfully in pofftrflion of Arms; or that any Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, are in any Houfe or Place within fuch County, County of a City or Town, fuch Jullices of Peace (hall forthwith tranfmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, a Report ligned by fuch Two Juitices, of fuch Sufpicion, with the Grounds and Rcafons of fuch Sufpicion, and upon the Receipt of fuch Report of fuch Two Juitices, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Govei nors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to authorize and require fuch Juitices or any other Jnftice to fearch or caufe Search to be made within and throughout fuch County, County of a City or Town, or within any Parilh, Barony or Half Barony within fuch County, County of a City or Town, as (hall be fpecitied in fuch Warrant, for any Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, in manner direfted by the faid recited Aft ; and it flinll not be lawful for any Jultice of the Peace in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to authorize or to join in authorizing any Perfon to make any Search, under the laid recited Aft, for any Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, before or until fuch Warrant (hall have been granted by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary for that Purpofe; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithllanding.

III.	And be it further enafted, That fo much and fuch Paits of the laid recited Aft as enafts or enaft that it lhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace when he lhall have reafonable Ground of Sufpi-cion to fearch for Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks in any Houfe or Place in Ireland, lhall be and the fame is and are hereby Repealed, and that from and after the palling of this Aft it (hall and may be lawlul for any Two Jullices of the Peace within their Jurif-diftion (upon Information given to fuch Jullices on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnelTes, that to the bed of his or their Knowledge and Belief, any Perfon is unlawfully in pofleflion of Arms, or that any Pikes, Pike Heads, Diggers or Dirks are in any Houfe or Place, but not otherwise) to fearch for Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks in the Houfe or Premifcs of any

Perfon,

Digitized by LjOOQle

jo® GEO. III.

.109, no.

iss

Perfon, or in *ny Houfe or Place mentioned in fuch Information, in manner and under the Regulations in the faid recited Aft contained.

IV. And be it further enafted, That whenever any Perfon male- Prorifo for tng Notification of his having Anns and obtaining a Licence as in Perfon» having the faid A (El is provided, (hall have been once required under the faid recited Aft, by any Juftice of the Peace within whofe Jurifdiftion fuch u 08 Armi* Perfon (hall refide, to deliver to fuch Juftice an Inventory of all Arms in his «r her Pufleflion, it (hall not be lawful for the faid Juftice, or any other Juftice within whofe Jurifdiftion fuch Perfon (hall dwell, to make any further or other Kequifition from time to time, nor (hall fuch Perfon be compellable to deliver fuch Lifts from time to time as often as he (hall be required by any Juftice under the faid'recited Aft, any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftand* ing: Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace, or the Majority of them at any Seflion of the Peace, from time to time to require fuch Lift from any Perfon within their Jurifdiftion having made fuch Notification and obtained fuch Licence as aforefaid, and fuch Perfon (hall deliver fuch Lift from time to time accordingly, when and as often as fuch Perfon (hall be fo required by fuch Juftices at any fuch Seflion.

C A P. CX.

An Aft to allow, until the Firll Day of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and WJlminJler, by Inland Navigation.

[20th June 1810.]

1 TY7HEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Thirty fourth Year of 34 G. 3. c. 9#, * * W the Reign ot His prefent Majefty, intituled, An /Id for 4 making a navigable Canal from the River Kennett at or near the 4 Tovon of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon at 4 or near tbj City of Bath, and alfo certain Navigable Cuts then in 4 deferibed, Coals may be brought into the Port of London down the 4 Thames: And whereas it is expedient in order to encourage and 4 proteft the Coafting Trade of this Realm and the Dues of the City 4 of London, and His Majefty’s Revenue, ariling from the Impor-4 tation of Coals into the faid Port, that Coals imported by Inland 4 Navigation (houid be fubjeft to the fame Duties as are by Law 4 payable upon the fame when imported Coaft wife May it therefore pieafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s Moll Excellent Maieily, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That from and after the Fu ll Day of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and ten, it (hall not be lawful for any Otlicer of the Cuftoms to permit any Coals, Culm or Cinders to pafs down the River Thames below the City’s Stone placed on the Weft Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlefex, by Order of the Lord Mayor of London, towards the fupplying of London or IVclhninflcr, or the Places adjacent, in any Boat, Barge or Vcflel in which any other Goods,

Wares or Merchandize (hall be laden, nor until the Mailer or Perfon having Charge of the Boat, Barge or Vcflel in which fuch Coals,

Culm or Cinders (hall be laden, (hall produce and deliver to fuch

A a 2	Officer

Coals not to be brought below the City Stone in Barges in which other floods are brought, or without Certificate of Quao* tity.

Boat, &c. feized.

Falfe Certificates.

IWIty.

Coals landed aliovr die Stone dial! not be brought below.

1’entlty.

Doties to be jitid.

Officer as rmy be Rationed at or near to the City’s Stone aforefaid, by Order of the Commifiioncrs of His Majeffy’s Cufloms in England,

(who is hereby authorized and required to receive or demand the amc) a Certificate exprefiing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders in fuch Boat, Barge or Veffel; which Certificate every Per* fon felling or loading any Coals, Culm or Cinders towards the Supply of London and Wcjlminjler, or the Places adjacent, is hereby required to give to fuch Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge of fuch Boat, Barge or Veffel, who is hereby required to deliver the fame to the faid Officer of the Cufloms, who (hall fign and enter and regiiler the fame in a Book to be kept for him for that Purpofe ; and the faid Entry and Rcgifter of the Certificate ffiall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Evidence in all Cafes in which the original Certificate' is not produced; and in cafe there fhall be in fuch Boat, Barge or Veflcl any greater Quantity of Coals than {hall be exprefTed in fuch Certificate, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize laden on board, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Coals, Culm or Cinders on board of fuch Boat9 Barge or Veflcl (hall be forfeited, and may and (hall be feized by any Officer of the Cufloms, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain fuch Boat, Barge or Veffel for that Purpofe ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perlons fending any fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders for Sale towards the Supply df the Cities of London or IVeJlminJler, and Places adjacent, (hall knowingly give any falfe Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity or Quantities of Coals on board of any Barge or Veffel, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enaCtcd, That no fuch Coals, Culm or Cinder** having been brought down the Thames and landed above the faid Stone near Staines Bridge, (hall, upon any Pretence whatever, be laden on board any Boat, Barge or Veffel upon any Part of the River Thames between the faid Stone and London Bridge, and if any fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders fhall be fo laden on board any fuch Boat^ Barge or Veffel contrary to the Directions of this ACt, the Perfon or Perlons by whom or on whofe Account the fame fhall be fo laden, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Ton Weight of fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity ; and fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders fhall be forfeited, and may and fhall be feized by any Officer of the Cuf-toms, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain fuch Boat, Barge or Veffel for that Purpofe.

IV. And be it further enaCted, That there fhall be raifed, levied and collected, and paid on all fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders brought down the River Thames in manner aforefaid nearer to London than the City’s Stone deferibed as aforefaid, the Rate and Duty of Cufloms following; that is to fay, the Sum of Ten Shillings for and upon each and every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinders fo brought; and there fhall be raifed, levied and collected for every Ton of fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders, a further Duty of One Shilling and Three pence, which laft mentioned Duty fhall at the End of every Quarter be paid by the Officer of the Cufloms who fhall be fo Rationed at or near the faid City Stone a* aforefaid, tp any Perfon or Perfon*

to

Digitized by Google

C.iio;

3S7

jo° geo. nr*

fb be appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London to receive the fame ; or if no fuch Perfon (hall be appointed, into the Chamber of the City of London, as and for and in lieu of the Duty called Orphans Duty, and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are payable to the Corporation of London upon’ Coals, Culm or Cinders'imported into the Port of London ; and all fuch feveral and refpeftive Duties (hall be demandable and demanded and (hall be payable and paid to the proper Officer to be appointed’ by the Commiffioners of the .Cuftoms in England to receive the fame and ftationed as aforefaid, according to the full Quantity and Weight of Coals ; fuch Weight and Quantity as aforefaid to be afcertained in fuch manner as thefaid Commiffioners ot Cuftoms (hall direct, in cafe it (hall appear neceflary to the faid Commiffioners to direft the afcertaining the fame in any other or different manner than is now ufed or authorized or required by any Adi or Adis in relation to any Coals carried Coaftwife or brought into the Port of London.

V.	And be it further enabled, That any Coals, Culm or Cinders on which the Duty impofed by this Adt has been fully paid, may be brought into and landed in any Part of London and Weflmln-Jler or the Places adjacent, or in any Place on the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone aforefaid : Provided that fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders fo removed or brought (hall be accompanied with a Certificate of the Payment of the Duty, which Certificate (hall be granted by fuch Officer of the Cuftoms as the Commiffiohers of the Cuftoms (hall direft; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary not* with (landing.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That the feveral Rates and Duties by this Adi granted (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being, and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized to appoint proper Officers to afeertain, raife, levy, colleft and account for the faid Duties ; and it (hall alfo be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms to caufe any Building or Buildings to be erected which may be neceflary for the Accommodation of the faid Officers, and for the weighing or otherwife afeertainiug the Quantities and Weights of any fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders, and for the fafe Keeping and Cuftody of any Coals that may be feized under or by any Officer of Cuftoms, as to them or any Four cr more of them may feem neceflary for the carrying this Adt into Execution, and afeertaining and levying and colledting the faid Duties.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That the Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Adi mr.y and (hall refpedlivcly be afcertained, managed, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recoveted and allowed, (except where any Alteration is exprefsly made by this Act) in fuch and the like manner and by the fame Means, Ways or Methods as former Dulies of Cuftoms, and alfo by any fuch fpecial Means, Ways or Methods refpedlively, as former Duties of Cuftoms on Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm were or might be afcertained, managed, raifed, levied, colledled, anfwered, paid, recovered and allowed ; and all Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm made fubjeft to Payment of Duties under this A A, and all Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm which may be brought down or upon the faid River Thames nearer to London than the Place J>v this Act fpecified, or contrary to the Proviftons of this Aft or of

A a 3	any

Google

Coals having paid Duty may be landed.

Duties under Comm i (Goners of Cuftoms*

Duties cellefled as former Duties,

C. iio>	508	GEO>	III.	A.D.i8fo,

Former AcU

in tofte.

Coals paying Gqlt Duty exempted.

Corporation »f ItfMon ’ ■ ip-

poiwi Officen.

any other A & or A&s of Parliament, (hall be and the fame are re* fpedtively hereby made fubjedl and liable to all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures relpedlively, to which Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm were fuhjedl and liable by any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force on and immediately before the faid Firlt Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and ten, refpedling the Revenue of Cuftoms, as far as the fame are or can be made applicable, and except where any Alteration is exprefsly made by this Adi; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed againU or in Breach of any Adi or Adis of Parlia-t ment in force on and immediately before the faid Firft Day of AugttJ} One thoufand eight hundred and ten made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers, Provifions and Diredlions contained in any fuch Adi or Adis, (hall (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this Adi) and are hereby diredled and declared to extend to and (hall be refpedlively applied, praCtifed and put in Execution for and in re-fpcdl of the feveral Duties of Cultoms hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purpofes what foe ver as if all and every the faid Acls, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direc* tions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re*enadted in the Body of this Adi, and made Part thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That every Adi of Parliament in force on and immediately before the faid Firft Day of Augy/f One thoufand eight hundred and ten, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Reftridtions were made, ellablifhed or diredled, for the afeertaiuing the Weight or Quantity, or the Amount of any Duties on any Weight or Quantity ot Coals, Culm or Cinders, burnt from Coals or Culm, or for the better fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms (except where any Alteration is cxprefsly made by this Adi) and all Proviiions, Claufes, Mattel sand Things relating thereto, (hall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and EfFedt, and ftiall be applied to the Subiedl of this Adi, and for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully and effedlually as if they haq been repeated and re-enadled in this Adi.

IX.	And whereas it is expedient that Qoals which (hall hare once paid the Coaft Duty ftiould be exempted from the Duty of Cuftoms impofed by this Adi; Be it therefore enadled, That the Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms who ffiall have received fuch Coaft Duty, ffiall give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, to the Perfon who ffiall pay the fame, and on filch Certificate being produced to the Officer of the Cuftoms authorized to receive the Duty of Cuftoms jmpofed by this Adi, and on full and fatisfadlory Evidence that the Coals brought down the faid Hirer Thames to .the laid City Stone, are the lame Coals or Parcel of the fame Coals mentioned in the faid Certificate, he the faid* la it mentioned Officer of the Cuftoms (ball .not demand or receive the Duty of Cuiloms impofed by this A cl;'

X.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the Ford Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of Isomlon, in Common Council aftembled, ai d they are hereby empowered from time to time as Occafiou lhall require, to appoint any Officer or Officers, or other

Perfoa

Digitized by QjOOQle

Perfon or Perfons who (hall have full Power, arid they and each of them are hereby authorized (either in Company with the Officers of His Majefty’s Cuiloms or without) to enter into any Boat, Barge or other Veffel laden with Coals, Culm or Cinders, paffing on or about to pafs nearer to London than the Boundary Stone aforefaid ; and that every Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforefaid,

(hall and lawfully may have and exercife all and every or any the Powers and feveral ways and means of afcertaining the Weights and

8uantities of all fuch Coals, Culm and Cinders, as any Officer or fficers of His Mnjeftv's Cuiloms have or lawfully may excercife or perform under or by virtue of this Aft, as to any Coals, Culm or Cinders paffing or about to pafs nearer to London than the Boundary Stone aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons OMbru.riiug whatfoever (hall afTault, oppofe, moleft, hinder or obftruft any fuch ^h,urs‘ Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Mayor, Aldermen and Commons 38 aforefaid, in tlie due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to fuch Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid by this A^l, every Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Pains, Pru&lty. Puniffiments and Penalties, as by Law may be inflifted in Cafes of Mifdemeanor by the Court before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be convifted.

XIL And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion or Suit (hall Limitation of be brought or commenced again (I any Perfon or Perfons for any thing Aftion*. done in purfuance of this Aft, (uch Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufeof Complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General lffue, and give this Aft and the fpeeial Matter in Evi- General Iflue. deuce at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be noufuited, or difeontinue his, her or their Aftion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if. upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall he given again!! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Colts and have the like Remedy for the fapie as any Defen- Treble Co(h. dant hath in other Crffes to recover Cofls by Law.

XII I. And be it further enafted, That the Duties of Cuiloms by Appropriation of this Aft impofed on Coals, Culm and Cinders, ihall be appropri- Duties, ated and applied in fuch and the like manner as the Duties on fuch Articles, when brought Coaifwife into the Port of London and chargeable according to the Weight thereof, are appropriated and applied by virtue of an Aft puffed in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majrity's Reign, intituled. An Act for repeating the federal 49 G. 3. c. 99. Duties of Lijloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in litu tbei tof'	.	.	•	.

XIV7. Provided always, and he it further enafted, That nothing rrovifo for in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conllrued to extend to alter 43 G. 3. c. 12^ or repeal any of the Provilions contained in an Aft pa (Tod in the Forty fifth Year of Ilis prefent Majelly’s Reign, intituled, An Aft

A a 4	for

tized by

Gogrg

3 6o

C. iio,hi.

A.D.1810.

50" GEO. III.

for allowing under certain Ref riff ions, until the Firf Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and fix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Weft minder by Inland Navigation ; and which was by feveral Afts continued until the Fiift Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eleven.

Continuance of XV. And be it further enafted, That this A A fhatl continue in force until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

CAP. CXI.

An Aft to limit the Amount of Penfions to be granted out of the Civil Lilt of Scotland.	[20th	June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provifion fhouid be made for the better Regulation of the granting of Penlions out of the Civil Lift in Scotland, and for preventing of Abufe and Excefs therein ; Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons iu this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Penfion Lift of the palling of this Aft, no Penfion exceeding the Sum of Three Scotland limited. hundred Pounds a Year fhall be granted out of the Civil Lift of Scotland to or for the Ufe of any one Perfon, and that the whole Amount of Penfions granted from fuch Lift in any one Year lhall not exceed Eight hundred Pounds ; a Lift of which, together with the Names of the Perfons to whom the fame are granted, (hail be laid before Parliament in Twenty one Days after the Beginning of each Seflion until	the whole Penfion Lift of Scotland	(ball be reduced to Twenty	five thoufand Pounds, which Sum it	(hall not be

lawful to exceed in the Whole of all the Grants, nor lhall any Penfion to be granted after the faid Reduction to or for the Ufe of any one Perfon exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, except to One of tfie Royal Family, or on an Addrefs of either Houle of Parliament.

Ho-v Surplus of II. And be it fur!her enafted, That all Sums of Money which Civil Li il of Scot- fhall remain after	Payment of all fuch Penfions and	Grants and

laud applied.	other Charges as	are or fhall hereafter be charged upon or granted

or payable out of the Civil Lift of Scotland, and after defraying any Charges incident thereunto, fhall from time to time as the fame fhall arife, and any fuch Surpluses or Balances fhall remain of the Fund applicable to the Civil Lift of Scotland, go te the Ufe and be applied in Aid of the Civil Lift of England.

His Majefty may III. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing make other in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to pre-Grants.	vent Majefty from making any fuch Grants (other than and

except Penfions) for Civil Purpofes in S otland, out of the Monies applied to the Payment of the Civil Lift of Scotland, as His Majefty has heretofore been accuftomed, and authorized and empowered to make before the paffing of this Aft.

C A P.

Digitized by CjOOQle

A„D.i8id.

C. ua.

50° GEO. III.



CAP. CXII.

An A<d for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Seflion in Scotland) and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court.

[20th June 1810.]

4 "VTJ'HEREAS an Ad was pa fled in the Forty eighth Year

*	V? of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, yin A3 4 concerning the Adminifl ration of Juflice in Scotland, and concerning 4 sip peals to the Houfe of Lords, by which Ad His Majelty was 4 empowered to name and appoint, and purfuant to which His

*	Majefty did name and appoint, by His Majefty’s Royal Sign Ma-

*	nual, certain Perfons to make Enquiries into the Form of Procefs

*	in the Court of Seflion, and to report upon various Matters there-4 in particularly fet forth: And whereas an Ad was palled in the 4 laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An A3 to give to the Perfons 4 named by H'u Mayfly % purfuant to the faid recited A3, further 4 Time for making their Report or Reports : And whereas the Com-4 miflioners fo appointed have made two Reports to His Majefty 4 and the Two rloufes of Parliament relative to the Subjed Matter 4 upon which they were direded to report: And whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the Mode of extrading Judicial Ads and Decrees of 4 the Court of St flion hitherto in Ufe fhould be altered, and a

*	more abridged Form adopted, and that other Regulations (hould

*	be eftablifhed, and Amendments made in the Forms of that Court;

4 which cannot be effeded without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the prefent Mode of extrading Judicial Ads and Decrees (hall, from and after the pafling of this Ad, ceafe and determine, together with all the Fees and Dues exigible for (uch Extrads, or relating thereto : Provided neverthelefs, that the Fees now payable to the Lord Chief Clerk Regifter, and to the Macers of the Court of Seflion, and to the Keeper of the Minute Books upon Ads and Decreets, and to the Houfekeepers upon Abbreviates of Adjudication, (hall continue to be paid and payable upon the abridged Forms of Extrad preferibed by this Ad.

II.	And be it enaded. That the Forms herein preferibed for the Extrad of Judicial Ads and Decreets, and the Rules and Regulations made relative thereto, (hall, from and after the pafling of this Ad, be obferved in all cafes, whether of Adions and Proceffes at prefent or then depending, or which may in future come into Court* or thofe which, although (inilhed, have not been taken out of Court by a final extraded Decree; and the Fees and Dues hereby made payable in the cafe of Extrads, and no other, (hall, from and after the pafling of this Ad, be the Fees and Due payables for fuch Extracts.

III.	And be it enaded, That in Adions for Payment or Performance or fuch other common Proceedings, and in Proccfles of Advocation or Sufpenfion, the Extrad of the Decree (hall from and after the pafling of this Ad be in the Form appearing from Schedules (A.) (B.j (C.) (D.) and (E.) hereunto annexed refpedively.

IV. And

48 G. 3. C. 151.

49 G. 3. c. 119.

Extrads of Decrees at prefent in Ufe abolifhed.

Certain Fee* on abridged Forms of Extrad continued.

Forms of Extrads to be obferved.

Forms of Extrad in common Actions, &c.

zed by

vGoogld

Form ofExtraft \H Adjudications.

Jbrro of Extract in Ojjio Bono-rum.

Form of Extract in Actions oi‘ proving Tenor.

Form of Extra (ft in Adkins of Declarator,

Form of Extrad in Anions of Ranking.

No pronouncing Ads in certain Action*.

Provifo for certain Form of Ex trad.

f rrt'.fiwl Copie* in rafes of Appeal.

C. ii%*	5o0 GEO. Ill,	A.D.1810.

IV.	And be it enabled, That in Procefles of Adjudication, the Extract of the Decree (hall, from and after the paflitig of this Aft, be in the Form which has heretofore been ufed for the Abbreviate pf the Adjudication in cafe a Decree {hall be pronounced for the Adjudger; but where the Defender is aflbilzied, the Extraft (hall te in the Form hereinbefore directed to be ufed in the Cafe of Decrees of Abfoivitor.

V.	Aknd be it enacted. That in Actions of Cejpo Bonorum, the Extraft of the Decree (hall be in the Form at prefent ufed for the Abitraft in Decreets of Ctjfto, with an Addition thereto of the Names of all the Creditors cited.

VI.	And be it enafted, That in Aftions of proving the Tenor and Tranfumpt, the Extract (hall contain a Copy of the Deed proved or tranfumed, with the Judgments pronounced by the Court, reduced into the Form of what is at prefent termed the Grand Deccmi-ture, in Cafes where Decree (hall be pronounced in favour of the Pur* filer; and in Cafes where the Defender (hall be aflbilzied, the Extract fhall be in the Form hereinbefore preferibed in Decreets of Abfoivitor.

VII.	And be it enacted, That in Aftions of Declarator, the Extract of the Decree fhall contain the Concluiion of the Summons and the Judgments pronounced by the Court, reduced into the Form of the prefent Grand Dccerniture.

VIII.	And be it enacted. That in Aftions of Ranking and Sale, the following Regulations fhall be obierved: Firil, the Extract of the Aft and Comrniflion for proving the Value of the Subjeft to be fold fhall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed ; Secondly, the Extract of the Decree of Sale (hail be in the form appearing from Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed ; Thirdly, the Extract of the Decree of Ranking (hall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (H.) hereunto annexed; Fourthly, the Extract of the Decrees of Divifion (hall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (I.) hereunto annexed 5 Fifthly, there (hall no longer be any Extract of the Decreet of Certification, in a Proqefs of Ranking and Sale, nor any Aft of Roup pronounced, nor confequently any Ex* traft thereof, the Letters of Publication now in ufe rendering fuch Afts unneceffary, but the Extraft of Letters of Publication (ball be continued in their prefent Form.

IX.	And bf* it enafted, That in Aftions of proving the Tenor and of Reduction, no Aft (hall henceforth be pronounced ; and in Aftions of Improbation, Afts for Firil and Second Terms (hall be difeontinued.

X.	And be it enafted, That in all other Cafes not herein particu* hrly deferibed, whether ariling upon Summons, Bill or Petition, or Petition and Complaint, the Extiaft of the Decree (hall be according to the Forms herein fet forth, with fuch Variations as the Nature of the Cafe and the Form of the Application may neccfTarily require.

XI.	And be it enafted, That where an Appeal fhall be taken to the Houfe of Lords, a full Copy of the printed Papers given into the Court of Sefiion, certified by One of the principal Clerks of Seflion, together with Copies fo certified of fuch Interlocutors and Minutes of the Court as (hall have been pronounced or framed fub-It-quent to the Date of the lad of thefe printed Papers, (hall and

may

Digitized by Google

may be received in Evidence in ftich and the like manner as Extradts of the whole Proceedings are at prefent.

XII.	And be it enadted, That no Record Copy, as it is termed, No Record Copy

(hall henceforth be made ; but at the Expiration of Five Years after to be made, the Date of the final Decree or laft Proceeding in that Court, each Proceeding Procefs with all the Steps of Proceeding in it, and Produdtions, not tranfmitted to taken up by the Parties, fhall be tranfmitted to and lodged in the	R*-giftc*

General Regifter Houfe, under the Cuftody of the Lord Clerk °U e* Regifter of Scotlandy and Duplicate fhall be made of all Extradts of

Decrees in the Form herein preferibed, for which no Fees fhall be exigible, except the ordinary Charge for copying paid for copying at the time in the Court of Seflion ; which Duplicates fhall from time to time be bound up in convenient Volumes, and after remaining not more than Five Years after the Date of the final Decreet in the Office of the Clerk wherein fuch Duplicates fhall have been made, fhall at the Expiration of that Period be regularly tranfmitted to the faid General Regifter Houfe.

XIII.	And be it enadted, That the Offices of Extradtors in the Office of Fx-Court of Seflion, as heretofore conftituted, fhall be abolifhed, and the tra&or *bo!ifhud. Six Affiftants of the principal Clerks of Seflion fhall prepare the

abridged Forms of Extradt herein diredted to be obferved; each Affiftant executing that Duty in fuch Procefles as belong to the Department or Cl°fet of the principal Clerk, under whom he adts, or the correfponding Depute Clerk in the Outer Houfe.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That it fhall and may Authemirated be lawful for any Party to require, and the faid Affiftants refpec- ^°Pyof l>rQ-tivcljr are hereby required to furnifh to fuch Party, authenticated cee^nS*t0 **arly Copies of all or any Part of the Proceedings in any Caufe, figned nKlllirin8*

by One of the principal Clerks of Seflion, and which Copy the principal Clerks of Seflion are hereby refpedtively required to fign, but no Fee whatever fhall be paid or payable for fuch Copy, (fave and except the ordinary Charge for copying, paid at the time in the Court of Seflion).

XV.	And be it enadted, That each of the prefent Affiftants of the AffiflanisAf principal Clerks who arc directed to prepare the abridged Forms of principal ( lerk* Extradt hereby preferibed, (hall continue to cxercife and enjoy the ^ff^Fonnof Office of Extractor, hereby conferred upon him, ad vitam nut culfam :

Provided always, that every other Perfou to be appointed a Clerk Affiftant and thereby an Extractor of fuch abridged Forms fhall be and continue in refpedt of his Office of Extractor in fuch and the fame Situition as any Clerk Affiftant is at prefent in refpedt of fuch Office of Clerk Affiftant.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That the faid Affiftants of the Clerks Fees of Clerics (hall and may continue to receive the Fees to which as fuch Affiftants Aififlanuiobe they are at prefent or may in future be entitled ; but in their Charac- £ont,”Ur<!* ter of Extradtors, according to the new Forms hereby eftabliflied,they ces ,r ' r fhall be entitled to no Fee whatever except the ordinary Charge for

copying paid for copying at the time hi the Court of Seflion ; neither (hall the principal Clerks or the Depute Clerks of Seflion be entitled to any Fees whatever; but declaring that the faid Clerks and the faid Affiftants of the Principal Clerks, in their Character of Extractors,

(hall be paid the following Salaries, videlicet; each Principal Clerk of Seflion fhall receive a Salary of One thoufand Pounds .Sterling per ^fMiu/n,without Prejudice to the Salary of Forty Pounds payable to

SC4

C. I 12.

so’ cJeo. nr;

A.D.1810,

Clerks of Seflion and Depute Clerks, &c. to receive Salaries.

Salaries paid Quarterly out of Fee Fund.

7 Aim. c. 11.

§ 10.

10 Anu. C. 26. §108.

Dues of Court to form Fee Fuad.

Ex penceof Office Booms paid out of Fee Fund.

Dues of Court abolifhed, Dues in Schedules to be taken.

Fees on Begif-tration, &c.

the King's Clerk, and without Prejudice alfo to the Fees to which any of them may be entitled in cafe he (hall hold the Office or Situation of Keeper of the Regitlerof Taillies; each Depute Clerk of Seffion (hall receive a Salary of Four hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum^ without Prejudice to the Salary of Ten Pounds, payable to the King's Depute Clerk; each Affillant of the principal Clerk (hall receive a Salary of Two hundred Poilnds Sterling per Annum, for preparing the abridged Forms of Extract herein preferibed without Prejudice to the Salary of Ten Pounds per Annumf to the prefent King's Extractor during his Life.

XVII.	And be it enabled, That the Salaries hereinbefore provided, (hall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be payable quarterly out of the Fee Fund hereby ellablifhcd, and if fuch Fund iliall at any time be infufficient for the Payment of fuch Salaries, the Deficiencies (hall be fupplied in the fame manner with the Salaries payable to the Judges of the Court of Se(lions out of the Monies which by feveral Ads made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reigti of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majelly, her Heirs or Succeflors, for keeping up the Courts of Seffion, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That for the Purpofe of railing fuch Fee Fund, the Fees fpecified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, “ Dues of Court," (hall be payable and exigihle upon and for the feveral Matters therein contained.

XIX.	And be it enaded, That the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum (hall be paid out of fuch Fee Fund to the Order of the Principal Clerks of Seffion, for defraying the Ex pence of the Office Rooms of the whole Principal and Depute Clerks of Seffion, and all other Charges and Expences conneded therewith ; and the faid Principal Clerks (hall be bound and obliged to keep up and defray the Expences of fuch Office Rooms, and to defray all fuch other Charges and Expences accordingly.

XX.	And be it enaded, That the Dues of Court at prefent payable to the Clerks of Seffion and the prefent Office of Colledor of the Clerks Dues, (hall be and the fame are hereby abolifhed and the Dues mentioned in the faid Schedule (hall be colieded by a Colledor appointed by the Lord Prefident of the College of Juftice, holding his Office advham aut cu1pam> who (hall difeharge his Duty by per-fonal Attendance in Court or in the Colledor's Office during Office Hours, and by marking upon each Paper that the proper Dues or Fees had been received of the Date marked, without which marking no Principal Clerk or Depute Clerk of Seffions, Lords Clerk. or Clerks Affillant (hall receive any fuch Paper into Procefs ; and fuch Colledor (hall further demand and receive Once a Month or oftener from the Keepers of the Regifters refpedively, who (hall be bound to pay lo him the proportion which the Clerks of Seffion have been in Ufe to receive of Fees paid upon Regillration and upon Extrads of Deeds and Inftruments recorded in the Books of Council and Seffion 5 and all fuch Fees (hall form Part of the Fee Fund hereby eflablifhed.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That fuch Fees paid upon Regiftration, and upon Extrads of Deeds and Inftruments fo recorded in the Books of Council and Seffion, (hall remain in other refpeds as at prefent.

Digitized by Google

XXII Provide*

A.D.iSio,	5cr	GEO.	III.	C.	112)

XXII.	Provided always, and be it hereby cna&ed, That fuch Col-v le&or (hall be refponfible for every Perfon whom he may have occa-

iion to empower to a& for him in his Abfence, and for every Clerk and Perfon employed by him in the Bufinefs of fuch Collection, and (hall find Security for their as well as his own In* tromiflions.

XXIII.	And be it enaCted, That fuch Collector (hall further keep regular and diftinCt Books for entering the Fees and Dues of Couit Separately of the Dates on which they are received, with the Mark of the Clerk’s Office, Names of the Parties, and the Step of the Proceedings upon which the fame is paid, which Books (hall be open at all reasonable times for the Inspection of the Judges, the Auditor of the Court, and the Principal Clerks of Seffion ; and fuch Collector ffiall at lead Once in every Week lodge all Monies fo paid to him with the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Interefl received from which Banks refpeCtivcly (hall make Part of the Fee Fund hereby eftablifhed, out of which fuch Collector (hall pay the Salaries herein direCted to be paid by means of fuch Fees and Dues ; and if upon the Thirty firli Day of Decemler in any Year any Balance (hail remain upon fuch Account, fuch Balance (hail be paid to the Perfon or Perfon* authorized to receive the faid Monies which by the faid ACtsmade in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reigu of Queen Anne were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Seffion, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And, in order to check the Accounts kept by fuch Collector, be it enaCted, That Books (hall be kept by the refpeCtive Clerks of Court of each Office, (liewing the Dues of Court which, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, have or (hould have been received in each Procefs under their Charge on the feveral Steps of that Procefs on which fuch Dues are payable ; and fuch Collector (hall render his Accounts at lead Twice in every Year to any Accountant to be named by the Prefident of the College of Judice ; or if no fuch Accountant (hall be named, to the Auditor of Court, who (hall compare and examine the fame with the Books fo kept by the Clerks, aforefaid, and make his Report thereupon to the Court.

XXV.	And be it enacted, That fuch Collector (hall receive a Remuneration for his Trouble by a Rate payable out of the faid Dues of Four Pounds per Centum upon the Amount thereof received by him.

XXVI.	And be it enaCted, That the Nomination of each Depute

Clerk of Seffion (hall henceforth be veiled in the Six Principal Clerks of Seffion jointly, the Senior Clerk, having in cafe of Equality a cading Voice ; and every fuch Nomination (hall be made without receiving therefor any Price, Gratuity or valuable Confideration of any Kind ; and every Nomination, when made, (hall be forthwith reported to the Court.	,

XXVII.	And be it enaClcd, That in AClions at prefent requiring Two Diets of Appearance, there (hall be only One Diet of Appearance upon an Induct* of Twenty leven Days, where a Defender is domiciled in Scotland ; but Citations in cafes of a (ingle Diet and againd Perfons forth of Scotland (hall remain as at prefent.

XXVIII.	And be itenaCled, That all Caufes uot exceeding the Value of Twenty five Pounds Sterling, (hall from and after the pafliog

3«S

Colle&orofDues to find Security.

Colle&or to keep Books lor Fees;

Money to He paid Weekly into the Bank.

How Balance diipofed (4.

Cheque Books kept.

Per Centage to Collector.

Nomination erf Depute Clerks.

One Diet of Appearance only.

Certain Caufes brought before inferior fudges.

Digitized by

C. it a.

A.D.i8io*

3 66

Permanent Lortls Ordinary appointed.

to adminiftcr Oat Its and ex* amine Wimefics.

Confent of Judges ncrcflary tanew Regulation.

Quorum of Inner Houle.

Grounds of Ad-vutaiitm from the

l^munifl'ary

Court.

Bills of Sufpen-{ion from the Admiralty Court in Maritime i aufes;

$o° GEO. III.

of this Adi he carried on in the lirft Inflande before the inferior Judges, in the manner diredled, and with the Exceptions fpecifiedin an A61, paffed in the Third Seffion of the Second Parliament of His Majelly King Charles the Second, intituled, AS concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories.

XXIX.	And whereas it would facilitate the Difpatch of Bufinefs in the Court of Seffion, if the Duty of the Outer Houfe were done by a certain Number of the Ordinary Judges officiating there, in a more permanent manner than the prefent weekly Rotation among the whole ; Be it enacted, That the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the Firfl Divifion of the Court of Seffion, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Divifion, fhall be relieved from At* tendance in the Inner Houfe, and fhall from and after the palling of this A61 not fit therein, but fhall fit as Lords Ordinary in the Outef Houfe to perform the Bufmefs of the Outer Houfe ; that is to fay. Two of the faid Judges, One of each Divifion, fhall officiate each Week in the Outer Houfe, for hearing Caufes in the Rolls of Suf-penfions, Advocations, Regulations and ordinary Adtions; and fuch Junior Judges of either Divifion fliall officiate as Lords Ordinary, according to the Rules and Forms of proceeding for the time obferv-ed in Proceffes depending before Lords Ordinary.

XXX.	And be it enacted, That this Regulation concerning Ordinary Judges in the Outer Houfe fhall include the Duty of admini-flering Oaths and examining WitnefTes, but fhall not extend to the Bill Chamber, in which the Bufmefs fhall continue to be done as at prefent, by all the ordinary Judges in Rotation.

XXXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby provided and declared. That the prefent Junior Judges who may be affedled by this new Regulation, fhall not be bound by it except with their own Confent, and therefore the Courfe of Rotation fhall remain as it is at prefent, until either by the Confent of the prefent Judges, or by new Appointments of Judges, the requifite Number can be obtained for carrying the faid Syftem into Execution.

• XXXII. And be itenadted, That fo foon as Five Junior Ordinary Judges fhall officiate as permanent Lords Ordinary in the manner herein diredled, Three Judges in either Divifion fhall be a Quorum in the Inner Houfe ; and the other Judges of the Court of Sefiion (hall be relieved from Attendance in the Outer Houfe, and from performing the Duties of Lords Ordinary therein.

XXXIII.	And be it enadled, That Bills of Advocation from Interlocutory Judgmentsof the CommifTary Court fhall be allowed only on the Ground of Contingency and Incompctency, including Incompetency in the Mode of Proof, and in this lafl cafe only with Leave of the CommifTary Court; and no Bills of Advocation from the. CommifTary Court fhall be allowed from Interlocutory Judgments upon Grounds of Iniquity or Error, but fhall be competent only after final Judgment before extradl.

XXXIV.	And be it enadled, That Bills of Sufpenfion from the Admiralty Court in Maritime Caufes, fhall, if not refufed without Anfwers, be in all Cafes ordered to be printed and reported t*> either the Firfl or the Second Divifion of the Court of Seffion ; and if any fuch Bill of Sufpenfion fhall be prefented in time of Vacation, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills fhall not fee Caufe to refufe the fame without Answers, he fhall fill proceeding until the Meeting

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8id«	50°	GEO.	til.	C. 114.	fSf

of the Courts to whom the fame, with the Anfvvers, fhall be then reported.

XXXV.	And be it ena&ed, That Bills of Advocation And Suf-penfion from the Admiralty Court in Mercantile Caufes (hall be regu- regulated, lated in the manner hereinafter prefcribed in the cafe of Advocations and Sufpenfions from the Judgments pronounced by Sheriffs and

other inferior Judges.

XXXVI.	And be it enafted, That Bills of Advocation from the In what Cato Sheriffs and other inferior Judges in Scotland* again ft Interlocutory Bills of Advoca-Judgments, fhall be allowed only upon the following Grounds ; Firft, non from She-of incompetency, including Defect of Jurifdi&ion, perlonal Objec- n *****' w * tion to the Judge, and Privilege of Party ; Secondly, of Contingency ; Thirdly, of legal Objection with refpeft to the Mode of

Proof, or with refpect to fome Change of Poffeflion, or to an Interim Decree for a partial Payment, provided that in the Cafes fpecilied under this Third Head, Leave is given by the inferior Judge.

XXXVII.	And be it enacted. That Bills of Advocation from filch In what Cafe not inferior Judges fhall not in any Cafe be received again ft Interlocutoiy received. Judgments upon Grounds of Iniquity or Error, but only after final Judgment fhall have been pronounced.

XXXVIII.	And be it ena&ed, That in Cafes where final Judgment No written An-fhall have been pronounced, no written Anfwer to a Bill of Advoca- fwers to Bills of tion or Sufpenfion from fuch inferior Judges fhall be received, but in Advocalioii, &c. all fuch Cafes, whether the Catife is brought before the Court of Sef-

fion by Advocation or Sufpenfion, the Bill fhall be palled without Anfwers, upon Caution being found in the fame manner in which Caution is found in Bills of Sufpenfion at prefent ; fave and except in Cafes where upon the Face of the Bill itfelf it fhall appear that it ought to be refufed, and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be refufed accordingly.

XXXIX.	And be it ena&ed, That in like manner Bills of Advo- Bills of Arlvoc*-cation from inferior Judges, on the Ground of Incompetency or Con- ,,on on Crouml tingency fhall be pafTed without Anfwers or injfanter refufed: Pro- °1 Inromjwriiry vided ncverthelefs, that the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may in fuch °r °,lUMoelu7* cafes hear Parties viva voce if he fhall think fit, and fuch Bills may

be pafTed without Caution.

XL. And he it ena&ed, That Bills of Advocation and Sufpen- Bills of Advoca-fion from inferior Judges, when pafTed a3 above directed, upon'be- non and Suffixing expede or upon a Remit from the Court, fhall be inrolled in the J*on w*ie“

Roll of Advocations and Sufpenfions in the Outer Houfe; and the 'lowl,rocec< ltt\ Lords Ordinary in the Outer Houfe and the Judges in the Inner Houfe fhall have the fame Power in every Cafe of Sufpenfion which they now have in Cafes of Advocation, to remit to the inferior Judge with In ft ructions.

XLL And be it enacted, That Bills of Sufpenfion and Interdict Bills of Sufpeti-fhall, with refpeft to Caution, remain as at prefent, and the Lord f»pnand luier-Ordinary may grant Interdict therein after advifing the fame with or ^tm without Anfwers, but no Replies or Duplies fhall be allowed : Provided neverthelcfs, that the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills may if he thinks proper hear Parties viva voce before granting or refufing the TaterdiA.

XLII. And he it enabled, That in Bills of Sufpenfions of Charges buis of Snfpen-or threatened Charges on Bonds, Bills of Exchange or PromifTory fion of Charg«* Notes, Contra&s, Decreets Arbitral, or other Inflrumcnts regiftered on Bonds, S*.

5	for

Digitized by

G<

C.II2.

A.D.1810.

Bills of Swfpcn-fiou againft Decrees.

Two Principal and Two Depute Clerks of bills appointed.

Principal as well as Depute Clerks 10 difcltar^r tlicir Duty ptrfonall).

Fees on Bill ( hamber how diviftble.

So much of Regulations as relate to Fees and Duties of Clerks of Bills fufpended.

50° GEO. III.

for Execution, and in the cafe of Bills of Sufpenfion of Decrees of removing, the Proceeding (hall be as at prefent ; fave and except that no Replies or Duplies fhall be allowed, but the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may if lie thinks proper hear Parties viva voce, and may pafs or refufe the Bills with or without Anfwers.

XLIII. And be it enacted. That in Bills of Sufpenfion againfl Decrees pronounced by the Court of Scffion, in fero, no Replies or Duplies (hall be allowed, and in fuch cales the extracted Decree (hall be produced with the Anfwers.

XLIV. And be it enacted. That from and after the paffing of this Adi with the Exceptions after fpecihed, there fhall be Two Principal Clerks of the Bids appointed as they are at prefent, and only Two Depute Clerks of the Bills, each of whom fhall be appointed by the Two Principal Clerks jointly, without receiving for auy fuch Appointment,. any Price, Gratuity, or valuable Confideratiou of any Kind ; and in cafe they cannot agree upon any fuch Appointment, the Lord Prefident of the College of Jullice fhall have the caflirg Voice ; and in all cafes the Nomination fhall be reported to the Court.

XLV. And be it enabled, That the Principal as well as Depute Clerks fhall perfonally difeharge the Duties of their refpedlive Offices ; the Principal Clerks fhall perfonally attend either Divifion of the Court of Scffion when Bill Chamber Caufes fhall be under Coniidera-tion there in the fame manner tliat the Principal Clerks of Seffion attend in Inner Houfe Caufes ; the Principal Clerks of the Bills fhall alfo further exercife a due Snperintendance over the different Branches of the Duty required for the Performance of the Bufmcls of the Bill Chamber.

XLVI. And be itcna&ed, That the Fees payable upon the Proceedings in the Bill Chamber fhall be colledled and form a common Fund for the Remuneration of the Principal and Depute Clerks of the Bills, and this Fund fhall be divided among them Monthly or Quarterly as they may fettle among themfelves, in the following Proportions ; videlicet: One third Part thereof fhall be paid to each of the Principal Clerks, and One fixth Parc thereof fhall be paid to each of the Depute Clerks.

XLVI I. And be it ena&ed, That fo much of the Regulations herein ena&ed as relate to the Fees and Duties of the Clerks of the Bills, fhall be fufpended fo long as all or any of the prefent Depute Clerks, viz. John Watfon, James Mercer, Andrew Miller and William Scott, fhall continue to hold their Offices or Office, to the Extent hereinafter fpecified, videlicet: Upon the Death or Refiguation of either of John Watfon or James Mercer, prefent Depute Clerks to the Dills, and alfo Clerks to the Record of Abbreviates of Adjudfr cations, the junior Principal Clerk fhall take the Burthen of caufl^ to be difeharged the Duty of the faid Depute, and the Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto fhall be divided equally between the Two Principal Clerks of the Bills 5 and upon the Death or Refig-nation of Andrew Miller, Depute Clerk, or upou the Death or Re-Agnation of William Scott, Affiftant Clerk, or upon the Death or Refignation of both the faid John Watfon and James Mercer, in either of thefe Three Events the Two Principal Clerks of the Bills fhall take the Burthen of caufingto be difeharged the Duty of the faid. Perfon or Perfons, and the Fees and Emoluments thence arifing fhall

he

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

C. 112.

S°Q

GEO. III.

be equally divided between the Two Principal Clerks; and in the Event of the Death or ReGgnation of both Andrew Miller and William Scotty the faid John IVatfon or James Mercery or both of them if then furviving, (hall be one or both of the Depute Clerks to the Bills if they (hall io incline, each drawing One fixth Part of the total Fees, and relinquifhing the Fees to which each is now entitled ; but if either or both of the faid John IVatfon or James Mercer (hall decline to become Depute Clerks of the Bills, the Two Principal Clerks to the Bills (hail difchargc or take the Burthen of caufing to be difcharged the whole Duty at prefent difcharged by the laid Andrew Miller and William Scotty and (hall in that cafe receive the Fees which would have been received by the faid Andrew Miller and William Scotty until the Death or ReGgnation of John Watfon and James Mercer.

XLVIII. And be it farther ena£ted, That the Fees fpeciGed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, “ Rate of Fees payable to the Auditor of Court,” and no other, (hall be payable to and exigible by the Auditor of Court, fuch Fees, in the Event of there being an Auditor for each DiviGon, being divided equally between the Two Auditors.

XLIX. And be it ena&ed, That the Fees receivable by the Keepers of the Inner Houfe Rolls or Clerks of the Lords Prefident of the Two DiviGons of the Court of Seffion, (hall form a Common Fund, and be divided equally between them.

L. And be it ena&ed. That fo foon as Five junior Ordinary Judges (hall officiate as permanent Lords Ordinary in the manner herein dfre£ed, the Fee6 payable to the Clerks of the Ordinary Judges (hall form a Common Fund, and (hall be equally divided among the Clerks of the Thirteen Ordinary Judges of the Court of Seflion.

LI. And be it ena&ed. That Fees demandable by Writers to the Signet for Signet Letters, and for Proceedings ill the Service of Heirs before the Macers of the Court of Seffions, (hall be the Fees (and no others) appearing from the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, “ Table of Fees, of Ordinary Signet Letters, and Fees of “ Service before the Macers,” refpedtively.

LI I. And be it ena&ed, That every Sheet charged for by any Pra&itioner in the Court of Seffion (hall be calculated at the Rate of Three hundred Words to the Sheet; but if any fuch Inftrument (ball contain fewer than Three hundred Words, the fame (hall be charge4 at the Rate of a Sheet; and if after finding the Sheet or Sheets which any fuch Inftrument ihall comprife, calculated at the Rate aforefaid, any Number of Words lefs than Three hundred Words (hall remain, fuch fewer Words (hall be charged as a Sheet.

* LI 11. And whereas by the aforefaid Report by the faid Com-1 miffioners, it is certified, that Compenfation to a certain Amount

*	ought to be given to the Principal and Depute Clerks of Seffion,

*	the Extra&ors, and the Colle&ors of Clerks9 Dues, for Lodes that

*	will be fuftained by them as therein mentioned/ Be it ena&ed, That the Sums of Annuity fpecified in the Schedule hereunto annexed. entitled, «*Specific Compenfations,” (hall be paid to the Per-(001 therein named and dtferibed refpe&ively, at fuch time or times iathe Year, and in fuch. manner ab other Competitions are hereinafter dire&ed to be paid.

. . . 50 Gto. III.	B k	LIV. And

369



Fees of Auditor of Court.

Fees of Keepers oflnnei lloufe divided.

Fees divided between Clerks to On!inary Judges.

Fees demandable by Writers to the Signet.

Contents of a Sheet to be JOO Words.

Compen f-u ictus to certain Officer*

37°

C. 112.

A.D.18IO.

Application t(> Bifomof Exchequer if C ompe- tation inadequate.

lYrfoiv hificring l>ifs :; n new

DllS.

Relief.

Fond 1 r un which ( i)m]>oi fati.»n maiie.

r.ife of aged I'c’i'Mi.- cm-

in copy-ru£ls * cd.

1 ’ j rary Allowance.

50° GEO. HI.

LIV. And be it enaded, That in the Event that any of the hid

Principal or Depute Clerks of Seflion, or Extra&OFt, (hail make aa Application to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland* fetting forth that the Compenfation provided by the Salaries payable by this Ad, or fpecified in the Schedule, is inadequate to bis juft Claims, and if any of the faid Clerks or Extractors (hall make it appear that he has fuffered or will fuffer pecuniary or other Lofs, from the Operation or Effcd of any of the aforefaid Regulations, beyond the Sala-lies allowed, and the Compenfation made by this Ad, due and equitable Confederation being always had of the Ciirumftances of each individual Cafe, the faid Barons are hereby authorized and required to examine into fuch Claims, and to decide whether any and what further Sums of Compenfation are due to all of any of the (aid Clerks or Extradors.

LV. And be it enaded, That if any other Perfon (hall apply to the laid Barons, who (hall eftablifh bis Right, and make it appear that he has fuffered or will fuffer pecuniary Lofs from the Operation or Eifed of any of the afore laid Regulations, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Barons to award to fuch Perfon fuch Cod-penfation as the faid Barons (hall find fuch Perfon entitled to, either by the Payment of a grofs Sum, or by way of Annuity, as they (hall think proper.

LVI. And be it enaded, That every Sum of Compenfation fo to be awarded by the faid Barons, (hall be paid aud payable upon the Order of the faid Barons, in fuch manner, and at fuch time or times, as they (hall direct, out of the aforefaid Monies charged or made chargeable by feveral Ads made in the Seventh and Tenth'Years of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen Anne* with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Seflion, Jufticiary and Exchequer.

LVII. And be it enaded, That the laid Barons of Exchequer (hall confider the Situation of fuch aged and indigent Perfons who may have hitherto gained their Subsidence by copying out Extrads in their prefent Form, and who, having been for many Years attached to the Extrador’s Offices, may not be capable of gaining their Livelihood otherwife, and make fuch Allowance or Allowances, in the way of Annuity, to fuch Perfons refpedivdy, as the faid Barons (hall think proper, which (hall be paid upon their Order out of the aforefaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges for keeping up the Courts of Seffion, Jufticiary and Exchequer aforefaid.

LVII I. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Barons, who are hereby required, to order and dired fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be from time to time paid to any fuch Officer of Court or Perfon as aforefaid, who (hall make Application to them purfuant to this Ad, as the (aid Baronfe (hall think proper, as an Interim Allowance, until the Com: penfation or Provifion to be awarded to any fuch Perfon by virtue of thi* Ad (hall be afeertained and finally determined; and every fuch Allowance fo ordered to be paid by the faid Barons (hall be paid at the time and in the manner they (hall dired out of the aforefaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and othet Charges for keeping up the Court* of Seffioa, Jufticiary and Exchequer aforefaid.

:	LIX. And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

-AD. i e id.

Q. in.

371

50* GEO. III.

L.IX. And be it enaded, That every Sum to he paid purfuant Allowing to this A A out of the aforefaid Monies charged or made chargeable Tax. frce» **<*?* with the Feet, Salaries and other Charges for keeping up the Courts 46<J*3* of Seffion, Judiciary or Exchequer, (hall be paid and payable, free mid clear from ail Taxes and Dcdudions whatsoever, except the Duty charged by an Ad pafied in the Forty fixth Year af the Reign of His prefeut Majefty, intituled, An A3 for granting to .

His Jlajejly during tlx Prtfen* IFor, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Rates and Duties in Groat Britain on the Rates and Duties mrifing from Property, Proftffions, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing an A3 faffed in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majejiy, for repealing certain Parts of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Majefiy, for granting Contribution on the Profits arijing from Property, Profejltons, Trades arid Offices ; and to confolidate and render more cffcQual the Provifions for collcQing the faid Duties•

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Extraft of Decreet in an Ordinary Aftion for Payment of Debt.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and SeffioD, they decerned ^nd ordained and hereby decern and ordain Defeoder to make Payment to Purfoer of tke Sum of	Sterling	of

Principal contained in and due by the Bond, Bill or other Document pr Claim founded on in the Libel [which mufthe Jhortly mentioned by Date or otherwife* as exfreffed in the Judgment of the Court]

-or, due in manner libelled on. Item, of the lawful Intereft of faid Sum from and finoe the	Day of

till Payment; and of the Sum of of Expencerfound due, and of the Sum of

Sterling further as the Expeace of extra&ing this Decreet; and oadam Letters of Homing on a Charge of Fifteen Days, and all other Exeat!km to pafs heieon in Form as Effeirs. Extruded buy me, one of the Principal Clerks of Sefllon.

In Cafes of Decrees in Abfence.

The Form will be the Came as in the above, with the Addition of the Words “ in Abfencc” before the Word «« decerned,” with fnch Alteration in regand to Expeuces as. the CircumHances of the Cafe may require.

SCHEDULE (B.).

Form of Decreet of Abfolviior in an Ordinary Aftion for Payment of Debt.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council aad Seffion, they afloilzied and hereby emcrikie fimpliciter

B b a	Defender

Digitized by

37*

C. in.

A.D.i8id«

50° GEO. III.

Defender from the Whole Conclufions of the Summons and A&ion infilled in before the faid Lords at the Inflance of

againft the faid Defender for Payment of the Sura of	Sterling	alledged	to	have	been	due	by	the

Defender to the Purfuer by the Bond, Bill or other Document of Debt or Claim mentioned in the Libel [which it will be neceffary to refer to by Date or Defcription'] and decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the faid Purfuer to make Payment to the (aid Defender of the Sum of	[here	infert

the Sum of Exfcnccs, if fuch are found due by the Judgment of the Court.] Item, of the Sum of	farther	as	the

Expence of extrj&ing this Decreet; and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution to pafs hereon in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Seilion.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Extract in an Advocation where the Caufe is remitted

ftmpliciter.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council aud Sefiion in the Procefs of Advocation infilled m at the Indance of

again d	complaining	ot	an	Interlocutor of the Sheriff Depute of	dated	the

Day of	lad,	the	faid	Lords	remit-

ted and hereby remit the faid A&ion and Caufe fmpliciter to the faid Sheriff Depute, to the end he may proceed and adminider Judice therein to the final Iffue and Conclufion thereof; and further decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the faid . Advocator to make Payment to the faid Defender, of the Sum of	Sterling	of	Expellees, and of the Sum of	as	the	Expence	of this A&,

and remit and decreet and ordain Letters of Homing on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution to pafs hereon at the Indance of the faid	Defender	againd	the	faid

Advocator for Payment of thefe Sums accordingly in Form as Effeirs. Extra&ed by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Sefiion.

In Cafes of a Remit with In/lruSions.

The Form will be fimilar to the above, but reciting the Indru&ions.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Extract iu a Sufpenfion where the Letters are found orderly proceeded.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and Sefiion, in the Procefs of Sui'penlion infilled in at the Inftance of

againft	complain-

ing of having been charged or threatened to becharged to make Payment to the faid	of	the	Sum	of

Sterling

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8io.

5o° GEO. III.

C. 112.

373

Sterling of Principal contained in and due by the Bond, Bill or other Document mentioned in the Letters [which muft be fhortly deferibed by Title and Date~\ and of the Intereft there-of, the faid Lords found and hereby find the Letters and Charge to be orderly proceeded, and decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the fame to be put to further Execution, ana further decern and ordain the faid	Sufpender

and his Cautioner in the faid Sufpenfion, conjunftly and fevcrally to make Payment to the faid	Charter	of the

aforefaid Sum of	Sterling	of	Principal;

Item, of the lawful Intereft thereof fince the	Day

of	when the fame fell due, till Payment, and

of the Sum of	Sterling	of	Expences	found

due by the faid Sufpender to the faid Charger for wrongous fufpend-iog ; and of the Sum of	further	as the

Expence of extracting this Decreet, befides the Sum of

as the Expence of extracting the faid Bond of Cautionary, and ordain Letters of Horning on a Charge of Fifteen Days, and all other Execution to pafs hereon, and on the ExtraCt of the Sufpender’s Bond of Cautionary againft the Sufpender and his Cautioner conjundiy and feverally in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Selfion.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Extraft in a Sufpenfion when the Letters are fufpended

ftmpliciter.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council and Selfion in the Sufpenfion infilled in at the Inftance of

againft	complaining	of	being

charged or threatened to be charged to make Payment to the faid

[the Nature of the Charge to be fhortly Jlated] the faid Lords fufpended the faid Letters and Charge Jimpli-eiter9 found the faid Charges f liable in the Sum of

of Expences, and decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the laid	Charger,	to	make

Payment to the faid	Sufpender,	of the

faid Sum of	of	Expences, and of the Sum of

as the Expence of extrafting the Decreet, and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and ail other Execution to pafs hereon in Form as Effeirs. Extraded by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Selfion.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Aftions of RANKING and SALE.

Form of Aft and Commiffion m Ranking and Sale.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

upon a Summons and AClion of Ranking and Sale infilled in and depending before the Lords of Council and Selfion, at the Inftance of	againft

and the following Perfons his Creditors, videlicet [here B b 3	enumerate

f Sic:

Digijjj

374

C. t12.

A.B.ifh o.

50* GEO. in.

enumerate the Karnes of the different Defenders cited in the A Sion either ediQally or other •wife'] concluding that the following heritable Subjefts belonging to the faid common Debtor, videlicet; all and tohole the Lands of, See. [here defcribethefveral Sukjefls contained in the Summons] ought and fhould be fold under Authority of the laid Lords, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors according to their feveral Rights of Preference thereon : After fume Procedure had taken place in the Adion before the Lord

as Ordinary thereto, the faid Lord* of Council and Seffion of the Date hereof, fuftained and hereby fuftairt the Libel, and allowed and hereby allow the Purfuerto prove prout de jute the Yearly Rent of the Lands and others before fpecified, what the fame have paid, do or may pay Yearly, allowed and hereby allow the Defenders a conjunct Probation thereanent; and for that End gave and granted and hereby give and grant full Power, Warrant and Commimon, &c. [agreeably to the Terms of the Interlocutor of the Court, which mnfi he rngmjfd]. Extraded by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Seffion.

SCHEDULE (G.)

Form of Extrad of Decreet of Sale.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day of

upon a Summoifs and Adion of Ranking and Sale raifed and infilled in before the Lord* of Council and Seffion at tlic In fiance of againft	and	the	following	Perfons

as his Creditors, See. [here enumerate thefeveral Defenders <whx> appear to be cited to the Adion, either edidally or othcru'ife] concluding that the feveral heritable Subje&s belonging to the faid

as fpecified in the Libel, and after deferibed, ought and fhould be fold under Authority of the Court, and adjudged, decerned and declared to belong to the Perfon or Perfon* who fhould offer moll for the fame at the Roup thereof: After a Proof had been adduced of the Rental and Value of the faid SubjeAs, and that a Roup of the fame had taken place, the Lords of Cubucil and Seffion, upon Report of the Lord

found and hereby find the Roup and Sale of the faid Subje&s carried on before his Lordfhip on the	Day	of

laft orderly proceeded, and that having offered for the faid Snbje&s the Sum of Sterling, was the laft and higheft Offerer for the fame at the faid Roup, and was accordingly preferred to the Purchafe thereof by the Lord Reporter agreeably to the Articles of Roup, and has accordingly found Caution in Terms of the faid Articles ; therefore the faid Lords fold, adjudged, decerned and declared, apd hereby fell, adjudge, decern and declare all and whole, &c. [here the Lands are to be fpeci-ally enumerateS] to pertain and belong to the faid

hit Heirs arid Affignees heritably and irredeemably, upon Payment or Confignation of the aforefaid Price, with tbe annual Rent thereof in the Terms mentioned in the Articles of Roup and relative Bond granted therefor [here the Remainder of the Inter• loeutor of the Court muff he taken in] and ordain Letters of Horning to pals and be dire ft hereon againft the Superior of the laid Subject

Digitized by v^ooQle

"C. in.

375

50® CIO. III.

je£U Car inCefting tile Purchsfer and kit forefaidi therein in Form an Effcira. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Seflion.

SCHEDULE (H.)

Form of Extra# of Decreet of Ranking.

o

AT Edinburgh, the	Day	of

in the Summons and A&ion of Ranking and Sale, railed and infilled in before the Lords of Council and Seilion, at the Inftance of	againft

and the following Perfonshis Creditors, videlicet [hre enumerate the Names of the different Creditors cited] concluding that the fallowing heritable Subjects belonging to the faid

videlicet, AH and whole, See. [here deferibe the Subje3s] ought and fhould be fold under Authority of the Court, in Terms of the feveral A&t of Parliament and Afts of* Sederunt libelled on, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors, according to their feveral Rights and Diligences affecting the fame, the following Grounds of Debt and Diligences thereon were produced on the Part of the refpe6kive Creditors after named, videlicet [here take in Jhortlo the Grounds of Debt% life, produced by the Creditors conform to the Inventories thereof given in by them ; then add] and after fome Procedure had been taken in the Adtion before the JLord	as	Ordinary	thereto, the faid Lords

of Council and Seflion, of the Date hereof, ranked and preferred, and hereby rank and prefer, &c. {here the Words of the Interlocutor of Ranking to be verbatim etigroffed] and ordain all Letters and Execution neceflary to pafs and be direft Hereon in Form as Efifeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Seflion.

SCHEDULE (I.)

Form of Extradl of Decreet of Divlfion.

AT Edinburgh, the	Day of

in the Procefs of Ranking and Sale, raifed and infilled in before the Lords of Council and Seflion, at the Inftance of

againft	and	the

following Perfons nia Creditors, videlicet [here recite the Names of the Creditors cited] concluding that the Lands and Eftates, &c. [here deferibe the SubjcSs Jhortly ] belonging to the faid

(hould be fold under Authority of the Court, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors, conform to their refpcctive Rights and Diligence attesting the fame, after the aforefaid Subjects had been fofd, and a Decreet Ranking, the Creditors pronounced and extra&ed: The faid Lords of Council and Seflion, of the Date hereof, approved and hereby approve of the Scheme of Divifion of the Rents and Prices of the laid Subjects made up and reported by	Accomptant	in	Edinburgh	5

and in Terms thereof decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain	the Purchafer of the

faid Subje&s, to make Payment of the Sum due by him, extending of Principal and Intcreft at the Term of

to the Sum of	Sterling,	in	manner

following, videlicet [here take in that Part of the Accomptant's Scheme

B b 4	which

37*

C. 11 a.

A.D.1810.

50® GEO. in.

which allocates the Price, and in cafe the Fa&or has any Balance in his Hands t the Allocation of that Balance mujl alfo he inferteef\ and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution neceflary to pafs and be dire# hereon in Form as Effeirs. Ex traced by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Scffioo.

: SCHEDULE.

DUES OF COURT.

Summonfes.

IN lieu of theprefent Fee or Dues of Court, on Tabling £. s. L of Summonfes, there (hall be paid one very Summons the Sum of	-	-	-	-	100

Sufpenfions and Advocations.

To pay the like Fee oi One Pound each -	-	-	100

Original or Summary Applications by Petition, See.

Original Petitions, and Petitions and Complaints, or any other Summary Application, by which a Canfe comes in the firft, Inftance before the Outer or Inner Houfe, lhall pay in lieu of the prefent Fee of Four Shillings and Ten pence One Pound each	•	-100

Defences.

All Defences including and comprehending the firft Paper or Step of Procefs, given in for the Charger in a Sufpenfion, or for the Defender, called in an Advocation, One Pound each -	-	-	-100

Anfwers to Summary Applications.

All Anfwers in Summary Applications, each One Pound	-	-	-	-100

Condefcendences and Anfwers in Outer or Inner Houfe.

Condefcendences, each Ten Shillings	-	- o 10 o

Anfwers to Ditto, or Counter-Condefcendences, each

Ten Shillings	-	-	-	- o 10 0

Amendments of Libel, or additional Defences or Supplementary Condefcendences or Anfwers,

Each, One Pound -	-	-	-100

Reprefentations and Anfwers.

Reprefentations to pay Ten Shillings each -	- o 10 0

Anfwers to pay Five Shillings each	•	-050

Minutes.

Each Minute ordered by the Lord Ordinary or Court to be given in in the Inner or Outer Houfe to pay Five Shillings	...

Every Anfwer Five Shillings	-	-

o 5 • 050

Memorials

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

C. 112.

377

50° GEO. III.

Memorials or Informations.

Memorials or Informations either in the Inner or Outer Houfe to pay Ten Shillings each -	-	*

£• /»

o 10 ©

Petitions, Reclaiming or Incidental, and Anfwers.

All Petitions and Anfwers (other than Original or Summary Applications as above) in lieu of the prefent Fee of Four Shillings and Ten pence, to pay Ten Shillings each	-	-	•	-0100

Prepared States.

Each Party in place of the prefent Fee on Hearings of

Nine Shillings and Eight pence, to pay One Pound -	,100

Replies and Duplies.

Replies and Duplies in the Inner or Outer Houfe to pay each One Pound	-	-	100

Notes.

All Notes to the Lord Prefident printed or written, Fire

Shillings each	-	-	-050

Depofitions of Witneffes or of Parties.

Depofitions of Witneffes or of Parties, whether in prefence of the Court or on Commifiion, in lieu of the prefent Fee, to the Clerks of Sefiion to pay each Two Shillings	-	-	-	-020

Interefts in Procefles of Multiple Poindings, Adjudicat-tions and Rankings and Sale; alfo Writings given in to fatisfy Productions in Reductions, each Ten Shillings	-	-	-	o	10	o

All Interefts where the Sum claimed is under Ten Pounds, to continue as at prefent to pay no Fee.

Abridged Extracts.

The Extracts of Decreets in foro, each One Pound One

Shilling	-	-	-	-	1	1	o

Extracts of Decreets in Abfence, ACts, Abbreviates of Adjudication, Diligences and Proteflations, Ten Shillings and Six pence each -	-	-0106

The Fees of the Lord Clerk Regiller on Summonfes, and on ACts and Decreets, as alfo thofe of the Keeper of the Minute Book; and of the Macers on ACts and Decreets, and the Fees of the Macers on the Depofitions of WitnefTes and of Parties; and thofe of the Houfekeepers on Abbreviates of Adjudications, and on Interefts in Adjudications, are to remain as at prefent ; and the Clerks Affiftant who prepares f the Extracts, is likewife to be allowed to charge the ordinary Rate of copying per Sheet allowed to Agents before the Court of Sefiion at the time.

Certified

t &C,

Digitized by Google

Certified Copy of Proceedings for Appeal* Fire Pounds £m /. d.

each	-	-	-	-	$ o o

Crofs Appealtflo pay the fame Sum each -	*	500

None of the above Dues to attach upon Precedes on the PoorrRoIl.

There is at prefect payable upon Extracts of Deeds recorded in the Books of Council and Sefiion, which are fubferibed by the Principal Clerks of Sefiion as Deputies empowered to that Effedi by the Lord Clerk Regifter, the Sums following, viz.

A Proteft	-	-	-	-	-	jC. o 3 5

Of which there is paid to the Lord Regifter £. o 1	1	±

To the Clerks	-	-	O	1	ii

To the Keepers	-	-004!.

And for writing, recording, Paper, &c. c o 92.

A Deed (Firft Sheet)

Of which the Lord Regifter draws The Clerks drew The Keepers

Writing, recording, Paper, Icc.

Second Sheet pays Of which the Clerks draw The Keepers

Writing, recording and Paper

Third and each other Sheet pays Of which the Keepers draw Writing, recording and Paper

---------	024

The above Regiftration Fees, in fo far as they go to the Lord Clerk Regifter and Keepers of Regift ere, &c. (hall continue on their prefent footing: but in fo far as they go to the Principal Clerks of Sefiion, and form a Part of the General Fund which they divide among themfelves, (hall be drawn by the Collector, and paid into the Fee Fund, out of which the Allowances or Salaries to the Principal Hod Depute Clerks of Sefiion, 5cc. are to be paid in future.

-		
-£. 0	1	Ii
- 0	1	Ii
• 0	0	
0	1	oi
- £. 0	0	IO
0	0	8
+ 0	0	10
£.0	1	6
0	0	10

o

o

8

4

SCHEDULE.

Rate of Fees payable to the* Auditor of Court.

When the Amount of the Account to be taxed is £. /. d.

under Ten Pounds, the Auditor’s Fee to be -	076

Where the Account amounts to Ten Pounds but is under

Twenty Pounds	-	-	-	-	o 10 6

Where the Account amounts to Twenty Pounds but is

under Fifty Pounds -	-	-	.	o if o

Where the Account amounts to Fifty Pounds but it

under One hundred Pounds -	•	-	1	1	0

Where the Account amounts to One hundred Pounds

but is under One hundred and fifty Pounds	-	1 11 6

When

379

50° GEO. Iff.	C

Where the Acconnt amounts to One hundred and fifty £, founds but » under Two hundred Pounds •	.	2

Where the Account amounts to Two hundred Pounds but is under Three hundred Pounds	-	*3

Where the Account amounts to Three hundred Pounds but is under Five hundred Pounds	-	4

Where the Account amounts to Five hundred Pounds and upwards	-	.	-5

SCHEDULE.

Fees of Ordinary Signet Letters and of Services before the Macers.

Fees of Ordinary Signet Letters.

Letters of Horning and Poinding, Caption, Arreftment,

Supplement and Law Burrows:	£.‘

Firft Sheet, eftimated as the legal Sheet, is by this * Aa	-	-	-	o

Every other Sheet fo eftimated	-	-	o

Inhibitions, Hornings againft Superiors, Letters of General and Special Chaige, and Summonfes of Adjudication ;

Firft Sheet	*	-	-	O

Second Sheet	-	-	-	-	o

All. other Summonfes palling the Signet f

Firft Sheet	•	-	-	^	a

Second Sheet	-	-	•	o

Bills of Sufpenfion and of Advocation, when drawn by a Writer to the Signet:

Firft Sheet	-	-	-	-	o

Every other Slieet	-	-	*	-	o

Letters of Sufpenfions and Advocations, when expede by the Writer to the Signet who drew the Bill:

For the formal Part, per Sheet	~	-	o

For every other Sheet,for writing and expeding the Letters	-	-	-	O

When the Bill is drawn by another Perfon :

For the formal Part per Slieet	-	♦	o

For every other Sheet -	-	-	O

Fees of Service before the Macers to the Writer to the Signet, as Clerk to the Service, without Prejudice to other proper Charges relative to making up the Title.

For the Bill for Commiflion, A £9 and Minutes of Court, Commiflions to proclaim Brieves, &c.

Firft Sheet	-	- '	-	o

Every other Sheet	-	-	o

For Claim,

Firft Sheet	-	-	-	-	O

Every other Sheet	-	-	o

For the Retour,

Firft Sheet	*	•	•*	1

Every other Sheet	*	*	*	o

\ i i a.

s. tf.

2	O

3	°

4	o

5	°

/. d

5 0 2 p

10 0 6 o

6 o 4 °

6 6 4 o

4	©

1	©

5	©

2	9

6 o 4 9

10 o 6 o

o o 12 o A*

As Clerk to the Service,

When the Lands are below £. 400 valued Rent Amounting to £. 400. and below £. 700.

——----------- £.	700. and below £, 1,000.

------------- £.	1,000. and below £. 1,500

- ■ ■	 £.	1,500. and upwards

£. x- d

440

5	5	0

7	7	0

880 10 10 o

SCHEDULE.

Specific Compenfations:

To each of the Principal Clerks of Seflion now in Office, in addition to the Salary of One thoufand Pounds in the foregoing Art provided, during the rcfpertive Lives of the faid Clerks, upon their feverally becoming entitled to fuch Salary	-	-	£,	100	per	Ann.

To Thomas Mafon, Extrartor, befides the Salary of Two hundred Pounds in the foregoing Art provided during his Life	-	£.	33	per	Ann.

To Louis de Maria, Extrartor, befides the like

Salary, during his Life	-	-	30	per	Ann.

To William Carmichael, Extrartor, befides the like

Salary, during his Life	-	-	£.	50	per	Ann.

To John Elder, Extrartor, befides the like Salary,

during his Life	-	£.	328	per	Ann.

To Adam Wilfon, Extrartor, befides the like Salary,

during his Life	-	-	175	per Ann.

To Jofeph Johnfon, Extrartor, befides the like

Salary, during his Life	-	-	-	£.	5	per	Ann.

To the following Extrartors, during their refpec-tive Lives:

Thomas Millar	-	£.

Robert Pitcairn	-

James Sibbald	-

David George	-

James Shiells -	-	-

Alexander Pitcairn	-	-	-

John Alexander	-	-

Thomas Scott	-	-

John Chalmers	...

William Smith -	-	-

Walter Lockhart	-

To the Collertor of Clerks Dues now in Office, and his Deputes during their refpertive Lives, according to the Proportions in which they now re-fpertively receive the fame	-

310 per Ann. 170 per Ann. 50 per Add. 26 per Ann. 44 per Ann. 20 per Ann. 100 per Ann. 130 per Ann. 120 per Ann. 110 per Ann. 20 per Ann.

foo per Ann.

CAP. CXIII.

An Art for enabling His Majefty to raife the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[20th June 1810.]

«« Treafury empowered to raife 3,000,000/. by Exchequer Bills, in « manner direrted by 48 G. 3. c, 1. — § 1, 2. Principal of {aid Bills « chargeable on Firft Supplier of next Seffion. § 3. Intereft 2	M	thereon

Digitized by Google

44 thereon at $ldi per Cent. per Diem. § 4. Said Bills to be cur-44 rent at the Exchequer after April 5, 1811. — § 5. Bank of jEng-44 land empowered to advance 3,000,000/. on Credit of this Ad,

44 not with landing 5 & 6 W. 1$ M. c. 20.—§ 6.

CAP. CXIV.

An A& for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England tTading to the Eaji Indies.	[20th	June	1810.]

4 XT J* HERE AS the United Company of Merchants of England 4 W trading to the EaJl Indies, at prefent labour and have for 4 fome time pad laboured under Difficulties, in the providing for cer-4 tain Demands, by Creditors in the Eafl Indies drawing upon the 4 faid Company in England: And whereas it is expedient that a Sum 4 of Money fhould be advanced for the Relief of the faid Company s 4 And whereas it has been refolvcd, that a Sum not exceeding One 4 million five hundred thoufand Pounds be granted to His Majefty,

4 to be applied for the Purpofeof relieving the EaJl India Company;*

We Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament afiembled, do moft-humbly befeech Your Maiefty that it may be en-a&ed ; and be it enaded by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners Treafurymay of His Majefty’s Treafury, at any time or times before the Fifth iflue 1,500,oool. Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, to caufe or Exchequer Bilk, dired any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Pounds, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or the like Rules and Directions as are preferibed in an Ad pafifed in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for regulating the tffuing and paying off of 48 G. 3.c. 1. Exchequer Bills.

II.	And be it furtherenaded, That all and every the Claufes, Pro- powmoj r<?citerl vifoe*. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Aa extended to Difabilities contained in the faid Ad, ffiall be applied and ex- thUAa. tended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfnance of this

Ad, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid feveral Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Principal Sum or Sums Exchequer Bills of Money to be contained in fuch Exchequer Bills (hall be and are charged on hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be paid and difeharged Supplies.

by and out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Seflion of Parliament.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the Exchequer Bills to be To hear Tntereft made out in pr.rfuance of this Ad (hall bear Date on the Days on p« r Uuk which the fame (hall be refpedively iflued; and (hall aud may bear P«* &****.

an

Digitized by

y£o°g

AD.iSio.

Treafury to advance the Money raifcd on fuch Bills to Company.

Exchequer BilTs may be taken in Payment of Revenue.

JBank may advance the Money,

I&6W.&M.

t. 90.

an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpennj per Centum per Diem, upon or in refpedl of the whole of the Monies refpe&ively contained therein, payable out of the Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His. Majefty’s Exchequer.

V.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for the Com-miilioners of His Majefty’3 Treafury, or any-Three or more of them, an<J they are hereby required, at any time before the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, to advance and pay to the faid United Company, out of the Money raifed or which maybe railed upon fuch Exchequer Bills, fuch Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Produce of the Exchequer Bills allowed to be ilTued under this Adi, and at fuch times as ft all be required by die laid Company, for their Relief; and the faid Company (hall, on or before the Fir ft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, pay into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejl-minjler, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as mall be equal in Amount to the Money fo to be advanced to the laid Company, together with the Intereft and Charges incident to and attending the Exchequer Bills to be iffued by virtue of this Adi, or any other Exchequer Bills which may be iflued under the Authority of Parliament in lieu thereof, and that the faid Company (hall give Security by Bond or Bonds to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the due Repay meat of all fuch Advances, together with the Charges incident to the fame as aforefaid, within the Period, and in the manner herein provided.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Adi, or fo many of them as (hall from time to time remain undifeharged and uncancelled, (hall and may, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, be received and taken, and (hall pals and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colledlors in Great Britain of the Cuftoms, Excife, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax what-foever already granted, due or payable, or which (ball or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Sue-ceffors, and alfo at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the faid Receivers or Colledlors, or from any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatfoever, making any Payments there to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for or upon any Account, Caufe or Occafion whatfoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Adi; and that fuch of the fame Bills as (hall be received at the Exchequer (hall and may be locked up and beared as Ca(h, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer fettled and efta-bliftied by Law for locking up and fecuriug Monies received in Specie there.

VII.	And be it declared and further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-land, to advance or loud to His Majefty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out io purfuance of thi9 Adi, any Sum or Sum9 of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Pounds; any thing in an Adi made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Kmg William and Queen Mary, intituled, An A3 for granting to Their Maje/lies federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfcls, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, and for fecuring certain Recomhences and Advantages in the faid A3 mentioned, to fuch Per font as Jhall voluntarily advance

the

Digitized by Google

3»2

Jto.1810.	go’GEO. III. . 0.114,115.

the Sum of One Million Jive hundred thou fand Pounds towards carry • ingon the war dga'tnft Franco, or in any fubfequent Aft, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, A3 titered, &c. varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be pafled in this Sclfion of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Aft for granting to His Majcfty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten ; and for furtlier appropriating the Supplies granted in this SeflSon of Parliament.	[20th	June	1810.]

§ I.	£ 4,400,000	0 0
II.	0  00	16 i*
III.	*.233,051	16 6
IV.	8,oqo,cco	0 0
V.	19,500,000	0 0

Out of Surplus of Britifb Confolidated

Fund.

Surplus of Confolidated Fund on 5th Jan. 1810.	-	-

Ditto -	- 5th j1prilt 1810.

Part of the Sum of £ 19,000,000

granted by	- 49 G. 3. c. I at.

From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Cuftoms under 43 G. 3. c* • 70.*

------------ Excife	*	-	■	— ■ c. 81.

Duties on Property - -— - c. 122. -Additional Cuftoms	44 G.	3. c.	53.

-........Duties on Pro-

perty -	-	45 G. 3. c. 15.

------- Excite	on	Tobacco, &c.----	46 G. 3. c. 39.

----■— Cuftoms	-	——	42.

r------ Duties on Pro-

perty	-	—— - c. 65.

—----------- Excife	on

Brandy	47 G.3. Sejf. 1. c. 37.

Cuftoms	-	-	48 G. 3. c.	26.

Ditto	-	-	49 G. 3. c.	98.

VI.	1,448,100 o o Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for

1809, fubferibed to be funded purfuant to Refolutions of Houfe of Commons of 13th March and toth April 1810.

VII.	The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Penfion Aft, ngt exceeding

3.000.	000 00	-	-	-	50	G.	3.	c.	1.

10,500,000	o o Exchequer Bills	-	  r.	2.

1,500,000	o	o	Ditto	...	— ■ - c. 3.

6.000.	0co	o	o	Ditto	...--------------69.

12/000,000 O o Annuities (after remitting 4,000,000 A	;

to Ireland,)	-	--------r.45.

Lotteries,	(dedufting One third for

Ireland,)	-	  *.94.

3.000.	000 o o Exchequer Bills ’-	 r.113.

'	16	■	^	Surphis of Confolideted Fund (See § II.)

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

Appropriated to the Ufes Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain afterefcpreffed. See§IX,&c.	for	i^jo.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

8,coo,ooo

2*233,051

*9>50®>°cx>

1,448,100

4.400.000

Fund (See § I.)

The following Sums, viz.

' 4,000,000 o o (Annuities)'I comincinlo

1.400.000	O	O	Ditto	I	rlie Jrijh

Share of Lotteries	^	Exthcquer

216,000	o	o	(Treafury J	u,,flt;rth*

Bills)	J

Appropriation, viz.

o o Part of Sum remaining to be received 16th Feb. j 810, to complete 19,000,000/. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1809.

16	6	(granted	above, § III.)

o o out of War Taxes (granted above. See § V.) o O (granted above, § VI.) o o out of Surplus of Confolidated

Appropriated to the Ufrs after exprefled See § IX, &c.

I'jo G

G. 3.



A £b.

4 5-

68.

94- }

1 * t

c. 98. J -

11 s|

I-i I* it sT

19,829,434

2>999.750

3>99*>6-’5

3»29S>500

59l>5°o

i»5i)»075

1,841,107

?54>3'4

2,760,000

731,000

75>°oo

370,750

o o

15 11

o o

o o

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1810.

11 For Naval Services ; that is to fay, jC. j. d. o For 130,000 Men,	f 1 15	6*)

o	For Victuals,	[	c A	.• 2	7	3 I

o	For Wear	and Tear of !	S J	J

Ships,	j	| t	19	o j

For Ordnance for Sea j s a, |	J

Service,	j	Lo	7	oj

For Ordinary of Navy including Half Pay,	-	-

For Building and Repairs of Ships of Wai and extras.

For Provifions for Troops and Gar-rifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Tranfports.

For Hire of Tranfports.

For Prifoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick.	-

For Sick ahd Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

460,687 10 o For additional 15,eoo Men, for 13 Months, at 2/. 7s. 3d. per Mail per Month.

346,125 o o ForWagesof faid Men, at 1/. 1 $s.6d. per Man per Month 3»ooo,00c o o For Great Britain, “ to enable His Majefty to take “ fuch Meafures as may be ncceflary to difappoint “ or defeat any E11terpri7.es or Defigns of His “ Enemies, and as the Exigencies of Affair* may “ require.’1

200,000 o o Britijh Currency, “ to enable His Majefty to take “ fuch Meafures as the Exigencies of Affairs may “ require for Ireland.” o o For Engagements with His Sicilian Majefty. o o For the Government of Portugal “ in fupport of “ the Military Exertions of that Kingdom, and for u the Maintenance of 30,000 Portugiftfi Troops.”

400.000

980.000

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

. So0 GEO. III.

C. 115.	sss

XIV.	20,337,080.4	o

7*483*9°*	6	9

28,973 7 6

2,897,861	8	3

457*7*4 H 4

3C»375 «5 o

279,549	6	n

223,606	8	6

10,302 13 11

405,487	5	8

56,078 16 6

869,569 ro 10 643,650 o o -	968,425	6	4

17,840 13 o

For Land Forces and other Services; that it to (ay*

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in \ht Eqfl Indies, Foreign Corps and embodied Militia.

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Sixteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps ferving in India.

For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall.

For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hofpitals and Garrifons.

For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces.

For Principal Officers of feveral Publick Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies,Clerks and Contingencies, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaller General.

For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including- Br 'it 'ijh American Forces, and Scotch Brigade late in the	From

Service of the States General, )>25th Dec, 1809, to

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including Britijh American Forces.

For In and Out Peniioners of Chelfea and Kilmainham Hofpitals, and Expercei of the Hofpitals.

For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces andEx-pences attending the fame in the United Kingdom.

For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom.

For Local Militia Forces in Great Britain,

For Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom.

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances to C\ergymen officiating with Forces at Home, including Allowance to retired Chaplain General and other Contingencies.	-	-

24th Dec, 1810.

114,926.

50 Geo. III.

Digitized by Google

From > 25th Dec. 1809. to 24th Dec. 1810.

XXII.

For Medicines for Land Forces and Hofpital Contingencies.

For Allowances on the Com-paffionate Lift to Children of deceafed Officers aud Widows of Officers of Land Forces.

For Barrack Department in Ireland.

For the Commiffariat and extra Forage for Cavalry in /r*-land.

For probable Expenditure of'

Commiffary in Chiefs Department.

For Barrack Department in Great Britain.

For extraordinary Expences of' I

the Army not ---------*J J

for.

For extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain.

Ditto - in Ireland.

For Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain.

For Ditto not provided	for	in	1808.

Ditto	-	in	1809.

Ditto for Ireland	for	1810.

Ditto not provided for	in	1809.

For difeharging outftanding Exchequer Bills under

49 G.\. c. 2.

Ditto -	-	  c.	3.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1809.

Ditto	-	-	49	£.3.	C.Kl.

Ditto -	-	-	  r.114.

To make good like Sum iftued purfuant to Addnefies of the Houfe of Commons,not made good by Parliament.

Civil Eftablifliments, viz.

	114,928 14 16		
	15,700	0	•
	476,617	9	7
	209*89 13		1
	1,207,000	O	6
	548*81	O	O
-	44I>5,7	*3	0
	2,750,000	0	O
	200,000	0	O
XV.	3,078,742	19	2
	I3M91	18	3
	124,542	5	0
	447.710	3	3
XVI.	37,278 19		2
	10,500,000	0	0
XVII.	1,500,000  8,000,000	0	0
XVIII.		0	0
XIX.	6,000,000	0	0
XX.	2,689,900	0	0
XXI.	IS,16s	2	6

for the Year 1810.

From

provided j25th Dec. 1808, to 24th Dec. 1809.

For the Year 1810.

XXIIL

10,450	0	0	Upper Canada.	mm
2,060  10,165	0	0	Cape Breton.	
	0	0	Nova Scotia.	
5,600	0	0	New Brun/wick.	
3,700	0	0	Bahama Iflands.	
1,030	0	0	Bermuda or Somers Iflands.	
600	0	0	Dominica.	-
4>55*	0	0	Newfoundland.	
13,268	15	0	New South Wales.	
15,710	0	0	Sierra Leone.	
3,100	0	0	Saint John in America.	
23,000	0	0	Briti/b Forts and Settlements in  Africa.	
13,188	1	6	For paying Annuities under' 37 G*3» 0% 10. and 42 Ga.c. 8.	
5,588	1	9	Ditto	•

From 1 ft Jan. to 31ft Dec. 1810.

• On 10th OB. 1810.

6,000

Digitized by

Google

A D.1810.

387

5°'

geo. m.

C. 115.

6,000	0	0
20,000	0	0
12,000	0	0
*,36*	6	n*
26,800	0	0
1,328	5	4
3»5°°	0	0
7,841	12	11
56,45°	0	0
*61,452	2	0
5.500	0	0
3,162	7	4"
428	*5	0
53 3	*3	6
1,151	8	0
2,698	*3	0
1,623	0	0
219	H	0
182	5	3 >
00  00	17	0
289	19	8
278	6	6
3*4	18	6
1,160	12	0  1
"4	*4	6 I
*>474	18	°l

To Sheriffs for Convi&ion of-) Felons.

Law Charges for Great Britain, Publick Office Bow Street. -J



For the Year 1810.

tionary for both Houfes of Parliament.

For Printing and Stationary for' both Houfes of Parliament.

To pay Charitable and other Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin in the Fields.

Extraordinary Expences for Profecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

Superintendance of Aliens. - ^For the Year 1810.

Expence of Convifts at Home.

French Clergy, Toulonefe, Dutch and Corfican Emigrants,Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalifts.

Allowances to Officers of Houfes of Lords and Commons, and Difburfements to Serjeants at Arms.	-	-J

Printing by Order of Commiffioners of Publick Records.

For Index to Rolls of Parliament. *

For Index to Journals of the Peers, from 5th July ‘ 1808 to 5th July 1809.

For Salaries and Incidental Expences in forming faid Indexes.

Chairman of Committee of Houfe of Lord*, for the Year 1809.

Serjeant at Arms to Houfe of Lords for Services during 1809.

Deputy Seneant at Arms to Houfe of Commons for One Year's Rent of Houfe in lieu of A part-ments.

o

c

o

s

liament.

Publifhing average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar for Two Years to ill 03. 18^9.

Extra Expences in preparing Returns of Non-refident Clergy for Two Years to 25th March 1808.

To Dr. T. B.^Clarke for Trouble relative to Aft for enforcing Refidence to 5th July 1809.

Expences in making Road from Contin to Ullapool*

Officers for levying Tallies in Exchequer from 5th July 1808 to 5th April 18:9.

To difcharge Bill from Van Diemen*s Land.

Expences of Commiffioners of Military Eu^uiry. C c 2	6,266

Digitized



A.D.iSto.

C.iij.

6,266 12

717 18

57,948 14

. a;*898 4

9>463 r4

958 8 706 17

882 8

36* 9

j,6oo,oco o 2,000 o

50,000 o 3,500 o

713 *9

22,200 O

2,805 17 ro,ooo o

175.000 5,000

40.000

For the Year 18ia

50° geo. nr.

Horfe Patrol round the Metropolis for One Year. Expences of Furniture for India Board at Dor jet Houfe.

Royal Military College, 25th Dec. 1809 to 24th Dec. 1810.

Royal Military Afylum, Chelfea, from 25th Dec• 1809 to 24th Dec. 1810.

Proteftant Diflenting Mi--! nifters in England and (

Ireland, and French Re- f fugees.	-	-J

Thames Police Office.

Expences of Two Printing PrefTes, a Prefent to Regency of Portugal.

Work done at Houfe occupied by Board of Con* troul.

Preparing Journals of Houfe of Lords to be printed.

O Difcharging Intereft on Exchequer Bills, o To Capt. G. IV. Manby> Reward for Invention for effe&ing Communication with Ships (trended, o Inland Navigation by Invernefs to Fort William. o Printing 1,750 Copies of 62d Vol. of Journals of Houfe of Commons.

3^ Deficiency of the Grant of 1808 for printing the 60th Vol. of Ditto, o Printing Votes, Bills, Reports, &c., of the Houfe of Commons in 1810.	>

\ Deficiency of Grant for Printing Ditto, for 1809.

“	of	Houfe	of Cemmooi,

s*

o

"U

o

a>

a

o

s

nj

o

&>

o

B

o

H

270 7 8

6

o

Hi

7>i3* 0

12.500	o 20,125 2

16.500	o o 8,000 o o

21.000	o o

17.500	o o

14.000	o o

Reprinting Journals, &c« in 1810.

Deficiency for extraordinary Expences for Profecu* tions, See. relating to Coin in 1809.

Britifh Mu feu m for General Purpofes.

Royal College of Surgeons to ere6t Theatre, See.

(Iftued out of Civil Lift) to difeharge Bills from Sierra Leone.

Towards building Mint on Tower Hill.

Repairs and completing Mar-Jhalfea Prifon.

Lazaretto at Chetney Hill.

Extra Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State.

Extra Charge for Meflengers of Ditto.

Foreign and Secret Service.

Works at the Houfe of Lords.

To difeharge Bills from New South Wales.

Deficiency of Grant of the Year 1809 tor Salaries to Officers of Houfcs of Lords and Commons and Serjeant at Arms.

JfOBO

^ For the Year 1810.

Digitized by

Google

A*D'i8io.

50° GEO. III.

C. 115.

389

5,000	0
3.»9<S	8
1,500	0
10,000	0
00  00  'S-	10
25,000	0
5,500	0
1,000	0
*3*727	0
2,817	*9
«»56 4	1
* r>55°	0
7»7»6	0
	*5
8,844	9
21,000	0
8,000	0
3,000	0
44	11
38916	
426	12
316	16
249	8
336	IO
1,546	*7
37*	12
10',000	O
2,034	5
*93	*3

o Fees on paffing Publick Accounts for tKe Year 1810.

f -/r j * f 1 To the Counfel to Chairman of Com-o \ 1 “ 1 tV r	minces for Houfe'of Peers dur*

I Uvi1 ^Ilt- J	ing the Two laft Seffions.

o Towards Repair of Henry VIPs. Chapel, o Towards improving Harbour of Holyhead.

X Building and Maintenance of| For th y glo> Naval Afylum.	-J

o Rebuilding Puhlick Edifices in Trinidad, deftroyed by Fire in 1808.

Board of Agriculture.	•] P v	0

Veterinary College.	.j For the Year ,8 to.

Purchafe of C. F. Greville*s Colie&ton of Minerals. Printing 1,250 Copies of Volumes 38. and 39. of the Lords* Journals.

Printing 1,250 Copies of Calendar of Lords’ Journals, from Henry VIII. to 28th Jan. 1808.

For Ontftanding Demands for Works done at Houfea of Parliament, in 1810.

For Rebuilding Light-houfe, Sec. at Heligolan d in i8io.

Towards Expences of exploring")

Interior of Africa.	-	j	,

For Improvements near to Weft- >For the Year 1810. under |

minjler

Sec.

o

o

Hall,

46 G. 3. e. 89.	•	J

Compenfation to Commiffioners of Publick Expendi-turc in certain Military Departments, for two Years.

Compenfation to Commiffioners of Windfor Forejl.

The National Vaccine Eftablifh- 1 ~ v o

_	>	For	the	Year 1810.

ment. -	-	-	J

* To difeharge a Bill drawn by the Governor of

Fort George.

Expences of Prifon at Sbeemefs.

Examining and inveftigating Eajl India Ac*

counts for one Year, to 7th Sept. 181-9.

Thames Police Office.

*8

ii

Preparing 38th and 39th Volumes of the Lords* Journals for the Prefs.

Stationary fent to Cape of Good Hop:% in 1808. Horfe Patrole for one Quarter, to 5th April 1810.

To Meflrs. Gurney Expences on Committees of the Houfes of Parliament, in Seffion 1809.

o To the Governors of Queen Anne*s Bounty for the Poor CJerey.

o\	fTo	Special	Conftables	during	the late

j Difturbances.

j To Reprefentatives of the late Charles 1	Morris, Surveyor General of Lands for

I Nova Scotia, in confequence of under I Computation in his Accounts.

C 3	12,000

I Iflued out 1 ^ of Civil J Lift.

Digitized by-

fiooc

39o

C. 115.

r2,OOD o o

5,696 11	8

XXIV.	10,000 o o

XXV.	Irijh Currency.

200 o o 250 o o

200 o o *co o o 150 o o 200 o o XXVJr	25,000 o o

1,200 O O

2,500 o o

9,429 18 Q 1,047 10 2

3>79* 0 o'

3*500 o o

1,086 o o 740 o o

10,500 o o

25.000	o o

14,662 o o

12.000	o o 22,158 o o

3,082 o o

3 <;,ooo o o 216,000 o o 7,500 o o

XXVII. 10,000 o o

50° GEO. III.

A.D.1810.

To Commiflioners for Sale and Redemption of Land Tax for Services fince 1799.

Military Roads in North Bri• ] tain,	j

Roads and Bridges in High- £ For the Year 1810. lands in Scotland, under I 43 G. 3. r. 80.	J

-	-	[In Ireland.']

Examinator of Com Bounties for keeping Accounts.

Infpeftor General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts of Ireland.

Firtt Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts.

Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Affiftant Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Clerk in Auditor’s Office Exchequer, Ditto.

Criminal Profecutions and other Law Expences in Ireland\ from 5th Jan. 1810, to 5th Jan. 1811.

Printing &c. 250 Copies of Pnblick General Ads 50 G. 3.

Apprehending Publick Of-“)

Non-conforming Minifters. ► ^rom Jan• 1 ®1 °> *°

Expence of Pratique in f *th ,8lK the Port of Dublin.

of	Uljler. -	-I t0 2Morel, .8u.

Incidents of the Treafury. I For	^

. . tt ij 0	For	three Years from

Cloth,ng Heralds, &c.	-	J	]?th	Mmh	,a

Clothing Battle Axe Guards from ift June 1810, to Dec. 1811.

Proclamation and Adver-T

tifements in Dublin Ga- / From 5th Jan. 1810, to zette, See.	-f	5th Jan. 1811.

Civil Buildings	-j

(Britifb) Completing Ardglaft Pier.

(Irijh) Draining Bogs.

Printing, &c. for Secreta-1

ries Office, and other f From 5th Jan. 1810, to Publick Offices in Dub- [ 5th Jan. 1811.

I'm Cattle. -	-	J

Salaries of Lottery Offices, for one Year ending 24th Jan. 1810.

Harbour of Howih, Works at

( Britijh) Purchafe of Duties of Butlerage and Prizage.

(Brttjh) Allowance to Commiflioners for Enquiries into Fees and Abules.

(Irijh) Board of Firft Fruits'

for building and building Churches, See. Dublin Society for promoting Hufbandry, &c.	-

From 5th Jan. 1810, to 5th Jan. 1811.

5,000

Digitized by

iAJXiSio*

50° GEO. liL

C.115,116*

W

o

o

5th /<m. 1811.

5,000	O o Farming Society of Ireland. [

21,600 o o Truftees of the Linen Manufacture*. -	-	!	From 5th Jan. x8lo, to

9,805 o o Commiflibners for making] 5th Jan. l8jl. wide and convenient j Streets in Dublin.	-	j

o o Truftees and Commiflioners of Firft Fruit*, toward* building, 8cc. Churches, Glebe Houfes, £0. .XXVIII. I4>5^5 0 0 Hibernian School for Sol-')

diers* Children, o o Houfe of Induftry, Afylum and Penitentiaries in Dublin.

o o Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin. o o Female Orphan Houfe,near . Dublin.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

Foundling Hofpital, in *

Dublin•	-	-I

o o Cork Inftitution.

o o Affociation for difcounte- J ^___________________-

nancing Vice.	-	>From J* J*10- to

o o Commiflioners of Charitable Donations.

O O Wejlmoreland Lock Hofpital in Dublin•

O O Sir Patrick Dunn’* Hofpital.

o o Lying-in Hofpital.

O o Fever Hofpital in Cork Street, Dublin.

O © DoCtor Stevens's Hofpital. o O Incorporated Society for Promoting Englifb Pro-teftant Schools. -j

XXIX.	Supplies (hall be applied only to the Purpofes"

authorized, See.

XXX.	Rules for Application of Half Pay.	-	> As in former ACtf.

XXXI.	Application of Overplus of Sum, under [

1	49 £• 3* c* 128- § 13* to reduced Officers. J

CAP. CXVI.

An A & to extend and amend the Term and Provifions of an ACt of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Prefervation of Timber in the New Forejl in the County of Southampton, and for afeertaining the Boundaries of the faid Foreft, and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame.	[20th	June	i8iq.}

‘ TT 7 HE REAS by an ACtpafled in the Thirty ninth and For- 39 & soG.s.

€ VV tieth Years of His prefent Maiefty, intituled, An A3 for c. *6.|20.

* the better Prefervation of Timber in the New Foreft, in the County ‘ of Southampton \ and for afeertaining the Boundaries of the faid

C c 4	Forefi$

50,000

i+>585

47,928

3.256

2.577

8.973

37.575

2,000

1,918

8oo

7>946

5*5**

2,5*9

1,000

500

29,428

Digitized b$



39*

C. 116.

50° GEO. III.

•A.D.1810.

28tll 1811.

no & 40 G. 3.

C. 86. § 12.

f Sir,

4 Foreft and of the Lands of the Cro,:vn'ivitbin the fame ; a Power is 4 given to the Commiflioners of the Treafury for Ten Years after the 4 palling of that Ad, to contraft for the Exchange of any of the 4 Waite Lands lying in the Nr no Forejl, belonging to the Crown,

4 not exceeding the Value of Five hundred Pounds, for any other 4 Land lying in the fame Foreit, belonging to Individuals of the 4 Nature, Situation and Defcriptioti in* the faid Ad particularly 4 fpecified : And whereas the Time limited for making fuch Ex-4 changes will expire ©n the Twenty eighth Day of July One thou-4 fand eight hundred and ten, and it is expedient to enlarge the fame :* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afl’embled, and by the Au-Extended to July thority of the fame, That the time for malting fuch Exchanges under the faid recited Ad (hall be extended to the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleveff, and all Powers, Pro-vifions and Direftions contained in the faid recited Ad, relative to fuch Exchanges, ftiall be and continue in force for fuch exteuded Period.	«	■	*	**	0 t . •

4 II. And whereas by the faid Ad it was, amongft other things, 4 enaded, that the Commiflioners named in the faid Ad (hould afeer. 4 tain the Boundaries of the faid Foreft, and the Lands within the 4 fame, which belong to His Majefty, f they Ihould caufe a Map or 4 Plan to be made of the faid Foreft ; io <fchich Map or Plan the 4 Boundaries of the faid Foreft, and the Lands belonging to His 4 Majefty within the fame, as afeertained b^ the faid Commiflioners, 4 Ihould be accurately and diftindly marked, fet out and diftinT 4 guifhed ; and the Lands within the fafd Fbreft belonging to other 4 Perfons Ihould alfo be marked and diftinguifhed in the faid Map or 4 Plan, fo far as the faid Commiflionersrfhould be able to afeertain 4 the fame ; and that fuch Map or Plan fhould be oertified, and de-4 pofited as therein mentioned ; and that after fuch Map or Plan 4 fhould have been fo made and completed, certified and depofited 4 amongft the Recotds Nof the Court of Attachments of the faid 4 Foreft, all unlawful Inclofures, Purpreftures, Encroachments' and 4 Trefpaffes whatfoever within the faid Foreft, fhould and might be 4 enquired of by the Verdurcrs of the faid Foreft in the Court of At-4 tachments of the faid Foreft, and the Perfon or Perfons guilty of 4 any fuch Inclofure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trefpafo, Ihould 4 and might be profecuted for the fame in the faid Court ; and upon 4 Proof being made thereof by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, 4 the Verdurera of the faid Foreft, or any Two of them prefent at • the faid Court, fhould have Power, and they were thereby autho-4 rized to fine any Perfon or Perfons fo offending, for C7ery fuch 4 Offence, in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered 4 and applied in the manner therein provided ; and to order and 4 direft every fuch Inclofure, Purprefture, Incroachment and Tref-4 pafs, to be abated by the Regardcrs, Underkeepers, or other 4 Officers of the faid Foreft, who fhould abate the fame accordingly:

4 And whereas Two of the Commiflioners authorized by the faid A&,

4 and a Commiflioner named in a fubfequent Aft of the Forty 6rft 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, proceeded to afeertain and fettle the 4 Boundaries of the faid Foreft, and the Lands within the fame,

4 belonging to His Majefty, and have returned their Proceedings

4 theitoa

41 G. n. (U. K.)

C. 106.

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.

500 GEO. III.

C. ii 6,117.

393

*	thereon purfuant to the faid A 61 5 but have not proceeded to caufe

*	fuch Map or Plan to be made purfuant to the faid Act, and have

*	reprefented that they were unable fo to do j And whereas great

*	Trefpafles have been made in the faid Foreft, and the Verdurers are

*	unable to proceed according to the faid A ft, for want of fuch Map

*	or Plan i* Be it therefore enabled, That notwithftanding fuch Map or Plan has not been made, certified and depofited as aforefaid, it (hall J>e lawful for the Verdurets of the faid Foreft to proceed as dire&ed and authorized by the faid Aft, in cafe fuch Map or Plan had beep made, certified and depofited as aforefaid : Provided neverthelefs, in cafe it (hall be infilled by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be proceeded againft in the Attachment Court as cjiredted by the faid A61, that the Place wherein the Inclofure, Purprcfture or Trefpafs (hall be or alledged to have been made, was not within the Boundaries of the faid Foreft or within the Lands belonging to His Majefty within the faid Foreft, the faid Verdurers (hall not proceed to Convj&ion, but (hall certify the Prefentment of fuch Offence to His Majefty's Attorney General, to the end that fuch Proceeding may be had therein, by Information of Intrufion, or otherwife, as by Law might have been done before the paffing of tfye faid recited Act er qf this A6t,

Vf rdurers to proceed in afeertain-ing Boundaries without Map dire&ed to be prepared uudqr recited

CAP. CXVII.

An Aft to direft that Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Publick Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, fhall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of fuch Salaries, Penfions and Allowance*.	[21 ft June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Account of the Increafe and Diminution of all Publick Salaries, and of all Penfions and Allowances in the Nature of Superannuation or Rewards for Publick Services, (hould be annually laid before Parliament ; and that Provifion (hould be made for regulating and controuling the * granting and paying of fuch Salaries, Penfions and Allowances Be it therefore enaded by the King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That between the Firil Day of February and Aununtof It>-Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, if Parliament (hall be creafe and Dimi-fitting during any Part of fuch Period, or if Parliament (hall not be fitting during any Part of fuch Period, then within Forty Days after Mur^l’ap-the Commencement of the Seflion of Parliament in fuch Year, there u»ment.

(hall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, an Account of every Increafe and Diminution which (hall have taken place within the pre-, ceding Year, ending on the Firft Day of January, in the Number of Perfons employed in all Publick Offices or Departments, or in the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowances and Expences which may have taken place, or been paid, granted, received or incurred for and in refped of all Officers and Perfons belonging to or employed in or by or in the Service of all Publick Offices or Departments, fpecifying the Amount and Nature thereof, and dillinguifhing in fuch Account every Increafe and Diminution in the Amount of all Allowances «r Compensations granted or allowed as retired Allowances or Superan.

5	nuations

Digitized by v^ooQle

394

AD.iSio.

C. 117.

50® GEO. ill.

In wlr.t Cafe only t oinpenfa-tion for Publick Serv ices or Su-^evHiimiations to tie granted.

nuations to a&y Petfbfi or Perfons haviog held any Office, Place or Employment in any fuch Publick Office or Department, or having been employed in any manner in any Publick Services under a«y fuck Office or Department, and fpecifying in every fuch Account the Time and Length of Service of every fuch Perfon, and the Amount of the Salary or Allowances received by fuch Perfon immediately preceding fuch Superannuation, and the Nature of his Services, and alfo fpecifying in every fuch Account the Grounds upon which every fuch Increafe or Diminution in the Eftablifhmeut of any fuch Publick Office or Department, or of any fuch Salary, Emolument, Allowance or Compensation, or Superannuation as aforefaid, (hall have been made, granted or allowed.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That no Compensation for any Office aboli/hed, or Special Allowance or Remuneration to any Perfon holding any Civil Employment in any Publick Office for any good Services, /hall be charged upon the Incidents or any other Fund of any Publick Office or Department, and no Allowance or Compenfa* tion, in the Nature of any Superannuation or retired Allowance or Reward, to any fuch Perfon as aforefaid, in refpe& of his having held any Publick Office or Employment, or been engaged in any publick Service, (except fuch as may be granted by any Order of His Ma-jefty in Council) /hall be granted, paid or allowed, without the Concurrence of Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Majetty’s Treafury, to be fignified by Warrant under their Hands, or by a Letter from One of the Secretaries to the faid Commiffioners, to the Officer or Officers at the Head of fuch Department, or by the Signature of fuch Three of the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury to the Inftrument by which fuch Compenfation, Allowance or Superannuation /hall be granted.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A6t contained /hall extend or he conftrued to extend to any Half Pay or Allowance in lieu of Half Pay, or to any fuch Military or Naval Allowances or Penfions, as are granted under the Regulations of any Order of His Majefty in Council now in force in any of the refpeftive Offices of the Secretary at War, the Ma/ler General of the Ordnance, or the Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty; except as hereinafter is provided with refpeft to the fame.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That all Half Pay and Allowances in lieu of Half Pay in the Army, Ordnance, Navy

laid before F'wli- or Marines refpe&ively, and all Military and Naval Allowances and ament in feparate Penfions granted, or which /hall hereafter be granted in the refpedivc annuli Eftlmates. Offices of the Secretary at War, the Matter General of the Ordnance, or Commiffioners of the Admiralty refpe&ively, under the Authority of any Order in Council, /hall be laid before the Commons Houfe of Parliament, in feparate Ettimates, with the ordinary Eftimatcs of the Army, Ordnance and Navy refpe&ively, and /hall be kept dif-tin& from all Penfions, Allowances, Emoluments or CompeniatioDS in the Nature of Superannuations or retired Allowances, in any of the Civil Offices or Departments belonging to or conne&ed with, or under the Superintendance and Controul of the Secretary at War, or the Matter General of the Ordnance, or Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty.	^

V.	Provided alfo, and he it further ena&ed. That all Allowances, Coxnpenfations and Emoluments) in the Nature .of any Superaniun*

* tion,

Not to extend to Half Pay, &c.

Half Pay and MiUiarv and Naval Penfions

Civil Allowance* ku Army, Ordnance and Nary

X

Digitized by

Google

AJXi8io.

50° GEO. III.

C. 117.

395

tion, or retired Allowances) to any Perfons in refpeft of having held any Publick Offices or Employments, or having been engaged in the Service of the Secretary at War, Mailer General ef the Ordance, or Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty refpeftively, in any of the Civil Departments of fuch refpeftive Offices, (hall annually be laid before the Commons Houfe of Parliament, in feparate Eilimates, with the ordinary Eflimates of the Army, Ordnance and Navy re-fpc&iv*ly, diftind from the refpe&ive Eftimateb of fuch Departments, and voted by Parliament.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this A (El, it (hall not be lawful to charge the Fund ariling from the Sale of old Naval Stores, with any Peution, Payment or Allowance, to any Perfon or Perfons whatever 5 and an Account of the total annual Produce arifing from the Sale of old Stores (hall be annually laid before Parliament, and Credit (hall be given for the total Produce of fuch Sales of old Naval Stores, in the Eilimates of the Navy laid before Parliament in each Year.

. VII. Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That all fuch Penfions, Payments, and Allowances, which are now charged upon the Fund arifing from the faid Sale of old Naval Stores, (hall remain charged and (hall be paid out of the faid Fund, until the fame (hall be included in the Eilimates of the Navy ; and all fuch Penfions, Payments and Allowances, (hall be included in the Eilimates of the Navy for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and (hall be in like manner provided for in future Years, and fhall be no longer deemed to be charged upon or payable out oi the faid Fund.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in every Office and Publick Department in which the Ellablilhment of the Office is paid by any Fund created by the Fees received in fuch Office, all Allowances and Compenfations paid or granted, or which (hall be hereafter granted in the Nature of Superannuations or Allowances or Rewards, to any Perfons in refpe6l of any Publick Services, (hall be charged in the firft I nit an ce, upon, and paid out of fuch Fund as aforefaia; arid where fuch Fund (hall be found deficient in any Office for the Payment of fuch Ellablilhment and other Payments as aforefaid, an Ellimate of fuch Deficiency (hall be fubmitted annually to the Commons Houle of Parliament, and fuch Deficiency (hall be fupplied by a Vote of Parliament •

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where any fuch Deficiency of trie Fee Fund (hail be found in the Offices of the Principal Secretary of State, of the Privy Council, and of the Treafury, the fame (hall be made good out of the Civil Liil; and that all Allowances and Compenfations in the Nature of Superannuations, or Allowances and Rewards, to any Perfon in refpe& of any Publick Services in any Departments, the Ellablilhment of which is wholly charged upon the Civil Lift, (hall alfo be charged upon that Fund.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in every Publick Office and Department in which there fhall be no fuch Fee Fund as aforefaid, for the Payment of the Ellablilhment of fuch Office or Department, not being an Office in Receipt of Revenue, or an Office the Ellablilhment of which is wholly charged upon the Civil Lift, the Whole of fuch Allowances and Compenfations in the Nature of Superannuations or Allowances or Rewards, to any Perfon

laid before Parliament in feparate annual Elli-maies.

Fund from Sale ofoldStor charged with Penfions.

Pnnifo for IVn-fions, &.c. now cliaiged ou faid Fund,

Deficiencies of Payments of £f-tablUhinem. &c. out ol Fee Fund of any Offitr, annually laid before Parliament.

Deficiency 1 >f Fee Fund in certain Offices made good out of Civil Lift, &c«

When no Fee Fund, the Whole annually laid before and provided for by Pail&uent,

Digitized by

3J*

C-117*

So0 GEO. III.

A.D.i8ia«

upemnnuatieiu or Allowancra U* b'S paid without l>cdu5iionaj, en-i «pt Property Tw.

#*G, 3. c. 6*.

Cqpditio«i(m v* fcjich Allowances

^ -Silted.

a*G. 3. c. 82. > ■

£on in refpe& of any Publick Services, (hall annually be laid before the Commons Houfe of Parliament by Eftimate, and be voted and charged upon fuch -Funds as Parliament fhall direct.

XI. And be it further enaded, That all Allowances or Com-penfations hereafter to be granted or allowed as Allowances or Pcn-iions or Superannuations, fhall be paid to the Perfons entitled to receive the fame, without any Abatement or Dedu&ion on account of any Rates or Duties impofed by any Ad of Parliament, except the Duty granted by an Ad palled in the Forty fixth Year of Hi* prefent Majeily, intituled, An Aft for granting to His Majejly during the prefent IVar, and until the Sixth Day of A pril next after the Rati-fication of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Duties in Qreat Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifing from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices, and for repealing an Aft pajfed in the Forty fifth Tear of His pref nt Majejly, for repealing certain Parts of an A$ made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Mayfly* for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profefjtons, Trades and Offices, and fo confolidate and render more effeftual the Pro* visions for collefttng the faid Duties.

Xtl. And be it further enaded, That the Condition and Proportion of fuch Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations, be as follows:

Where any Officer fhall be under Sixty Years of Age, it fhall not be lawful to grant any fuch Allowance, Compenfation, Remuneration or Superannuation, unlefs upon Certificate from the Heads of tfie Department to which fuch Officer belongs, that fuch Officer 19 incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body, to difeharge the Duties of his Office; in which cafe, if he (hall have ferved with Diligence and Fidelity in the publick Service for Teti Years, it (hall ana may be lawful to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding One third of the Salary and Emoluments of hit Office:

If above Ten Years and lefs than Twenty, any fuch Sum not 'exceeding One Half of fuch Salary and Emoluments:

If above Twenty Years, any fuch Slim not exceeding Two Thirds 0f fuch Salary and Emoluments:

If fuch Officer fhall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he fhall have ferved Fifteen Years or upwards, it fhall and may be lawful although there fhall be no fuch Certificate of Incapacity, from Infirmity of.Body or Mind, to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of the Salary apd Emoluments of his Office :

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he fhall have ferved Forty Years or upwards, any fuch Sum not exceeding Three Fourths . of fuch Salary and Emoluments 5

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he fhall have ferved Fifty Years or upwards, any fuch Sum not exceeding the Whole of fuch^Salary and Emoluments.

4 XIII. And whereas an Ad was patted in the Twenty fecond 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for 4 enabling His Majejly to difeharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil 4 Lijl Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for 4 the future by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the faid Revenues, 4 and by fapprejffing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which ;	4	art

Digitized by

Google

AJD.i8to.

397

GEO. m.	C.	i*7,u$*

1 are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lift: And whereas it 4 is expedient that the faid Aft fhould be amended, fo far as refpe&s 4 Penuoos to Perfons who (hall have ferved the Crown in Foreign 4 Courts, after the Expiration of their ServicesBe it therefore enacted, That no Penfion or Allowance (hall be granted to any Perfon for or on account of having ferved the Crown in Foreign Courts, within lefs than Ten Years from the Date of his firft Appointment in fuch Service, during which time he (hall have ferved not lefs than Three Years, and no fuch Allowance (hall exceed Two thoufand Pounds per sinnum, and every fuch Allowance (hall abate if fuch Perfon (hall be appointed to any Civil Office or Employment under the Crown of equal or greater Amount, and (hall alfo be fubjeft to a proportionate Abatement if the Value of any fuch Office or Employment fhould be lefs than the Amount of fuch Allowance as aforefaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That before any fuch Penfion or Allowance (hall be granted, the Perfon in whofe Favour the fame (hall be granted (hall not be lefs than Thirty five Years of Age, and His Majefty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs (hall tranfmit to the Treafury a Certificate under his Hand, that fuch Perfon has not within fuch Ten Years declined ferving as a Foreign Minifter, except for fufficient Caufe, in any Rank or Station equal or fuperior to that in which lie had lafl ferved, which Certificate (hall be recited in the Grant of fuch Penfion or Allowance.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft for regulating the Offices of Regiftrars of Admiralty , and Prize Courts.	[aifl	June 1810.]

4 XT 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Offices of Regiftrar of 4 W the High Court of Admiralty and Regiftrar of the High 4 Court of Appeals for Prizes, and High Court of Delegates in 4 Great Britain, (hould, after the E<piration of the Interefts at 4 prefent veiled in Pofleflion or Reverfion in the fame, be regulated | 4 and that a Proportion of the Amount of the Fees, Emoluments and 4 Profits, arifing from or in the faid Offices, after Payment of and 4 defraying the Expences incident to the Duties of the faid Offices, 4 (hall be carried to the Account of the Confolidated Fund May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; apd be it ena&ed by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament all'embled, and by the Authority of the feme. That after the Expiration of the Interefts at prefent veiled in Pofleflion or Reverfion in the faid Offices of Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, and High Court of Delegates, an Account (hall be kept in the faid Offices refpeftively of all the Fees, Dues, Perquifites, Emoluments and Profits received by or on account of or for fuch Regiftrars as aforefaid, and the fame (hall be carried to and conftitute a Fund for the Payment and Difcharge of all the Expences arifing and incurred in the Execution of the Duties of ihe faid Offices ; and out of the Surplus which (hall remain after Payment of fuch Expences, One Third (hall go and belong to the Regiftrar for himfelf and an Afliftant Regiftrar to be appointed by fuch Regiftrar, in cafe it (hall be ne-

ccflary

Penfions of P«f-fons who have ferved the Crown in Foreign Courts.

Age of Perfont receiving fu«l» Penfion.

Account left of Fees in certain Offices.

Application of Fees.

Digitized by

Qviartnly Ac-cout is laid before Court*.

Rcgillrar to re-ian Money tor current Bufinefs of Office.

Balance paid quarterly into Exchequer.

Office of Regif-trar not executed by Deputy.

,Iu Ige of Admiralty may dire<£l tiie Appointment of an Affiftai.t Regifirar.

H Salary.

His Majefty may alter Table of Fees.

cefiary that there (hould be an afliftant Regiftrar, and the remaining Two Thirds* of fuch Surplus (hall go to aiid make Part of the Con-folidated Fund of Great Britain ; and fuch Surplus of Two Thirds, or fuch Part of the fame as (hall not be retained for the Service of the Office according to the Directions hereinafter mentioned, (hall be paid into the Exchequer by Quarterly Payments as hereinafter men-tioned, and the Account of fuch Fees and Emoluments, and of all Expences paid thereout, (hall at all times be open to the Infpedion, Examination and Controul of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being.

II.	And be it further enaded, That there (hall be exhibited to the Court to which every fuch Regiftrar (hall belong, Fourteen Days at lead before each of the Quarter Days hereinafter mentioned, an Account of the Amount ot fuch Surplus of Two Thirds for the current Quarter, and the fame (hall be verified by the Oath of fuch Regiftrar; and fo much of fuch Amount as (hall be direded by the Court (hall be detained in the Hands of the Regiftrar for the current Bufinefs of the Office ; and the Balance (hall be paid into tbe Exchequer by fuch Regiftrar on or before the Fourth Day of January, the Fourth Day of April, the Fourth Day of July and the Ninth Day of Offober, in every Year next enfuing the exhibiting of any fuch Account to the Court as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further en&ded, That no Office of Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty, or of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or High Com* of Delegates in Great Britain, (hall, after the Expiration ot the Interell now veiled in Poflefiion or Reverfion therein, be granted for a longer Term than during Pleafure, nor be executed by Deputy; but the Perfon appointed Regiftrar, and receiving the Fees and Emoluments of tbe Office, (hall by himfelf, or with an Afliftant, in cafe an Afliftant (hall be neceflary, in Perfon execute the Duties thereof.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty at any time when the State of the Buiinefs of the faid Court, or in the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or High Court of Delegates in Great Britain, (hall appear to him to require the Appointment of an Afliftant Regiftrar, to dired the Regiftrar to make fuch Appointment, either with or without the Requeft and Confent of the faid Regiftrar, and fuch Afliftant Regiftrar (hall be entitled to receive not lets than Oue Third, nor more than One Moiety of One Third of the laid Surplus hereby enabled to belong to fuch Regiftrar and his Afliftant, according as the faid Judge may from time to time direct and appoint.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded* that nothing in this A d contained (hall be coi.ftrued to rellrain His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, from regulating the Fees of the faid Court, and from amending and altering the Table of Fees therein, as by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, with the Advice of H19 or their rrivy Council, (hall be thought neceflary or proper; but that it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, to make fuch Regulations, and in fuch manner with regard to the fame, as if this Ad had not been pafled.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

*.D .1810.	50*'GEO. III.	C. tt$*	$99

C A P. CXIX.

An AEt for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an A d of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for confolidating and rendering more effe&ual the feveral Ads for the Purchafe of Buildings, and frrther Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Wejlmbijler Hall and the Two Houfes of Parliament.	[21ft	June	1810.]

*	TTTHEREAS an Ad was palled in the Forty fixth Year of the 46 G. a. c. w.

4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, for confolidating and ren-

*	dering more effedual the feveral Ads for the Purchafe of Buildings

*	and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to IVeft^

*	miwjler Hally and the Two Houfes of Parliament: And whereas

*	by an Ad palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, 48 G. a. c. 137.

4 for amending and enlarging the Powers of the faid Ad of the	§ l*

‘ Forty fixth Year aforefaid, it was enaded, that it Ihould and 4 might be lawful to and for the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate 1 Church of Saint Peter of Wejlminjlcry by Indenture or Indentures

*	under their Common Seal to be inrolled in One of His Majefty’s

*	Courts at Wejlminjlery to demife or leafe to the Commiffioners 4 under the faid A6t of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty,

4 or to any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, for the Term 4 of Ninety nine Years, to take Effed in Pofieffion, all or any 1 Part or Parts of the Ground, Houfes and Buildings in the faid 4 reciting Ad deferibed or mentioned, and which are fituate near to 4 Weftm'mller Hally and the Two Houfes of Parliament, and that 4 every fuch Demife or Leafe Ihould and might be made at fuch 4 yearly Rent or Rents, and under and fubjed^fo fuch Covenants,

4 Conditions, Reftridions and Agreements as Ihould be agreed upon 4 between the faid Dean and Chapter, and the Commiffioners for 4 executing the faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, but that 4 no fuch Leafe Ihould be granted by the faid Dean and Chapter 4 until the fame Commiffioners Ihould, under the Authority of the 4 faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, hnve purchafed the 4 Rights and Interefts of the refpedive Leflees or Under Tenants

*	of the Hereditaments to be deferibed therein refpedively; and

4 by the faid reciting Ad, it is further enaded, that not with (landing	$ a.

4 any thing in the laid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, con-4 tained to the contrary, all Houfes, Buildings and Grounds which 4 Ihould thereafter be contraded to be leafed to the Commiffioners 4 under the fame Ad or the now reciting Ad, Ihould be demifed to 4 any fuch Three of the fame Commiffioners as in the faid Ad of the 4 Forty fixth Year aforefaid is mentioned, and after the fame Ihould 4 have been fo demifed, Ihould be, and the fame were by the faid 4 reciting Ad vetted in the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain,

1 or in the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord 4 High Treafurer for the time being, and Ihould be employed for 4 the Purpofes of the fame Ad, fubjed to the Powers and Autho-1 ritiea in the faid reciting Ad contained: And it is thereby further 4 enaded, that it Ihould be lawful for the Commiffioners under the § 4*

4 laid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of 4 them as therein mentioned, from time to time to dired or contrad 1 for the taking down of any Houfes and Buildings which Ihould be

3	4	leafed

Digitized by

4o<x,

G. ii£.

56° GEO. Ill*

A.D.i8idfe

leafed to them hy virtue of the faid reciting Aft, and for the felling and difpofing of the Materials of all fuch Houfes and Buildings, and that all fuch Materials, and the Money ariting from the Sale thereof, fhould be and were thereby veiled in the Commif-fioners under the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, and fuch Money (hould be applied and accounted for in the manner di-refted by the faid lad mentioned Aft, touching the Money arifing from the Sale of the Materials of the Houfes and Buildings tu be taken down in purfuance thereof: And it is thereby further § 5*	* enafted, that when any Hereditaments Ihould have been demifed

by the faid Dean and Chapter in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or of the now reciting Aft, it fhould be lawful for the faid Commiffioners under the faid Aft of the Forty lixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, from time to time, (by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer, or of the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or of any Three or more of them) by any Deed or Deeds to be fealed and delivered by the Commiffioners for the time being exercifing that prefent Power, and to be enrolled in one of His Majefty’s Courts at Wejlm'injlcr, to grant any Underleafe or Un-derleafes of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term or Number of Years, and alfo that it Ihould be lawful for the fame Commiffioners, or any fuch Three of them as aforefaid, from time to time to grant any Leafe or Leafcs for any Term or Terms of Years, of all or any other Part or Parts of the Grounds which had been or Ihould be purchafed in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to, or of the faid reciting Aft, and that every Leafe which Ihould be granted in pur-fuauce of the faid reciting Aft Ihould and might be granted at inch yearly Rent or Rents, and under and fubjeft to fuch Covenants for building thereupon, and fuch other Covenants, Conditions, Reltric-tions and Agreements, as the faid Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them Ihould approve: And where-4G G. a. c. 89. * as, under the Powers of the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, the Commiffioners of that Aft have purchafed all the Rights and Interrfts of the refpeftive LefTees or Undertenants of all the Houfes and Buildings upon the Ground authorized by the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, to be leafed by the faid Dean and Chapter as aforefaid, and have caufed all the faid Houfes and Buildings to be pulled down, and have fold and difpofed of the Materials thereof, and are now in poffeffion of the fame Ground : And whereas it is expedient that the Mode of leafing by the faid Dean and Chapter fhould be altered, and that the Powers of the aforefaid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid (hould be further amended and enlarged May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jefly that it may be enacted ; and be it enaftdd by the King’s Mod Excellent Majeily, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-D« in snd (hap- liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hail to of Wertmin- and may be lawful to and for the faid Dean and Chapter, and they to	are hereby authorized and empowered, notwithftanding any Statute

ot Woods, &c.	^

Digitized by C^ooQle

A.D.idio.

jo* GEO. III.

C. 119.

40 x

or Statutes now in force to the contrary, by Indenture under their Premifes authe-

Common Seal, to be inrolled in one of His Majefty’s Courts at Weft-	«l by 48 G. 3.

mnfter, to demife or leafe unto the CommilTloners of His Alajefty’s C'.\V l°kede-

Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, or to the	under

Perfoti or Perfons for the time being executing the faid Office of 46 G. 3. c. 89,

Surveyor General, all the Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground as deferibed in

authorized by the faid A61 of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, to be th« Schedule,

demifed by the faid Dean and Chapter to the Commiflioners of the ***?*^??

laid A €t of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, which Pieces or Parcel? arcPart of the

of Land of Ground are Part of the Pofieflions of the faid Dean 0\& Streets, &c.

and Chapter, and are alfo Part of the Hereditaments particularly for the Terra of

deferibed in the Form of a Leafe written or contained in the Schedule 96 Years, attha

to this A£t, and alfo all tliofe Pieces or Parcels of Ground lituate RcnU

in the faid Parifh of Saint Margaret, Weftminfter, being Parts and

Parcels of the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of

the Commiflioners of the aforefaid A&s are no longer to be ufed as

fuch, but are to be taken into the new Plan of Building authorized

by the faid A&s, which laft mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground

are the Refidue of the Hereditaments particularly deferibed in the

faid Form of a Leafe contained in the faid Schedule, fave and except

out of the faid Indenture of Leafe fo to be granted, all thofe Pieces

or Parcels of Ground, being Part of the Pofleflions of the faid Dean

and Chapter, which by Order of the Commiflioners of the faid A&

of the Forty fixth Year are to be laid into and to form Part of the

new Streets, Lanes and Ways to be made and fet out by Order of

the faid Commiflioners, to hold the faid Premifes hereby authorized

to be demifed, with their Appurtenances unto the Commiflioners of

His Majeity’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Perfou

or Pmftns for the time being executing that Office, for the Term of

Ninety fix Years, to be computed from the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, at the yearly Rents of

Four hundred and fifteen Pounds fixteen Shillings and Six pence,

forty Shillings, and one Pound fourteen Shillings and Eight pence,

and under and fubjeft to the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements

preferibed by the laid Form of a Leafe contained in the faid Schedule,

and upon Tender by the faid Dean and Chapter of a Leafe purfuant

to the faid Form and duly executed by them under their Common

Seal unto the laft mentioned Commiflioners, or the Perfon or Perfons

for the time being executing the faid Office, it (hall and may be

lawful to and for them, and they are hereby directed and required to

accept and take fuch Leafe, and to execute a Counterpart thereof,

and to deliver fuch Counterpart fo executed unto the faid Dean and

Chapter or their Succeflors.

II. And be it further ena£led, That the laft mentioned Commif- f^ommiflionenof fioneis for the time being fhall be and they are hereby conftituted a Corporation, by the Name of “The Commiflioners of His Majefty’s •• Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,” in order to enable them to	*

accept and take, in a Corporate Capacity by the Name aforefaid, Counterpart, the Leafe hereinbefore authorized to be granted, and to execute a May ufea Corn-Counterpart thereof, and for other the Purpofes of this A6t, and by mun Seal, See* that Name, for the Purpofes of this A&, they the faid laft mentioned Commiflioners (hall and may have- and ufe a Common Seal, and fhall and may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded ; but nothing in this A£t or in fuch Leafe contained (hall extend to charge the

50 Geo. III.

Dd

Perfon

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8io.

403	C.	119.	50°	GEO.	III.

Perfon or Perfons of him or them* or of his or th^ir Heirs, Executors or Admfniftrators, or his, their or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Payment of all or any of the Rents or the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Leafe to be contained ; but all and every fucli A&ion and A&ions, Suit and Suits to be brought or profecuted by the Paid Dean and Chapter for or in refped of the fame Rents, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, or any of them, {hall be brought or profecuted againft the faid lait mentioned Commifiioners and their Succefiors for the time being executing the faid Office in their Corporate Capacity.

Treafury may, HI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall he lawful for the bv Warrants, Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, or the

caufe *'*“■ Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer lure* to b« made	. r ,	,	. ®	f	?	. ,

forth for pa\in* now an<* *or t‘,c t,ni1e ”c,nR» or any * hree or more of tlicm, and the

Dean awl Chap- Chancellor and Under Trealurer of the Exchequer for the time being, ter 4i9h 11 a.ad. and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required by War-yearly, Stc. rant under his or their Hand or Hands to dire£t the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for paying unto the faid Dean and Chapter and their Succefiors, or their Attorney lawfully con-ftituted under their Common Seal, the faid yearly Rents or Sums of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six pence. Forty Shillings and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and Eight pence, making together the Sum of Four hundred and nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two pence clear of all Dedu&ions except the Property Tax, payable by Landlords as the fame (hall from time to time become due and payable, and alfo for paying from time te time unto the faid Dean and Chapter and their Succefiors the A|p>unts of all fuch Damages and Cofts as they (hall recover in any Court of Law or Equity, againft the faid Commifiioners of Woods, Forrfts and Land Revenues, and their SuccefTois in any A&ion or Suit to be brought or profecuted by the faid Dean and Chapter or their Sue-ccfibis, for recovering the faid Rents referved by the faid Indenture of Leafe hereinbefore authorized to be granted, or for or upon, or in refpeft of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Indenture contained, which faid Warrants, and the Debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon, (hall, from time to time, be a fuf-ficient Authority to the fcveral and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment •£ the faid yearly Rents, clear of all Dedu&ions, except as aforefaid, and for Payment of the Amount of fuch Damages and Cofts which fhall be fo recovered as aforefaid, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, bad or obtained in that behalf, which faid Sum of Four hundred aud nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two pence, together with all fuch Damages and Cofts as fhall be re* covered as aforefaid, fhall, from time to time, be charged and chargeable upon the Fund commonly called the Confolidatea Fund of Great Britain.

Wurautf valid. IV. And be it further ena£led, That after figning of the faid Warrants from time to time the fame fhall be good, valid and effe&ual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and cf this A&, and (hall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife. of His Majefty (whom God long preferte) or any of HU

Succeflbrs,

Digitized by Google

A.D.i$io.

4 *S*

jo3 GEO. III.	C.119.

Succeflors, or by or upon tbe Death or Removal of any of the faid CommiflRmers of the Treafury for the time being, or the Lord High Treafurer or Under Treafurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power or Office or Offices of them or any of them.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the CommiffionCrs of the' No Fee* tik«n. Treafury now and for the time being, and the Lord High Treafurer

of the Treafury for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treafurer,

Chamber!aiu and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Mmifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof now and for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and ftridly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all foch '

Ads, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore direded and required, or (hall be neceflary to he done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Ad and the feveral Payments hereby direded effedual.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the Acquittance or Acquit- Acqaittanres of

tances* Receipt or Receipts of the faid Dean and Chapter, or their	Cliap-

Succeflbrs, or of their Attorney lawfully conftituted, under their p[fcw^nl Common Seal, for the fcveral Sums hereby direded to be paid to ^ * them or their Attorney, (halt be good and fufficient Difcharges for

the Payment of fuch feveral Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be fned for or obtained in that behalf; and that the (aid Sums and every Part thereof, (ball be free and clear from all Taxes,

Impolitions and other publick Charges whatfoever (except as before exceptrd) 5 and in cafe any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer (hall refufe or negled to pay the laid yearly Rents or Sums, or other Sums or any Part thereof, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or to do any Ad necef-fary Sw enable the faid Dean and Chapter, or their Succeflors, or their Attorney lawfully conftituted'to receive the fame, then the faid Dean and Chapter, or their Succeflors, may from time to time fue, profecute and implead fuch Officers, or any of them, or their refpec-tive Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Adion of Debt, and (hall or may recover Judgment, and fue out Executions thereupon again ft fuch Officers refpedively, or their refpedive Heirs,

Executors or Adminiilrators, for the Amount of fo much of fuch refpedive yearly Rents or Sums, or for the Amount of fo much of fuch other Sum?, for the Payment of which a Warrant is hereby authorized to be made as aforefaid, as (hall he then due and owing to the faid Dean and Chapter, or their Succeflors, and as (hall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demand (hall have been legally made of the Payment of the fame yearly Rents or Sums, or of fuch other Sums as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, or for the Refufal or Negled to do any Ad neceifary to be done by fuch Officer or Officers refpedively, for enabling the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame Rents or Sums to receive the fame accordingly.

VIL And be it further enaded, That all thofe the aforefaid Prrmifcs Part of Pieces or Parcels of Ground hereinbefore mentioned to be Part of oIJ Sums, &c. the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of the Com-raiffioner8 of the aforefaid Ads is no longer to be ufed as fuch, but peanladChTp-is to be taken into the new Plan of Building authorized by the faid ter.

Ads, together with the Areas, Vaults and Appurtenances belonging to the fame, or forming Part thereof, (hall, from and immediately

D d 2	alter

Digitized by L^OOQle

A.D.iSio.

4<?4

Prrm.frs d mifcd

teplMtd i< hp Purpofrs of this ctid feckfld Act.

Application of M'.'ivty strifmg from Sale of Material-.

I. iTea of Tre-xuifcs by t om-irifliontrs, with Confent of Treafiiry.

C 119V	506	GEO. III.

after the parting of this A£t (but fubjedl to the Dire&ioh hereinbefore ‘ contained for leafing the fame, together with other Hereditaments, in the mean time, and until the faid Leafe thereof hereby diredfced to be made (hall be made, and from and after the making of fuch Leafe then fubje& thereto) be veiled in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby (but fubjedl as aforefaid) verted in and fettled upon the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Succeflors, for ever; and the fame (hall be holden by them* for ever as, and (hall conftitute Part of their Porte (lions in right of their faid Collegiate Church, to all Latent* and Purpofes whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That (notwithftanding any Thing in the faid A 61 of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid contained to the contrary) all the aforefaid Pieces or Parcels of Ground which (hall be demifed to the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners and their Succeflors by virtue of this Ad, (hatl, after the fame (hall have been fo demifed, be employed for the Purpofes of the aforefaid Ad, fubjedl to the Powers and Authorities in this Ad contained.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Monies arifen from the Sale of the Materials of the Houfes and Buildings lately (landing on the Ground hereby authorized to be demifed by the faid Dean and Chapter as aforefaid, and which have been pulled down by the Dircdion of the Commiffioners of the faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid as hereinbefore mentioned, and which Monies have been received by the fame Commiffioners, or fome of them, (hall be applied and accounted for in the manner direded by the faid laft

' mentioned Ad, concerning the Money arifing from Sale of the Materials of the Houfes and Buildings to be taken down in purfuance thereof.	tfk

X.	And be it further enaded, That after the faid HereditSKnts hereby authorized to be demifed by the faid Dean and Chapter to the faid Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the Term of Ninety fix Years, (hall be fo demifed as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners under the faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them a» therein mentioned, with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer, or of the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, teilined in Writing under his or their Hands, to contrad and agree by Writing under the Hands and Seal* of them the faid Commiffioners under the faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, for the granting of any Underlcafe or Underleafes of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term not exceeding Ninety five Years, and Three Quarters of a Year, computed from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufaud eight hundred and ten ; and alfo, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and their Succefiors, and they are herebry direded and required, at the Requeil of the faid Commiffioners under the faid Ad of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, teftified in Writing under their Hands, and with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, by any Deed or Deeds under the Common Seal of the faid Commiffioners of Woods, Forefts ami Land Revenue, and their Succeflors, and to be inrolled in one of

His

Digitized by CjOOQle

4

50° GEO. IIL	C.H9.

His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejlm\njler9 to grant, purfuant to or not purfuant to any fuch Contract or Agreement, any JJn-dericafe or Underleases of all or any Patt or Parts of the fame Hereditaments, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding the faid Term of Ninety five Years, and Three Quarters of a Year, to be computed as aforefaid ; and alfo that it Shall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, under the faid Aft of the Forty fixth aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, with fuch Confent and Approbation as lad aforefaid, at any time or times after the palling of this Aft, to contraft and agree by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, for the granting of any Leafe or Leafes, for any Term or Terms of Years, of all or any Part or Parts of the Grounds which have been or (hall be purchafed in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to, or in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, under the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, by any Deed or Deeds to be fealed and delivered by them, and to be enrolled in one of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr* to grant purfuant to or not purfuant to any fuch Contraft or Agreement as laft mentioned, any Leafe or Leafes of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments for any Term or Number of Years, and that every Underleafe which (hall be contrafted for by the fa»d Commiflioners, under the faid Aft of the Forty Cxtb Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as therein mentioned or granted by the faid ^fcmmiflioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, and every origtfln Leafe that lhall be contrafted for or granted by the fame Commiflioners, or any fuch Three of them as aforefaid, in purfuance of this Aft, fhall and may be contrafted for or granted at fuch yearly Rent or Rents, and under and fubjeft to fuch Covenants for building, and fuch other Covenants, Conditions, Reftriftions and Agreements as the faid Commiflioners, under the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or fuch Three of them as therein mentioned, and the Lord High Trcafurer or the Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, fhall approve,

XL And be it further enafted, That the annual Rents and Profits arifing from any Grounds which fhall be leafed or contrafted to be leafed by the Commiflioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and their SuccefTors, or by the Commiflioners under the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any fuch Three of them as aforefaid, in purfuance of this Aft or of the faid recited Afts, or from any Houfes or Buildings which fhall be erefted and built thereon, fhall from time to time be received by any Perfon or Perfons to be for that Purpofe appointed by the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain, or the Commiffioner9 for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three of them, and fhall be paid into His Majefty’s Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft, or in the faid Contrafts or Leafes hereby authorized to be entered into 9T made by the faid Commiflioners of the Forty fixth Year afore-

Dd3	faid,

Terms.

Coniraft.

46 G. 3. e. S9.

46 G.9.C.S9. '

Rents to be pa»4 as Treaiurjr appoint.

Commiflioners not a nf* arable. for Performance of Comra$a«

Digitized by Google

AJXi8ie.

406	C.	119.

$oe GEO. III.

faid, or any fuch Three of them as aforefaid, contained or to be contained, fhall extend to charge the Perfons or Perfon of all or any of the Commiflioners executing all or any of the fame Contra&s or Leafes, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of the fame Com-miflioncrs, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lauds and Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of ail or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Contra&s or Leafes, or any of them, contained, on the Part of the fame Commiflioners, or any of them; but the Amount

Baanges, &c.	Cofts,	Charges,	Damages	and	Expences	which	(hall	or	may

their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for or by reafon or means of fuch laft mentioned Contra&s or Leafes, or the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, and alfo all other Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences which they the fame Co-' miifionert refpeftively (hall bear, pay, expend or be put to, or which (hall be occafioned to them relppctivcly for or by reafon or means of any A6lion or A&ions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or profecuted by or againft them refpe&ively, or againft their refpe&ive Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, upon or by reafon of the fame Contradis and Leafes, Or any of them, or the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, or for or by reafon or means of their Execution by them the fame Commiflioners refpedlivcly, of the Powers and Authorities to them given by the feveral Acts aforefaid, or the Adis therein recited, or this Adi, and alfo all the Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences (over and beyond thofc hereinbefore provided for) which the faid Commiflioners of Woods, Forefts and Laigd Revenues, and their Succeflors, or the Perfons for the time beuftg ex-erciflng that Oflice, (hall bear, pay, expend or be put to, or which

of any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, or any Adlion or Adlions, Suit or Suits to be brought or profecuted by or againft him, them or any of them thereupon, (hall refpedlively be paid and difeharged at the Receipt of His Majefty’i Exchequer by fuch Perfon or Perfons and in fuch and the fame mamier as the yearly Rents to be referved upon the faid Leafe hereby authorized to be made hy the faid Dean and Chapter are hereinbefore

and Exchequer, and all other Perfons hereinbefore authorized and diredled to do and perforin the Acts ncccflary for authorizing the Payment and for Payment of the faid Rents at the Receipt of Hil Majefty’s Exchequer, are hereby authorized and required to do the like A6ts for authorizing the Payment and for the Payment of the fame Cofts, Charges, Damages and Expences at the faid Receipt of His Mdjefty’s Exchequer; but before any Warrant for making a Debenture for Payment of any fuch Cofts, Charges or Expences h laft mentioned fliall be made or iflued, tbe Particulars of the Cofts, Charges and Expences for the Payment whereof fi*ch Warrant and Debenture (ball be neccflary, (lull, from time to time, be examined, and the Amount thereof fettled and allowed by the Lord High Trcafurcr, or the Commiflioners for executing the Cud Ofiot

paid by Treafuiy. be recovered in any Suitor Suits of Law or Equity againft them the faid Commiflioneis, or any of them, or againft their or any of

(hall be occafloned to them for or by reafon or means of the Leafe hereinbefore directed to be accepted, and the Underlcafes hereinbefore dire&cd to be made by him and them, or for or by reafon or means

ditedlcd to be paid ; and all Officers of His Majefty’a Treafury

of

Digitized by

Google

AJ>.i8ro.

407

50® GEO. III.	t	€. 119.

of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three of them, and (hall be fo certified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

XIIT. And be it farther enacted, That all tliofe the aforefaid Pieces or Parcels of Grofind, being Part of the PofTeflions of the aforefaid Dean and Chapter, and which are to be excepted out of the aforefaid Leafe fo to be granted to the faid Commiflioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, and vtheir Succeflors as aforefaid ; and which, by Order of the Commifubners of the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, are to be laid into, and to form Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways to be made and fet out by Order of the fame Commiflioners fhall, from ahd immediately after the palling of this A ft, be diverted out of the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Succeflors, and be verted in the Committee Men appointed for the faid Parilh of Saint Margaret, under an Aft of Parliament made and parted in the Eleventh Year of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An A3 to amend and render more cjfedual feveral A3s made relating to paving, cleanjing and lighting the Squares. Streets, Lanes and other Places •within the City and Liberty of Weftminrter and Parts adjacent, to hold to fnch laft mentioned Committee Men and their Succeflors, for the Ufe of the Publick, and for the Purpofes of the faid tart mentioned Aft, and the feveral A&s therein referred to ; and they the fame Committee Men and their Succeflors arc hereby authorized and required and direfted to accept and take the faid lart mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground under their Jurifdiftion as Committee Men under the faid Adi of the Eleventh Year aforefaid, and to ufe and exercife over the fame, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houfes, Buildings and Tenements adjoining and near thereto, all fuch Powers, Authorities and Remedies as they the fame Committee Men are by the faid Aft of the Eleventh Year aforefaid, and the feveral Adis therein mentioned, authorized to ufe and exercife over the old Streets, Lanes and Way's now within the Jurifdidtion of the fame Committee Men under the fame Adis, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houfes, Buildings and Tenements lituate in the faid old Screers, Lanes and Ways.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That it (hall and may be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commif-fioners for executing the laid Adi of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain, or the Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurcr for the time being, or any Three of them, to refume and take Poffeflion of the faid hereinbefore excepted Pieces or Parcels of Ground, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofes of building thereupon, or laying out the fame in Streets or other Improvements : Provided neverthelefs, that in cafe the fame or any Part thereof fhall be built upon by their Authority, then, and in fuch cafe, fo much of the fame excepted Pieces or Parcels of Ground as (hall be fo refumed or taken and built upon, fhall thenceforth again abfolutely Veil in the faid Dean and Chapter, and fhall be deemed to have been included in and demifed by the Leafe hereby authorized to be made, and fhall and may be employed or difpofed during the Refidue then to come of the Term to be granted by the faid Leafe for the Purpofes of,the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, in fuch and

1) d 4	the

PreroJfea excepted out of Leafe "ranted to ( ommrflinnrrs of Woods, and which are to form the new Street, vefted in (ommitlre Men of St. Margaret by 11 G.3. C. 22.

CommifTioDert under 46 G. 3. c. 89. may refume before mentioned Pre-mifes, and build then on, &c. to veft in Dean and Chapter.

Digitized by C^ooQie

4c8

C. up.

50° GEO, 1IL

A.D. i8w>.

Dean nnd Chapter jikiv grant to ioQcn of Woods, &c. a

-Leaic of Freni i	h< teiu

c' r.U

the fame manner as if the fame hpd not been excepted out of the Demife intended to be made by faid £.eafe.

XV. And be it further enaAed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Dean and Chapter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to gmnt to thp faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, a Leafe of all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground, with the Two MefTuages thereon fituate, and being on the South Side of Great George Street, one of which MefTuages was lately ufed as the Adjutant GeueraPs Office, and the other of which Menuages was occupied by Richard Frewin Efquire, which faid Piece or Parcel of Ground is in the Plan or Ground Plot annexed to the Form of the Leafe written or contained in the Schedule to this AA marked or dillinguiihed by a Green Colour, for a like Term of Ninety fix Years from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March laft, upon fuch Fine, and at fuch Rent as (hall hereafter be agreed upon by and between the faid Dean and Chapter, and the lame Commiffioners under the faid AA of the Forty fixth Year afbrefaid, which faid laft mentioned Leafe fhall in all other refpeAs be in the fame Form as the Law written or contained in the Schedule to this AA, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Dire&ions, Penalties, Claufes, Matters and Things hereinbefore enaAed with re-fpeA to making the Leafe written or contained in the faid Schedule, and for the IfTue and Recovery of the Rent, and Damages for underletting the faid Premifes and for building thereon, or otherwife dif-pofing thereof; and all other Powers, Authorities, Dire&ions, Matters and Things whatfoever, hereinbefore ena6ted, fhall be in full force, and be duly obferved in relation to the Leafe by this Enactment authorized to be granted, and the Ground and Premifes to be thereby demifed as fully and effeAually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if the fame or the like Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Claufes, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enaAed with refpeA to fuch laft mentioned Leafe, Ground and Premifes.

{The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing A3 refers, contains the Form of the Indenture of Leafe authorised to he grastfed hy the Dean and Chapter of Weftminfter.]!

J.OCAL

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.iSio.

50° GEO. III.

C.i.

4°9

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

\

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B.—The Continuance of fucb of the following Ads as are temporary will be known (where it is not exprefsly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the correfponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Tears, tsfc. [1. e. to the End of the next Scfftonjfrom a Day named in the At7.

(h) For 21 Tears, isfc. from the pafftng of the Ad.

(c) For 2 I Tears, &c. after the End of the Term under former Ads.

All Ads in this Lift, not dijlinguijhed by the Letters (q. P.) are Pi/blickActs; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

44 And be it further enabled, That this Ad fhall be deemed 44 and taken to be a Publick Ad, and (hall be judicially taken 44 Notice of as fuch bv all Judges, Juftices and others, without 44 being fpecially pleaded.”

(q. P.) Quafi-Publick Ads, i. e. Ads to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

44 And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be printed ♦4 by the Printer to the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, and a 44 Copy thereof, fo printed, (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof 44 by all Judges, Juftices and others.”

Cap• i*

An A d for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland.	[l2th	March 1810.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Ad was patted in the Forty feventh Year 47 G.3. ScfT. 2. 4 W of the Reign of His preient Majefty, intituled, An Ad to c.xxxiL 4 enable His Majejly to grant the Citadel Walls of the City of Carlide,

• and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Juftices of the Peace 4 for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Juftice for the 4 faid County, and for other Purpofes relating thereto : And whereas 4 the faid Juftices were authorized and empowered by the faid Ad 4 to ered and build a proper Shire Hall and Court Houfes with 4 fuitable Offices and Accommodations, for the more convenient 4 holding the Affizes and for other publick Purpofes for the faid County, as (hould to them the faid Juftices appear expedient and 4 neceflary; and to pay, difcharge and defray all the Expences, Cods 4 and Charges attending the ereding and building of the fame, and t all incidental Expences in the effecting and carrying into Execution t the fevers} Purpofes of the faid Ad, by and out of the publick *	4	County

Digitized by v^.ooQle

C.i.

A.D.1810.



S« flion* to make Otders lor Juf-iiee» to meet in tl. ir rcfpeclive \V«nls.

1 liet s to iflTue H ei-pt* f,r ()vi*rf«'ers to attfH»d their Meetings, ami to produce Poor Ratjp* verified on Oath.



5 o°

GEO. IIL

€ County Stock or Rates of the faid County, fubjeA to fuch Re-‘ flriftions and Provifoes as are therein contained: And whereas it is

•	found that the faid County Rates are unequal, and the Payment € thereof falls upon the Occupiers of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements

*	and Hereditaments within the faid County, in very unequal Pro-4 portions :* For remedying whereof it is expedient that Power and Authority (hould be given to the Juflices of the Peace for the (aid County of Cumberland, from time to time, at their General or Quarter-Seffions aflembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make a fair and equal County Rate for all the Purpofes to which the County Stock or Rate is by Law applicable, and for that Purpofe to affefs and tax refpe&ively and in due Proportion, all and every the Parifhcs, Townfhips, Liberties, Precin&s, Villages, Hamlets and Places within the faid County, according to the annual Rent or Value of the Mefluages, Lands and Tenements therein, for and towards the fame; but which cannot be effe&ed without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be eoa&ed; and be it enadted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this A&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, or the major Part of them, at any of their General or Quarter-SefBons of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, or at any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, and at all or any time or times thereafter, as often as it fhall appear to them proper or expedient, to rate and aflefsall Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and other Property rateable to the Poor within the faid County, to the full and fair annual Value thereof according to their Judgment, not exceeding Eight Pence in the Pound upon fuch annual Value in any One Year, and to levy and raifp the fame in fuch manner as the County Rates are now by Law and by this A A hereinafter dirc&ed to be raifed and levied, to be applied and difpofed of by the faid Juflices in the fame manner and for the fame Purpofes as they now are authorized and empowered by Law to difpofe of and apply the County Stock or Rate; and for the better enabling the faid Juflices to make fuch fair and equal Rate, it fhall ami may be lawful to and for the faid Juflices, or the major Part of them, at their General or Quarter-Seflion6 of the Peace to he holden next after the palling of this A&, or at any Adjournment thereof, and afterwards from time to time and at all or any time or times hereafter at any General or Quarter-Seflion3 of the Peace, or at any Adjournment of the fame refpedtively, and as often as they fhall think expedient, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to make an Order or Orders for the Juflices of the Peace aAing in and for the faid County of Cumberland, to meet from time to time within the Several Wards and Divifions 6f -the faid County for which they re-fpeAivcly a& ; and any Two or more Juflices aflembled at any fuch Meeting, fhall from time to time ifloe their Precepts under their ne-lpe&ive Hands and Seals to all and every the Overfeers of the Poor as wieM within the Cities, Boroughs or Franchises as other wife, within fuch their refpe&ive Wards or Divifions, thereby commanding them to attend at a Day and Place or Days and Places, to be named and

4	appointed

Digitized by LjOOQle

A.D.iSiq.	50°	GEO.	III.	C.	i.	411

appointed for that Purpofe by fuch Precepts, and before the then next General or Quarter-Seffions to be holden in and for the faid County of Cumberland, and to return and produce to the Jufticesor Jufticv then and there prefent the feveral Rates and Affeffmcnt* made for the Relief of the Poor within the feveral Parifhes, Town(hipsa liberties. Precious* Hamlets, Villages and Places in the faid County of Cumberland, for which fuch Ovcrfeers refpedively ad; and are* appointed, together with the Names of the feveral Perfons and Parties charged with fuch Rates, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated or charged on fuch feveral Perfons or Parties refpedively; and every fuch Rate fo returned (hall be figned with the Name or Names of the Overfcer or Overfeers fo making fuch Rate, and (hall be veritied upon Oath before fuch Juftices or Juftice at the time of delivering in the fame by the Perfon or Perfons fo delivering them 2 Provided always, that the faid Juftices (hall not, by virtue of any of the Powers by this Ad given, rate or affefs any Moors or Wafte Grounds until Six Years after the fame (hall have been allotted, divided or in-clofed.

II.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Overfeer of the Overmen Poor of any of the feveral Parilbes, Townfhipf, Liberties, Precinds, ncgleflinjto Villages, Hamlets or Placer, within the faid County, (hall negled or *PI’?*r< make Default in making any fuch Returns in manner aforefaid, then,

and in every fuch cafe, each and every fuch Overfeer of the Poor fo negl-.^cling or making Default (without fufficicnt Excufe to be allowed by the faid Juft ices fo affembled) (hall forfeit and pay fuch Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as (ball or may be ordered or adjudged by the fame juftices fo affembled as aforefaid, by way ot Penalty for fuch Negled or Default; and in cafe Penalty, any fuch Penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Juftices fo affembled, and they are hereby direded to iffue their Warrant to the High or Petty Con (table of the Ward or Divilion wherein fuch Parifli, Townfhip, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place (kali ,be fituate, direding him to levy fuch Penalty upon the refptctive Goods and Chattels of each and every Overfeer of the Poor of the Parifti, Townlhip, Liberty, Precind,

Village, Hamlet or Place fo negleding or making Default, in like manner and with fuch Powers and Authorities as the faid High or '

Petty Conftable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the

Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An	2. c. at.

Ail for the more eafy ajfejfuxg, colleSing and levying of County Rater,

vefted with for levying on the Overfeers of the Poor the Sum afleffed

for the Couuty Rates.

III.	And be it further enaded, That, in order the better to enable Juftices or Clerk

the faid Juftices of the Peace to form a corred Judgment of the real of the Peace to Amount of the Rental or Value of the Eftates as aforefaid, the faid for Books Juftices of the Peace for tlie faid County, or any Three or more of	T“

them, or the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County ading under c mcnt* their Authority, (hall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time as they or he may

think neceffary or expedient, to caufe any of the Books of the AC-feffment of the Property or Income Tax, fo far as the fame relate or refer to or in any wife concern the Statement of Property to be fet forth and dated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an Ad paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

412	C.	i.	50’	GEO.	III.

46 G. 3; c. 65*

Feaihy.

Jurtircs to certify Amount of Sumr rated to the Sflions, who Htr. authorized to make a Rate.

An Ad for granting to His Mayfly during the prefent War, and until the Sixth Day, of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifing from Property, ProfeJ-fions, Trades arid Offices, and for repealing an AS paffed in the Forty-fifth Tear of His prefent Mayfly, for repealing certain Parts of am Ad made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Mayfly, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices, and to confolidate and render more effectual the Proviftom for colleSing the faid Duties ; and the Rental or Valnation by which fuch Afleffments are made, mentioned and deferibed, within any Pa-.rifh or Place within the faid County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of or ExtraAs from fuch Books or A* (Teff-ments, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them, fhall think fit (fuch Compenfation being made to the Party or Parties producing the fame refpeAively as the faid Jnltices, or any Three or more of them, fhall think reafonable); and if any Perfon or Fcrfons in whofe Cullody or Power any of the faid Books or Afleff-xnents fhall be, fhall negleA or refufe to attend the faid Jullices or the faid Clerk of the Peace with fuch Book or Books, Afleflment or Afleffments, 6r to permit them, him or any of them, to take Copies thereof or ExtraAs therefrom as aforefaid, then, and in every luch cafe, every Perfon who fhall fo refufe or negleA fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Perfon or Perfons fo making Default, together with the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties refpeAively on whofe Goods and Chattels fuch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be fo made as aforefaid, and the fame Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, (hall forthwith be paid to tbe Trea-furer of the faid County to be applied towards the Purpofes of this AA.

IV.	And be it further euaAed, That in cafe the Juftice or Juf-tices fo aAing as aforefaid within their refpeAive Wards or Di-vifions, (hail be of Opinion that fuch Rates and Affeffmenta, or any of them fo made and returned, upon Examination thereof, are the fair and juft annual Value of the rateable Property mentioned therein, and are in other refpeAs fair and equal, then the faid Juftice or Juftices are and is hereby required from time to time to certify under their or his Hands or Hand the grofs Amount of the refpeAive Sums on which the faid Rates are made and affeffed in each Divifion or Ward in the faid County of Cumberland, for which fuch Juftices or Juftice refpeAively aA or a As, to the then next Geueral or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace for the fame County, to the Intent that at fueh General or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace or at fomc Adjournment thereof, or at fome fubfequent General or Quarter-Semons or Adjournment thereof refpeAively, the Juftices affembled at any fuch General or Quarter-Seflions or Adjournment thereof, may from time to time, and as often as they (hall deem it neceffary, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Afleffments, upou all and every the Meffuages, Mills, J^ands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever, in and

throughout

%

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8io.

4*3'

505 GEO. III.	C<	i.

throughout the faid County of Cumberland, rated or liable to be rated to the Poors Rates or Property Tax in the faid County of Cumberland, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Two Pence in the Pound of the feverai full and fair annual Values of fuch MefTuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and fo from time to time, at any future General or Quarter-Seflions or Adjournment thereof, to continue fuch Rate or Kates, AfTeffment or Affeffments, or to reduce, alter or vary the fame as the faid Juftices at their faid Seflions (hall think neccffary and proper, and to raife them again to any Sum not exceeding the faid Rate of Eight Pence in the Pound in any One Year'; and for the Purpofe of levying and raifmg fuch Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or AfTeffment?, it (hall and maybe lawful for them the faid Juftices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be from time to time iffued in the fame manner as now pra&ifed and authorized by Law for collecting the County Rates, to the feverai High Conftables within the fame County of Cumberland, ordering and requiring them to iffue their Warrants to the refpeftive Over* feers of the Poor within their refpe&ive Divifions, to levy and collet and pay to the High Conftables within a time to be named and limited in the Warrants to be iffued from the Seflions as aforefaid, all fuch Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or Affeffments, which each High Conftable fhall and he is hereby direCled and required to pay at fuch time as fhall be fpecified in fuch Warrant before the then next General or Quarter. Seflions of the Peace, to the Treafurer for the time being of the faid County of Cumberland, to be applied and difpofed of in fuch manner and for fuch Purpofes as the County Stock or Rate is now by Law applicable; and in cafe any Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of any of the feverai Parifhes, Townfhips, Liberties, Precin&s, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the faid County liable to pay the fame, fhall negleCT, make Default, or refufe to pay the-fame within the time to be fpecified and limited for that Purpofe as aforefaid to the High Conftable of the Ward or Divifion within which fuch Overfeer or Overfeers fo liable and ncgleCfing to pay as aforefaid fhall reflde, it fhall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, upon Complaint thereof made by any fuch High Conftable by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods, not only in the faid County of Cumberland, but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchife or Place, (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the lame being in fuch lad mentioned Cafe firfl in dor fed by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchife where any Goods of the refpedtive Defaulters fhall be found) returning the Overplus (if any) after fuch Rate or Rates and the Charges of Diftrefs and Sale fhall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods fo diltrained and fold; and the Overfeers and Overfeer of any Parifh, Town (hip or Place maintaining its own Pour within the faid County, fhall and may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raife by an equal Rate or AfTeffment upon all and every the MefTuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief of the Poor within their refpe6live Pa-rifhes, Townfhips or Places, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as fhall be required and neceffary in order to raife the feverai Sums affeffed

or

Rates when collected to lx* paid to Treafurer.

Equal Rates to be jilTtfled on the r«*f|x-Cliv^ I’arithcs, 8tc.

Digitized by C^ooQle



A.D. i8io.

T*o Thirds of Kate to lie borne by Landlord, and On I bird b> the Tenaiit.

.	•	J

by Diltrcl*

)\*wcr lor Jo. mr* O. ! f« ::ts.

C. i.	50°	GEO.	III.

or impofed upon fuch Parifhes, Townfhips or Place* refpeAively, or to re-imbutfe fuch Overfeers or Overfeer fuch Sum or Sum* of Money as they (hall refperiively have paid on account of the fame, fuch Rate or Affeffment to be paid by tne Occupier or Occupier* for the time being of fuch Meffuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments refperiively : Provided always. That every Tenant or Occupier paying fuch Rate as aforefaid, may dedudk and retain out of the Rent payable to his Landlord for the Premifes in refperi of which fuch Rate is payable, the full Amount of Two third Parts of all and every Sum and Sums of Money fo paid, it being the Intent and Meaning of this Ad that Two Thirds of fuch Rate (hall be borne by the Landlord, and the remaining One Third only by the Tenant or Occupier, and every Landlord and Owner of fuch Meffuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments (hall and are hereby required to allow and make fuch refperiive Dc-duriious and Payments accordingly ; and every fuch Tenant or Occupier paying fuch Part of the faid Rates or A(Te(Tments as are hereiubefore direried to be borne by the Landlord, or on whom the fame (hall have been levied, (hall he and is hereby acquitted and dif-charged of and from fo much Money as the fame (hall amount unto, as fully and efferiually as if the fame had been ariually paid unto fuch Landlord or Landlords in Part of the Rent due from fuch Tenant.

V.	And be it further enaried, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, afler Demand made or Notice thereof in Writing, left at hi* lad utual Place of Abode, refufe or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or affeffed upon him, her or them, by virtue of this

for or in ref peri of the Me (Tinges, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments occupied by him, her or them as aforefaid for the Space of Ten Days, it (hall and may be lawful for any Jultice of the Peace for the faid County, upon Complaint thereof made by any fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods, not only in the faid County of Cumberland, but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame in fuch laft mentioned Cafe being tirll indorfed by fome Juftict of the Peace for the County where any Goods and Chattels of the reiperiive Perfon or Perfons (hall be found), returning the Overplus (if any) after fuch Rate and the Charges of the Diftrefs aud Sale (hall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods fo diftrained aud fold.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaried, That in all Cafes and Places within the faid County of Cumberland when there are no Over hers of the Poor, or where the Juftices of the faid County a ITembled for the Purpofe of receiving fuch Returns from the faid Overfeers of the Rates and Affeffments made for the Relief of the Poor within the feveral Parifhes, Town(hip9, Villages, Hamlets, Precinris and Places as aforefaid, (hall be of Opinion that the Rates or Afteffments produced to them at their refperiive Meetings are not fair and equal Rates and Affeffments, or according to the full and fair anuual Value of the rateable Property, it (hall and way be lawful to and for the faid Juftices of the Peace for the faid County affcmblcd at fuch their refperiive Meetings, and they art hereby authorized and required, to fummon before them any Two

or

Digitized by C^ooQle

A «Dt 181 o*

50° GEO. III.	C. i.	41	j

or more of the fubftantial Inhabitants of fuch Places refpedlively for which there are no Overfeers of the Poor, or where any of the Mefliiages, Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor’s Rates are not afiefied, or in the Opinion of them the faid Juftices are not equally a fie fled and rated, or are not rated and afiefied to the full or fair Value; or any other Perfon or Perfons whom they the faid Juftices may think neccflary and proper to give Evidence as to the fair annual Value of fuch Mefluages, Tenements or Hereditaments, and then and there examine fuch Inhabitants or other Perfon or Perfons refpeclivcly on Oath (which Oath any One or more of them the faid Juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter) as to the annual Values of fuch the refpe&ive Mefluages, Mills, Lands, Tythes,

Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor’s Rates, and thereupon to afeertain the Sums on which the Rate or Rates, Af-fefiment or AflefiVnents, to be made in purfuance of this Adi, ought to be levied and colledled.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That if in the faid County of Culledtro ap-Cumbcrland there be any extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places pointed IW ext rain which there are no Pool's Rate or Overfeers of $he Poor or other P**0^1*! Places. Officer neceflary for the executing of the Provifions of this Adi, and

in which there are any Mefluages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Tytlies or Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, but not rated or ' afiefled thereto, it (Jball and may be lawful for the faid Juftices of the Pecce of the faid County refident in or adling for the Divifion of the faid County in which fuch extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places are fituate, at any Petty Seflions to be holden by them within fuch Divifion as aforefaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more proper Perfon or Perfons in the Nature of and to adt as Overfeer or Overfeers or other filch Officer as aforefaid, who is and are hereby required, authorized-and empowered to adl within and for fuch extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places refpedlively, for effedling the Purpofes of this Adi, and fuch Per-fon and Perfons refpedlively (hall have the like Powers veiled in him or them for effedling all fuch Purpofes as fully and effedlually to all Intents aud Purpofes as if he or thev had been appointed Overleer or Overfeers of the Poor or other Officer under any of the exift-ing Statute Laws.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That if the Overfeer Appeal, er Overfeers of the Poor of any Pariih, Townfhip, Liberty, Preempt, Village, Hamlet or Place in the faid County, (hall at any

time or times have rcafon to believe that fuch Parifh, Townfhip,.

Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet or Place is over-rated by any Rate to be made in purfuance of this Adi, then, and in every fuch Cafe,' it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County at their next General or Quarter*Stfiions, or at any Adjournment thereof, againft fuch Part of the Rate only as may affedl the Parifh, Townfhip, Liberty, Precindl, Village or Place in which fuch Overfeer or Overfeers (hall ferve fuch Offices refpedtively; and	\

the faid Juftices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give fuch Appellant or Appellants fuch Relief as to them the (aid Juftices in their Difcretion (hall appear fair, juft and* equitable: Provided neverthelefs, that upon fuch Appeal no fuch pattf ^ Rate (hall be qitafhed or deftroyed in regard to any other Pariffi, aqahjfl, iLi.to

Townffiip, be aiialhe^ i*

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

r< fpcft of other

Parilhe* &c.

Appeal.

Kxpenccs of Appeals to be born^ by the I'urties.

Extending Powers of former Aft* to this.

13 G. 2. c. If.

Exponce* of Aft to be paid out af the Haiti.

C. i.

5o° GEO. III.

Townfhip, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamfet or Place, or Perfon or Perfons afteiTed thereby, any thing in this A£i, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-ing: Provided alfo, that if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think him-felf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Acl, Matter or Thing done in purfuance of this A&, or the Powers hereby given, then, and in every fuch Cafe, on giving Fourteen Days Notice to fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, he, fhe or they may appeal to the faid Juf-tices of the Peace for the faid County, at their next General or Quarter-Seffions to be holden next after every fuch Caufe of Appeal fhall have arifen; and the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter-Seffions aflcmbled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, (hall and are here by empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give to all fucli Appellants fuch Relief as in their Dif-cretioti (hall feem fair and juft.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe of any Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law as between Parifh and Parifh, or between any Perfon or Perfons and any Parifh or Parifhes, or any Perfon or Perfons refpe&ing any Thing done in purfuance of this Adt, or any other Aft or Adis, relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all fuch Appeals, Adlions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, (hall be borne and paid by fuch refpeftive Parifhes and Perfons, or fuch of them, and in fuch Proportions as the Caid Juftices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter-Seflions (ball award and order, or as fuch Courts wherein fuch A&ions, Suits or Proceedings fhall be inflituted fhall adjudge and order, and (hall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

X.	And be it further ena&ed and declared, That all and every the Claufcs, Powers, Dire&ions, Provifions and Authorities con-tained in the faid recited A6ts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and fo much of an A& made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An A8 to continue feveral Laws therein mentioned, for funijh-ing fuch Perfons as Jhall wilfully and malicioufly full down or de-

Jlroy Turnpikes ; for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other IVoris ereSed hy Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and IVeirs upon the River of Thames Wejiward, and for afcert ain't ng the Rates of IVatcr Carriage upon the faid River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrtjls ; and for the better fecuring the lawful Trade of His Majejly's SubjcQs to and from the Eall Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majejly's Suljeds trading thither under Foreign Commiffions ; and for limiting the Time for fuing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Jujiices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner for applying for the fame ; for the better and more fpcedy Execution of Procefs within particular Frauchifes or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Jujiices of the Pence of Counties touching County Rates, to the Jujiices of the Peace J fuch Liberties and Franch fes as have Conmijfxons of the Peace within themfelves, as relates to County Rates (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered), fhall be good, valid and cf-e£lual for carrying this A& into Execution.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That all the Cofts,

7	Charges

Google

4*7.

Charges and Expenses of obtaining this Aft, and of carrying the feveral Powers and Purpofes thereof into Execution, fhall be borne and paid by the faid County of Cumberland by, from and out of the

Rates to be made in purfuance of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful IWt for Jid for the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County, or the major Part tlccs n>bom> of them, at any General or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace to be Money, holden in and for the faid County, or at any Adjournment thereof aflembled, to borrow and take .up at Interefl fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they fhall think fit for the Purpofe of carrying the (aid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, upon'the Credit of the Rates ariiing by virtue of this Aft, from the Whole of the faid County, or from any Ward or Divifion thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals or the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them prefent at fuch General or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof as aforefaid, to aflign over the faid Rates (the Charges of fuch Mortgages or Afflgnments to be paid out of the faid Rates) to any Perfon or Perfons as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the feveral Sums refpeftively which (hall be borrowed, with the Interefl thereof; which Afugnment fhall be in the Words or to the Effeft following; that is to fay,

4 v’rtue an Aft Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year Form of 4 of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled. An A3 Affigument. 4 \Jsere fet forth the Title of this A8~\ we

4	of His Majefty'g Juflices of the Peace in and for the County

4 of Cumberland, prefent at the General Quarter-Seflions of the 4 Peace holden at	in	and	for	the

4 laid County, on	the	Day	of

4	in conflderation of the Sum of

4	to	the	'Preafurcr of the faid County in hand paid

4 by	do	hereby grant, bargain, fell and

4 demife unto the faid	Executors,	Ad-

•	mtniftrators and Affigns, the Rates arifing by virtue of the faid Aft

•	from the faid County [or, from the Ward or Divifion of

4	in	the	faid County] to be had and holden from the

*	Day of	until	the	faid	Sum	of

*	with lawful Interefl for the fame fhall be

4 repaid and fatisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this 4	Day	of ,	in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages or Aflignments fhall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, and all Mortgages or Alignments which fhall be made in Manner and Form aforelaid, fhall be good, valid and effeftual to all Intents ar.d Purpofes; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages or Aflignments fhall be 'made as aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from time to time, by Writing under their refpeftive Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interelt or Benefit in and to the faid Security, and the Principal and Interefl thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whoinfoever, by Indorfement on the Back of fuch Security in the Prefence of One credible Witnefs; which Transfer ihall be iu the Words or to the Effeft following; that is to fay,

50 Oeo. III.

E e

• I Do

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

Form of	* T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all Principal and Intereft

Timnsfei*	« now due thereon, unto	Executors,	Admiiiiftra-

4 tors and Afligns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal this 1 t)ay of

All which Transfers (hall be produced and certified to the faid Clerk of the Peace within One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, who (hall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates and Names of the Parties and Sums of Money fpecified therein in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, for which the faid Clerk of the Peace (hall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and after fuch Entry made, every fuch Transfer (hall entitle the refpe&ive Aflignees or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every fuch Aflignae (hall and may in like manner afiign and transfer again, and fo to/irs quoties ; and it (hall not be in the Power of any Perfon making fuch Aflign-inent or Transfer, afterwards to make void, releafe or difeharge the fame Security, or any Money thereon due, or any Part thereof; and. all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Afiignments or Transfers (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall be in proportion to the Sums therein refpedlively mentioned Creditors on fuch Rates in equal Degree one with another, and (hall have no Preference in refpeft to the Priority of advancing any fuch Monie?, or the Dates of fuch Mortgages or Afiignments.

Mortgagees to	XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons to whom fuch

bt: Creditors in	Mortgages or Afiignments (hall be made (hall be, in proportion to

ancUo^be^Wl	^um	°r ^um8 l^ere*n refpe&ivcly mentioned, Creditors on the

off iiTFourteen	^ate8 and Afleffments fo to be mortgaged as aforefaid, in equal

degree one with another, and (hall not have any Preference with refpe6t to the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or of the Dates of their refpe&ive Mortgages in refpe& to the Payment qf the Intereft. thereof; and that the Principal thereof (hall be paid in fuch Courfe and Order, according to Dates, Numbers or Advances, as the faid Jufiices, or any Three of them, (hall, from time to time, direft and appoint, but fo that the whole Money to be fecured upon the Credit of fuch Rates and Afleffments (hall or may be dif-charged within Fourteen Years from the time of pafiing this Adt. Noth * «>f paying XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the off S*curiti« Treafurer of the faid County do and (hall give Notice by Advertisement in the Carliflc Chromclcy or fome other Publick Newfpaper ufually circulated within the faid County, of the Intention of the faid Juftices to pay. off the Principal of all or any of the faid Securi-ties, fpecifying the time when and what Securities are intended to be paid off, at lead Three Calendar Months before the time of fuch intended Payment, and that from the time fpecitied in fuch Notice all Intereft upon fuch Securities refpc&ively (hall ceafe and be at an End ; and the Principal thereof, together with the Intereft due up to that Period, (hall be placed in the Hands of the faid County Treafurer, to be paid to the Owner or Owners of fuch refpedive Securities whenever the fame (hall be demanded.

Intereft paii	XV.	And	be	it	further	enadled,	That	the	Intereft	of the Money

Half-ycwlv. which (hall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforefaid, (hall, from the time the refpe&ive Principal Monies fo to be lent or paid (hall hive

- beei

Digitized by

Google

4*9

A.D.i8io.	50’	GEO. III.	C.u

been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the fcveral Parties entitled thereto.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, in their General or Quartcr-Scflions from time to time affcmbled, to order fuch Allowances and Compenfation to be made to the Confta-bles and other Perfons from, by and out of the Monies to be col-ledled and received under the Provifions of this Adi, as to the faid Juftices (hall appear reafonable, juft and proper.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it furtherena&ed, That no Plain-tiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Adlion to be commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Adi, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode One Calendar Month before fuch Adlion fhall be commenced of fuch intended Adlion, figned by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* Attorney, fpecifyiug the Caufe of fuch Adlion, nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch Adlion if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adlion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adlion, by Leave of the Court where fuch Adlion fhall depend, at any time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order and Judgment fhall be had, made and given in and by fuch Court as in other Adlions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled. That no Adlion or Suit fhall be brought, commenced or profecuted againft any Perfon or Per-foM, for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in purfuance of this Adi, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, or the Caufe of fuch Adlion fhall have arifen ; and every fuch Action (hall be brought and laid in the County of Cumberland, anti not elfewhere; and tne Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adlion or Suit (hall and may plead at Ins, her or their Election this Adi fpecially, or the General Iffue, and give this Adi, and the fpecial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance or by the Authority of this Adi; and if upon the Trial of fuch Adlion or Suit it fhall appear to have bee'11 fb done, or that fuch Adlion or Suit fhall have been brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after fuch Notice fhall have been given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfaclion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then, and in every of the faid Cafes, the Jury fhall find a Verdidt for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes tvhefe a Verdidl (hall be found for any IJefendant or Defendants in fuch Adlions or Suits, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein fhall difeon-tioue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or fhall be nonfuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Coils, and fhall have fuch and the like Remedy for recovering the

E e 2	fame

Power for Juf* licet to nuke Allowance lor Conitablea.

Tender of Amends.

Limitation of A£ti< ns.

Genera! IfTur,

&c.

Treble CofU,

Digitized by Google

rabiick A<a.

92 G. 2. c. 49.

7 G. a. c.83. 29G.U.C. 97.

2S G.3. e. 90.

11 G. 5. c. 28. 6 0. 3. c. 62.

2« G. 3. c. 106. 3* G.tt. c. 133.

fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cofts of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

XIX. And be it further enabled, That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fucb by all Judges, Jullices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. ii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucejler, to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Btjhob's Cleve, in the faid County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evefbam m the County of Worcefler, to the faid Town of Cheltenham. (b)

[i2th March 18io.]

Cap. iii.

An Aft for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge, in the County of Durham, (a)	[12th	March	1810.]

Cap. iv.

An Aft for erecting a Judiciary and County Hall and other Offices for the County of Roxburgh.	[lath	March	i8tc.]

Cap. v.

An Aft for repealing an Aft, made in the Thirty fecond Year of His late Majedy, for better lighting and cleanfmg the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other PafTages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Folgate otherwife Norton Folley, in the County of Middlefex, which is Extra-parochial, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief ana Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[12th	March	181®.]

Cap. vi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers ofTwo Afts of His prc* fent Majedy, for repairing the Road from Shaddon Gate near Can lijle to Mulaftde, and to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck$ in the County of Cumberland. (b)	[lath March	1810.]

Cap. vii.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of Fork, through the Towns of Farm, Stockton and Sedgefield» to the City of Durham in the County of Durham, and for repealing an Aft parted in the Twenty eighth Year of His prefent Majedy for repairing the faid Road, (a)	[12th	March	i8io.j

Cap. viii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts of His late and prefent Majedy, foi re* pairing the feveral Roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid Afts relate to the Road from Doncafier through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcajler Crofs in the County of Fork. («)

. [ 12th- March 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Half additional ToB on Sundays.]

Cap.

Digitized by Google

A'D.iSio*

C. ix—xvi.

jo° GEO. III.

Ail

Cap. ix.

An A A for inclofing Lands in the Town (hip or Hamlet of Chieveleyf in the Manor and Pariih of Chieveley, in the County of Berks. (q. P.)	[21ft	March	1810.]

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. $ 20—28.

Cap. x.

An Aft to continue and amend Three Afts for the Improvement of aoG.3.(I.)c.39. the Port and Harbour of Drogheda• (c)	[21ft	March 1810.] 37G.3(I.)o.56.

48 G. 3. c. cvi.

Cap. xi.

Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His pre- r C.3. 0. r»3. lent Majefty, 10 far as the fame relate to the Road from Buciland MG.a, c. 102. jDm ham to Radford Bridge, and from Mtifomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillip, and from Kilmerfdon to Radjlock in the County of Somerfet. (b)	[ 21II March 181 o. J

Cap. xii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and amending Two Afts pafTed in 29 G. 3. c. 107. the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, 3*G.3. c. 144. for appending the Several Roads therein defcribed, fo far as the faid Afts relate to the Diftrift of Road from Bury to Haflingden, and from thence to Blackburn and Whaliey> all in the County Palatine of Lancrjier; and alfo for making a Branch of Road from Portjield to the Weft End of the Town of Pudiham, in the fame Qounty. (,b)	[21ft March 1810.]

[.Additional Trujlees• Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. xiii.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 10G. 3. c. 10*. ^Powers of Two Afts, pafTed in the Tenth and Twentieth Years aoG.8. c. 94. of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening Several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincolrt. (b).

[21ft March 1810.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted%

Double Tolls on Sun day.2

Cap. xiv.

An Aft for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Titchjield to Cojham, in the County of Southampton, (a)

[21ft March 1810.]

Cap. xv.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 29 G. 3.0.88. Powers of Two Afts, pafTed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third 33 G. 3. c. 179, Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wakfield to Abberford in the County of York. (J)

[21ft March x8lO.]

[Former Tolls repealed\ and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xvi.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Aft 94 G. «. c. made in the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for mak-Ee 3	ing

4,2 2

29 Cr. a. C. 96*

20 G.2. r. I 5.

C, Xxxii.

J r» 3. C. 4/.

j.

7 G 1 Sttf. i.

r. J 1 .■ in jwtv,

repealed § js.

W (!, 9. r 91. 96G.9.C -1 fjg. 42 ti. 9. (U.K.) c. i\x.

*	‘	r xx.

♦4U..J. c. liv.

C.xvi—xxiv.	50° GEO. III.	A.D.i8io.

ing and repairing feveral Roads leading acrofs the County of Stir• ling, (b)	[21ft March l8io«3

[.Appointment ofTruflees repealed. Tolls repealed as therein mentioned, and others granted. Pontage Duties repealed, and new Duties granted.']

Cap. xvii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of White-Jheet Hill, to the IVilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of Wilts. (*)	[21ft	March	1810.]

[Additional Trujltes, Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xviii,

An Aft for repairing the Road leading from the Eynsford Turnpike Road hi the Parifh of Shorcham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Scvcnoaks to Bromley, in the faid County. (b)	[2UI March	1810.3

Cap. xix.

An Aft for better afleffing and collefting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parifh of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof.	[24th	March	1810.]

Cap. xx.

An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts, pafTed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majeily and the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefly, for maintaining the Publick Conduits and other Water Works belonging to the Town of Southampton.

[24th March 1810.3

Cap. xxi.

An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of the Ninth and Thir-tictil Years of His prefent Majefly, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchejlcr, in the County of Dor-Jet. (c)	'	[6th	April	1810.3

Cap. xxii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from Lower Saint Crofs Mill I jane, (on the Road from the City of Winehrjler to the Town of Southampton) te Park Hate, on the Road from Southampton to Gojport, in the County of Southampton, (a) [6th April 1810.3

Cap, xxiii.

An Aft for better paving, lighting, clcanfing and watching the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuifances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Im* . provements in the faid Town.	[6th	April	1810.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellefmere Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the faid Canal from Sherry man9 s Bridge to Cajile Well, in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the feveral Afts for making the laid Canal.	[6th	April	1810.]

Caf.

Cap• xxv.

An Aft for lighting and watching the Town of Bijhop Wearfnouth and Bijbop Wear mouth Panns, for cleanfing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Encroachments therein,	[6th	April 1810.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Eighteenth Year of His pre- uG.il.t. fent Majefty, for paving, clean fing, lighting and watching the '

Town of Dover, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein.	[6th	April	1810.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Aft for paving, lighting, watching and cleanfing the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham ; for removing ’ the Market; for building a Town Hall or Market Houfe; and for otherwife improving the faid Town 5 and for eftablilhing a Watch on the River Wear.	[6th	April	1810.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Aft to revive and continue # the Term and Powers of an Aft * & Years, tfi.J \>aflfed for empowering the Commiflioners for paving, cleanfing and b G* 3* e*13 lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City ana Liberty of Wejlminjler and Parts adjacent, to colieft certain Tolls on Sundays upon the feveral Roads therein mentioned.

[6th April 1810 ]

Cap. xxix.

An Aft for conftrufting a Pier or Harbour at or near the Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth.	[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxx.

An Aft for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

[6th April 1S10.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft, of the 9G.8.c.i04.pr. Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for embanking, draining and preferving certain Low Grounds in the Parifh of Laneham, and other Parifhes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham.	[6th April 1810.]

Cop. xxxii.

An Aft to alter and explain an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year 47 G. n. FtfiT. 1, of His prefent Majefty, to enable the Provident Inftitution to fue *•*»**• in the Name of their Managing Direftor, and to enrol Annuities.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Twenty fi-th Year of His a6G.3.«.109» prefent Majefty’s Reign, for incofporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society.	[6th	April 1810.3

[,Former Duties to cedfcy and new Duty granted

E e 4	Cap	•

A'<D.i8io«

14 G. 2. c. 31. 2 <;. 3. c. 7»* 25} G. 3.c. 98.

7 G. 3. C. 104. 28 G. 3. c. 94.

28 0.2. C. 59. 21 G. 3. c. 99. 36 G.3. c. 137 43 G. a. c. H. jepcaled.

13 G. 3. c. 34,

*J*aled.

lOG.a.c.^nr

Cap. xxxiv.

An Aft for continuing and amending Three Alts, pa fled in tho Fourteenth Year Qf His late Majelly, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty, fofar as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncajler in the County of York, to SaU ter9* Brook in the County of Chrfter. (b) [6th April 1810.3

[Additional Trujlees, Former Tolls repealed9 and new Tolls granted.]

Cap, xxxy.

An Aft to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts, of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Marchvj'itU in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Wortheulurj and Hanmer, in the County of Flinty to a certain Houfe therein mentioned in the Parifli of Whitchurch^ in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforefaid to Malpos, in the County of Chejler$ and from Rcdbrook to Hampton, in the County of Salop; (a)	[6th April iSto.j

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xx*vi.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from the Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colney in the County Palatine of Lancajler; and for continuing the fame Road through Glalburn and Silfden to Addingham and Cocking Endt in the Well Riding of the County of York, (a)	[6th April i8io.|J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Eajt Marlham% in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.)	[6th April i8.to.^

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. §21.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Aft to repeal *n Aft made in the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefly, for paving, lighting and cleanfing the Town of Brighthelmftone, in the County of Sujftx, and removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein ; for regulating the Market 5 for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coafl fafe and commodious $ for landing Coal and Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Meafures, and building a Towa Hall.	*[^8th^r»/i8io.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Wenfum, in the City of Norwich, to the Hamlet of Tborp?> in the County of the faic\ City,	[iftth April 1810.]

Cap. xl.

'• An Aft for paving and otherwife improving (he Streets and other Publick PalTages within the Town of Ponttfra8% in the County of 7Vif for better fupplying (aid Town with W*ter, an4

f°r

Digitized by

Google

A»Dfitio*

50° GEO, III,

C. xl—xlvitf.



for altering and amending an Aft, patted in the Twentieth Year of

• His prefent Maj^fty, intituled, in Ad for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Putpofes theroin mentioned.	[ 18tli April 18lO. ]

(7/7p. xli.

An Aft for watching, and more effeftwally lighting, cleanfing and SeeasG.a.e.ay, otherwise improving the Town of Kingjlon upon Hull, and the	c.	70.

Liberty of Trippett and the Lordfhip or Precinft of Mylon, in *^ the Parifh of the Holy Trinity, in the laid Town ; aud for prevent- 24 *’ ing Nuifances therein ; and alfo for preventing Fraud* and Im-pofitions in the Quality, Meafure and Cairiage of Coals fold in the laid Town and the Neighbourhood thereof. [18th April 1810.3

Cap. xlii.

An Aft for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and other-wife improving the Town of Lowefloft, in the County of Suffolk.

[ 18th April 181 o.J

Cap. xliii.

An Aft for providing an Additional Burial Ground for the Parifh of Sainf Luke, Chclfea, in the County of M'tddlrfcx.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xliv.

An Aft for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of Pad- SeecsG.a.r.74« dington in the County of Middlefex.	[18th	April	1810.j

Cap. xlv.

An Aft: for better attefling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint Georgt the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the Coipity of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

Capf xlvi.

An Aft for improving the Upper End of the Barrier Bank, on the g. 2. r. 11. North Side of the IVaJh of the Hundred Feet River, ip the IJle of 32 G. a. c. 13. Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon. ■	»G.a.c.6j.

•	*	[.Sth^W/jRio.] nG.a.c.o.,.

u	J	46 G. 3. c. xcvi.

Cap. xlvii.

An Aft for improving tlie Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Salter's Lode and Welche's Dam Bridge, in the IJle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.	£i8th	April	1810.3

Cap. xlviii.

An A& for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of an 45 G. 3. c. bcd& Aft, patted in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parifli of Rununey in the County of Monmouth, and the Parifh of Roath in the County of Glamorgan.

[18th April 1810.]

TFormyr Tolls repealed, quid new Tolls granted. Double Tolls orr

Sunday.3

Cap*

Digitized by v^ooQle

a*G. J. c. 9.

14 G. 3 C. 115 i)6 G. 3. c. 130.

02 C.3. c. 39.

Letters Patent, 1 3th Jan.

40 G. 3.

Cap. xlix.

An A A to continue and amend Three Ads palled in the Twenty fecond Year of His late Majefty, and the Fourteenth and Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Ncwcajllc upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional Branches of Road communicating therewith. (b)

[18th April 1810.]

[.Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap 1.

An Ad to amend an Ad paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over tthe River South EJk, at or near Montrofe.	[18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe, and new Tolls granted.2

Cap• li.

An Ad for enlarging the Powers granted by His Majefty to the Royal Inftitution of Great Britain, and for extending and more effedually promoting the Objeds thereof. [18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of January, in the Fortieth .Year of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign ; after reciting that fevera! of Hi9 Majefty’s Subjects were defirous of forming a Publick Inftitution for diffuling the Knowledge and facilitating the General Introdudion of Uleful Mechanical Inventions and Improvements, and for leaching by Courfes of Philufophical Lectures and Experiments, the Applications of Science to the common Purpofes of Life, His Majefty did give and grant that George Earl of IVittchelfca and Nottingham and feveral other Perfons therein named, and fuch other Perfons as (hould be from time to time eleded in manner thereinafter direded, and their Succeffors, fhould for ever thereafter be by virtue thereof one Body Politick by the Name of " The Proprietors of the Royal Inftitution of Great Britain and by the fame Name have perpetual Succellion, and for ever thereafter have Power to purchale, receive and po&ft any Goods and Chattels whatfoever, and (notwithHanding the Statute of Mortmain) to purchafe, hold and enjoy to them and their Succeffors, any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever, not exceeding at the time or times of purchafing thereof refpedively the yearly Value, at a Rack Rent, of Two thoufand Pounds in the Whole; and His Majefty’s further Will and Plea-fure was, that in cafe any Proprietor of the faid Inftitution fhould be defirous of parting with his Right and Intereft therein, and fhould in Writing notify the fame to the Committed of Managers, to be appointed as therein is mentioned, then it fhould be lawful for the laid Managers to ele&, in the Room of fuch Proprietor, a Perfon nominated by fuch Proprietor, and then the Right and Intereft of fuch Proprietor fhould determine, and thenceforth become vefted in fuch Perfon fo eleded ; and alfo, that in cafe of the Death of any Proprietor, it fhould be lawful for his or her Executors or Aaminiftrators to nominate a Perfon to be admitted or ballotted for as a Proprietor in the Right of the Proprietor fo 4	*	dying,

Digitized by Google

AX>.i8io.

4*7

50° GEO. III.	C.	li.

4 dying, fubjeft to fuch Reftri&ions and Regulations as are therein

•	contained: And whereas the Proprietors of the faid Inltitution 4 have, at a very confiderable Expence, purchafed and provided a 4 large and commodious Houfe and Buildings fituate in Albemarle 4 Street, in the Parifli of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the 4 County of Middlefex, for the Purpofes of the faid Inllitution, and 4 have formed a Mineral Colle&ion of Britifb Specimens fciciitifically 4 arranged, and extenfive and valuable Libraries; and alio have 4 ere^led and furnilhed a fpacious and ufeful Laboratory, in which

• are made Experiments and Inveftigations important in a very high 4 Degree to the Improvement of Chemical Science, and to its Ap* 4 plication to Arts and Manufactures in this Country; and in the 4 Courfe of which, Difcoveries have been made highly honourable 4 to this Age and the Britifb Nation : And whereas the increafed 4 Scale of Expenditure which has neceflarily attended the increafed 4 Scale of the Eftablilhment having far exceeded the Funds of the 4 faid Inllitution, the Managers have lately laid a State of their 4 Concerns before a General Meeting of the Proprietors, at which 4 it was unanimoufly determined, that the National Objedts to which 4 the Royal Inllitution is now applied, fhould not be abandoned 4 on account of any Sacrifice of Property which may be required 4 on their Part, but with a View to attract the Intereft of Scien-4 tific and Publick Charadfers in its Favour, and to induce them to 4 form an adlive Co-operation for its Support, that Meafures fliould 4 be taken to form on its Balls a Publick National and Permanent 4 Eftablilhment devoted to the Cultivation of pradlical Science, and

•	to the Promotion of every Improvement in Agriculture, Manu-4 failures and the Arts: And whereas the Saleable and Hereditary 4 Right in the Shares and Property of the faid Inllitution, have opc-. 4 rated as Impediments to that general Interell and Co-operation 4 which appear to he efiential to fuch a Publick National and Per-4 vnanent Ellablifiiment as aforefaid, and therefore a General Meet-4 ing of the Proprietors have agreed, that fuch Saleable and Here-4 ditary Right (hall be entirely done away, and that every Pro-4 prietor who fhall relinquifh and give up his or her Saleable and 4 Hereditary Share and Property in the faid Inllitution, (hall be-4 come a Life Member thereof only; and as a Compenfnion for 4 fuch his or her Saleable and Hereditary Right as aforefaid, fhall 4 have the Power of nominating, by Writing under his Hand, or by 4 his Will, any Perfon being his Wife or Child, or other Relation 4 in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subfcriber to 4 the laid Inllitution ; and in the mean time and until fuch Nomina-4 tion, every Life Member (hall have the Power of admitting One 4 Perfon to the Ledlure*, Collec tions, Libraries and Reading Rooms,

4 whenever he himfelf (hall perfonally attend: And whereas an Ap-4 praifed Valuation has been lately made, by Ikilful Perfons, of the 4 Property and Effects of the faid Inllitution, in order to afeertain

4 the Value of each Proprietor's Share therein, which appears by 4 fuch Valuation to amount to the Sum of Forty two Pounds and 4 Ten Pence, or thereabouts, being the Value of each Proprietor's 4 Share; and it has been agreed by the Proprietors prefent at a Spe-4 cial General Meeting convened in the manner dire&ed by the Bye-4 Laws of the faid Inllitution, that in cafe any Proprietor lhall not 4 confect to become a Life Member of the faid Inllitution, then,

4 and

Digitized by

Google

423

C. It.

50° GEO. III.

A-D.it 10.







£)





■





JJ

1 and in fuch Cafe, as a Com pen fat ion for fuch his or her H ere-1 ditary and Saleable Share or Property as aforefaid, fuch Proprietor 1 (hall receive the pecuniary Compensation of Forty two Pounds and 1 Ten Pence, or at his or her Option fuch Sum of Money as hall 1 be afcertained by a Jury to be the Value of fuch his br her Share 4 or Property as hereinafter is provided or mentioned : And whtTcas 1 by the, faid Letters Patent, and by the Bye-Laws made in par-1 fuance thereof, the Affairs and Concerns of the faid Inftitition ‘ are dircdled and governed by a Committee of Managers, coufift-4 ing of the Prelident, Fifteen Managers, and the Secretary; and 4 the faid Iuilitution is from time to time infpe&ed and examined 4 by a Corpmittee of Vifitors, confiding of the Treafurer and Fif-4 teen Vifitors, the Members of the fajd Committees being cl offn 4 by and from ^raong the Proprietors of the faid Inftitution, and 4 the Prefident, Treafurer, Secretary, and One Third of the Ma-4 nagers* and One Third of the Vifitors, having been renewed or • chofen annnally on the Firft Day of May, or when that Day has 4 fallen on a Sunday, on the next Day: And whereas it is deemed 4 expedient, that all the faid Managers and Vifitors fhould be re-4 newed or chofen annually, and that the greater Number of fuch 4 Managers and Vifitors refpeftively fhall be Members of the faid 4 Inftitution, who have not .been Managers or Vifitors during the 4 preceding Year: And whereas by the faid Letters Patent the 4 Power of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws for the Regu-4 lation of the faid Inftitution is veiled in the faid Managers, with 4 the Confent of the faid Vifitors, and the Confirmation of the faid 4 Proprietors at large; and the Power of electing the Proprietor* 4 or Members of the faid Inftitution, and the Honorary Members of 4 the faid Inftitution is alfa veiled in the faid Managers: And 4 whereas it is deemed expedient that the faid Powers of making, 4 altering and repealing Bye-Laws, and of eledling the Members and 4 Honorary Members of the faid Inftitution, ihould be veiled in the 4 Members at large, fuhjcdt to the Reilriclions hereinafter rtven-4 tioned : And whereas tlic faid feveral Purpofes cannot be carried 4 into Efteft without the Aid of Parliament:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be cnadted, and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflt-mbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That -	‘	“	------	..... .........

No Member or Proprietor to

from and after the palling of this Adi, the Objedls of the faid Body Politick, and the Powers veiled in them by the faid Charter, and this Adi refpedlivcly, lhall be extended and applied to the Promotion of Chemical Science by Experiments and Ledlures for im-proving Arts and Manufadlures, to difeovering the Ufes of the Mineral and other Natural Produdlions of this Country, and to the DifFufion and Extenfion of ufeful Knowledge in general; and that the Name of 44 The Proprietors of the Royal Inftitution of Great 44 Britain,” by the faid Charter diredted to be qfed, (hall ceafe and be difeontinuea; and that in lieu thereof the Name of the laid Body Politick lhall be 44 The Members of the Royal Inftitution of Great 44 Britainwhich lad mentioned Name lhall be as valid and effeduaJ for all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been originally comprized in the faid Charter.

11. Aud be it further cnafted. That from and after the pafling of

tius

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8id'

50° GEO. lit.

CM.

this Ad, no Member or Proprietor of the faid Inilitution (hitl have any further or greater Share, Right or Intcieft therein, than for and during the Term of his natural Life; and that the faid Claufet in the faid Letters Patent, whereby it is declared, that in cafe any Proprietor of the faid Inflitution (hall be defirous of parting with his Right and Intereft in the Property thereof, and (hall notify the fame, then it (hall be lawful for the Managers to eled in the Room of fuch Proprietor, a Perfon to be nominated by fucli Proprietor $ and that in cafe of the Death of any Proprietor, it (hall be lawful for his or her Executors or Adminiflrators to nominate a Perfon to be ballotted for or admitted in the Room of fuch deceafed Proprietor, who, if a lawfully born Child of fuch deceafed Proprietor, (hall be admitted as a Proprietor; but if other than a lawfully born Child of fuch deceafed Proprietor (hall be ballotted for Eledion as a Proprietor, (hall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes what-foever.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That each and every Proprietor or Member who (hall be willing to give up and re-ltnqmfh his or her Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the faia Inflitution in confideration of fuch Power and Privileges as are next hereinafter mentioned, (hall iR fuch Form as (hall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the faid Inilitution, have the Power of nominating by Writing under his or her Hand, or by his or her. Will, or any Codicil thereto attefted by Two or more Wituefles, one Perfon, being bis Wife or Child> or other Relation in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to the faid Inflitution; and in the mean time and until fuch Nomination, each and every fuch Proprietor or Member (hall have the Privilege of admitting One Perfon to the Ledures, Coliedlion, Libraries and Reading Rooms, whenever he or (he (hall perfonally attend, but not other wile.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any Proprietor or Member, or the Truftee of any Proprietor or Member, or the Executors or Adminiflrators of any deceafed Proprietor or Member, (hall, within Three Calendar Months after the palling of this Ad, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, lignify that he, (he or they will not agree to relinquifh and give up his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the faid Inilitution, in confideration of fuch Power and Privilege as lad hereinbefore mentioned; then each and every fuch Proprietor or Member, for the time being; or his or her Truftee, Executors or Adminiftrators, (hall be paid by the Managers of the faid Inilitution, the Sum of Forty two rounds and Ten Pence per Share, as a Corn-pen fat ion for, and in full Satisfadion of, all his, her or their'Share, Right and Intereft in the faid Inilitution, unlefs fuch Proprietor or Member, Truftee, Executor or Adminiftrator, (hall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the palling of this Ad, bring or caufe to be brought any Adion or Adions in one of His Majtfty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmlnfter, againfl the faid Corporation, for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Shares and Property in the faid Inilitution, as fuch Value ftood immediately before the palling of this Ad, which it ihall be lawful for every fuch Proprietor or Member to do and to proceed to Trial therein, in like manner as in other A&jons at Law $ and after Vcrdid had thereupon, the faid Corporation (hall and they

8	are

429

have more than a Lite Intercil.

Members willing to rclirK|uUh their Saleable and Hereditary Property may nominate a Life Member.

Members not willing to re-linquifh their Saleable and Hereditary Property may receive tlie Sum of42l. lOd. per Share, or recover the Value.

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iffio.

Ele&ion of Manors and Vilitors.

Fowrp to lh<- lav. vt-ftcU ill (ifiieral Momhfy M Stings.

El ^ ion of Mrmlxm veiled in tin* Genml Monthly Meeting*.

Time* of General Monthly Meetings.

C. li.	$o°	GEO.	III.

are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch A&ion or A&ious, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be recovered in fuch Action or A & ions as fuch Compeniation as aforefaid; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo paid or tendered, (hall oeafe to be a Proprietor or Member of the faid Corporation, or to have any Share, Property, Right or Intereft therein ; provided that in all Actions where the Verdidfc (hall be given for more than the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, the Cods of Suit (hall be paid by the Defendants; and in all A&ions where the Verdict (hall be given for the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or for anv lei's Sum, the Cofts of Suit (hall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

V.	And be it further enabled. That on the Firfb Day of May, which (hall be id the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and from thenceforth in each and every Year on the Firft Day of May, funlefs when the fame falls on a Sunday, and then on the next Day) the Members of the faid Inftitution prefent at their annual Meeting, (hall then proceed to ele& by Ballot, from and among the Members of the faid Iniiitution (fubjedt neverthelefs to the Bye-Laws of the faid Inftitution refpe&ing the manner and time of fuch Election) not only a Prefident, Treafurer and Secretary, but alio Fifteen or more Managers, and Fifteen or more Vi-fitors in the Room of the Managers or Vifitors of the preceding Year, the major Part of fuch Fifteen or more Managers, and the major Part of fuch Fifteen or more Vifitors, being Members of the faid Inftitution, who have not been Managers or Vifitors in the preceding Year.

VI.	And be it further eria&ed, That from and after the palling of this Adt, no Bye-Laws (hall be made, altered or repealed, except by the Authority of one of the General Monthly Meetings of the Members of the faid Inftitution : Provided that no Bye-Daw, nor the Alteration or Repeal of any Bye-Law, (hall be propofed at aaf Meeting, unlefs Notice of fuch Bye-Law, or of the- Alteration or Repeal of anv fuch Bye-Law, (hall have been {riven in Writing figned by at Jeaft Fifteen Members of the Initjtution, and £rnt round to the faid Members Fourteen Days at lead before fuch General Monthly Meeting.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That from and after the pafiing of this A&, the Power of the faid Managers So tied Proprietors or Members of the faid Inftitution, and Honorary Members of the (aid Inftitution, (hall ceafc and determine, and from thenceforth it (lull be lawful for the Members of the faid Iniiitution, at their General Monthly Meetings from time to time, as well to eledf and chufe by Ballot fuch Perfons to be Members of the faid Inftitution, as (hail have been recommended by Four Members at leaft (in fuch Form at (hall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the faid Inftitution) and (haH hare refpeCtively paid or fecured to be paid to the Funds of the Inftitution, in cafe of their Eledlion, fuch Annual or other Sum as (hall from time to time be fixed for the Qualification of a Member of the faid Inftitution ; as alfo to eledt and chufe by Ballot to be Honorary Members of the faid Inftitution, fuch Brit'tjb Subjeds as are of the Blood Royal, or fuch Foreigners as are of elevated Rank, or dif-tinguifhed for fcientific or literary Attainments.

VIU. And be it further ena&ed, That the Gciieral Monthly

Meetings

Digitized by Google

AD.iSib.

C. li, 1x5,

43*

50° GEO. III.

Meetings of the Royal Inftitution (hail be held on the Firft Monday in the Months of February, March, April, May, June, July, Au-gujl, November and December in every Year, at Two o’clock in the Afternoon precisely, or on fuch other Days and 'rimes, and at fuch other Hour as (hall from time to time be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the faid Inftitution.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful	i»

to and for the Managers of the faid Inftitution (in Writing under Prufeflors. their Hands) to allow fuch Salaries to their Profeffors, Lecturers and Officers, as by fuch Managers fhall be deemed a reafonable Com-penfation for their Duty and Attendance, not with Handing fuch Pro-fefTors, Lecturers or Officers may he Members of the laid Inftitution ; any thing in the faid recited Charter to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

* X.' And whereas the Library of Reference and Mineral Collec-

*	tion have been formed at the Royal Inftitution by Subfcription

*	upon the following Conditions; that each Subfcriber of One

*	hundred Pounds, or upwards, fhould be an Hereditary Patron of

*	the faid Library and Collection ; and that every Subfcriber of Fifty 4 Pounds fhould be a Life Patron of the fame 5 and it is deemed ex-4 pedient, that the Hereditary Rights of the Patrons fhould be abo-4 lifhed and taken away upon a fair CompenfationBe it therefore

enacted, That the Proprietors or Members who have contributed, or Compenfation t* who fhall contribute to the faid Library of Reference and Mineral Hereditary Colledion, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, fhall be Patrons for Life only of the f id Library and Colledion ; and each fuch Patron fhall have Power by Writing to appoint any one other Perfon (being a Life Member of the faid Inftitution) to be a Patron for Life of the faid Library and Colledion.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein IWitofbr

contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice, lefTen	of	Lift

or affed the Rights and Interefts of any Life Subfcriber, or An-

nual Subfcriber, in the faid Inftitution, but the fame fhall be as good, 1 valid and effectual in all refpeds whatfoever, as if this Ad had not been made.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Letters Pa- Letter* Patent

tent, and the Bye-Laws made in purfuance thereof (except fo far as a,ul Hye-biws the fame are altered or made void by this Ad, or as any of the faid	Valid	*

Bye-Laws may be contrary to the faid Letters Parent, or to the lcre vai * Laws of the Realm) are hereby confirmed and made valid in all re-

fpeds, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed Publick A<ft. and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice

of as fuch by ail Judges, Jufticcs and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. Hi.

An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 9G 3. c. 77. feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads 17C.3.C. ill. in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, ana for more effectually repairing, improving and peeping >n Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon, (a)	[18th	April	1810.]

[Additional Truflces. Double Toll* on Sunday.]

Cap. %

43*

C.Iiu—lit.

A.D.I813

Sop GtO. lit

«

7 G 3. c. 96. 2y G.3. c* 85

3 G. 3. c. 26.

24 G. 3. Sell*. 1.

C. lb.

12 G. 3. e. 101. •u G. 3. c. 147.

26 G. 3. c. 126. repealed.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. xv. repealed as tv the Sulk

Dull id.

Cap. liii*

An Ad to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of Two Ad* of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty,

for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborongh, in the County of Kent, to Beggars1 Bujb, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresjicld, in the County of Sufix. (c)	£i8th April i8io.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cup. liv.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads paffed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hit chin, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin aforefaid, all in the County of Hertford. (*■/)	r 18th April 1810.}

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. Iv.

An Ad for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Parifh of Puiborough, in the County of Suffex, to the Road running from Worthing to Horjham, in th** faid County ; and from the faid Road running from Worthing to Horjham to the Dirediou Poft in the Parifli of Steyning, on the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horjham, in the faid County. (b)	[18th April 18io.]

[Double Toll on Sundays.]

Cap• lvi.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wol• verhampton, in the County of Stafford, and feveral other Roads therein deferibed; and for extending the faid Roads from Kings Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Wejlon under Lizard to Newport> in the County of Salop. (b)

[ 18th April 181C ]

Cap. lvii.

An Ad for more effeduallv repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Prejlon, in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (a)	[l8th	April	181c.]

[Additional Half Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lviii.

An Ad for more effeduallv repairing and keeping in Repaifeveral Roads leadiog to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth. (a)	[i8tb April 1810	]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lix.

An Ad for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of Tori, to Mansfield in the County of Nottingham, at or near (down in the

County

C. Hx—Ixviii.

433

5o° GEO. III.

County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Work fop to Kelbam, at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham (3)

[i8th April 1810.]

Cap. lx.

An Aft to amend fo much of an Aft made in the Parliament of «oG.3.(I.)c.14. Ireland, in the Twenty fixlh Year of His prefent Majefly, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Rathdown.

[t8th April 1810 ]

Cep. lxi.

An Aft for amending an Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His pre- 42 G.3. c.cwrR. fent Majefty for repairing the Road from Buekton Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lammerton Hill, and feveral other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Ber-wick upon Tweed. *	[i8th	April 1810.]

Cap. lxii.

An Aft to amend* feveral Aft9 for repairing Roads leading to and *[rmdcontimtc] through the Town of Frame in the County of Somerfet, and for aoti.a. c. as>. paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within the (aid i«G.3. c. 94. Town, and for removing Part of the prefent Market Place in the	i‘17 5'

faidTown. (£)	[i8th	April 1810.]

[Former Tolls rspeeded, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxiii.

An A ft for more effeftually repairing the Road from Hardingftone s Q. 3. c. sa. to Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, (a)	ia G. a. c. 103.

[i8th April 1810.] "P4*1'*1'

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Eling and Fawley, in the Coimty of Southampton, (q. P.)	[i8th	April t8ioi]

Allotment and Compenfation for Tythes. § 16.

Cap. lxv.

An Aft for appointing new Truftees for carrying into Execution the Trull9 and Powers of the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Cabtl Coningejly Earl of EJfex, with Sarah Countefs of EJfex, his Wife, (q. P.)

[18th April v8to.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Aft for inclofing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parifh of Bletchley, in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.)

[i8th April 1810.3

Cap. lxvii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Great Plumflead and Pof wick, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[18th	April 18 lp.J

Cap. Ixviii.

An Aft for paving, lighting, cleanfing and watching the Burgh of [See 49 G. 3.

50 Geo. III.	F	f	Kilmarnock,

Digitized by Google

434

jan.a.

15 ft. 8. 37 G. 8.

<

93 G. 3. 9 G. 3. < 2w G. a. XCJ> . cd,

3

4

C.lxViiir-lX*v. JtP GEO. HI.	AJ}.i8: o;

Kilmarnock^ ind Suburbs therfeof 5 for tegnlatmg the Police : hd Markets g and fbt other Purposes therein Mentioned.

£ 18 th May 181 >. ]

Cap. Ixix.

An Aft for better regulating the Statute Labour within the Goi nty

of Stirling.	[llth	May iSid.]

Cap. Ixx.

e. as. An Aft to amend feveral Afts of the Thirteenth, Thirty lifth c. 4i.	and Thirty feventh Years pf Iiis prefent Majefty, for deepening

c. ioi-	and making more commodious the Harbour of Aberdeen, (a)

filth May i&Kx}

Duties. ]

Cap. Ixxi.

An A ft for providing an additional Burying Ground For the Puri/h of Saint John, Hampfiead, in the County of Middlefex.

[l8tk May lSio.]

Cap. Ixxii.

Art Aft for more efleftually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kmrofs, Perth and Clackmannan. (5)

[i8th May 181:0.]

“ 45	3-.f-	cnii. repealed. 30 G. 3. e. 93.	37	G.	3.	c. 180. and

“ 47 G. 3. SefT. 1. c.'ll. in part repealed.

•	Gap. Ixxiik

r. is. An Aft for mOre effeftually repairing the Roads leading into the c. 1 s. . City of Hertford, and feveral Roads communicating therewith, (a)

* 90.	[18th	May 1810.]

c’ l0S*	[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of IViJbech in the Ifle of EJj> in the County of Gamhridgtf to the Town of Thorney in the fame Ifle and County. (£)

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fourteenth Year of His piefent Majefty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effeftually preventing Mifchiefs by Fire within

*	the Cities of London and Wejlminjler, by permitting Johns* Patent.

Teflera to be ufed in the Covering of Houfes and Buildings within the Places therein mentioned.	£i8th	May 1810^]

c. 78.	* 'ITTHEREAS by an Aft paffed.in the Fourteenth Year of the

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 for the ■* further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party IValls, and for 4 the more ejfcBually preventing Mifchiefs by Fire within the Cities of 4 London and Well minder* and the Liberties thereof \ and other the 4 Parijhes, PreemBs and Places Within the Weekly Bills of Mor-4 tality, the Parijhes of Saint Mary le bon, Paddington, Saint Pan-4 eras, and Saint Luke at CheHea, in the County of Middlefex; and 4 for indemnifying, wider certain Conditions, Braiders and other Per-

4 Jons

Digitized by

Google

A.D.ifio.	50°	GZO.	QL	C.lxxv.	435

*	font agamft the Penalties to which they ere or may he Habit for 4 ere&ng Buildimgi wit hi* the Limits aforefaidi contrary to Law, it

4 was, among ft other things, enafted, That every Flat, Gutter and \ 47. f Roof of every Building of the Firft, Second, Third, Fourth or 4 Fifth Rate or Clafs of Building (defaced in the faid recited Ad)

*	which ihould be built after the Twenty fourth Day of June then 4 la ft, and every Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other 4 Ereftion which (hould be placed in the Flat or Roof of any fuch

*	Buildiog, and every external Part of any Flat, Gutter; Roof,

*	Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn in any Building of the (aid Fir ft,

4 Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Clafs of Building then

*	built, or which ihould at any time after the time aforefaid he ripped 4 or uncovered, ihould be covered with Glafs, Copper, Lead, Tin,

4 Slate, Tile or artificial Stone, except the Doors, Door Frames,

4 Windows and Window Frames of fuch Dormers, Turrets, L«dt-

*	horn Lights Or other Ereftioos: And whereas fince the paling

4 of the laid recited Ad, His Majefty's Letters Patent under the 'Letters Patent,

4 Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at We&minJUr the Twenty ** Bee. i7»o.

4 fccoad Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fix, have been granted to Ambntfe Bowden Johns,

4 for his new-invented Compofition called Johns’ Patent Tefferat com-4 polled of Limeftoae or any other Stone powdered, or Road Stuff,

4 where Stone is made ufe of for repairing of Roads, and other Ar-4 tides of a ftony, fandy or calcareous Nature, with a fufficient 4 Addition of Tar or other Bttumenous Subftances, mixed together 4 by the Application of confiderable Heat and powerful Machinery,

4 and afterwards prefled together and rolled into Sheets by Means 4 of RoHers afting with great Preflfure, to be ufed in the Covering 4 of Buildings: And whereas fuch Compofition has been found ufefvu 4 and (afe for fuch Purpofes, and not liable to catch Fire, to aa to 4 communicate the lame to any adjoining.PremilesAnd whereas it is expedient to allow to be ufed in the Covering of Buddings the laid Compofition called Johns’ Patent Tejera, as well as the feverti Articles mentioned in the (aid Aft of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament _ aflembled, and byrthe Authority of the fame, That from and after TeflVra may be the pafiing of this A A, every Flat, Gutter and Roof of every Build- ufed in covering ing of the laid Fir ft, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Clafs BitiWimw within of Budding, aud of every other Rate or Clafs of Building, and every	of *%Ior'

Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other Ereftion which lhaU x be placed in the Flat or Roof of any fuch Budding, and eveiy external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer and Lasit* horn, in any Building of the faid Firft, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate, or any other Rate or Clafs of Building now built, or which (hall at any time hereafter be built within the feveral Places named in the faid recited Aft, and every Coping, Cornice, Facia* Window-drefEng, Portico, Balcony, Baluftrade, or other external Decoration or Projeftion whatfoever, to any fuch Buildings refpec* tively, and aHo every Frontifpiece to any Building of the laid Firft Rate or any other Rate or Clafs of Building now buflt or hereafter to be built, or to any Addition or Enlargement of any fuch Build-

F f 2	ingj

Digitized by v^ooQle

AD.iSid.

hupmion of

Rkiracmui

SubtUuce.

Ufm» Compofi-tion as T« flcra,

for Teffera per* mittc.l to be ufed b) A&.

Penally.

Prcvifo«

•

JO S: 40 G. 3.

C. XXUU

44 G* 3. C.xlvt*

C. Ixxvj Ixxvi.	50* GEO. HI*

ing, and every covered Way as fhall or tnay hereafter be made to any Buildiug, may be covered with the faid Compofition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera, or any or either of the faid feverai Articles or Materials mentjoned and preferibed in and by the faid recited Aft, and the faid Compofition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera (hall and may be ufed in like manner as if the faid Material or Compofition had been fpecilically named and included in the faid Aft among the Articles enumerated therein to be ufed for covering any fuch Buildings; on each Sheet of which Teffera fo ufed, (hall be damped on the upper Side thereof in legible Charafters the Words, ** Teffera licenfed “ to be ufed by Aft of Parliament.”

II.	And be it further enafted, That the TefTera to be ufed pur-fuant to this Aft (hall not contain a greater Quantity of Tar or other Bitumenous Snbftance, than is fet out and deferibed in the Specification of the faid Compofition called Johns9 Patent Tejfera.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall make ufe of, in the covering of any Flat, Gutter or Roof of any fuch Building, or of any Turret, Dormer, Lanlhorn Light or other Ereftion in the Flat or Roof of any fuch Building, or any external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer or Lanthorrr Light, or of any Coping, Cornice, Facia, Window-drefling, Portico,* BalcOny, Baluftrade or other external Decoration or Projection, or any Frontifpiece to any fuch Building, or any Addition or Enlargement thereto, or any covered Way belonging thereto, any Compofition, Mannfafture or Mixture, as and for the Teffera permitted to be ufed by this Aft, then, and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Cafts of Suit by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of: His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlmtnjler, wherein no Effoin, Proteftion or Wager of Law, or more than Ohe Imparlance fhall be allowed; One Moiety whereof fhall be to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh wherein the Offence was committed, and the other Moiety thereof to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall inform or fue for the fame 5 and every fuch Perfon fhall alfo be fubjeft and liable to all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, Reftriftions and Regulations impofed by the faid recited Aft of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, on Perfons offending againft the faid recited Aft: Provided always, That no Aftion or Profecution fhall be brought or commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any Penally or Forfeiture infiifted or incurred by this Aft, unlefs the fame fhall* be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Forfeiture fhall have been incurred.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxvi.

An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the faid Canal; and for alter? ing and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, paffed in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for making the faid Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto. [(8th May 1810.]

Caf.

C. lxxeii—lxxxir.

50® GEO. in.

f437

Cap. Ixxrii.

An Ad for improving the Barrier Bank on the South Side of * " . Mor'eton'j Leant, between. Tower Houfe and Whitttefey Field, in the IJle of Ely and Couuty of Cambridge.	[18th Jlflay 1810.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Ad to amend and render more effedual Two Ad9 of His late and 30 G*c*36-prefent Maiefty for draining, preferving and inclofing Lands in 34 G^OrC.iot* March, Wimblington and UpwelU in the IJle of Ely aHd County of Cambridge, fo far as the faid Ads relate to the Firft and Second'

Diftrids therein mentioned. *	[18th May 18 to.]<

Cap. lxxix.

An Ad for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors*

Parifhes and Places of North Wejlon, Walton and other Places in the County of Somerfet.	[l8th	May	*810*]

Cap. lxxx.

An Ad for draiuing and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parifti of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[18th May t$lo:]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Ad for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marfhes and Fen Lands called or known by the Napie of The Minfmcre .Lcv'U within the feveral Parifhes of Leiftony with the Hamlet of.&'zr-avelU Theberton, Dunwich, Wefileton and Middleton cum Fordlty9 in the County of Suffolk..	[i8th May	1810.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Ad for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His 43G.3.c.cxxtHu prefent Majefty, intituled, An ARfor the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze in the feud Town.	[	18th	May	1810.J

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Ad for better lighting, watching, cleanfing and repairing the 29 G. 2. r. «r. Highways, and otherwile improving the Hamlet of Ratcliff\ iti	to

the County of Middlefex9 and for repealing an Ad of the Twtfoty ninth Year of His late Majefty relative thereto; and for the better lc Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Hamlet.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxiv.	r	%

An Ad for better paving and lighting, for eftablifhing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Middlefex. '

[18th May 1810.]

M x G. 3. Ml. 3 G. 3. e. 13. 4 G. 3. e. 39. 5 G. 3. c. co. 11 G. 3.

“ c. 22. 30 Q. 3. c. 53. repealed a# to Liberty of the Rolls. $ 16.

t f 3	Cap.

438	C. lxixv—*xcii.	50° GEO. ITT.	A.D.i8i6.

Cap. lxtxv.

17 G. 3. c. 59, An Aft to explain and amend an Aft of tbe Twenty ferenth Year of His pment Majefty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other

Purpofes in the faid Aft mentioned.	[18th	May 1810.]

Cap. IxxxvL ‘

49 G. s.f.cxavi. An Aft for altering and amending an A ft, palled in the la ft Seffion of Parliament, tor widening and altering Oufe Bridge over the River Oufe* and Foft Bridge over the River Fofs* in the City of Toth; for widening, railing and improving certain Streets, Lanes and PalTages leading and near to tne faid Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the faid City.

N	[18th	May	1810.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

Au Aft for maintaining a Bridge acrofs the River Beauley* to be called The Lovat Bridge, in the County of Invenufs.

[lStn May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road partly by an Archway through the Eaft Side of Highgate Hill, communicating with the prefent Turnpike Road from London to Barnet* at UpPer Hollo-evay* in the rarilh of Saint Mary ijlingUm, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, in the Pariffi of Homfey* in tbe County of Middlefex.	[18th	May	1810.]

Cap• lxxxix.

An Aft to enable the Birmingham Life Affurance and Annuity Office „ to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xc.

An Aft to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary.	[18th	May	1810.]

Cap. xci.

An Aft to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of NeweaJUe upon Tyne•	£i8th May 1810.]

Tsars.]

Cap. xcii.

is G. 2. e. if. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 14 G. 2. c. 93,	Powers of feveral Afts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned,

30 G. a. c. 54.	k far u tbc j*ame	the Road from the Red Houfe* near

38 G. 3. c. ioi,	^oncqfler* to the South End of Wahjicld Bridge* and from Wake-

field to PoutefraB, and from thence to We eland* and from Ponte-fraB to Wenthridge* all in the Weft Riding of the County of Tort. •(«)	f	18th May 1810.]

^Additional Trujhet. Former Tolls repealed, and asm Totis granted. J

Cap.

Digitized by CjOOQle

C. XCiH-^nXoili.

439

50° GEO. Ill*

Cap. xciii.

An AA to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 5G*3;C,1°7’ Two A6h, paffed in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of Hie prefent 16 G*3* * 8Q* Majefty, for repairing the .Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warw\ch to the Town of Northampton. (b)

[l$th May 1810.J

Cap. xdv.

An A& for more effe&ually amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Aylefbury, in the County of Buckingham, to Hockliffc, in the County of Bedford. (a)	[18th May 18!©.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xcv.

An A & to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of »» G. 1. c. 6. feveral A6U for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to Warm- * ® G* *• ® ington9 and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of War* q 3‘	80*

wick, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and fo on to the utmoft Limits of the faid County on Edgehill. {b)	[18th May 18IO.]

[Double T*ll on Sunday.]

Cap. xcvi.

An A& for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two 8 G. 3. c.4;. A6ts of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His prefent asG.a.c. 10a. M'ajefty, fp far as the fame relate to the Road from the Townfhlp of Huddersfield, in the Well Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chefier, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mtrfey, called Enter slough Bridge, pn the Confines pf the County of Derby, (c)	[ 18tfi fliay ia|0.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe, and new T9IU granted*']

Cap. xcrii.

An A & for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three A €to of asO.*. c. 31. His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads therein tvG.a. c.96. mentioned, leading to, through apd ftpm toe Town of Monmouth, 33 G*3’c* lfi9‘ and for making a New Piece of Road to * communicate there-with. (£)	[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe, and new Tolls granted. Dwkk Tolls on

Sunday,]

Cap. xcviii.

An A& for continuing and amending an A6t of the Twenty eighth as G, a. «. ios* Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Staple* bar to Lirtgen, and from thence to Willey?* Oak, and from King* foam to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lmgen aforefaid to Wolford, in the County of Hertford, (a)

f 18th May tjtfi]

[Former Tolls to ccgfo, mi new Tolls granted.]

F f 4	Cap.

Digitized by

Google

C. xcix—ciii.

A.D.1810.

50° GEO- III.

Cap. xcix.

An Ad for more effe6hially repairing and improving the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham. (a)	[18th	May 1810.]

£ Double Tolls on Sunday."]

“ 7 G. ». St at. 1. r 2f 15 Cr. a. r. 5. 24 G. 2. c. 32. and 6 G. 3. r. 71.

44 repealed as to the Road from IVendover to Buckingham.

Cap. c.

07 G. 0. * 173. An A& to continue the Term,/ and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of the Thirty feventh Year of His present Majefty, for amending the Road from Briton in the Moors to Blackburn* in the County Palatine of Lancajkr; and for making a Branch of Road from the faid Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to Prejlon ; and another Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hardman %* both in Turton in the faid County, (a)

[18th May 1810.] # [Former Tolls repealed, and ne<w Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday.]

Cap. ci.

33 G. 3. C.155. An A61 to continue and amend an Ad of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in and near the Town of Brewton* and other Roads, in the Counties of Somer/et and Wilts* therein deferibed. (a)	[18th	May 1810.]

[New Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cii.

An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two A&s of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parilh of Mansfield* in the County of Nottingham* to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanjley* in the County of Derby. and from Woolley Moor to the Chejlerfield Turnpike Road at KelJBdge, in the faid County of Derby, (e)	[18th	May 1810. j

[Additional Trttjlecs appointed."]

Cap. ciii.

aG. 3. c. 65. An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 11 G. 3. c.87.	Three Ads* paffed in the Second, Eleventh and Twenty fecond

2	’ 3‘ c*116*	Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from

Blyth Marjh* in the County of Stafford* to the Road from AJhbon to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek* to the !Road above Frogall Bridge*

• and from the fame Road to the faid Road between Blyth Matftt and Thorp at pr near Ruebill Gate, in the County of Stafford, (c)

[i$th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tods on

Sunday.]

Cap.

b G. 3. c. 90. aSG.3. c. 87.



Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io*

C. civ—Cxi.

50®. GEO. hi.

44*

Cup. civ.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 9 G. 3. c. so. Two Afts, patted in the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of Hit prefent 3 0 G. 3. c* J07. Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Botham Houfe, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford. (r)	[18th	May	1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday, ]

Cap. cv.

An Aft for enabling the Truftees of George Earl of Coventry, to cut down and fell Timber on the Eftates devifed to him for Life by the Will of his late Father, deceafed. (q. P.)	[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvi.

An Aft for vetting the legal Fee of certain Eftates devifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Lord Penrhyn, and now veiled in William Norris Efquire, in William Le Blanc and his Heirs, upon the Trufts fubfifting or capable of taking Effeft in the faid Eftates. (q. P.)	[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvii.

An Aft for veiling certain Truft Eftates in the furviving Truftee under the Will of Elizabeth Boddington, deceafed. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.3

Cap. cviii.

An Aft for incorporating ihe Archbifhop of Cafhel, the Bilhop of Leightm and Ferns, the Bilhop of OJfory, and the Dean of OJfory, and their refpeftive Succeftors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called bv the Name of 4 The Truftees of the Alylum * in the City of Kilkenny,* founded by James Switfir Efquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and uieful In Hi tut ion, according to the Provifions of a certain Truft Deed, executed by the faid James Switfir. (q. P.)	[18th May x810.]

Cap. cix.

An A ft for veiling a Meffuage and Preroifes near Liverpool, in the County of Lane after, deviled by the Will of John Sparling Efquire deceafed, in Truftees in truft to fell the fame, and to lav out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates. (q. P.)

[ 18th May 1810.]

Cap. cx.

An Aft to confirm and eftablilh certain Indofures of Lands, within the Parilh of Rojfington, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork ; and alfo to elfcftuate an Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgefles of the Borough of Doncajler, and the Reftor of Rojfington aforefiud. (q. P.)	[18th May 1810.]

Cap. cxi.

An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parilh of Newnton Blojfomvillc otherwife Newton Blofomville, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P.)

[18th May 1810.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 15.

Cap.

Digitized by

C.cxii—cxx

AJDJlit.

44*

$o9 GEO. Ill*

Cap. cxii*

An Aft for allotting Lands in the Pariih of TtBtfeamb otherwtfc Toff, combe, in the County of Sofia. (q.P.)	|_i8th	May	l	iio.]

,	Cap. cxiii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Ttdeniam, Woolaftoai and Lancaut, in the County of Glouerflcr. (q. P.)

[18th May i3io.]

" Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 25.

Cap. cxir.

An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Liberty of derrick Prior, and in the Manor and I'arifh of Newington, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.)	[18th	May	x Bio.J

44 Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 25.

Cap. cxv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of CoeScote, Wclmsy* and Kaefaoarth, in the County of Hertford. (q.P.)

[18th May *8io.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parishes of and Gladdtfry Coba, in the County of Radnor. (q. P.)	[18th	May	1810.]

44 Allotment to His Majeily as Lord of the Manor. §21. 33. Sav.

44 ings to His Majefty. §51, 52.

Cap. eavii.

An Aft for inclofing the Open Fields of Ncwbold Vcrdaa and NewbolJ Heath, in the County of LeiceJIer. (a. P-)

[18th May 1810.3

? Allotment and Compenfation for certain Tithes. § 26, 27. 29*

44 32> 35- Tithes'of ancient Inclofures commuted for. §31.

Cap. cxviii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the parifhes of Enbome, Ham ft cad Marjball, Inkpcn and Kintbury, in the County of Berks, (q. P,)

[18th May 1810J

Cap. cxix.

si G. a. e. 72. An Aft for amending an Aft pafied in the Thirty firft Year of His prefeat Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Lots and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk,	[24th May	1810.]

Cap. cxx.

An Aft for better regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Forfar.	[34th May	1810.]

w 39 G* 3• <• to. as relating to Statute Labour in Forfar repealed.

Cop

V

Digitized by Google

UO.iSio,

C. cxxi—-cxxix,

443

50° GEO. Ill*

Cap. cxxi.

An Ad for more effedually repairing the Roads in the County of Naffer. (I)	[24th	May	1810.]

u 29 G. 3. r. 20. and 34 G. 3. c. 100. repealed as to certain Turnpike M Roads.

Cap. cxxii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Union Cana], in the Parifh of Gumley, in the County of Leieefter, to join the Grand Jun&ion Canal near Long Buckby, in the County of Nor• tbampton ; and for making a Collateral Cut from the faid intended Canal.	[24th	May	1810*3

Cap. cxxiii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucefer, to the Town of Monmouth ; and for making other Railways therein mentioned ip the Counties of Gloucejler and Monmouth. [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Ad for making aid maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the Rieer- Severn, from the Parifh of Newnbam to the Parifh of Arling-bam, in the County of Gloucejler.	[24th	May	1810.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Ad for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South Weft Parts of the Middle Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level.

[24th May 1810.3

C*p. cxxvi.

An Aft forinclofing Lands in the Parifh of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank within the laid Parifh.	[24th	May	1810.3

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. $ 20. 22, &c. No Leafe u of Redorial Allotments without Confent of the King as Patroo •* of the Redory of Leverton. $ 3a.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the ParUh of Leake, in the County of Lincoln ; and for providing for the Repair of the New Sea Bank within the faid Parifh.	[24th May	1810.3

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 20. 22, fee.

Cap. csxviii.

An Ad for amending, enlarging and rendering more effednal an nG.s. e.3S. Ad: puffed ia the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the e&edual draining and preferring of a certain Fen called Caw die Fen, and other Fen Grounds in the IJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge*	[24th May	1810.3

Cap, qxxix.

An Ad for amending and rendering more effedual an Ad of His 41G-*• (**•*•)

prefent

Digitized by (^ooQle

C. cxxix—cxxxv.

AJS.iftio,

444

59°

GEO.

III.

prefent Majefty, for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The Ea/i and Wejl Fens% in the County of Lincoln: and for dividing and inclofing the Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds be-longing to and in certain Parifhes having Right of Common on the faid Fens, and for declaring to what Parifhes fuch Allotments (hall belong.	[24th	May	1810.]

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 19—22.

Cap. cxxx.

43 G. 3. c. cxvii. An Ad to amend and render more effcdual an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for ereding a new Church, to be called Chrift Churchy in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick} and for providing a Maintenance and Refidence for the Mirtifter or perpetual Curate thereof.	[24th	May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Ad for the more equally aflefiing and colleding the Poor Ratei within the Hamlet of Mile Eud Old To<umy in the Parifli of Saint Dunjlan, Stebon Hoath otherwife Stepney, in the Couotr of Middlesex, to alter, enlarge or repair a Workhoufe or Work* houfes of the faid Hamlet, and managing the Concerns thereof.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap.cxxxiu

46 G. 3. c. mix. An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Weft Mid&tfn

* [j60,0001.] Waterworks to raife a further Sum of Money*; and to alrer, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Ad paffed in the Forty fixth Year of lus prefent Majefty, for making the faid Waterworks; and for extending the fame. [24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxixi.

ai G. a. c. 133. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefect Majefty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, through Brat-kley9 to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury. (0

[24th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.—Double Tolls m

Sunday.’]

Cap. cxxxiv.

3oG.3.(T.)c.46. An Ad to amend an Ad, pafied in the Parliament of Ireland, in the repealed, as to Thirtieth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Turnpike Power to divide Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone. .	[24th	May	1810.3

"	[New	Tolls.]

Cap. cxxxv.

9 G. 3. c, so. An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 91 G. 3. «. si. Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Mijefty, tor repairing certain Roads lying in the Counties of Leicefter and Warwick and in the County of the City of Coventry; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick. (c )	[24th	May	1810.]

[Additional Truflees. ]

Cof.

AJ3.X&10*	5°° GEO. III.	C. cxxxvi-—cxliii	4+5

Cap. cxxxvi.

An	far	making and maintaining a Road from a Place called

YJirady in the Parifii of Lanfabon9 in the County of Glamorgan, to f*ontymoil9 near the Town of PontypooU in the County of Mon-moortb9 with a collateral Branch to join the Newport Turnpike Road at Rifca9 in the County of Monmouth; and for building a Bridge at or near Yfirad a fore laid, and another Bridge near Penll-wpyjB, in the County of Monmouth. (b )	[24th May 1810.]

[.Double Tods on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxvii.

An A A for making and maintaining a Road from Brandlefome Mofs Gate* in the Townfiiip of Elton, to the Duke of Tork9% Publick Houfe, in the Townfiiip of Blackburn, and Three feverul Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (a)

[24th May 1810.]

[Double Tods on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An A A to alter and amend an A& pafled in the Forty fifth Year of 45G.3. c.lxxxir. the Reign of His prefen t.Majefty, intituled. An A3 to vejl the fettled Dilates of John Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwa il, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trujlees in TrnJ} to be fold for the Payment of Debts offering the fame9 and his other fettled EJlates ; and after Payment thereof for the Inve/lment of the Refidue of the Monies to arife by Juch Sale9 in the Pur chafe of other Ejraies, to be conveyed to the Ufes of the faid fettled EJlates ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An A& for inclofmg Lands in the Pari(h of Dymerchion, in the County of Flint, (q. P.)	[24th May 1810.]

11 Allotment and Savings to His Majefty, and Bifiiop of St. Afaph

u as Lord of the Manor of Ifterfyn.	§	20.	31.	40.- 42.

Cap. cxl.

An A& for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Parifii of Culham, fn the County of Oxford, (q. P.)	[24th May 1810.]

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 24. Allotment in lfeu

“ of Penfion to Vicar. § 25.

Cap. cxli.

An A& for paving the Footways and Crofs-paths, and lighting, cleanfing and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Publick Paf-fages and Places in the Town and Parifii of Romfey Infra9 arid in the Parifii of Romfey Extraf in the County of Southampton.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlii.

An A A for inclofing, draining and preferving Lands in the Parifii of Tbime in the County of Norfolk.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap.

Digitized by Google

44<*

C. cxliii—cK

A.D.181C*.

QG.-O c. 30. JV.

493 3.c clxxxiii.

35 G. 3. C. 53. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. lxviii.

11 G. 3. c. 46. 33 G.a.c.83. repealed.

50° GEO. XII.

Cap. cxliii.

n Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Ninth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, for the more effeftual drain-ing and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Wimhlington, in tlie Parifh of Doddington, and in the Pan(h of Chatteris, in the IJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, fo far as the (aid Aft relates to the Lands in the Second Dif-llrift therein deferibed.	[id	Jtme	1810.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Aft for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Aft pafTed in the Lit Seffiou of Parliament, relating to, the Execution of the Cominiflioii of Sewers for the Limits from Eafi Moulfey in Surrey, to Ravenjbornc in Kent. [2d June 18io ]

Cap. cxlv.

An Aft for repairing or rebuilding the Parifh Church of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chyle*, and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Ufe of the faid Parifli.	[2d	June	1810	]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Aft for better and more effeftually paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and otherwife improving the Streets, Ways and other Publick Paffages and Places in the City and County of the City of Exeter.	[2d	June	1810.]

“ 1 G. 3* c. 28. repealed. 46 G. 3. r. xxxix. (fave as to ceafing of

“ fpecial Obligations to repair,) repealed.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Aft for forming, paving, and otherwife improving certain Streets, and other Pubhck Paflages and Places, in the Pfirifh of Smti Pancras in the County of MidSefex^ which are or fhall be made upon Ground belonging to Jofeph Lucas Efquire.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlvih.

An Aft to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts, pafkd for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Kiver Thames or Ifis, at or near the Town of Abingdon in the (Sounty of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of IVilts, and alfo certain navigable Cuts therein deferibed. [2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Aft for making more effeftual Provifion for lighting, witch-ing, paving, deanfiug, regulating and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlefex•	[2d June 1810.]

••

Cap. cl.

An Aft for (applying with Water Upper and Lower Hollows, Highbury, Carmonbury, Upper IJlington, and their refpeftive Vicinities,

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

C. cl—civil*.

447

50° GEO. III.

tic*, all in the Parifh of Saint Mary* Jflingtcm, in the County of Middbftx, and ’ for other Purpofes relating thereto*

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. di.

An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money * for carrying into Ex- * [;:,o,ooo1.]. edition the feveral Ads patted for making Wet Docks, Bafons, .Skriy&40U. j. Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se- c. xlyi. curity of Shipping, Commerce aud Revenue, within the Port of 44 £ J

i^Xi.	[2d>n,	.8.0,]

46 C.3. c. liz. 47 C. a. Stff. 3. c. r. 49	3.'

Cap. clii.

An Ad for authorising the Removal of the Infirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the Town of Naas.

[id June i8io.J

Cap. diii.

An Ad for repealing an Ad pafled in the Thirty third Year of His wG.3. c. 144, present Majefty, intituled An AS. for amending* improving and iceping in Repair feveral Roads leading to and from the City of Bath ; and for granting other Powers for more effediially improving the feveral Roads therein deferibed, being in and leading to mod from the faid City, (a)	[id	June	i8io»]

Cap. cliv.

An Ad for more effedually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge^ near the Town of Market Harboroughy and from the Direction Pott in Kingflhorpe, in the County of Northampton, to IVelford Bridge in ihe fame County, (a) [id June 181c.]

« 18 G. 3. c. 111. repealed.

Cap. civ.

An Ad to enable Sir Henry St. John Carevt St. John Mildmay Baronet, to exercife certain Powers of jointuring and charging certain fettled Eftates in the County of EJfex with Portions for younger Children, (q. P.)	[id	Vanr	18x0.]

Cap. dvi.

An Ad for vetting certain fettled Eftates late the Property of Su-fauna Hake deceafed, in Truftees to be fold, and the Money arifing from fuch Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Parties entitled to the faid Eftates. (q. P.)	[id June	i8tO.]

Cap. clvii.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Divifions of Lewknor and Po/l-comb, in the Parilh of Lewknor in the Connty of Oxford. (q. P.J

[2d June 18x0.J

V Allotment and Corapenfation for Tithes. § 14, 15.

Cap. dviii.

An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Kidlington in the County •f Oxford.' (q. P.)	[2d	June	1810.J

u Allotment and Compenfoion for Tithes. \ 47. no.

3	Cap.

Digitized by Google

44*

C. clix—clxiii.

A.D.1810.

50° GEO. III.

Cap. disc.

An Aft fair indofing Lands in the Parifhes of Siainton and EdTmgton^ in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.] 44 Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 17, See.

Cap. dx.

An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifh oiF Cheadle% in the County Palatine of Cheflcr. (q. P.)	[2d	June 1810.]

Cap. dxi.

An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Rotbbvry, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)	[2d	June 1810.]

Cap, dxii.

An Aft for indofing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoey and in the Parifh of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. dxiii.

An Aft fot granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be called, 44 The Gas Light and “ Coke Company,” for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and efTential Oil, from Coal, and for other Purpofes relating thereto. •

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and efTential Oil, may be 4 procured from Coal: And whereas the fa:d Inflammable Air, being * conveyed by means of Pipes, maybe fafelv and beneficially ufed, 4 for lighting publick Streets, Squares, Market-Places and large 4 Manufaftories, and for lighting private Houfes; and the Coke * may be beneficially employed as Fuel in private Houfes and Mann-* faftories, and the faid Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniacal * Liquor, and efTential Oil, may be ufed and applied in various ways 4 with great Advantage: And whereas the Introduftion of the faid * Articles into general Ufe would be greatly beneficial to the Publick: 4 Aud whereas the Produftion and beneficial Ufe offuch Articles will * be more completely and fpeedily effefted, if His Majefty fhuuld 4 conftitute and declare, by his Charter, that fuch Perfons as fhould 4 be named therein, and be afterwards duly admitted, for the pur-4 pofe of producing fuch Articles for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhould 4 be one Body Politick and Corporate, under certain Limitations to 4 be preferibed, and that fuch Powers and Authorities fhould be 4 given to fuch Body Politick and Corporate as cannot be granted 4 without the Aid of ParliamentMay it pleafe Your Majefty that it may beenafted; and be it enaftedby the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, His.Mujefly may and by the Authority of the fame, That in cafe His Majefty, by grant« Chaiter to Charter, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, fhali think fat within I’erfbtis admitted Three Years after the palling of this Aft, to declare and grant, that into the G*.	.	fuch

AJ).i8io.	jo° GEO, III.	C»	chili.

foch and fo many Perfons as (hall be named therein, and all and every loch other Perfon and Perfons as from time to time (hall be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, (hall be a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of “ The Gas Light and Coke Company,’* to continue for and during the Period of Twenty one Years from the time of granting fuch Charter, and to declare that the faid Corporation, fo to be made and created, (hall be eftabliihed for the Purpofe of producing Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and eflential Oil from Coal; fuch Corporation (hall have Power to make Contrafts with any Commiflioners or Directors, or Truftees, having the Controul, Direftion or Management of the lighting of any of the Pariflics, or extra-parochial Places with-_ in the Cities of London or Wejiminjlery or the Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties or rrecinfts thereof refpeftivcly, or any Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, willing and defirous of contracting with the faid Corporation for the lighting of any fuch Parifnes or Places, or any Streets, Squares, publick Market Places or Manufactories or pri-Tate Houfes, or Places of .publick Exhibition within the faid Parifhcs, or extraparochiai Places, fltuate within the faid Cities or Liberties thereof* or Liberties or Precinfts aforefaid ; and to fell and difpofe of fuch Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Aramoniacal Liquor and eflential Oil, and all other Produfts ariflng from Coal, under fuch Conditions, Limitations and Reftrictions, as (hall be expreffed and # contained in fuch Charter, and as are hereinafter exprefled.

II.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Corporation to raife and contribute 3mong themfelves a Capital or Joiut Stock, to be applied and ufed in e(labli(hing and carrying on the Undertaking and Purpofes aforefaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds Sterling, to be fubfcribed in Shares of Fifty Pounds each.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That the faid Corporation (hall not be authorized to exercife any of the Powers granted under this A&, until fuch time as the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds (hall have been fubfcribed.

IV.	And, to the intent that fufficient Provifion of Money may be made for anfwering and paying all juft Demands upon the faid Corporation, and to fumi(h the faid Corporation with Money for its neceflary and lawful Occafions, it is hereby further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That the faid Corporation (hall be obliged by force and virtue of the faid Charter fo to be granted or made as aforefaid, to raife the full Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds within a Period not exceeding Three Years, to be computed from the time the faid Charter of Incorporation (hall be granted.

V.	And be it further crafted. That in the faid Charter for efta-bliftiing the faid Corporation, it (hall be provided, that all and every Perfon or Perfons by or for whom any Subfcription (hall be made or accepted, or any Payment made purfuant to the Orders of any general Court or Courts authorized by the faid Charter to be held by the faid Corporation for that Purpofe, for or towards the railing the faid Capital Joint Stock, as aforefaid, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns refpeftively, (hall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the faid Capital Joint Stock of the faid Corporation, in proportion to the Monies to which he, (he, or they (hall

jo Geo. III.	G	g	have

449

I/igT'.t und Cole Company,

Stoclc not to exceed 200,0001.

100,0001. to

lx; fu!)fcrll>ed before Corporation

Joint Stoclc to he ndfed within Three Yean.

SulTcn1*f* to (hare in Sun k in proportion to SubiVriptiOKi.

Digitized by kjOOQle

C. clxiiu

$e® GEO. HI.

A.D.18I&

Sul»frriV>rn liable t*» Debts of Corporation in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Siork to be tli-vi»lrd into Shares «»f sol. each, l'eifooal Kiiate.

Proprietor* to wte according to Number of Shares*

If T'« o or more IVrfombc joint Proprietors, the tuft named (hall rote.

No Proprietor to vote if interefted*

have fo contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the faid Corporation, and (hall be admitted to be a Member ©r Members of the fame.

VI. Provided alwifys, and It is hereby ena&ed, That the fevera! Members of the faid Corporation (hall refpeftively ftand refponfible and anfwerable for all juft Debts aud Demands of the Creditors of the faid Corporation, to the full Amount of their feveral and refpe&ive Shares in the Capital of the faid Joint Stock, but fhall not be any further, or otherwife liable, either perfonally, or in their feveral and re-fpe&ive Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effects, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contrafts or Agreements, entered into by the faid Corporation, or be fubje& or Cable by reafon of his or their being Members of the faid Corporation, or of any of the A6h of the faid Corporation, to the Statutes refjpeA-ingBankrupts, or any of them.

VIk And be it further enacted, That the faid Sum to be fo fub-feribed (ball be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, and that no Perfon or Perfons fhall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a lefs Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling each ; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the faid Corporation, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, fhall be deemed Perfonal Eftate, fend not of the Nature of Real Eftate, and as fuch Perfonal Eftate fhall be tranfmiffible accordingly;

VIII.	And, to the intent that all Matters and Things touching the Concerns of the faid Body Corporate may be managed and conducted in the moft beneficial manner. Be it further enacted. That in fuch Charter for eftablifhing the faid Corporation, it fhall be provided, that all and every Perfon or Perfons, who fhall have fubferibed for, or become entitled to, and be in the a&aal Pofleflion of Two and more Shares in the faid Undertaking, fhall have a Vote or Votes in refpeft of fuch Shares in the General and Special Meetings of the faid Body Corporate, to be held for carrying on the faid Undertaking, or for any Purpofes relative thereto, in proportion to the Number of Shares Following ; that is to fay, For Two Shares, and lefs than Eour Shares, One Vote; fbr Four Shares, and lefs than Eight Shares, Two Votes; for Eight Shares, and lefs than Sixteen Shares, Three Votes 5 for Sixteen Shares, and lefs than Twenty four Shares, Four Votes; and for Twenty four Shares and upwards. Five Votes; provided that no Perfon fhall be entitled to give any Vote at any fnch Meeting or Meetings, unlefs fuch Perfon fhall be poflefTed or Two Shares at leaft in the faid Joint Stock or Undertaking, and fhall have held fuch Shares for Si* Calendar Months.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the faid Charter for eftablifhing the faid Corporation, it fhall be de*.4ared, That whenever Twa or more Perfons fhall be jointly poflefTed of, or entitled to Two or more Shares in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the faid Body Corporate, and in the Profits and Advantages thereof, fuch Perfons mail be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in refpe& thereof, by the Perfon whofe Name fhall ftand Firfl in the Books of the faid Body Corporate as joint Subfcriber or Proprietor of fnch Shares; and that no Perfon or Perfons fhall vote at any of the Meetings of the faid Body Corporate, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, to be appointed or chofen agreeable to the Du*dk>n of fuch

Charter,

Digitized by Google

C. elifci.

45*

A.D.iBte.	50° G£0. tit;

“Charter, npon any Quefladn or Queftione relating to the Concerns of the (hid Body Corporate, in which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be in *ny ways kiterefted, other than as a Subfcriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of thefaid Stock and Undertaking.

X.	^Andbe it further enafted, That in fuch Charter for eftablifhing fuch Corporation it fhall be provided, that there fhall be from time to time elefted from the Members of the faid Body Corporate, a Governor, a Deputy Governor, and Ten Directors of and in the faid Body Corporate 5 and that no Direftor fhall be a Dealer, either direftly ©r iodireftly, in any one of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the faid Corporation.

XI.	And he k further enabled, That in the faid Charter for efta-tKhfog fuch Corporation, it fhall be provided, that there fhall be held in each Year Two General Meetings of the faid Body Corporate, videlicet, on the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty fixtli Day of December, or within Fourteen Days next after fuch Days tefpeftively, of which feveral Meetings Fourteen Days Notice at the leaft fhall be given by Advertifement in the London Gazette, and in Four or more of the publick Newfpapers publifhed in the City of Ldn~ don, and County of Middlefex, and the Firft General Meeting to be held by virtue of this Aft, fhall be holden on fuch of the faid Days mb fhall firft happen next after the granting of fuch Charter; and that •U fuch Meetings may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as fhall be found expedient, and that the Subfcriber* and Proprietors at fuch General Meetings, or at any other Special Meetings to be called for that Purpofe, of which Twenty one Days Notice ihaU be given in the Gazette, and in Two daily Morning and Two daily Evening Papers, fpecifying the Purpofe for which fuch Special Meeting is called, fhall have Power to eleft Perfons not having lefs than Twenty four Shares in the faid Stock and Undertaking, into the Place or Places of fuch Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors, who fhall have quitted fuch Office or Offices, in purfuancc of utiy Direction to be contained in fuch Charter, and to cleft other Perfons qualified as laft a fore fa id, to fervein the Place of fuch Governor, Deputy Governor and Direftors, whofe Office fhall have ne-ipeftively become vacant by Death, Amotion, Rcfignation, or want ©f Qualification, or otherwise; and that at every fuch Meeting or Meetings, all Queftions (hall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Subfcribers and Proprietors prefent, according to their refpeftive Number of Votes, fuch Votes to be taken by Ballot; and in cafe inch Votes fhall be equal, the Governor for the tfme being, or, in cafe ©f his Abfeace, the Deputy Governor, or in cafe of the Abfence of fuch Deputy Governor, then fuch Perfon as fhall be in the Chair for the time being, fhall have a calling Vote ; and that if any Governor, Deputy Governor or Direftor fo firft to be nominated, or at any time to bectiofen, fhall, during the Continuance of fuch his or their Office •fl aforefaid, by Transfer, Forfeiture, orotherwife, reduce his or their Number of Shares in the faid Stock and Undertaking, below the Number of Twenty four Shares, then, and in every fuch Cafe or Cafes, the Office or Offices of fuch Governor, Deputy Governor and Direftor, fhall inftantly ceafe, determine and become vacant in the fame and like manner as upon the Death or Refignation of fitch Governor, Deputy Governor and Direftors refpeftiveiy ; and that no Member or Members of tjie faid Body Corporate to be chofen Gover-

G g 2	nor.

Dlieflors to be appointed.

Two.CJrnml Meetine* n»be

held in each Year.

How DirrAori fliall be chofeu.

Digitized by Google

45*	C. clxSi.	s°°	GE0-	A-D.f*ia.

nor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors of the faid Body Corporate, (hall be capable of being fo chofen, or of continuing fuch Governor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors as aforefaid, unlefs the (aid Number of Twenty four Shares be entered and continue in the Names of fuch Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director or Directors refpeCtivelyi in the Books of the faid Body Corporate.

DireAontocoti-*	XII. And be it further ena&ed, That in the faid Charter for efta-

Four Year*. *	blilhing fuch Corporation, it (hall be provided, that the faid feveral

Perfons therein to be nominated and appointed the firll Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors a* aforefaid, who (hall not refign, or be removed or become ineligible and unqualified, (hall continue in their refpeCtive Offices for the Space of Four Years, and until others (hall be duly elected into their Places 5 and that all fucceeding Governors, Deputy Governors and Directors, (hall fucceflively be chofen out of the Members of the faid Body Corporate, between the Twenty fourth Day of May, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Governor and Deputy Governor fo chofen as aforefaid, (hail feve-rally and refpectively continue in their feveral and refpeCtive Offices t Sic,	of Governor, f Deputy Governor for the Space of Four Years, and

until others (hall be duly eleCted into their Places; and of the Directors fo to be chofen as aforefaid, Three (hall continue in Office for the Period of One Year, and other Three for the Period of Two Years, and the remaining Four for the Period of Four Years, from their being fo chofen as aforefaid, to be decided by Lot.

Vtoancm m the XIII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That any Va-£Ued up!**° cancy or Vacancies in the Offices of fuch Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors refpeCtively, by Death, Refiguation, Removal, oc becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforefaid, may and (hall be filled up at any Special Meeting or Meetings to be called for that Purpofe in manner aforefaid ; and that the Perfon or Perfons fo to be chofea to fill fuch Vacancy or Vacancies (hall continue in his or their feveral and refpeCtive Office or Offices for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the next fucceeding General EleCtion of Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors.

Dhv&ors audio XIV. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any ritVd to wimiiii- Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Director fo nominated, or who Her an Oath* (hall ^ c^0fen purfuant to the Directions of any fuch Charter, to ad-minifter an Oath as to the Pofleffion of any Share or Shares in the faid .Joint Stock or Undertaking, or as to the Period of the Pofleffion of any fuch Shares,*and alfo as to the Accounts of any Perfon or Perfons in the Employment or Service of the faid Corporation, as a Trea-furer, Secretary, Clerk, or other Officer or Servant of the find Corporation.

Special Meetings XV. And be it further enaCted, That in fuch Charter, foreftablifli-ot the IVoprie ing fuch Corporation, it (hall be provided, that if at any time it (hall ti rsmajbtcou- appear to the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the veD€t'	time being* at any Meeting, or to any Thirty or more of the other

Subfcritiers or Proprietors, who (hall together be Holders of Three hundred Shares at the leaft, to be neceflary or expedient to call afpe-dal Meeting of the Subscribers or Proprietors at large, for the Pur-pofe of taking their Opinion and Determination, upon any Matteror Thing relating to the faid Body Corporate 5 that it (hall be lawful for fuch Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of their own Authority,

Digitized by Google

A.D'i$to»

C. clxilL

453

50° GEO. HI.

thority, or at the RequHition in Writing, to be * figned by fuck Thirty or more other Subfcribers or Proprietors being Holders of at ieaft Three hundred Shares, and which Requilition thali fpecify the Objed of fuch Meeting 5 and in cafe the Governor, Deputy Govern nor and Directors for the time being, (hall refufe or neglcd, for the Space of Fourteen Days, to comply with fuch Requifition, then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall he lawful for the Subfcribers or Proprietors, who (hall have (igned the fame, to call a fpecial Meeting of the Sub-fcribers and Proprietors at large, by Advertifement in the London Gatuttt, and in Four or more of the Newfpapers, pnblidied in the City of London, or County of Mtddltfex, fpecifying the Place where and the Time when fuch Meeting is to be held, the Time not being lets than Twenty one Days after fuch Notice, and the Place fome-where in London or Wcjlminjler ; and like wife fpecify ing in fuch No* face, the Reafon for and Intention of calling fuch fpecial Meeting, and the Subfcribers and Proprietors are hereby authorifed to meet Durfuant to fuch Notice, and take into Confideration the Matter or Matters to be fubmitted to them by the Perfons calling fuch fpecial Meeting, and fpecified in fuch Notice, and the 'Decifion and Deter* mtnation of the Subfcribers and Proprietors prefent at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they (hall have a Right to give refpeding (uch Matter or Matters, (hall be as valid to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made at any General Meeting of the laid Body Corporate as aforefaid.

XVI: And be it further enaded, That in fuch Charter for efta- Meetings of the blifhing fuch Corporation, it (hall be provided, that the Governor, or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three or more of the tlw,? Dire&ors, or any Five of the Dire&ors, if the Governor or Deputy Governor (hall not be prefent, but not lefs, (hall be a fufficient Number to conftitute a Meeting for the Purpofe of executing all fuch Powers and Authorities, as the Whole of the faid Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&orrf for the time being, might have executed, if affembled together; and that all Queftions, Matters and Things which (hall be propofed, difcufled or confidered by them, (hall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Governor,

Deputy Governor, and Dire&ors then prefent; and in cafe of an equal Divifien, the Governor for the time being, or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time being, (hall have the calling Vote ; and that if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the faid Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors, the faid Governor or Deputy Governor, and Three Dire&ors, or Five Dire&ors, (hall not attend, that then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Meeting (hall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then prefent, or if none be prefent, by the principal or Chief Clerk to the faid Body Co •rporate, or fuch other Perlon as (hall attend in his Place.

XVII.	And be it further eaaded. That in fuch Charter for efta- Power ofPiree* blilhing fuch Corporation, it (hall be provided, that the Governor, ton-Deputy Governor and Dire&ors of the faid Body Corporate named in the laid Charter, or to be chofen agreeable to the Diredion therein to be contained, (hall have the Cuftody of the Common Seal of the faid Body Corporate, and (hall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, and to dired the Affairs and Bufinefs of the faid Undertaking, as well ip iffuing, receiving and laying out and dilpofiag

G g 3	of

Digitized by Google

454

C. clxiii.

AJBuffta.

50* G*0. HI.

TreafurPT not to itt’ur Money witlioiit an Ordtr from Director*.

Pivi^emU to fie madcH^f-y curly,

*c.

CrtfU to he made DU SuWeril***.

of all Snips of Money to be iffifed or received^ laid oat, m difpafcJT of# for the Purpofts of the fame, at ia oootra&ing for and puchsf» fog MeiFuagea, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chat***, for the Ufe of the laid Undertaking, and entering into Contracts for the lighting of any fuck Parishes, Places, Streets* Mai'kets, Houfes or Buildings aforefaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in Celling and difo pofmg of all Articles produced from Coal as aforefaid, and ia placing and difplacing Officers, Clerks, Agents and Servants, and making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wife concerning the fame, (object to fuch Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Conftitutions, as fbatt at any time be duly made by the faid Body Corporate, in Refbatat* Controul or Regulations of the Powers and Authorities to ba granted by the faid Charter or Indenture.

. XVIII. And be it further eaa&ed, That in fuch Charter for eft** bliffiing fuch Corporation, it (hall be prodded, that the Treafcrer or Treafurers, or other Officer or Officers of the faid Body Corporate^ ftall not iflue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the faid Body Corporate, without an Order or Orders in Writing, figned by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three otliers at the lead of the Directors prefieot, or by Five Directors ab fome Meeting of the (aid Governor, Deputy Governor and Dice&orsf and that on the Twenty fourth Day of Jume aad the Twenty fixtis Day of Dettmbtr in every Year, or wkbin Fourteen Dart of the fame refpecfively, a Half-yearly Dividend or Dividends (hall be made by the Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors for the time being aforefaid, out of the Inttreft, Profit or Advantages of the faid Stock or Undertaking, at a Meeting or Meetings of the faid Body Corporate, to be held at fuch fevcral Times as iaft aforefaid refpcc* tively, unlefs the Subfcribers and Proprietors of the faid Body Corpo«* rate, ihall at fuch Meeting or Meetings declare otherwife ; and fuch Dividend or Dividends fhall be at and after tbe Rate of fo much id the Hundred upon all and every Sum or Sums of Mooey paid to the faid Body Corporate, by fuch Subfcribers and Proprietors, their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors and Affignt, as the fad Body Corporate fhall think fit at fuch Meeting or Meeting* to appoint and determine 5 provided that no Dividend (ball be declared, made or paid for Twelve Months after the EftabJfftimeot of fuch Corpora* tion: Provided always, that no Dividend fhall be made, whereby the Capital of fuch Company fhall be in any Degree reduced or ia* paired 5 aud that the Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&eri* who fhall make any fuch Dividend, fhaH be perfonalty refponGbte to the Proprietors, and alfo to the Creditors ot the faid Company, (hr any Injury which may arife therefrom,

XIX. And be it further ena&ed, That in the (aid Charter fof eftablithing fuch Corporation, it fhall be provided, that at every General Meeting of the faid Body Corporate, the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, in cofriequence of any Refutation that fhall have been firft paled for fuch Purpose, at any Meeting of fuch Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors for the time being, to have been on that Account* held, fhaH hare full Power and Authority to moke fuch Call or Calls for Money, front the feveral Subfcribers and Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, their Executors, Adnpmfcxtpn, Soccefors aud Affigns, as the faid Got

vcru«r4

Digitized by LjOOQle

^k«D« i8id*

C. clxift.



*o° CEO. III.

vmor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors fhall frftm time to time find

wanting and neceflary for the Purpofes of the Undertaking, fo that

no fuch Call do exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds, for or in refpeft

of any one Share of Fifty Pounds, and fo that no Call or Calls be

made bat at the Difiance of Five Calendar Months at leaii from

each other, and that the Sum or feveral Sums of Money, fo to be

called for, fhall be paid into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid

Body Corporate, to be ifTued and applied by virtue of an Order or

Orders given to him for that Purpole; and that fuch Order or Or*

dcrs fluul be figned by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the

time being and Three of the Directors at leaft prefent, or by Five of

the Dire&ors prefent at foine Meeting of the Governor, Deputy

Governor and Directors duly held, and that the laid feveral Sums

of Money fo called for, fhall be paid at fuch Time and Place, as fhall

be appointed by fuch General Meeting of the faid Body Corporate;

of which Time and Place, One Calendar Month’s Notice at leaft

(hall be given in the London Gazette, ar.d in Four or more of the

faid daily Newfpapers, publifhed in London or Middlefex, or in fuch

other manner as the faid Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors,

fhall at any Meeting diredl and appoint in that behalf; and that if fn Default of

any Perfon or Perfons fhall neglect or refufe to pay his, her or their Payment ofCaitt,

Proportion of the Money fo to be called for, during the Space of to he lor-

Three Calendar Months, next after the Time appointed for Pay* *

ment thereof, then in fuch cafe, fuch Perfon or Perfons, fb negleft*

ing or refuling, fhall abfolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share,

Part and Interefl in the faid Undertaking and Capital Stock, and	'

all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them, on account thereof, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of the faid Corporation ; and that all Shares which fhall or may be fo forfeited, fhall or may be fold at a publick Sale for the naoft Money that can be gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof fhall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the faid Body Corporate ; but that no Advantage fhall be taken of fuch Forfeiture of any Share in the faid Undertaking as aforefaid, until after Twenty one Days Notice fhall be given by the Treafurer or Clerk but Node* firft to the faid Body Corporate, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or ubcgtvw. Notice in Writing left at his, her or their ufual or laft Place of Abode ; nor unleis the fame fhall be declared to be forfeited, at the tirfl Meeting of the Subfcribers and Proprietors, which fhall be held not earlier than Two Months next after the faid Forfeiture fhall happen ; and that every fuch Forfeiture fo to be declared, fhall be an abfolute Indemnification and Diicharge to and for the Sub-feriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors and Afligns fo forfeiting, againfl all Actions, Suits and Profecutions, for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement, between fuch Subfcriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Adminiflrators, Sue-ceflors or Afligns, and the faid Body Corporate with regard to the future earn ing on and Management of the faid Undertaking.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That in the faid Charter for efta- Executors, blifhing fuch Corporation, it fhall be provided, that if any Perfon indemnified in $r Perfons, Subfcriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of P*!*** any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, fhall die hefore Payment (hall have been made by him or her, of the full Svm to be

G g 4	culled

f

Digitized by Google

C. clxiii<

i

A.D.i8io.

456

50® GEO. m.

called for, or in refoe& thereof as aforefaid, without haring made

any fufficient Provinon, by Will or otherwise, how fuch Share or Shares fhall be difpofed of, and how the future Calls in refpedfc thereof (hall be anfwered ; that then, and in fuch Cafe, the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch Proprietor, and the Truftees or Truftee, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Perfon, entitled to the Eftate and Effefts of fuch Subfcriber or Subfcrihera, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be indemnified againft fuch Infant, and all other Perfons whomfoever, for paying any Money which fhall be called for as aforefaid, in refpeA of the Share or Shares of fuch deeeafied Proprietor.

XXI.	And, in order that where the original Subfcriber of Ooe or more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking (hall die, become in-folvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or fhall transfer his Right and intereft to fome other Perfon, and no Regifter fhall have been made of the Transfer thereof, with the Clerk to the faid Corporation, it may not be in the Power of the faid Body Corporate, or any Officer a&ing for the faid Body Corporate, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, tneir Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflorm and Afiigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on fuch Share or Shares, and to maintain any A&ion or Actions againft him, her* or them, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Affigns, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpofe of fafely paying to him, her or them, thfeir Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Afiigns, the Intereft or Dividends to which he, fhe or they may be For afccrtainlng entitled by virtue thereof, Be it further enacted. That in the faid the Proprietor- Charter for eftablifliing fucjt Corporation it fhall be provided, that ^	in	in all the Cafes aforefaid, where the Right and Property in one or

<wtui tsfes. more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking fhall pafs from the original Subfcriber or Subfcrihers, or any Proprietor or Proprietor* thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, by any other legal meant than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner to be ipecified in fuch Charter, an Affidavit fhall be made and lworn to by Two credible Perfons, before one of His Majefty's Jufticea of the Peace, dating the manner in which fuch Share or Shares hath or have pafTed to fuch other Perfon or Perfons, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Affigns, and that fuch Affidavit fhall be tranfmitted to the Clerk to the laid Body Corporate, to the intent that he may enter and regifter the Name or Names of every fuch other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Regifter Book, or Lift of Subfcrihers and Proprietors to the faid Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the faid Clerk; and that ia all or auy of the faid Cafes, it fhall be lawful for the Subfcrihers and Proprietors at any General Meeting, after Three Calendar Months Notice fhall have been given by the faid Treafureror Clerk to the Owners or Perfons claiming by fuch Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTora and Affigns, fhall not have paid his, her/ or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof (hall have been given Three Times, at the Intervals of Ten Days between each Advenifement, in fome Four Newfpaperv circulated in the faid County of Middlefex and City of London, to declare at any General Meeting the fame Share or Shares to be for-

fcitedj

Digitized by kjOOQle

A.D.i8io»

9

C. chili;

457

50° GEO. in,

feked, and that In fuch Cafe the fame (hall be and become forfeited, and be fold and difpofed of in fuch manner as the faid Subfcribers and Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings (hall dire#, or otherwife be* come consolidated in the General Fund of the faid Body Corporate.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in fuch Charter for efta- Shares «ayba bl idling fuch Corporation it (hall be provided, that it (hall be lawful transferred, for the Several Subfcribers and Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and A diems, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they (hall refpe&ively be poi-feffed, and every fuch Transfer (hall be in the Form and to the Effe# following:

« T	do	hereby	affign	and	transfer	to	Focm of Shares.

*	*	his	Executors,	Adminiftrators	and	Affigns	{or	to

4	) and their Succedors, all my Share or

4 Shares {fpetifying the Number), in the Joint Stock and Undertake 4 ing of “ The Gas Light and Coke Company,” and to the net 4 Profit and Advantages thereof, and all my Right, Title and

*	Intereft therein. Witnefs my Hand, this

*	Day of	in	the	Year	#

And that every fuch Transfer (hall be regiftered m the Books of the faid Body Corporate, and a Copy of fuch Regifter, figned by the Clerk or other Officer of the faid Body Corporate, duly authorized thereto, (hall be fufficient Evidence of every fuch Sale and Transfer, and received as fuch in all Difputes and in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that until fuch Transfer (hall be fo regiftered in the Books of the faid Body Corporate as aforefaid, no Purchafer or Purchasers of any Share or Shares aforefaid, their Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Affign9, (hall have any Part or Share in the faid joint Stock and Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor (hall receive any Intereft or Dividend for or in refpe# of fuch Share or Shares fo purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings, as Subscriber or Subfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Undertaking.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Corporation (hall not borrow, or take up by way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than by a Subscription for Shares in Manner and to the Extent hereinbefore dire&ed.

XXIV.	Provided always,* and be it further ena&ed, That in the faid Charter it (hall be provided, that the faid Body Corporate (hall, upon due and reafonable Application made to them for that Purpofe, on the Behalf of any Panm or Pariffies, or Parts of any Pariffi or Pariffies, or extra-parochial Place or Places, within the Cities of London and Wtjlminfter aforefaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precin&s and Liberties of the fame Cities undertake to fumiffi, and (hall fumiffi fuch Pariffi or Pariffies, or fuch Parts of any Pariffi or Pariffies refpe&ively, with a fufficient Supply of Inflammable Air, for the Purpoles of lighting the faid Pariffi or Pariffies, or Part or Parts thereof, with a ftronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than fuch Pariffi or Pariffies, or Part or Parts of Pariffies, could be fupplied with, if lighted jn the ufual manner, during the Exiftence of the Contra# which they |psj enter into with the laid Corporation ; Provided alfo, that nothing

Transfers , to be regillered*

Corporation net to borrow Motley •

Corporation not to light ParUhes beyond Extent of their Capital.

Digitized by

Google

a cixiSk

JLStiSt



In what Cafe ('ontra# with Parilhe* void.

Powm of (applying Air, limited %o London, Weft-aaiufter, &c.

Not to fupply any Houfe out of the Line of lliiu Pipe*

No Macbinevy

for conveying Gaa to Private Hovfaa to bo

fold.

In what Cafe Hit

void.

n



CEO. Itt

thing hetein contained (hill extend to cofhfCl Or teqUire the bid Ba£)r Corporate to expend any1 greater Sam or Sum of Mouey for the Purpofes to be mentioned or exprefied in the bid Charter, than the Members of the faid Corporation (hall be thereby, or by this A& b* authorised to fubferibe or contribute for the Pur poles of the (aid Undertaking, nor to corn rad with any fuch Pari in or Parifhes, or Place or Puces, for a lefs Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the faid Body Corporate.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Con trad or Agreement entered into by any Parifh or Parifhes, or Parts of Panfbca* with the faid Corooration, (hall contain a Ciaufe providing than the (aid Contrail mall be null and void, if at any time the Price charged for Inflammable Air ufed in lighting the Parifh (hall be greater than what at the time (hall be paid for lighting any Part of Loudon, Wejlm 'injlcr or Southwark, with Oil in the ufual manner.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the laid Body Corporate (hall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by* any Ways or Means contract to fupply, or (hall be permitted to fop* ply with fuch Inflammable Air as aforefaid, for the Purpofe afore* laid, any Parifh or Parifhes, or any Part or Parts of Parifhes, that (hall not lie or he fituate within the Cities of London or lVcfhun/Urt or oue of them, or the Borough of Southwark, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Prccin&s of the faid Cities or Borough refpe&ivdy or adjacent thereto.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Body Corpo* rate fhall not, by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, fupply or undertake to fupply aoy Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manufa&ories, publick or private Buildings whatever, with the faid Inflammable Air, for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, except only fuch Houfe or Houfes, Manufa&ories or Buildings, which emu be fupplied from fuch main Pipe or Pipes as fhall be laid down by the faid Body Corporate, for the Purpofes of fupplying any Parifh or Parifhes or Streets, or Part or Parts of any rarifh or Parifhes with fuch Inflammable Air, for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Body Cot* porate fhall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contra& to fell and furnifh, x>r fhall fell or furnifh asy Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Dc* feription whatever, for the Purpofe of conveying, or whereby fuch Inflammable Air as aforefaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manufa&ories, publick or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the faid Charter, it fhall be declared, that if at any time hereafter during the Continuance of the faid Body Corporate, the faid Body Corporate fhall omit, negled or refufe to carry into Effe& and fulfil the Provifioa hereby direded to be inferted in the (aid Charter, that the faid Body Corporate fhall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpofe, on the behalf of any Panm or Parifhes, or Parts of any Parifh or Parifhes, extip-parochial Place or Places, Past or Parts thereof, within the faid Cities of London and Wejiwmnfitr, Borough of Southwark, their Suburbs, Precin&f and Liberties re-fpe&ively, undertake to furnifh fuch Parifh or Parifhes, or fuch Parts, or fuch extraparochial Place and Places rcfpc&irely with a fuffibest

Supply

AJ9«i 9l<»>

5&> QUO. HI,

C.cbn5f>

m

ygppty of hftjftwMa Air far the Purnwfes of lighting the (kid Perm* or Pariflies, or Part or Parts thereof, or fuch extra-parochial Pkee or Places refpe&ively, Part or Parts thereof, with a ftronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price than fuch Parifl* tr Panlhes, or Part or Parts of Parifhes, extra-parochial Place or Places, Part or Parts thereof, (hall have ufually been fupplied with • under the Stipubtiona and to the Extent in the laid Charter to be CXprefied, or (hall in any manner a€t contrary to or in violation of the Provifioa to be inferted m the faid Charters that the faid Body Corporate (hall not under anv Pretence or Pretences, or bv any W aye or Meaas contract to fupply, or fhaU he permitted tp fupply with fuch Inflammable Air as aforefaid, for the Purpofes aforefaid* my Parhh or Pariihes, Part or Parts of Pari (be*, extra-parochial Place or Places, or Part or Parta of fuch extra-parochial Place or Places,; that (hall not lie or be (kuate within the Cities of London and Wtji* rnnflcr> or one of them, or in Parts adjacent to the faid Cities, or within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey^ or (hall in any Manner or Refpedt a& contrary to or in viola* tion of the Provifioa to be made in the faid Charter ; that the faid Body Corporate (hall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, fupply or undertake to fupply any Dwelling Houft Or Houfes, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever with the faid Inflammable Air, for any of the Purpofes iforefaid,

Cxoept only fuch Houfe or Houfes, Manufactories or Buddings, which can be fupplied from fuch Main Pipe or Pipes as (hail be laid down by the faid Body Corporate, for the Purpole of fupplying any Pariflk or Pari/hes, Part or Parts of any Pari(h or Parishes with fuels Inflammable Air for the Purpofe aforefaid, or (hall in any Manner or*

Refpedk a& contrary to or in violatios of the Provtfion to be con* tamed in the (aid Charter; that the faid Body Corporate (hall not; by any Ways or Meant, or under any Pretence or Pretences con-to (ell or furntfh, or (h&H fell and furni(h any Store or Pipe*

0* Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Defcription whatever for the Purpofe, or whereby fuch Inflammable Air as aforefaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings, for the Pttr-ptffe of lighting the feme, it (ha& in any or either of the faid Cafe*

•e kwfiftl for Hie Majefty his Heirs or Sacceflbrs, by any Letters Pateat under tlic Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke and make void tlie faid Corporation, and all the Powers, Privileges, Benefits wd Advantages to be granted to fetch Corporation as aforefaid, and thereupon the fame (half determine and become void accordingly.

XXX. And whereas the faid Inflammable Air or Gas cannot be Power in certain ifod for fighting the publick Streets, Ways or Paflages as aforefaid, Cafe* to,b.rwk unites the feid Air or Gas be coaveved by means of Pipes to be «F SoU wul properly laid for that Purpofe; Be it further enafted, That if at any Stn^s^Stc. for time after the paffing of this A A, any Corhnti&onerti or Truftees, laying or other Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in whom, by any A* or Afts of Parliament, or otherwife, the Care, Superintendence and Controui of lighting the publick Streets, Highways,

Lanes, Pafiaget, or any Part thereof, m the Cities of London and W$*iafiert or within the Town mid B9rough of Southwark^ in the County of Surrey, flto&ld think it fit and convenient to con* ffa& with the faid Body Corporate* or with any other Perfoo or:

Perfons

Digitized by Google

AJJ.ltM.

4<5o

C. cixiti.

jo® GEO. m.

Penalty.

Workmen in laying or repairing Pipes to make good the lavement.

If Contract bt rot duly performed they may be voided on firing Notice,

Perfons whomfoever, to light the pubfick Strtet*, Highways Li or Paffages, or any Part of them, in the Cities, or iWn, «r Borough aforefaid, by Means of fuch Gas as aforefaid; that dae* and in all fuch Cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Body Corporate and their Succeffors, and for fuch other Perfon or Fedocks as aforefaid, and they are hereby fully authorized and eropowetad, with the Approbation and under the Direction of fuch Cotmnsf-fioners or Truftees, by their Servants, Workmen and others, to beak up the Soil and Pavements of any fuch Streets, Ways, Lanes and Paffages, and dig and fink Trenches and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks or Plugs, or Branches from fuch Pipes, in fuch Places as aforefaid, and in fuch manner as (hall be neceffary for the Purpole of carrying this Aft into Execution, or fupplying any fuch Light as aforefaid, and from time to time to alter the Pofition of, and CO repair, relay and maintain fuch Pipes, Stop Cocks and Plugs, md do all fuch other Afts, Matters and Things, as the faid Body Cor* porate and their Succeffdrs, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as atfbre* (aid, (hall, from time to time, think neceffary and convenient for com* pletincr, amending, repairing, improving and ufing the fame.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Workmen employed in laying or repairing any fuch Pipes, (hall fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbifh occasioned thereby as foon as conveniently mav be, and in the mean time guard the Place where any Ground (hall be opened, in fuch manner as to prevent Accidents to Pa&n*

Sers, Cattle and Carriages and as the faid Commiffioners or Truftees tail direft: Provided always, that if there (hall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the (aid Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants, or any fuch other Perfon or Perfons as afore* faid, in filling in any fuch Ground, or removing Rubbiffi, or making good any fucji Pavements or Roach, then, and in every fuch Cafe* the faid Company of Proprietors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo offending refpeftively, (hall, on being thereof lawfully convifted, on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Bi. vifion or Diftrift where the faid Offence (hall be committed, for* foil and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which laid Pe* nalty, if not forthwith paid, (hall be recovered by Diftreft ani Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the faid Company of Preprit* tors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, and which Warrant fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, after the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are dedufted, (hall be paid upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons giving Information thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, That if the faid Body Corporate Ball contraft with any fnch Commiffioners or Truftees as aforefaid, for lighting any Parifli or Place, or Part of any Parifti or Place, and (hall not duly perform fuch Contraft, then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiffioners or Truftees to determine fuch Con-traft, giving Six Months Notice thereof; and then, and in fuch Ctfe, and alio at the Expiration of any fuch Contraft, it (hall be lawful for (he laid ComnulBoners or Truftees cither to purchafc the Pipes

Cocks,

Digitized by Google

AJ}«lE f®»

56* GEO; III.	.	C\ clxIIL	4C1

Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes, and other Materials -belonging to

fcfee laid Body Corporate, and employed in lighting fuch Parim or

9&ce, or Part of a Parifti or Place, at a reafonable Price to be

ffbttled by Two Perfons, one to be named by the faid Commiffionera

«r Tniftees, and the other by the faid Body Corporate 5 and in

ttfe fuch Perfons (hall differ, by a Third Perfon to be named by	-	"

6cH Two Perfons as an Umpire between them, One Month at the

fcaft previous to the Expiration of the Term of fuch Contrad, or

Co the Expiration of fuch Six Months Notice for determining fuch

Contra A, or to remove fuch Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other

Materials, at the Expiration of fuch Contrad or Determination

thereof by fuch Notice, and in the mean time to permit fuch

Commiffioners or Tniftees to lay fuch Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches,

«ad other Articles as (hall be neceffary for the Supply of fuch Parifh or Place, or Part of a Pdrifh or Place, at the Expiration or fooner Determination of fuch Contrad.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That No Pipes of Con^ do Perfon (hall lay, or caufe to be laid, any iron, leaden or other munieation to Pipe, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the faid Body Corporate, or fucb other Perfon or Perfons as afbrefaid, without the

Con Cent of the faid Body Corporate, or the Perfon or Perfons fup-pljring Lights by fuch Pipes, firft had and obtained, on pain of for- Peoahj. letting the Sum of Fifty rounds, and alfo the further Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for evetr Day fuch Pipe (hall fo remain, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place,

Divifion or Diftrid where the faid Offence (hall be committed, and which Warrant fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and the Surplus, after fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are deduded, (hall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or fuch Forfeiture (hall Dot be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Imprifenmeat. Gaol of the faid County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftrid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for fuch time as fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall dired, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges, be fooner paid and iatisfied.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon (hall Dsmqpng wilfully and malicioufiy remove, take away, deftroy, damage or injure b. any or any Part of any Pipe, Poft, Plug, or other Matter or Thing, adually in ufe during the Exiftcnce of any Contrad with any Parim

or Pari(hes, for the Purpofe of fulfilling fuch Contrad, every Perfon £0 offending in any of the refpedive Premifes, and being thereof lawfully convided on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before One or wore Juftice or Juftices for the County, City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftrid where the faid Offences (hall be committed, (hall forfeit Penalty, and pay to the afotefaid Body Corporate and their Succeffors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid. Double the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath, to be done at the Discretion of fuch Juftice or Juftices; fuch Penalty, together with reafonable Cods, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

fuch

6

Digitized by Google '

Appeal.

Provifo for Rights ol Parlor.* to light

Rublick Ad.

C. dxJK*

^6® CEO. IB*



duch Offender, retufruing the Overplus (if day) or fudi Oteritf *AaH and may be committed to the common Gaol of the faid County, -City, Town, Place, Divifion or Diftrid, for any time not exceeding Three Months, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices before -whom fuch Offender (hall be committed.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon or Perfoas thinking himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace, relating to airy Matter or Thing in this Ad mentioned or contained, may within tiix Calendar Months next after fuch Order, Judgment mr Detcrrai-nation (hall have been made or given, (firft giving Fourteen Days Notice of fuch Complaint to the Perfon or iWons aramft whom fudi Complaint is intended to be made) complain to the Juftices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Seffionb to be held in and for the County in which the Caufe of Appeal ffiail arife, who (hall in a fummaiy way either hear and determine the faid Complaint at fuch General Quarter-Seiions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing ttiereof to the next General Quarter-Seffions of the Peace to be held for fuch County, and the faid Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which (ball have been levied in purfuance of fuch Determination, and may alfb order and award fuch further Satisfaction to bd made to the Party injured as they Audi judge readable ; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this Ad (hall be quaffed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wehminfier or elfewherej any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That ns* thing in this Ad contained (hall have the Effe& of depriving say Penan or Perfoas of any Right which he or they at prefent poflefi, or of interfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houfes with Gas Lights, or in m other manner : Provided alfo, that nothing in this Act contained fall extend, or he conftrued to defeat, abridge, alter, obftrud, or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Cota-miffioners or Tru flees for lighting or paving, or of the Comnuffiooen of Sewers, or the New River Company, or any other Company efts-’blWhed for the Supply of Water in or for any of fuch Parifoes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Petfon or Perfons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within fuch Parities or Places: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or he conftrued to prevent any Perfon or Perfoas from proceeding againft the faid Company, or agaiat any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in refoed of any Wofhi of the faid Company, or the Method which (ball be employed by them for furniftiing luch Light as aforefaid, as a publick or print* Nuifance, or from bringing any A&ion againft the hud Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury falsified by reafoo of any fuch Works or Method of lighting, whether fuch injury (hall proceed from the Nature of fuch Method of lighting, or the Careleffnefs or want of Skill of the Perfons employed therm.

XXXVII.	And he it further enaded, That this Ad (hail be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Ad* and foal] be

judicially

Digitized by Google

A.D.i ft* o*	ji°	GEO. IlL*	C.	clxili,	cliift

judicially taken Notice ef as foch by all Jedges 'and JufUccs and odiert) without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. ctxiv.

An A& for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Curfitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner’s Office of the faid Court; and for making Provifion for fuch of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service or from Age or Infirmity, are or (hall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provifion for other Officers of the faid Court; and M making other Payments in refpeft of the faid Offices.

[9th June 1S10.]

4 TTTHEREAS the due Execution of the Office of Examiner of 4 W the High Court of Chancery, by Perfons qualified and com-4 petent to difeharge the important Duties of the faid Office, is of 4 the utmoffi Confequence to the Adminiftration of Juftice, and the 4 Interell of the Suitors of the faid Court: And whereas the faid 4 Office hath heretofore been and is now held for Life; and Doubts

•	are entertained whether there is any where competent Authority 4 to remove the Perfon or Perfons'who now or hereafter may hold

•	the faid Office, if at any time by reafon of Sicknefs, Infirmity, or

*	other Caufe, he or they ffiould be unable or incompetent to dif-4 charge the Duties of the faid Office : And whereas Henry Flit croft 4 Efquire, one of the Perfons holding the faid Office, is now and

*	hath for a confiderable time been a Lunatic Ward of the faid Court

*	of Chancery, and wholly incompetent to the Difeharge of the

*	Duties of the faid Office: And whereas the Perfons who have 4 dilcharged the Duties of the faid Office, have frequently been en-4 gaged in other Employments and Purfuits, whereby Delays, Hin-4 drancee and Impediments, and other Inconveniences have been oc-

*	cafioned to the Suitors of the faid Court, in the Profecution of their

•	Suits therein: And whereas it would be expedient that in future

•	the Bufinefs of the faid Office ffiould be executed by the Perfons 4 holding the fame in their own Perfons, and that they ffiould be 4 exprefsly prohibited from a&ing as Counfcl, Solicitors, Attornies,

*	Clerks in Court or Draftfmen, or as Agents or Clerks to any 4 Perfon a&ing in any of thofe Capacities, or in any other Refpeft 1 or Capacity in any way conne&cd with the faid Court of Chan-4 eery, or any Suit or Matter depending therein, or before the Lord 4 High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commiffioners of the 4 Great Seal, or the faid Court of Chancery ; and that the Bullnefs 4 of the faid Office (hould, as near as may be, be equally divided 4 and go in rotation amongft the Perfons holding the faid Office; 4 and that Witneffes on different Sides of the lame Caufe ffiould be

•	examined by different Examiners; and it is reafonable that Com-

•	penfation ffiould be made to fucli of the prefent Examiners and De-4 puty Examiners as chufe to decline to continue their Service in the 4 laid Office, upon the Conditions and under the Reilrictions hereby 4 intended to be impofed upon them : And whereas the Fees and 4 Emoluments of the faid Office are (regard being had to the great 4 Increafe in the Neceffaries of Life and the Expence of Living) 4 not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble and Importance of their

*	4	Offices

Digitized by

Google

Jfi4 C. chart	fo°	GEO. EL	A.D.1810.

*	Offices and to their Servites $ and it would be for the Benefit of the

•	Suitors of the faid Court, that adequate Provifion (hould be made

•	for the Perfons who (hall be appointed to difeharge the Duties of 4 the faid Office: And whereas the Bufinefs of the Examiner’s 4 Office of the faid Court of Chancery, and alfo of the Clerk of

•	the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag, is carried on in one

•	and the fame Building, in the Rolls Yard in the Liberty of the

•	Rolls, in the County of Middlefex, and the fame is out of Repair, ‘ and infufficient for the neceffary Accommodation of Witneffes whilft 4 under Examination in the faid Court, and for the Purpofes of the 4 faid Office of Examiner and the other Offices there carried on:

•	And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the faid

•	Court, that proper Provifion (hould from time to time be made for

*	fuch of the Examiners of the faid Court and their Clerks as from 4 Age or Infirmity are or fnall, in the Judgment of the faid Court, 4 be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their refpe&ive Offices; 4 and alfo that Provifion (hould be made for putting the faid Offices

•	into proper and fubftantial Repair, or for rebuilding the fame if

•	neceffary, and for other Payments and Expences incident to the

*	faid Office; and that fuch other Regulations (hould be made re*

*	fpe&iog the faid Office, as are hereinafter mentioned and contained:

•	And whereas the Freehold of the faid Premifes or Part thereof is

*	now veiled in the principal Examiners of t’ie faid Court, and in the . 4 Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their refpedive Lives, and during

*	their Continuance in Office, for the Purpofes of the faid Office 5 4 and it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the faid Court

•	that the Freehold of the faid Premifes (hould in future be vetted in

•	the Matter of the Rolls and his Succeffors, for the Purpofes of the

*	faid Offices of the faid Court of Chancery, and that proper Com-

*	pen fat ion (hould be made to the faid Principal Examiners and to the € Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their feveral Intercfts in € the faid Premifes refpe&ively 2 And whereas there appertains to

*	the faid Court of Chancery certain other Officers, called the Ulher

*	and Court Keeper of the faid Court of Chancery, who, among

*	other Duties of their faid Offices, have been required to furnifi

*	the faid Court with Stationary and other Articles requifite and

*	neceffary for the Ufe of the faid Court, and have been and are

* allowed to charge for the fame a tier Centagc thereon, over and

• above the Colt of the Articles fo furnifhed, as Part of their Re-

*	muneration for undertaking and difeharging their faid Offices; and

•	the fame is an improper Mode of remunerating the faid Officers,

•	and is open to great and continual Abufe, and ought to be difeon-

*	tinned for the future, and that the faid Officers (hould be remu-

*	lierated in fame other more fit and proper Manner: And whereas

•	there alfo appertains to the faid Court of Chancery certain other 4 Officers called the Curfitors, who traufad the Bufiucfs of their faid

•	Office, and keep the Records of their faid Office, in the Firft Floor 4 of a certain Building, fituate in Chancery Lane> many Years held, 4 and now holdcu by the faid Officers as Tenants at Will thereof, 4 under a private Individual: And whereas the faid Records are of 4 confiderable Importance, and by being kept in an Office fo circum-4 (lanced, are expofed to greater Ri(k than accords with the Import-4 ance of the faid Records; and it is expedient that the fame (hould 4 be depofited and kept in fome more fate and fecure Place, and that

4 a per-

Digitized by Google

AJJ.iSto.

C. clxir.

50° GEO. III.

4<Sj

m permanent Repofitory be provided for the fame, and a proper Place be provided for tranfading the Bufinefs of the laid Offices And whereas the Proceedings of the faid Court of Chancery have of late been frequently interrupted by various Perfons improperly intruding themfelves into the laid Court, and there are not any, or however an inefficient Number of Perfons in Attendance on the faid Court, to prevent fuch Intrufion and Interruption, and it ia expedient that the fame fhould be prevented in future: And whereat by virtue of an Ad paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reigu of His pi%fent Majefty, intituled, An AS to empower the High tsG. a. c.43. Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors9 Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interef towards dif-charging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Majlers in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Pub-licit Office for the Suitors of the faid Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repofitories for fecuring the Tattle Deeds of the Suitors of the faid Court and the Records and Proceedings of the Commiffioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the feveral Ads in the faid Ad mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of the feveral Orders of the faid Court made for that Purpofe taken out of the common and general Cafh belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and fuch Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pur-fuance of the faid Ad paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of Hia prefent Maielty’s Reign, carried to an Account, intituled. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Smtors of the High Court of Chancery ; and out of the Dividends and lntereft of the Securities purchafed in purfuance of the faid feveral Ads of Parliament, the feveral annual Sums and Salarie»y and the feveral other Payments thereby direded to be made and to be paid, and alfo the Several other Payments direded to be made in and by the Two feveral Ads of the Forty iizth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, one of them intituled.

An AS for making Provipon for fuch Mcflers in Ordinary of the 46G. 3. c. its* High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity Jhall be dsfirous of rejigning their Offices with the Approbation of the faid Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Majlers in Ordinary of the faid Court, and the other of fuch Ada intituled, An AS ti provide 46 G. a. c. Wlv additional Salaries to the prefent Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the fata Office with Salaries ; and to make other Payments in refpeS of the faid Office ; and by the Ad of the Forty ninth Year of t£e Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An AS for mak- 49 G. I. c. Ida. ing Provifton for fuch of the Sub Regifirars or Deputy Regifirars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Irfirmity Jhall be affliSed with permanent Difability, pnd be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office ; and for making further Provtfion for the Two Seniors of the faid Regifirars, for the Clerks in toe Regfier*s Office, for the Majter of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the faid Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in refpeS of the faid Offices ; have jo G'O. Ill,	Hk	4	been

Digitized by

A certain Part of Cafh belonging to Suitors placed •ut at lutereft*

Freehold of

£xatainer*$ Office veiled in the Mailer of the Rolls for the tine being.

4 been from time to trine made and paid, and the Surplus Lntmft

•	and annual Produce arifiog from the {aid Securities* bevoad what

•	was fufficient to anfwer the Purposes of the faid federal Ads, tad-4 aifo the Interefl produced from the Securities pure ha fed with fich 4 Surplus Interefl; and annual Produce, bare been from time to time,

•	in puifuance of the faid firil mentioned Ad, laid out in the Pur-4 chafe of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of ‘ the Accountant General of the faid Couit, and placed to the Credit

•	of an Account, intituled, Account of Securities pur chafed with S*r* 4 plus Interefl arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Modus 4 placed out for tbs Benefit and better Security of tbs Suitors of the Hifk 4 Court of Chancery : And whereas from many Years Experience it 4 hath been found that there always hath been and there now is s 4 very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the (aid

•	Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank

•	beyond the Demands of the Suitors, and it will be of Benefit to

•	the Suitors of the faid Court that a further Sum of Money, Part 4 of the Money lying dead aud unemployed as aforefaid, (hould be 4 placed out at Interefl on Government or Parliamentary Securities,

•	and the Interefl thereof, or fo much thereof as (hall be neceflart,

•	applied for the Purpofes hereinafter mentionedTherefore be it ena&ed by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That out of the Cafh-belonging to the Suitors of the (aid Court of Chancery which now lies or which (hall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank, of England% a Sum oot exceeding Two hundred thoufand Pounds fhall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court to be made for that Porpefc, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum or in Parcels, in the Ntne of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the faid Court, on fnch Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by fiuch Orders (hall be directed, to the intent that the Interefl and annual Produce arifing* from the Money fb to be placed out may be applied for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; aud that all fuch Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when pur chafed fhall be carried to the faid Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

II.	And be it further enabled. That the Freehold of the Prmifet in the Rolls Yard, Chancery Lanex in the Liberty of the Rolls aforr-faid, where the Bufinefs of the {aid Office of Examiners* and aUo of the Offices of the Clerk of the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag is now carried on, with its Rights, Members, and Appurte^ nances, and all other Premifes, if any, which (hall hereafter be par* chafed for the Purpofes of the faid Offices, together with all Biddings now or hereafter to be ere&ed thereon, fhall, from and after the patting of this A&, or the Purchafe of fuch Premifes, if any, be and the fame are hereby veiled fn the Mailer of the Rolls, to bold to him and his Succeffors for the time being for the Ufe and for the Purpofes of the (aid Offices, and fubjefl to fuch Rules and Reguh-tions, refpe&ing the Ufe and Occupation thereof and of the Room and Chambers thereunto belonging Or therewith occupied, as the

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.iSiOt	J6*	GEO.	Ilf.	clxiv.	4

Court of Chancery fball from time to time order and direct, and to and for no other Ufe, Intent or Purpofe whatfoevcr.

III.	And be h further enacted, That out of the Intereft and Di* Expcnrw of, ▼idends arifing from Securities purchafed in purfuance of the faid A61 rcjmjlcin^g, &c# paffed in the Thirty fecund Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,	j”’

and the feveral A&s therein mentioned, and to be purchafed in pur- ^ * ftrance of this A A and carried to the faid Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suit ore of the High Court of Chancery, and alfo out of the filtered and Divi* dends of Securities purchafed and to be purchafed with Surplus ln» tereft, in purfuance of the faid Adis or any of them, or in purfu* ance of this A61, and carried to the faid Account, intitidea, Account of Securities purchafed •with Surplus Interejl arifing from Secu• rities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and belter Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, there (hall be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chan* eery, (but fubjedt and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by the faid feveral A6ts palled iu the Thirty fecond, Forty fixth and Forty uinth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and the Adis therein mentioned, or any of them, diredled or authorized to be paid out of the faid Intereft and Dividenck) fueh Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chan* cellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioner® for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, (hall in his arid their Difcretion deem neceflary, and not ex* cceding the Sum of Twelve thoufand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the faid Court in providing proper Places for tranf-acting the Bufinefs of the aforefaid Offices, while the Premifes now ufed for fuch Purpofes fhall by reafon of the rebuilding, repairing of enlarging thereof be unfit for the Bufinefs of the faid Offices to bo tranfadled therein, and in eredling, building and completing proper and convenient Offices whereiu the Bufinefs of the*(aid Examiners*

Curfitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag Offices, may refpedtively be permanently tranfadled, and the Records of their fereral Offices fecurely preferved; and in purchafing fuch Ground and Buildings thereon as (hall be neceflary or convenient for thofo Purpofes, and in fitting up the faid Offices with proper Repofitoriea for the Records, Papers, PrefTes, Defies, and other Neceflaries for the faid feveral Offices 5 and alfo fuch further Sum or Sums of Money, either Yearly or in Grofs, a9 (hall be neceflary for keeping the famo Offices and Repofitories in Repair, and for infuring and keeping alt the faid Offices and Repofitories^ infured from Lofa or Dam ago by Fire, at fuch Infurance Office or Offices, and in fuch manner and, in fuch Name or Names, and for fuch Sum or Sums, as the (kid Court (hail from time to time order and diredl’.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That the Ground and Houles Ground* pir-which (if any) (hall be purchafed for the Purpofes afo^faid, ffiall clufwl lor L fcof be conveyed to and veiled in the Mailer of the Rolls to hold to him	°(*	*-*ulx*

and his Succeflors (Mailers of the Rplls) for ever, in Trull for the	*

Purpofes in this Adi mentioned, and that the fame, together with all Roiu. Buildings now or hereafter to be eredled and built thereon, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Mailer of the Rolls, and bis SuccdTors iff the faid Office for the time being for ever, in trull

II ha	to

Digitized by Google

468

Buildings pnr-chaltd or ereAtd not to be converted into Refidenees, Stc.

Pewer to remove Officers.

fovtr to remove Mr. Flitcroft.

Power to appoint additional Norn bcr of Examiners*

Other Examiners provided in cafe the i>re4Vnt Officer* rc%u.

C. clxfa*	GEO. III.

to and for the Purpofes in.this Ad mentioned} and for no other Ufa or Puroofe whatfoever.

' V. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Buildings by this Ad authorized to be purchafed, ereded or built, or any Chamber or Room, Chambers or Rooms therein, or any Part or Parts thereof, (hall not be ufcd, occupied as, or converted to the Refidenoe of any Individual or Individuals, Perfon or Perfons, on any Pretence or Pretext whatfoever, but the fame and all and every Chamber and Chambers, Room and Rooms therein, and every Part and Parts thereof, (hall be ufed for the publick Purpofe and Purpofes by this Ad direded in refped of the lame, and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being, to remove any Perfon or Perfons holding or who hrt-eafter fhall hold the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery, or of Clerk of fuch Examiner, from his or their faid Office, when by reafon of permanent Sicknefs, Infirmity or other Caufe, he or they (hall be unable or incompetent to difeharge the Duties of the faid Office.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That Henry Flitcroft Efquire, one of the Perfons holding the faid Office of Examiner, be, and he is hereby removed from nis faid Office, he the faid Henry Flitcroft being a Lunatic Ward of the faid Court of Chancery, and wholly in* competent to difeharge the Duties of the faid Office.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe it (hall at any time hereafter appear to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being, and to the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, that the Bufinefs to be done in the Office of the Examiners of the High Court of Chancery fhall at any time hereafter increafe fo that the fame cannot be tranfaAed and done by the Two Examiners of the faid Court, with that Facility which the Convenience of the Suitors of the faid Court may require, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being, to make an Order or Oraers that other and not exceeding Two more Examiners and Two more Clerks of fuch Examiners fhall be provided, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being (hall ana he is hereby authorized and required, upon fuch Order or Orders being made, to appoint fome fit and proper Perfon or fit and proper Perfons to be fuch Examiner or Examiners, and fome other fit and proper Perfon or fit and proper Perfons to be fuch Clerk or Clerks, who (ball, upon their feveral Appointments, be refpe&ively entitled to take and have fuch Fees and Salary as to the Examiner and Clerk of an Examiner of the faid Court of Chancery does or fhall of right appertain or be-long, or be authorized to be direded to be paid by this ffmfcnt Ad.

DC. And be it further enaded, That all Vacancies which 4r*H hereafter occur in the Office of Examiner, (hall hereafter be filled up and appointed to in' fuch and the fame manner as the fame have heretofore been ; and that every future Examiner and Examiners fhall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he or tbtf ad in the Execution of their refpedive Offices, to take and fubferibe

Digitized by UooQle

A.D.iSro.	50°	GEO. III.	C.	clxiv.	469

in open Court the ufnal Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and alfo an Oath to the Purport and Effect following 5 that is to fay,

•	T A. B. do fwear. That I will, according to the beft of my Oath.

•	Skill and Knowledge, truly and faithfully exercfe and occupy

•	the Office of one of the Examiners of His Majefty’s High Court

•	of Chancery, whereunto I am now admitted, and truly, faithfully,

1 and without Partiality to any or either of the Parties in the re-

•	fpe&ive Caufes take the Examinations and Depoiltions of all and

•	every Witnefs and Witneffes produced before and examined by < me upon the Interrogatories filed with me, and that I will be at-

•	tending as well to further the King’s Bufinefs as the fame Caufes

•	from time to time as Occafion fhali require; and that I will not

•	publiih, difclofe or make known to any Perfon or Perfons whatfo-

•	ever (except to the fwom Clerk appointed to copy the lame)

4 the Particulars, Purport or Contents of all or any of the Depo* »

•	fitions of the Witneffes or any of them to be taken by me, until

4 Publication iq the faid Caufes fhali duly pafs.	*

4 So help me GOD.*

And every future Clerk and Clerks to be appointed by virtue of this Oath of G>pytog A&9 (hall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he Ckfh* or they a& in the Execution of their refpe6tive Offices, to take and fubfcribe before the Examiner by whom they fhali refpe&ively be appointed, and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter the fame, the ufual Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and alfo the following Oath :

•	I C. D. do fwear. That according to the beft of my Skill and

•	Knowledge I will truly and faithfully execute and rxercife the

•	Office of a Crfpymg Clerk in the Office of A. B. one of the Exa-4 miners of His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery whereunto I am 4 admitted fo long as I fhali continue in the faid Office, and that I 4 will be ready and attendant in the faid Office to further His

•	Majefty’s Bufinefs as need (hall require; and that 1 will alfo well

•	and faithfully preferve and keep fuch of the King’s Records

•	wherewith I fhali be entrufted or whereunto I (bail have Accefs,

•	and that I will not publifli, difclofe or make known to any

•	Perfon or Perfons whatfoever the Particulars, Purport or Contents 4 of any Depofition or Depofitions taken in the laid Office until

•	Publication in the faid Caufes fhali duly pafs.

* So help me GOD.’

X. And be it further enaded, That the faid Examiners and Clerks Officer* to attend (hall in their own proper Perfons attend in the Office to be provided iheirDuty ia for them during all fuch time, and during fuch Hours in each and Perfon. every Day, as tne faid Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of .

Great Britain, and the Mafler of the Rolls for the time being, (hall dirr& and appoint, and ia their own proper Perfons diligently, faithfully and attentively employ themfelves iu difpatching and tranfa&ing the Bufinefs of their refpc&ive Offices; and that the faid Examinera or any of them fhali not examine any Perfon or Perfons at or in any other Place or Places other than at and within the Office to be provided as hereinafter mentioned, without the fpecial Order of the faid Court of Chancery for that Purpofe tirft had and obtained, except during the Vacations, when they (hall not be required by the Lord

H h 3	High

Digitized by Google

41®

C.clxiv.

5o?

GEO. III.

A.D.iSi*

Buflftcfs of Examiners equally dit ulod.

Fees and Emoluments afeer-uiued.

Penalty.

F«Aver to appoint trnqjorary Exa-Dunen.

High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commif-fioners fpr the Cuftody of the Great Seal, to be daily attending ia their faid Office ; and that fuch Examiners or Clerks, or any of them, fhall not at any time during their Continuance in the faid Office aft as Coitnfei, Solicitors, Attornies, or as Clerks in Court or Draftf-men either at Law or in Equity, or as Agents or Clerks to any Per-fon or Perfons afting in any or either of thofe Capacities, or in any other refpeft or Capacity in any ways connefted with the faid Court of Chancery, in any Suit or Matter depending therein, or before the faid Court (fave and except under Commiftions from the faid Court, during the time the faid Court of Chancery fhall not be aftually Jilting;) ; but fhall devote themfelvea refpeftively wholly and entirely to the Bufinefs of their refpeftive Offices, without accepting or taking any other Bufinefs or Employment whatfoever, which fhall or may in any manner interfere therewith ; and that the faid Examiners and their SuccefTors in the faid Office fhall, from and after the Fifth Day of July next, be entitled to the Fees for the Bufinefs done by them in their faid Office refpeftively, and each of the faid fworn Clerks and their Succeffora fhall have and be entitled to receive fuch Fees as fhall be afeertained and fettled by the faid Court of Chancery, pur-fuant to the Direftions for that Purpefe hereinafter contained.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July next, the Bufinefs of the faid Office fhall be equally divided, as nearly as may be, between and among the faid Examiners, and that tne WitnefTes on different Sides of tnc fame Caufe fhall (if the fame be prafticable) be examined by different Examiners, in fuch manner and under and fubjeft to fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Court fhall think fit to order refpefting the fame.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, Thit it fhall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and they are hereby required from time to time as they fhall fee Occafion to examine into, afeertain and fettle the Periods and Hours of Attendance of the faid Examiners and their Clerks at and in the Offices herein provided for them ; and alfo the Duties of the faid Examiners and Clerks, and alfo the Diftribution of the Bufinefs of the faid Offices, and alfo the Fees and Emoluments which the faid Examiners and their Clerks fhall have and be entitled to receive from the Suitors of the faid Court for the Buiinefs done by them refpec-tivcly in or about the Execution of their faid Offices, and to ordain a Table of fuch Fees, which fhall be made an Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, and Copies thereof (hall be affixed and fet up in the Examiner’s Office, Six Clerks’ Office and Regifter’s Office of the faid Court, and if any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner fhall have, take or receive any Fees, Gratuities or Emoluments whatfoever from the Suitors of the faid Court, not warranted or allowed by the faid Order, fuch Examiner or Clerk fo offending, fhall be liable to be removed from his faid Office by the Court, and be iucapable of ever thereafter holding aDy Office in or under the faid Court.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any of the Examiners or fworn Clerks for the time being, fhaH be amifted with any temporary Illnefs or Infirmity which fhall be likely for a fhort time to prevent them from difeharging the Duty of their

Offices

Digitized by Google

A.D. i8ia.

47*

50° GEO. HI.	C. dxk

Offices vefpe^tfvely, and the fame (hall be made to appear to the SaUftfo&ion of the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and that the Bulinefc of the Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery (hall be delayed dr prejudiced by the Abfence of any fuch Examiners or Clerks during fuch their temporary Illnefs or Infirmity; it ?hall and may be lawful for the faid Examiners or Clerks nefpe&ively, with the Approbation of the Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, to appoint Some fit and proper Perfon to officiate for fuch Examiner or clerk for any Space of time during fuch their temporary Illnefs or Infirmity not exceeding Three Months, and fuch Perfon firft taking the Oath appointed to be taken by an Examiner or Clerk, the Oath herein above prefcribed to be taken, according as they ffiaU be deputed to ail as bq Examiner or Ckrrk refpe&ively.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful Power to appoint for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain* Lord Keeper or Perfons to keep Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great ^er ,n Britain, to appoint any Number of Perfons not exceeding Four, to lirt* attend upon the faid Court of Chancery wherefoever and at all times whensoever the fifed Court (hall be fitting, and that the faid Perfons fo

U> be appointed (hall be removeable at the Will and Fleafure of the laid Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, and (hull, whitft they continue to be fo appointed, diligently attend from the opening of the faid Court during the whole time of the Sitting of the laid Court, for the	«

Purpofe of pnefcrviug Order among the Perfons prefent in the faid Court, and to preventinfane and other difcrderly Perfons from intruding themfclves into tlie faid Court.

XV.	And be k further ena&ed, That out of the Intereft and Payment of Dividends of the fold Government or Parliamentary Securities pur- Salaries, he. chafed and to be ptirchafed asafonefiud, tlvere (hall be paid (but fub-

je& as aforefaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe, by Quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of QiUier in every Year, fuch yearly Sums as after mentioned to the foveral Perfoas after mentioned ; that is to fay, to the Committee of the Eftate of Henry Flitcroft Efquire, a Lunatic Ward of the faid Court of Chancery, one of the Principal Examiners of the faid Court, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, for and during the Term of his natural Life, as a Compenfa-tion for depriving him of his faid Office of Principal Examiner; to Jame* Dancer Gentleman, who has been Thirty five Years and upwards one of the Deputy Examiners of the faid Court, by reafon of the Length of his Services and on account of his great Age and Infirmities, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds for his Life 5 and to John Smith, John Nurjey Dancer and John Alexander Berrey*

Gentlemen, the Three other Deputy Examiners, refpettively, or to fuch of them as fhall decline to continue in the faid Office upon the Terms herein prefcribed, or as (hall r.ot be continued to be employed in the faid Office, as a Compcnfation for depriving them of their faid'

Office, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds each, for their refpettive Lives 3 and %o each of the Examiners of the faid Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to each of the Perfons to be appointed to keep Order among the Per-foiu attending the faid Court, and to preveut the It&rufien of dif-H h 4	•	.*	orderly

Digitized by Google

47*

C: cljtir,

A.D.i8i«.

Allowance to Ufhtr and Court Ke*j>cr.

Reciting

Mode of fur>-p Ivins: t he C)ourt and Offices of Chancery with parchment and Stationary.

50° GEO. III.

orde>ly Perfons therein, the yearly Sura of Forty Pounds; and to the U (her of the faid Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to the Court Keeper of the faid Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Ninety Pounds; and to each of the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for and during the Term of their re(p<^tive Lives or Continuance in the faid Office, the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds each, as a Compenfation and in lieu of the Kent which fuch Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag have hitherto received for fuch Part of the aforefaid Premifes as have been hitherto occupied by the Clerk of the Crown, and alfo a proportion-able Part of fuch quarterly Payments as (hall accrue due between the lad quarterly Payment thereof and the time of the Death or other Removal of fuch Examiner, Clerk or Officer of the Court; fuch Payments to the Uiher and Court Keeper of the faid Court of Chancery to be a full Compeufation and Satisfaction to them refpeCtively for any Profit or Advantage they, from and after the faid Fitth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten, may derive from Boding and fupplying the faid Court and Officers thereunto belonging, with Parchment, Stationary and Neceflaries fupplied by them refpec-tivelyfcr the Ufe of the Court; the Fird quarterly Payment of the feveral Sums aforefaid to the feveral Perfons aforefaid, to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That out of the Intered and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities pur-chafed and to be purchafed as aforefaid, there (hall alfo be paid (but fubieCt as aforefaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe, at fuch time or times as (hall be mentioned and fpecified in fuch Orders refpeCtively, to the Ufherand Court Keeper of the faid Court refpeCtively, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Court of Chancery ffiall nnd to have been really and Uz fide paid, laid out or expended by the Uiher or Court Keeper of the faid Court, or either of them, in the Purchafe of Parchment, Stationary and other nCcefiary Articles found and fupplied by them, or either of them, for the Ufe of the faid Court and of the Officers thereunto belonging.

XVII.	Provided always, .and be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being, and he and they i6 and are hereby refpeCtively authorized from time to time, when and as often as he or they (hall fee Occafion, to order and direCt that fuch Parchment, Stationaiy and other Neceflaries (hall be fupplied by any Perfon or Perfons other than fuch Ufher or Court Keeper, or either of them, and to make fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Supply and fumifhing of the fame as to him or them (hall from time to time feem meet; and that upon Proof being made before and to the Satisfaction of One of the Mailers of the laid Court by Examination upon Oath (which Oath the faid Mailer is hereby authorized and required to adminiller), and fuch other Evidence as the Occaiion may require, that the Articles fo fupplied and furaifhed were neceiTary and proper to be furniihed and fupplied, and that the Sums refpeCtively charged for the fame are relpe&ively the fair Market Price for the fame, to order and direCi that out of the interest and Dividends of the laid Government

♦	3

Digitized by ^ooQle

▲.D.i8i6»

C. clxir,

473

jo° GEO. ni*

or Parliamentary Securities purchafed and to be pm-chafed as afbrefaid, there (ball alfo be paid* but fubje& as aforefaid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery to be made for that Puipofe, to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons and at fuch time and times as fhall be rcfpe&ively mentioned in fuch Orders, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be found by the faid Mailer to have been properly charged for fuch Supply as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- Salary for Super* ful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord •nnuai«l£xa-"Kecper or the’Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal awi

of Great Britain, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time on a Petition prefented to Jiim or them for that Purpofe by any of the faid Examiners or their Clerks, who fhall have a&ed in the Capacity of Examiner or Clerk in the faid Office for the Space of Thirty Years, or in cafe any of the Examiners of the faid Court or their fworn Clerks for the time being (hall happen to be afflicted with any permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office; then, and in either of fuch Cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being refpe&ively, to remove from the Office of Examiner of the faid Court, or Clerk to fuch Examiner, any of the Examiners of the laid Court or their Clerks who fhall have been Thirty Years in the faid Office, or who fhall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the .Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, be fo affiidled 5 and then, and in either of the above Cafes, by an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time when Occafion fhall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to any Examiner or Examiners, and not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any fworn Clerk or Clerks to any Examiner, to be paid out of the Dividends and Intereft of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchafed or to be purchafed as hereinbefore mentioned, to any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner who fhall be removed from the Office of Examiner or Clerk to fuch Examiner for fuch Caufes as aforefaid, or any of them ; in which Order or Orders the Cattfe or Ground of making the fame fhall be diftin&ly dated and fpecitied, and the faid Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in fuch Order or Orders fhall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Intereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities (but fubje& and without Prejudice as aforefaid) by even and equal quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of OBober in every Year, to fuch Examiner or Clerk to fucb Examiner, from the Period when he (hail have fo refigned or be fo removed from his faid Office or Employment for and during the Term of his natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of his Deceafe; and in the room of fuch Examiner or Clerk of fuch Examiner fo removed or incapacitated, fome other able and fufficient Perfon (hall be appointed to be Examiner, or Clerk to fuch Examiner, in the manner prescribed by this A£t.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Power for Is.

to capacitated

Digitized by Google

474

,C. clxiv.

A.D.181*

iVrfoM to fell IJoufcs, See.

Applioatioti Comj>cnfauon Money »rhen hnunmiiiig to 900l.

5©0 GEO. III.

to and for the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls and the Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inny and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and for aft Executors or Adminiftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, and other Truftees whatfoever, for and on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and SuccefTors, and alfo for Tenants for Life of Eftates in Settlement if of Age, other than Femes Cdvert, and for the Guardians for fuch Tenants for Life as may be Infants, and the Hufbands of fuch Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themfelves, and all Infants, I flue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or under any other Difability, and alfo for all Perfons who are or (hall be feifed or poffefled of or interefted in any Houfea, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafcments or Privileges, which may be convenient for the Soite of or for a Way to the Offices and Repofitories to be built in purfuance of this Ad, to treat, con trad and agree for the Sale of all and every fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafemeuts and Privileges for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to grant*, fell and convey the fame for the Purpofes aforefaid; and that all Contra&a, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which fhall be fo made fhali be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, Settlement, Will, Cuftom or other Matter or Thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof it any wife notwithflandiog; and the Matter of the Rolls and the faid Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inn, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Truftees, Executors, Administrators, Hu (ban da. Guardians, Committees and all other Perfons whomfoever, are and (hall be hereby indemai-fied for what they (hall do by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad.

XX. And be it further enaded. That if any Money fhall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ptirchafcd, taken or ufed by virtue of tlie Powers of this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politick, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other incapacitated Perfon or Perfon6, fuch Money (haH, if the * fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders of the faid Court, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Diredion wd with the Approbation of the (Said Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purcbafeor Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faM Court (hall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements or Hereof taments Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo appl^td, then the fame (hall be laid out and in vetted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Meifuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trails, Intents and Purpofes, and iu the Buooe manner as the Hereditaments which

fhall

Digitized

id by Google

A.D.iSiV

C. clxiv<

47S

5o° GEO. III.

fliall be fo purchased, taken or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at^ the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking JEffed ; and in the mean time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made* ti\t laid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery,	%

upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant Gene** ral in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confo- , lidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and iu the mean time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank-Annuities (hall from time to time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Protits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby direded to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any If under sool. Money fo agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- and exceeding meats, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and be- 2°h longing to any Corporation, or. to any Perfon or Perfons under any I)iiabiTity or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Tounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be (ignified in Writing tinder his or their re-fpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the (aid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed ; or etherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two or more Truftees, to be nomi-aated by ihe Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, (fuch Nomination to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafe (hall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That where fuch If under sot. Money fo agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, (hall be lefs than

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or *

Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where Wh>re any any Queition (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to anjr

Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and witn lou^}m*

the Privity of the faid Accountant General, in purfuanc* of this Ad, t0*

for the Purchafe of gny Lands, Tenement* or Hereditaments, or of who may

any

Digitized by Google

C* cljITi

A.D.l8lO.

47<S

50* GEO. -Ill#

be in PofiV (Eon (hall be entitled thereto.

Court of Chan-wary may order Expence* of Porchmfo to be jaid by Trultee*.

Expence* of A A provided for.

Surplus Monie* placed out 00 {Securities.

any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in pofltffion of any fnch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery 5 and the Dividends and Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid,.applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch PofTeffion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were, lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditament?, to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft $ aod it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court mall deem reafonable, together with the neceflary Cofts and Charges of obtain* ing fuch Order, to be paid out of the Intereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities purchafed and to be pur-chafed as aforefaid, in the fame manrer as the Expences of building the faid Offices and Repofitories are hereby direfted to be paid.

XXV.	And be k further enafted. That out of the Intereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities pm-chafed and to be purchafed as aforefaid, the Expences incurred in procuring and palling this Aft, and the Cofts, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in confequence thereof, (hail be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce which (hall arife from the Money placed out on Securities purfuant to the faid Aft pafTed in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, and purfuant to the feveral Afts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and to be placed out purfuant to this Aft, and which Securities are direfted to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and alfo the Intereft which (hall be produced from the Securities pur-chafed and to be purchafed with fuch Surplus Intereft beyond wbat fhall be fufficient to anfwer the Purpofes of the faid Afts and the (trend other Afts hereinbefore mentioned, and the Purpofes of this Ad, fhall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities,and (hall be placed to the Credit of the laid Account railed

in

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.i8io%	GEO.	HI.	C.	clxir,	clxv;

in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majtrfty, and intituled, Account oj Securities purchaf ad with Surplus Intcrejl arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, aud which Fund (hall be applied to anfwer the Demands of the faid Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery, in cafe it (hall at any time be neceflary to call in any of the Money of the faid Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great JBritain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchafed purfuant to the feveral Afts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or purfuant to this Aft.

XXVlIf. Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared, That for and notwithftanding any of the Provilions contained in this Aft, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out purfuant to the faid feveral Afts of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in purfuance of this Aft, (hall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then, and in fuch Cafe, the faid Court may and (hall direft the Whole or any Part of fuch Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame and the Surplus Iotereft and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned (hall be placed to be fold and difpofed of, in order that the Suitors of the faid Court may at ail times be paid their refpeftive Demands out of the Common and General Ca(h belonging Co inch Suitors.

XXIX. Provided always, and be further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform oy Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any Perfon or or Pcrfons having Authority to reform or aboli(h the fame, and that in cafe the fame or any of them (hall at any time hereafter be abolifhed for which any Salaries or Salary is or are Hereby provided, or for which any Apartments are hereby provided, fuch Salary (hall ceafe and be nb longer payable, and the Apartments or Offices fo provided (hall be hereafter ufed in fuch manner and for fuch Purpofes as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, (hall direft or appoint.

*	XXX. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. clxv.

An Aft to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft palled in the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for better fup-pljring the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Townlhip of Boqtlc) in the County Palatine of

•	Lmcqfler.	'	-	[9th	June 1810.J

Cap.

477

S« G.S. c.42*

Securities may be changed.

If farther Money wanted, Court of Chancery may call in Securities

IVorifo for Reform In QjScea,

Publick Aft.

39G. a.c.xnri.

Digitized by

Google



A.D.iSto.

22Car.2.c.l6 ,pr.

53 G. 3. c. 2*.

G. ). c. 43. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. ||.

43G.3.e.lxxxvii.

42 G. c. kxL

10 G. 3. c. 25.

GEO. III.

Cap. clxvi.

An Ad for amending an Ad of the Twenty fecond Year of His late Majefty, King Charles the Second, fo* far as the fame relates to the River Brandon, otherwise the Leffer Ouze, from the White Hou/e near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the faid River.

[9th June 1810.3 [Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.2

Cap. clxvii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ads of Hit prefent Majefty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenoek% and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police 5 and for other Purpofe6 mentioned in the faid Ads. [9th June 1810.J

Cap. clxviii.

An Ad for altering and amending an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majeily’s Reign for improving the Pori of the Town of Southampton.	[9th June 1810.J

[New Rates. ]

Cap. clxix.

An Ad to amend an Ad, made in the Tenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Paffages in the Town of South-a nipt on•	[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxx.

An Ad for paving and otherwife improving certain Streets, and other publick Paffages and Places, which are or (hall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Thomas Harrifon Efqm’re, fttuate in the Pariih of Saint Paucras9 in the County of Middlefex*

[9th June i8jo»]

Ca. clxxi.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from AJlfori to or near to Buxton, in the County of Derby. (0)

[9th June 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.3

Cap. clxxii.

An Ad for confining and carrying into Effed an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of Cordon, and by Sir Alexander Penrofe Cumming Cordon Baronet, deccafed; and (or enabling Sir William Cordon Cumming Gordon Baronet, and Charles Lennox Cumming Efauire, and their refpedive Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their refpedive Entailed Eftatef,

' under the Authority and by the Dir^dions of the Court of Seffion in Scotland. (q. P.)	[9th	June	i8i0i]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Ad for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Ettates of the Moft Noble Charles Duke of Nfrjllk, in the Counties of Surrey, Sujfe*

aid

Digitized by

Google

AJXiSxo*

C. clxxiii—dxxix

479

50° GEO. III.

and Middifex, for Parts of his Settled Eftates in the County of York i and for veiling feveral Meifoages and Lands, other Part# of the faid Duke's Settled Eftates in the faid Comities of (f ork, Sujfex and Middlefex, and in the County of Nottingham, in truft to fell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchafe of more convenient Eftates. (q. P.)	[9th Juno 181a]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from drencher in the County of Gloucejler to Wootton Baffett in the County of Wilts, 3nd a Branch of Road from the Mahnejbttry and Ciren-cejler Turnpike Road near Crudwell Church to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Crick lade to Midmejbury at or near Minety Common. (b)	[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Ad for veiling certain Eftates in the County of Kent, late of Henry Lyell Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying the Money ariling from the Sale thereof, for defraying the Expences of inclofing certain Lands in the County of Cambridge, and for invefting the Surplus Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fublifting Uf?s of the Will and Codkih of the faid Henry Lyell, (q.P.)	[9th June 1810. j

Cap. clxxvi.

An Ad for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and tbeir Leflees, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to graut building and repairing Leafcs of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey ; purfuant to an Agreement entered into for thofe Purpofes. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxvii.

An Ad for enabling Jane Player Widow, and others, to graut Leafet of certain Eftates at dr near Ryde in the IJle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, devifed by the Will or the late William Player Efquire, purfuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe, and alfo to grant Building Leafes of other Parts of the fcune Eftates. (q. P.)	[9th June 1810.]

Cap. dxxviii.

An Ad for difeharging the Eftate of George Frederick Stratton Efquire, in the Parifli of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, from certain Trufts thereof, and for fubftituting another Eftate in the fame County in lieu thereof, (q. P.) [9th June 18.0.]

r

Cap. clxxix.

An Ad for vetting feveral Fee Farm Rents or Annual Sums, devifed by the Will ot Robert Scott Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, upon Truft to be fold ; and for laying out the Purchafe Monies, under the Dire&ion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the former Ufes. (q. P.)

[9th June 18 io.]

Cap.

Digitized by

A.D.I8I*

Cap. clxxx.

An A d for veiling certain E Rates in the Counties of Staff rd, Salop* Chefler and Buckingham% late of the Reverend Richard Levett* Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrd, Spinfter, in Truftees, upon truft to fell the fame 5 and to lay out tne Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftates. (q. P.)

[9th June 1S10.3

Cap. dxxxi.

Aa Ad for effeduating a Partition of certain fettled Eftates of David Rofs Efquire, deceafed, fituate in the County of Down in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England, (q. P.)

[9th June l8l&3

Cap. clxxxii.

An Ad for effeduating a Partition direded by the Court of Chan* eery of certain Eftates fituate in the County of Monmouth, de-vifed by the Wills of John Blewitt Efquire, and Francet Fetti-pl*ce% deceafed. (q. P.)	[9th June 1810.3

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Truftees of ttemsry Smith Efquire, deceafed, and Henry Woodgate Efquire, of Eftatew iu the County of Kent. (q. P.)	[9th	June	1810.3

Cap. dxxxiv.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Great Longft*ne9 Little Longftone and Wardk<w% in the County of Derby. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.3

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 12, 13.

Cap. clxxxv.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parishes of Wringtont Tattorn and Kerin, in the County of Somerfet. (q. P.)	[9th	June	18	JO.3

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Caereinion Ifcoed, in the County of Montgomery• (q. P.)	[9th	June	1840.3

« Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. $ 26.

isC.

as to Sixpenny Found Rate, ami Watch Groat repeal'd.

Cap. dxxxvii.

An Ad for more effrdually cleanfing, lighting and * atebing the Borough and Town of Waymouth ana Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorfet, and removing Incroachments and Annoyance* therein ; for licenfing and regulating Chairmen and other Perfona plying for Hire ; for eftablifhing Markets ; and for giving further Powers to the Quay Matter of the Harbour of the faid Town.

[15th Jutu 1810.3

*	Cap.	clxxxviii.

43 G. 9. c.slvii. An Ad to continue for Two Years an Ad patted in the Forty eighth Year of His grefeut Maje^y, for prevent ng the Right of rre-

feutatiou

<A«D»iSiOi

C. clxxxviii—cxcm

50® GEQ. III.

481

fentation to the ReAory and Parifti of Stmonbum, in the County of Northumberland, from lapfing, for a limited Time.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An AA to amend and enlarge the Powers of an AA patted in the 45 G. 3. c.xL Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for affefling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Rofs, towards the Expence of making and fupporting certain Roads and Bridges therein, and of an AA patted in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, 47 G. 3. Seff. l. for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties c* **“• of Roft and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally iituated in the County qf Rofs.	[ 15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxc.

An AA to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of fo much of an 4 G. 3. c. 43.

A A, patted in the Fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, as relates to the maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parifh of Satnt John at Hackney, in the County of Middlefex.	[15th June	1810.]

Cap. cxci:

An AA for extinguifhing all Right of Common in, over and upon 36G. 3. c. i3i. certain Parcels of Land in Saint George’s Fields, in the County 47 G. 3. Scff. s. of Surrey; and for repealing fo much of Two AAs patted in the c*cxv*

Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, as prevents the ereAing Buildings on certain Parts of the faid Parcels of Land, within a limited l>iftance from the Sides of fuch of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon ; and for improving Saint George’s Fields aforefaid.	[ 15th June 1810.J

Cap. cxcii.

An AA for the better Management of the Foundling Hofpital in 4oG.3.(I.)c.3$, Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an AA patted in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hofpital in Dublin ; and for amending and further continuing an AA, patted in the Thirty eighth Year of 38G.3.(I.)c.3S. His Majefty, for the better Management of the Workhoufe and Foundling Hofpital in Dublin.	[15th	June	1810.]

€t 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. jo. repealed. [Till $th Jan. 1821.3

Cap. cxciii;

An AA to incorporate and regulate an Tnftitution, to be called €t The Belfajl Academical Inftitution,” for affording to Youth a Claffical and Mercantile Education.	[15th	June	1810.3

Cap. cxciv.

An AA to alter, amend and render more effeAual Two AAs of the 39 G.a. c. 23. Twenty ninth Year of His late Majefty, and the Fortieth Year of 39 & 40 G.a. His prefent Majefty, for draining and preferring certain Fen ****** Lands, in the Jjle of Ely, and County of Norfolk fifing between the Hundred Foot Rtver and the Oufe, and bounded onHhe South by the Hard Lands of Mcpoll, Wish am, Wentworth, Wiciford,

„ 50 Geo. III.	Ii	Ely,

Digitized by



C. cxcur-+<8,



j*# GEO. III.

£ly% Dovmham and Littkport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforefaid, called Invefted Lands.	[15 th «/*»*

Cap. cxcv.

An A St for vetting a certain Plot of Land on Wandon otherwlfe Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Mod Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the fame and certain Ettates of the faid Duke with a perpetual Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh of Wandon otherwHe Wavendon in the faid County, in Manner and upon the Trufts therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[15th June

Cap. cxcvi.

An Adi for vetting the fettled Ettates at EUhssm, is the Couaty of Kent, of the Right Honourable George Augufims Henry Amt Lord Ranclffi, in Truftees upon Trull, to fell the fame, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leales of the fame, for the Purpofe of building j and to lay out the Monies arifing by fu<?h Sales in the Porchafe of other Ettates to be fettled to the lame Ufes. (q. P.)

£i5th June 1810.]

Cap, cxcvii.

An A£t for exchanging the entailed Ettate of the Right Honorable Amabel I Baronefs Lucas, in the Coanty of Wilts, for other Ettates of the faid Baronefs Lucas» tlie Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Grantham, and the Right Honourable Thomas

Philip Lord Grantham, in the Counties of EJfex and Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement of the faid Ettates in the Counties of EJJeu and Suffolk. (q. P.)

[i$th June

Cap. cxcviii.

An Adi for vetting the Leafe of the Governors of Bethkm Hofpital in the Scite of the Hofpital, m the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was granted ; and for authorizing the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain Lands in Saint Georges Fields, in lieu thereof, to Truftees for'the Governors of the faid Hofpital for the like Term, for the Purpofe of ere&ing a new Hofpital thereon on an enlarged Scale, (q. P.)	[[15th ^unt iSiO.J

Cap* cxcir.

An hSt for empowering the furviving Truftees under the Will of Robert Aujlen Efquire, deceafed, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the deviled Ettates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thencearifing in the Purcbafe of Ettates, te be fettled to the fubfitting Ufeaof the fame Wilk (q. ?.}

gijth June i9k&]

Cap. cc.

An* A& for enabling Georgs Byfig Efquhr^ aod other*

Digitized by LiOOQle

A.l).i8id.'	50°	GEO.	III.	C. cc—ccvii.	4*3

Budding Leafes of certain Lands and -Premifes, fituate in the IJlc of Dogs, in the County of Middlefix. (q. P.)

[15th Juris i3l0.3

Cap. cci.

An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Slapton, In the County of Buckingham, and within the Hamlet of Horton, lying in the fame Parifh, and in the feveral Parifhes of Ivinghoe, Ed-dlejborough and Pigbtlejlhorne, in the fame County, (q. P.)

[15th June iStO.]

u Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes. § 27—32.

Cap. ccii.

An Aft for inclofing Whitchurch Common, and other Wafte Lands in the Parifh of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.)

[15th June 18io.J

w Allotment and Compenfation for Tithe^ Modus, &c. § 18—20.

Cap. cciiL

An Aft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One 46G.3.c^mfii. thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Powers of the Commif-fioners appointed in purfuance of an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiflioners afting in purfuance of an Agreement between the Eaft India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effeft.	[15th	June	1810.3

Cap. cciv.

An Aft for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two isG.s.c *». Afts, paffed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His pre- *7 0*3.«. fent Majefty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames Weft ward of London B ridge, within the Liberties of the City of London 5 and for the further Improvement of the faid Navigation.

[20th June 1810.3 [Tolls of 17 G. 3. c. 18. repealed, and new Tolls granted."]

Cap. ccv.

An Aft to explain an Aft of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent *7 Majefty, for th* more effeftual Improvement of the City of Dublin *• and the Environs thereof, fo far as relates to the lighting of Rut-

* land Square in the faid City.	[20th	June	1810.3

Cap. ccvi.

An Aft for eftablifhing a Cattle Market within the Town of Wif-bechy in the IJle of Ely 5 for taking down and removing the Shambles therein ; for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the faid Town, and removing Nuifances therein ; for preferving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wijbech 5 and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto.	[20th	June	1810.3

Cap. ccvii.

An Aft for maintaining and improvinjg the Docks and Warehoufes, called the Commercial Dochsy ana for making and maintaining

1 i 2	other

4*4

C. ccvii.

A.D.181O1

Joint Stock Company to be called the Commercial Dock Company.

50" GEO. III.

other Docks and Warehoufes to communicate therewith, all in

the Parifh of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 18IO.]

*	TT7HEREAS, for the dill greater Accommodation and Secu-4 VV rity of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port 4 of London, it is expedient that other good and fufhcient Wet 4 Docks and Bafons, with Timber Ponds, proper Cuts, Sluices and 4 Outlets, (hould be made and eftabiifhed within the Port of London, 4 with Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and

*	Difcharge of Ships laden with Timber, Wood, and other Mer-

*	chandize, as hereinafter mentioned : And whereas the feveral Per-c fons herein after named, have fubfcribed a certain Sum as a Joint 4 Stock or Fund, and have purchafedand improved a Wet Dock, 4 long known as Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premifei 4 adjoining, for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and for carrying into Exe-4 cution and completing the feveral Works, Improvements, Altera* 4 tions and Additions hereinafter mentionedMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Mofl Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That John Atterfoll, John Atterfoll the Younger, Jofeph Atterfoll, William Adam, William Browning, Daniel Brent, John St. Barhet Daniel hell, John Boulcott, Denis de Berdt, Jofeph Crew Boulcott, Elizabeth Blacken• hagen, John Brant on, Robert B re ret on, Anna Brodie, Peter Barlow, Thomas Brooks, Ann Barlow, James Beloncle, Jane Birkett, William Cook, William Cordell, Richard Carrington, John Crickett, Quintin Dick, John Dearman, Ralph Day, John Evans, John Eykin, Perrott Fenton, William Frcme, Robert Forjler, Philip Ibbetfon Fenton, John Gillial, Mary Green, George Grote, Jofeph Grote, Alexander Glennie, Samuel Gurney, John Gurney, Robert Gath ere ole, John Greenleaf, James Glennie, William Grove, Richard Harford, John Harford, Mary Harford, Charles Richard Harford, Duncan Hunter, Henry Harford, Elizabeth Harford, Thomas Hornca/lle, John Henry Heeker, Richard Harris, Edu ard Harman, Elizabeth Hawkins, James Egbert Hoolboom, William Johnfon, George Irvin, Thomas Adolphus Knob-lock, Henry Louch, John Lyon, Lewis Lloyd, Jacob Abraham Levy, Richard Lloyd, William Moir, James Mackenzie, James Maude, E be never May, Robert Humphrey Marten, Daniel Mildred, Jo/efh Moore, Thomas Oom, George Pindar, James Pattifon, William Pref-cott, Sir Charles Price, John Prince, George Ritchie, John Baker Richards, Thomas Ritchie, William Ritchie, William Tooke Robinfon, Chrijlopher RicharJfon, Samuel Sharpe, Benjamin Shaw, John Someffet Smith, William Smith, Philip Splidt, J. Stevenfon, George Todd, James Thompfon, Elizabeth Thomas, Chrijlopher Waltham, John Woodcock and John Woodward, together with all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Cor-porations Aggregate or Sole, who now is or are, or fhall at any time hereafter, according to the Conditions and Reftri&ions hereinafter fet forth, be or become a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Docks, Bafons or Ponds already made or hereby authorized to be made, iliall be, and arc hereby united into a Com-pany for maintaining and improving the faid Docks and Work# already made, and making, completing and maintaining other Docks

end

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

C. ccvii.

50° GEO. III.

485

and Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and other Works neceffary for the Accommodation of Veffels laden with Timber, and other Articles hereinafter mentioned, and (hall for that Purpole be a joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The Commercial JDock Com-pony.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That for the Improvement and Company im-Increafe of Accommodation of the Port of London, and facilitating powered to mate the Difcharge of Ships and Veflels laden with Timber, Wood, and fonc,5> l^ous> other Merchandize hereinafter mentioned, and fecuring fuch Car- c'

goes of Timber and Wood from Lofs and Pillage, and removing the Interruption occafioned to the Navigation of the River Thames, and the Port of London, by reafon of the want of fufficient Accommodation for Timber, out of the faid River, it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to extend and improve their prefent Docks and Works, and make fuch other Bafons, Docks, Ponds and Entrances, and Quays and Wharfs adjoining thereto, as may be neceffary and convenient for the receiving and diicharging and lading of fuch Ships and Veflels.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Veflels Wen for all Ships and Veflels laden or to be laden with Timber or Wood |Pcclfi€d only, or with Timber or Wood being the prindpal Part of the

Cargo, although the Remainder of fuch Cargo mould confift of Hemp, Flax, Pitch, Tar, Tallow or Fifh, or Ships laden with Fifh Oil, Blubber and Whale Fins, or any other Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, ufually delivered afloat by River Sufferance, to enter into all and every the faid Docks and Bafons, and there to dif-charge or load the Whole or Part only of any fuch Cargoes, and alfo for any Ships or Veflels fo having difcharged in the faid Docks, or any of them, to load the Whole or Part only, of the Cargoes of' any fuch Ships or Veffels, on any Outward Voyage; any thing contained in any A6t or A6b of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithflanding: Provided always, that no- Provifo. thing in this A & contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to make any of the (aid Docks or Wharfs under this A6t legal Quays, or to empower the faid Company to land or load any fuch Goods without the Sufferance of the Commiflioners of Cuttoma granted for that Purpofe; provided alfo, that nothing in this A& contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel any Ships or Veffels to enter into the faid Docks or Ponds, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to Coippany m*y and for the faid Company to raife and contribute among themfelves, * furd»cr in addition to the Shares already created, or Sums already fub- shwe** no" fcribed, and now belonging to the Proprietors of the faid Docks and exceeding Premifes, a competent Sum of Money for the providing and main- ico,oooI. taining the Docks and Works already made; and for making and maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aquedu&s, Ways, Roads, Bridges,

Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehoufcs, and all other Works intended to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sums already fubferibed for, the Sum of One hundred and thirty thou-fand Pounds, except as hereinafter excepted; and the fame (hall be divided into One thoufand three hundred Shares, of One hundred Pounds each, and the faid One thoufand three hundred Shares (hall bc# and are hereby veiled in the feveral Pcrfons who have fubferibed,.

Ii3	ir



Money to he r»i(>4 and airway raifed to “form one Joint Capital block

PrHVnt Subic Y^rs intitled

V, i•’!>'< :;;'C for cqiu: [Number of new biiarcs.

Joint Stoolc to be Perfonal Eflate.

Proprietor* not liable for more than Share*. ^

Pire&ow to auk* CaJ*.

C ccyiL	5P5 GEG. IIL	A.B.iftia.

or who (hall fubfcribe for the fame, and their feveral and refpe&ivt Jlxecutors, Administrators, Succeffors and Affigus, to their and every of their proper Ufe and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they (hall feverally raife and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Perfons and their feveral and refpe&i?* Succeflbrs, Executors, Admiuiftrators and Afiigns, who are already pofTeffed of, or who (hall fererally fubfcribe for One or more Share or Shares, or fuch Sum or Sums as (hall be demanded in liet) thereof, (hall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Diftribth tion of an equal proportionable Part, according to thp Number of Shares already poflefled, or to be poflefled by him or them, or the Money fo by them refpe&ively paid, of all the Profits and Adnui-tages which ihaU or may arife and accrue to the fajd Company, by reafon of any Sums of Money to be received by the faid Company, by the Authority of this Ad, or otherwife, in refped of or for the life of Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs, or other Premifcs belonging tip the faid Company.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That th$ faid Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds allowed to be raifed under this Ad, upon One thoufand three hundred Shares, and the Shares already created being One thoufand three hundred, at One hundred Pounds each, and making in the whole Two thou* fand fix hundred Shares, at One hundred Pounds each, (hall make qne Joint Capital Stock of the faid Company.

VI.	Provided always, neverthelefs. That all or any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who, at the time of the creating or making the One thoufand three hundred Shares hereby authorized to be fubferibed for, (hall be poflefled of any of the Sham already fubferibed fpr, fhall be entitled, if they fo pleafe, ta fubfcribe for any Number of the faid One thoufand three hundred new Shares, not exceeding the Number of old Shares of which he or they (hall then be pofieflea.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Sham and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and of all other Perfons of aud in the faid Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the faid Company, lhall be and be deemed to be Perfonal Eftate, and tranfmiflible as fnch, and diflributable u fuch, and not in any refpeft of the Nature of Real Property.

VIII.	Provided always, That no Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Poli-

tick or Corporate, who is, arc, or (hall be Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Stock of the faid Company, or Contributors thereto, or his, her or their Real or Perfonal Eftaprf fhall be charged with, or liable to any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become due from the faid Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the faid Company } any Law, Cuflom or Ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	'■

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the Dire£lor$ ele&ed or to be ele&ed, for managing the Concerns of the faid Company, or any Five or more of them, (hall have Power from time to time to call for, audit and fettle, without Prejudice however to fuch final or further Audit as the Proprietors of the faid Company may dirccfc or authorize to be made, au Accounts of Money laid out and difburfed for the EurpoJe of this Ad, or the laid Docks aud Pregufcs, and

to

<?. cctS,

4*7

jo° GEO. III.

to mike foch Call or Call# of Money from the prefent or any future Proprietors or Subscribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators und Affigns, according to the Amount of their refpe&ive Interefts, Shares and Subfcriptions already belonging to or fubfcribed for by, or hereafter to belong to or oe /ubfcrilfcd for by him or them for the Purpofes of this A&, or of the faid Docks and Woijts already made, or hereafter to be made, as by them the faid Directors, or any Five or more of them, (hall from time to time be deemed neceffary for thofe Purpofes, fo that no Call (hall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums fo fubfcribed, and fo as no Call to that Amount be made but at the Interval of Two Calendar Months at the lead from the preceding Call, which Money fo called for (hall be paid to fuch Perlon or Perfoni, und in fach manner as the faid Dtre&ors (hall from time to time appoint or dire6t, for the Ufe of the faid Docks and Premifes, and tne Owner or Owners of the Joint Stotk thereof (hall pay his, her or their Proportions of the Monies called for as aforefaid, at fuch Time and Place, and in fuch manner as (hall be appointed for that Purpbfe as aforefaid; and if any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, (hall negleffc or refufe to pay bis, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares of the faid Monies to be called for as aforefaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the faid Di-reffcors, then the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, fo negle&ing or refufing to pay the fame, (hall forfeit the Sum of Five rounas for every Share of his, her or their refpeftive Subfcription or Stock, or Part and Iatereft therein ; and in every fuch Cafe the faid Dock Company are hereby empowered to fuc for and recover, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (as the cafe may require), every or toy fuch Part or Share, or any rart thereof, fo neglefted or relafed to be paid, as dlfo the faid Penalty of Five Pounds; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, (hall negleft or refufe to

fay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share or •arts or Shares of the faid Money to he called for as aforefaid, far the Space of Two Calendar Months after the?time, or any. of the fl*-fpe&tve times appointed for Payment thereof as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the fame may be fued for and recovered by tile faid Dock Company as lad hereinbefore is mentioned, or otherwife Ot the Option of the faid Dire6tors, or of any Five or more of theih ; *fche Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, fo negle&mg to pay the fame, (hall forfeit all his, her or their refpe&ive Stock or Parts and Interefts in the faid Joint Stock and Premifes, all which Forfeitures go to and be for the Benefit of the Reft of the Proprietor*, their Succeflbrs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns (holding for the Time Shares of the faid Stock), in proportion to their r£-fpe&ive Interefts.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Advantage 1 fltall be taken of any Forfeiture of any fuch Stock, or any Part thereof, until Notice of fuch Forfeiture in Writing (hall have been pre-vioufly given or left by fame Officer of the faid Company, to or with the Owner or Owners of fuch Stock, or left at his, her or their ufuil

I i 4	“or

Penally.

Forfaitui*.

No Forfeiture without oiive.

488

C. ccvii.

AJDdSio*

In cafe of D«*th Executor* to pay Calls*

Power to fell Shares.

Form of Transfer or Sale.

r5o° GEO. HI.

©r lad known Place of Abode, nor unlefs the latne (hall be declared

to be forfeited at fome General Meeting of the faid Company, to be^ lteld within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Forfeitnre (hall happen to be made ; and in cafe of fuch Forfeiture the fame (hall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor fo forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and Intereft as aforefeid, again ft all and every Adtion or A&ions, Suits or Profecutions whatfoever, to be commenced or profecuted for any Breach of Contract, or other Agreement, betwixt fuch Proprietor or Proprietors fo forfeiting, and the Reft of the Proprietors in refpeft of all Matters and Things to which he or they were or was liable as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfooa fubfciibing or holding any Stock of the faid Company {hall die before fuch Call or Calls fhall have been made, for the full Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums fo already fubfcribed for or hereafter to be fubfcribed for, while-he or they fhall have been pof-feffed of or entitled to fuch Stock, without having made Provilion by Will or otherwife, in Writing, how the Money fhall be paid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Executors or Adminiftrators of any fuch Owner or Owners fhall be chargeable in refpedt of fuch Calls, as for the Debts of the Teftator or Inteftate, but not otherwife; and in cafe the Executors, Adminiftrators, or Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Perfonal Eftate, (hall refufe or negle&, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, to anfwer fuch Calls and Payments, the faid Company (hall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of fuch Owner or Owners fo deceafed, on condition that he, (he or they fo admitted, do and (hall, on or before fuch Admiffion, pay to the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, the full Sum and Sums of Money which (hall have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwife, upon fuch Share or Shares of fuch Stock, or fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be fold for, ftrft deducing the Penalties that may have been incurred.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral Proprietors of the faid Jpint Stock, his, her or their refpe&ive Executors or Adminiftrators, to fell and difpole of any Share or Shares to which he, (he or they may be entitled therein, fubjeft to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares (hall be in the Form or to the Effedt following:

T B. of	in

confideration	of	paid

to me by	of

do	hereby	bargain,	fell,	afftgn sod

transfer to the faid	^	the

Sum of	Capital

Stock, of	and	in the Commercial	Dock,	being	Part	(or the

Whole, at the Cafe may be), of my Share in the faid Dock, to hold to the faid

Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, fubjeft to the fame Rules,

« Orders

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.i8ro

C. ccviu

4*9

So9 geo. nr.

* Orders and Rtftri&ions, and on the fame Conditions that 1 held 4 the Came immediately before the Execution hereof: And I, the 4 (aid	do	hereby agree to take

4 and accept the faid Capital Stock or Share of 4	fubjeft	to the fame Rules, Orders, Rtftri&ions and

4 Coofiderations. As Witnefs our Hands and Seals, the 4	Day	of

And in every fuch Sale the faid Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Share or Shares) (hall be kept by the faid Purchafer or Purchafers for his, her or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have entered in a TobeouonL* proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, a Memorial of luen Transfer and Sale for the Ufe of the faid Company, and have teftified or endorfed the Entry of fuch Memorial on the faid Deed of Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence (hall be paid, and the faid Solicitor or Clerk is hereby required to make fuch Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until fuch Memorial (hall have been made and entered as above dire&ed, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers (hall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Docks, nor any Intereft for fuch Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in refpeft thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Docks.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That after any Call of fuch After Call «o

Money (hall have been made as aforefaid, no Perfon or Perfons (hall Shwr tobefidl feU or transfer any Share or Shares which he, (he or they (hall pof* u““	'

fcfs in the faid Docks, on Pain of forfeiting hi9, her or their refpec- i'enahy.

live Share or Shares therein to the faid Company of Proprietors, hi Truft for the Benefit of all the faid Proprietors, unlefs he, (he or they, at the Time of fuch Sale and Transfer, (hall have paid and difeharged the whole and entire Sum of Money which (hall have been called for upon each Share fo fold or transferred, fuch Forfeiture, neverthclels, to be notified and declared at a General or Special Affembly in manner before directed.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Proprietors of the faid Powers of Get* Company, or the major Part of them, in General Court aflembled, ral Court*.

(hall and may make, ordain and conftitute fuch and fo many Bye-

Laws, Confutations, Rules and Ordinances, as to them or the major Part of them fo aflembled as aforefaid (hall ferm meet and convenient for the better governing, ele&ing, appointing, regulating, ordering and managing of the laid Company, and the Dire&ors,

Officers, Servants and Perfons employed in and about the Affairs of the faid Company, and to alter, change, revoke, repeal or make void the fame from time to time, and fo often art they or the major Part of them fo aflembled, as aforefaid, (hall judge neceflary and expedient, provided that fuch Bye-Laws, Conftitutions, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Cuftoms or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, nor to any thing in this A€t contained ; but no Order, Bye-Law, Conftitution, Rule or Ordinance fo made, (hall be good and valid without being confirmed at a fubfeqaent General Meeting of the faid Company, Ordinary or Extraordinary, to be held as hereinafter mentioned.

XV.	And be it further drafted, That the Firft General Court of Firft Cental

the Meeting.

Digitized by Google

C. eevil.



Annual Gennil

Meeting.

Proprietors may upon Notice havq Special Netting*.

Pi^fent Direc-too.

Quorum of Di-li&ors.

h

To maintain and fiipport L)c»cka alrnutv made, and to make oilier Dock*; {wc.

50* GEO. III.

the faid Company (hall be held at the Houfe of the faid Company, No. 2, in London Street, Fenchureh Street, in the City of London, on the Firft Friday which (hall enfue next after the Expiration of one Week, from and after the paffing of this Aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That a General Court of the faid Commercial Dock Company (hall be held at lead Twice in each and every Year, on the following Days, that is to fay, on the Second Friday in January, and the Second Friday in July in each and every Year.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any Six or more of the faid Company, who (hall feverally be Proprietors of Ten Shares or upwards of the faid Stock, (hall judge it neceflary or expedient to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the laid Company called, and (hall rcquell the fame to be called, by Notice in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Secretary, or any Direftor of the faid Company for the time being, fpe-cifying in every fuch Notice the Bufinefs intended to be proceeded upon at fuch Meetings, the faid Direftors or any Three or more of them, (hall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of fuch Notice, and they and their SuccefTors are hereby authorized and direfted and re? quired to call fuch Extraordinary Meeting to afiemble at fuch Time and Place within the Limits aforefaid, as they (hall judge expedient, within Ten Days from and after fuch Notice, and fuch Meeting (hall be deemed a Publick One, and all Proceedings then duly had and confirmed by a fubfequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinaij, (hall be deemed as valid and effeftual, to all Intents am} Pnrpoks whatfoever, as if the fame had been done at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That Sir Charles Price Baronet, William Adam, John AttcrfjU, John Saint Barhe, William Brovm• ing, Richard Harford, Perrot Fenton, William Freme, George Grete, Thomas Horncajlle, Thomas Oom, William Tooke Rohinfon and Thoms Ritchie, (hall be and continue Direftors of the faid Company, until the Twenty fifth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and ten, unlefs fuch Pireftors or either of them (hall die, be rrmoted by the Court of Proprietors, or otherwife, or difpofe of his or their Shares in the faid Stock, fo as to reduce the lame under the Number of Ten, in any of which Caies it (hall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the faid Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to nominate and appoint by Ballot a new, or other Direftor, in the Room of fuch Direftor or Direftors fo dying, beiag removed, or having difpofed of his or their faid Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which fuch Direftor would have been in Offio* and fo from time to time as Occafion may require.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That -not left than Five of the faid Direftors (hall be a Quorum, capable of afting, and hereby empowered to aft at the ordinary Meetings of the find Direftors, and that all Motions and Queltious which may be made and put at foch Meetings, (hall be decided by a Majority of the Direftors prefenf, and if the Numbers on each Side (hould happen to be equal, the Chairman of the Meeting (hall in every Cafe give the calling Vote.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Company (hall be* and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by them&lm, or their Direftors, Agents, Servants and Workmen, to maintain and

improt*

Digitized

^ Google

CccvKt

4 >5.181*

s+ 010. iu.



improve the Docks and Works already made, and alfo to make, complete and maintain one or more additional Dock or Docks, Bafbn or Bafons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and Entrance or Entrances, communicating with the River Thames, in the Pariih of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Trinity Street, and alfo at a certain other Place called Globe Stairs, provided that fuch lad mentioned Entrance at Globe Stain (hall not be made without the Confent of the Lord Mayor, Alder-jgaen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council af-embled, firfl had and obtained in Writing for that Purpofe.

XXI* Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall he lawful for the (aid Company to make another Entrance into the River Thames, at any Point between Trinity Street and the Ead or lower Side of the Premifes in the PoiTeilion of Medieurs Young and Wallis* ufually known by the Name of the Lavender Dock, and for that Purpofe to cut through fuch Part of Rotherhithe Street as (hall b* neceffary for the making fuch Entrance ; and the f?id Company (hall, ia fuch Cafe, make a good and fufficient Bridge, and keep the Came in repair, as dire&ed by this Aft, and make good all fuch Parts of the faid Street, or any Parts adjoining thereto, as (hall be damageef *n making fuch Entrance; provided always, that it (hall not be lawful for the faid Company to take any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Ifereditaments, for the Purpofes of making fuch Entrance, without the Confent of the Owners and Occupiers ^hereof in Writing firft had and obtained.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company, ia making thefe Docks and other Works, (hall not deviate from or extend beyond the Line described in the faid Map or Plan deported in the QQce pf the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, ip and the faid Schedule, marked (A ) hereunto annexed, without the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands or Pre-mifea (hall be wanted for their Purpofe; but it (ball be lawful for the faid Company, with fuch Confent, to purchafe any Lands, Tenements qr Hereditaments^ for all or any of the Purpofes afgrefaid, although the fame (hall not be within the faid Line, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the Whole, to be fo purchased with fuch Confent as aforefaid; Provided always, that nothing in this A& contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize or empowev the faid Company, or any Perfon or Perfqns on their Behalf, to take qr make ufe of, for the Purpofes of this Ad, any Houfes, Gardens or Orchards, without the Confent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof iq Writing, fird had and obtained; fave and except the Houfes* Buildings, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, mentioned apd deferibed m the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

XXHI. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to fupply the Docks, Bafons, and other Works already made, or hereafter to be made, or any of them,, at all times hereafter, with Water from the River Thames, ami all fuch Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Rivers, Waters and Water-courfes, as (hall be found ia the digging and making the faid Docks or Bafons, and other Works refpe&ively.

XXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Company (hall pay to the (aid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Itwd/me tk& Sum. of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, as a Fine or 1	Acknow-

Enabling Company to maka another Entrance into the River Thames.



Hrovifb

May take Water from the Thames to fill Docks, &c.

Company to pay City pf Londoib a Sum of Money as a Fine for liberty of eat*

Digitized by

Google

49*

ting into the Thau**, &c.

Ty mule Crimes.

Roads and Street* altered.

For making up Deficiency in Rar«i of Parifh of Saint Mary fynherhiihe.

C. ccvii.	50° GEO. III.	A.D.1819.

Acknowledgment for the Liberty of cutting 3nd digging the Bank and Shore of the River Thames at each of the Entrances to be made by virtue of this A&, and alfo pay to the faid Mayor and Com« monalty and Citizens of the faid City, their Succeflors, Coile6ton or Afligns, for ever, an annual Rent or Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for continuing each and every fuch Entrance after the faid Bank and Shore (hall be cut and dug for the Purpofet aforefaid; and fuch annual Sum is hereby charged upou and made payable by, and may be recovered from fhe faid Company, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVtJlminJlcr.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That for the Benefit and Convenience of Commerce, and the Inhabitants of the Parifhes and Parts adjoining, the faid Company (hall be compellable to make, fet up, and maintain, in perpetual Repair, Bridges for the Ufe and Convenience of the Inhabitants and others, and for Carts, Carriages and Horfes, in the Places or Lines following; that is to fay, in the Line acrofs the propofed Entrance from the River Thoms into the Dock or Docks, Bafon or Bafons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, intended to be made and acrofs the propofed Cut, from the Commercial Docks already made to the faid intended Dock or Docks, Bafon or Bafons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and they (hall be compellable to make, fet up and maintain, in perpetual Repair, all fuch Bridges as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company (hall have full Power to alter the Road leading from Plough Bridge to Trinity Street, and alfo the Streets or Highways following; that is to fay, Trinity Street, Queen Street, Rotherhithe, otherwife Redriffe Street, and Lavender Street; and all other Roads and Ways, if the fame (hail by them be deemed necefiary to all or any of the Purpofes aforefaid: Provided always, that fuch Alteration (hall not vary the Dire&ion of the Road or Street, and (hall be approved of by the

Truflees of the faid Roads: Provided alfo, that no Alteration wbat- j ever be made in the Foot Way leading from Grove Street to RuJfel Street.

* XXVII. And whereas, by reafon of taking down Houfes.and mak-4 ing Alterations in purfuance of this A6>, there may be Deficiencies 4 in the Produce of the Affeffments for Land Tax, and paving,

4 cleanfing, watching, and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates,

4 within the Parifh of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe% otherwife Redriffe,

4 in the County of SurreyBe it therefore further ena&ed. That the faid Company, from and after the palling of this A6t, (hall and will, for and during the Term of Three Years, or fuch other (horter time, within which the faid feveral Works hereby dire&ed to be made or done, by or on behalf of them, (hall be completed, be fubjed and liable to make good to the Came Parifh, with and out of the Monies to arife and be received by them the faid Company, under or by virtue of this A&, all fuch Sum or Sums of Money, which duriog fuch Term (hall be deficient in refpeft of the Produce of the AfTen-ments for Land Tax, and paving, cleanfing, watching and lighting, and Highway Rates and Poor’s Rates, within the faid Parifh, by reafon or means of the Alterations arifing from or occafioned by the making of the faid Docks, and other Works and Premifes which (hall belong thereto, according to the Produce of fuch feveral Aficff-11	menu

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iJio.

5o° GEO. Ill,

C.ccrlK

493

mmta and Rates refpeftivcly from the Twenty ninth Day of ber Ooethoufand eight hundred and eight, to the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and (hall pay the fame accordingly to the feveral Colleftors of the faid Taxes and Rate*: Provided always, that when and fo foon as after this Aft {hall be carried into Execution, the Produce or Payments for and in refpcffc of the feveral AlTeffments for Land Tax, and paving, cleanf-ing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor’s Rates, or any of them, of ana for all and lingular fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wbatfoever, as for the time being (hall be Handing upon or Part of the Lands, and other Hereditaments in the faid Parilh, which (hall be purchafcd for making and uling the faid Docks, and other Works and Premifes which (hall belong thereto, lhall raife a larger Sum of Money at the fame RateOrr round than the Sum raifea by the AlTeffments from the faid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and eight, to tne faid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, of and for all and Singular fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever, now iifuated in the faid Parilh, as lhall be purchafed for the fame laft mentioned Purpofes, that then the Surplus lhall, in the firil Place, be applied and paid to the faid Company, towards re-imburfing them what they lhall have paid for or in refpeft of the aforefaid Deficiencies in the AlTeffments for Land Tax, and paving, cleanfing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Popr’s Rates refpeftively, and fo from time to time, when and as often as there (hall be any Surplus, until the faid Company lhall be wholly re-imburfed and repaid all Monies which they {hall have diiburfed to make good fuch Deficiencies.

* XXVIII. And whereas certain Parts of the Ground of feveral 4 of the Streets and other Paffages and Places, within the faid Parilh 4 of Saint Mary at Rotherbitbc otherwife Redriffc% and dcfcribed to 4 be within the Limits of the faid intended Docks, have been pur-4 chafed and paved under the Direftions of a certain Ad paffed in the 4 Twenty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, intituled, 4 An AS for better paving, cleanjing% lighting and watching the Streets, 4 leanest Tardit Courts, Alleys and Paffages within the Parijh of Saint 4 Mary at Rothcrhithc otherwife Reariffe, in the County of Surrey, 4 and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances t herein t 4 at a very confiderable Expence, which was defrayed as well by 4 Money borrowed on Life Annuities as at Intereft; and if fuch 4 Parts of the Ground of fuch Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Al-4 leys and Paffages, were taken away and deltroyed, the Securities 4 of the faid Annuitants and Bond Creditors would be much leff-4 ened and weakened;’ Be it therefore enafted, That for all fuch Parts of the faid Parilhes of Saint Mary Rotherhithef otherwife Redrtjfct and Places adjacent thereto, as have been purchafed or paved under the Authority of the faid Aft, and within the Limits propofed for the (aid Docks, the faid Company lhall, on their requiring Poffelfion of any fuch Parts of the Ground of fuch Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Paffages or Places, for the Purpofes of the faid intended Docks, pay or caufe to be paid to the Commilfioners appointed under and by virtue of the faid lait-mentioned paving Aft, the Value as well of all fuch Ground fo purchafed by

the

Company to make Compcufft* tion tc> Com-miffionm for cpt'cutioj? the Pavinp Aft of laG.a. c. si. for Lofs of Ground, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

4W

C. mil.

$6* GEO. IIL

A.O.1810.

*c.

Swing Bridge^ to be made over Cuts conne&ing Docks with River Thames.

the faid CommifHoners for making the faid Streets, as alfo of the Foot Pavement, Stones, Pebble* and other Materials, which Were ufed by the faid Commiflioners in and about paving fuch Streets, Paf* fages or Places as aforefaid.

* XXIX. And whereas it may become necefiary for the faid Dock

*	Company to take up the prefent Pavement in different Parts of the

*	faid Parifh of Rotherhttbe, in order, by raifing the Ground, to

*	form inclined Planes for the Purpofe of enabling Carts, Carriages

*	and Paffenger8, to pafs over the Sluices or Cuts propofed to be

*	made, to conned the faid intended Docks with the River Thames Company to Be it therefore ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Dock Company (hall at repave Streets, any time or times after the pafling of this Ad take tip any of the takT? of ^>avement'*n Faid Parish of Rotherhithe, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, thcVavments, Courts, Alleys and Paflages, where fuch Pavement (hall have been

, taken up (hall be paved again in a Workmanlike Manner, at the Ex-

?;nce, Cofts and Charges of the faid Dock Company ; and as to the avement which shall be laid by the faid Dock Company on th£ faid inclined Planes, or any other newly made Ground, the fame (hall be kept in Repair by the faid Dock Company, at their own Cofls and Charges, for the Space of Three Yeare from the time of the making or laying of fuch Pavement.

* XXX. And whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Bufi-• nefs of the Inhabitants of the Parifh of Rotherhithe fhould be • interrupted or delayed as little as may be ;* Be it therefore enaded, That the faid Dock Company (hall conftrad or make one Swing Bridge over every Cut or Sluice to be made for conne&ing the (aid Docks with the River Thanes, and one Platform, Bridge or Footway over each Dockgate, at every fuch Cut or Sluice, and that either the faid Swing Bridge, or One of the faid Platform-Bridges, or Footways, fhall be kept (hut for the Paflage of Carts, Carriages or Pafiengers, (unlefs in Cafes where it fhall be unavoidably neceffary to keep open all the faid Bridges) and that the inclined Planes leading to the faid Swing-Bridges fhall not be deeper than at the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Height.

XXXt. Provided always, and be it Further ena&ed. That nothing in this Act contained fhall extend, or be conftmed to extend, to alter, leffen or vary the Powers and Authorities contained in the faid Aft palled in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, /in Aft for l:tter paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Pojfngcs within the Parijb of Saint Mary at Rothcrhithe otkerwfe Redriffc, in the County of Surrey.

XXXII. Provided always, and he it enacted, That before any Bridge or Bridges fhall be made, or any Road or Highway fhall De cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purpofes of this Ad, the faid Company fhall, and they are hereby required in lieu thereof, at their proper Cofts and Charges, to fet out, make and properly fecure and finifh, to the Satisfaction of the Truftees or Surveyors of the Road or Highway, Roads or Highways rcfpe&ivelv to be cut ibto, broken up or altered, a good Road or Way, fafe, At and convenient for all Perfons, Horfes and Carriages, to go, pafs and repafa over the fame, to and from the remaining Parts of the laid Road or Highway, Roads or Highways fo to be cut into, broken up or altered, proper Drains for carrying off the Water from the fame.

6	XXXIII.	And

Th» A& not to alter the I’owen of

83G.3. c. 31.

No Bridge to be made, or Road broken tip, till another Hoed made by the Company.

Digitized by Google

AJXi8io/	50*	GEO.	III.	C.	ccvil.	49

XXXIII.	Add %e it further ena&ed, That any and every Road Temporary •r Way to be made for the Pafiage of Travellers, during the time u^e . of building aniy and every Bridge, (hall be kept and maintained by the

laid Company in good State and Condition, until any and every fuch completed. Bridge (hall be completely finiihed, and until the Truftees or Five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways re-fpe&ively, of any Road, Street or Highway to be cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purpofe of building fuch Bridge or Bridges*

(ball certify that the faia Bridge or Bridges, with the Road or Roads over the fame, (hall be fate, fit and convenient for the patting and repaffing of Perfons, Horfes and Carriages.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That every Bridge to be ManneroTbuIld. brik by virtue of this Ad over any of the Publick Roads, under the <ing Management of the faid Truftees, (hall be built of Stone or Bricks,

with good and found Materials, and that the Roadway over the fame (hall be of the Width of Twenty fix Feet in the Clear at the lead, and that the Roadways to the Centre of fuch Bridge (hall be made with regular and gradual Afcents of One Foot in the Length of every Thirty Feet, or of fuch other regular and gradual Afcents as (hall be direded or required by the Truftees, or any Five or more of them, of any and every Road or Highway on or over which fuch Bridge or Bridges (hall be made or adjoin ; and the (aid Roadways, Paths-or Caulewsys, oa every fuch Bridge, (hall be fupported, and the Pafiage over the fame freured and maintained by proper Embankments faced with Stone or Bricks, or by Pods and Rails, and each Side of the Sorface thereof, by and at the Expence of the faid Company, aad to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Truftees; and from and after any fuch Bridge (hall be fo creeled, the fame, and all and every the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Copings, Pods, Rails, and other Fences thereto belonging, (hall, at all times for ever thereafter, be repaired and kept in good State and Condition by and at the Cods ipd Charges of the faid Company, to the Satisfaction of the Trudees,

CommHfioner8 or Surveyors aforefaid: Provided nererthelefa, that Prorifo nothing herein contained (hall be conftroed to oblige or compel the faid Company to maintain and keep m Repair the Surface of the Road over any fuch Bridge from and after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next following the Day on which the Pafiage over tie faid Bridge and Road (hall be certified by the faid Truftees, or aay Five of them, to be fafe, fit and convenient for the palling and repairing of Perfons, Horfes and Carriages.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Com* Oo Negl*9 f»y pany, or their Succcfibrs for the time being, (hall at any time negled Company, Beta make or feerne fuch Way or Pafiage as aforefaid, before and dur-

ing the building of any fuch Bridge and Bridges, or to repair, fup- co.nmiffi^era, port and maintain fuch Bridge and Bridges, and the Piers, Walls, or Survcyon Abutments, Banks, Copings, Pods!, Rails or Fences thereof, or any of Hotds and of them, for the Space of Foarteen Days next after Notice requiring Highways, the fame, in Writing, under the Hands of any Five or more of the faid Truftees before mentioned, (Kali be given or left for the faid Company at the Houfe, Lodge or Office of the faid Company, or given to die Treafurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the faid Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Place or Places of Abode, then, and in ewn Rich Cafe* it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees or Surveyors

refpe&ively,

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

49<5	C.	ccvil.	50°	GEO.	III.

Conpftny empowered to arch •ter and make ftevStwerg,

•j

Notice to Com-miffioncrs of Sewers of Intention to arch over or make lew Scwcra.

refpe&ively, to caufe fuch Way* or Paflage, Bridge or Bridget, and the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Coping*, Polls, Rail?, and other Fences, to be made, fecured, repaired and amended, as the Cafe may require, and the Charges and Expences thereof, toge. ther with a further Sum of One Penny for every Penny kid out and expended thereabouts, fhall be paid by the faid Company to the {aid Truftees or Surveyors refpe&ively, caufing the faid Works to be done; and in cafe the faid Company fhall negleft to pay what (hall be fo paid, laid out and expended, together with the Sum on which One Penny for every Penny expended, laid out or incurred, {hall amooot unto, within Fourteen Days next after Notice thereof (hall be left at the Houfe, Lodge or Office of the faid Company, or given to the Treafurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the kid Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling Houles, or Place or Places of Abode, which Notice {hall be in Writing, figned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, or by the faid. Surveyor or Surveyors, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of fuch Charges and Expences, it (hall and may be lawful to and for soy Five or more of the faid Truftees for the time being, or the Sur-veyor or Surveyors before mentioned, as the Cafe may require, is their Names, and they are hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought, any A&ion or Adions in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Wcttmwjler, again ft the faid Company for the Recovery thereof, and therein to recover fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall or may be fo laid out, expended or incurred, together with One Penny for every Penny on the Amount thereof, and full Colls of Suit, in which A&ion no Effoin, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Company to caufe all or any Sewers or Drains, which (hall lie and be in or near the intended Docks or other Work^ which {hall belong thereto, to be arched over, filled or Hopped up, widened or otherwife altered, as they fhall think ueceflary for making and completing the faid Docks and other Works, fo at the faid Company do and (hall previous thereto make and conllrufl, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and conftru&, in lieu of the Sewers and Drains fo to be filled and flopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of fufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premifes adjoining or near to the (aid Works, and as ferviceable and convenient in all refpeSs as the Sewers or Drains fo to be filled or {lopped up, and fo as that all fuch widening, altering hnd conftru&ing of Sewers and Drains by them as afore-faid, (hall be done under the immediate Infpe&ion and Dire&ion, and to the Satisfa&ion of His Majefty’s Juft ices and Commiffioners of Sewers for the Limits, extending from Eaft Mouldfiy in the County of Surrey to Ravcnfborne in the County of Kent; and all fuch new Sewers and Drains (hall, immediately on their being made, become veiled in, and be and remain under the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Com-miflioners of Sewers.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafled, That whenever the faid Company of”Proprietors (hall deem it neceftary to arch over, fill, or ftop up, widen or otherwife alter any Sewer or Drain in or near the kid iuteuded Docks, Notice in Writing thereof, figned by the Secretary*

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.iSio.	50'* GEO. IIL	C.	cCvii.	.	4*7

tary, Clerk or Surveyor to the faid Company, {hall be given to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners of Sewers, fpecifying the Work deemed neceflary to be done, and on Receipt thereof the faid Clerk lhall and he is hereby required t6 convene a Meeting of the faid Com* miffioners, or any Six or more of them, within Fourteen Days after fuch Notice, to view the Sewer or Drain fo deemed neceflary to be arched over, filled or flopped up, widened or altered 5 and the faid Commiflioners are hereby required to view the faid Premifes, and thereon or within Twenty Days thereafter, to make fucK Order and Direction for the arching over, filling or flopping up, widening or. altering any fuch Sewer or Drain, or in lieu thereof, for the making, conftru&ing or forming any other Sewer or Drain, as to them the' iaid Commiflioners (hall feem meet and requifite; and after fuch Order and Direction {hall be made, and Payment of the Charges and Expences attending the fame, and of fuch View and Survey, and after the making of fuch new Sewer or Drain, in the cafe of filling or flopping up any prefent Sewer or Drain, hut not before, it fhaU and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to caufe the Sewer or Drain, Sewers or Drains, mentioned arid fpecified in the faid Notice to be arched over, filled or flopped up, widened or altered, as the Cafe fhaU require, according to the Order and Direction of the faid Commiflioners in that behalf made, and not otherwife.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no Slip or NoDrjor Slips, D17 Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place for the build- Grwriug Docks ing, heaving down, or repairing of Ships or other Veflels, (hall at any to. ^

time hereafter be made or built, or permitted or fuffered to be made	^

or built within the Walls furrounding any of the faid Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Bakins or Entrances which Hull belong thereto, nor fhall any Communication at any time hereafter be made into the faid Commercial Dock, or to any of the Bafons or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place, for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Veflds, which hereafter may be adjoining to the laid Commercial Docks, or to any of the Bafons or Entrances which may belong thereto; nor fhaU the laid Commercial Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on, or be otherwife concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of building	*

or repairing the Hulls or Mads of Ships or Veflels for Hire or Profit: Provided alfo, that nothing in this A& contained fhall pre-vent or hinder the faid Company from letting or demifing the Ship Yard and Premifes belonging to them, and now in the Occupation of Daniel Brent Efqnire, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or from permitting or allowing Docks, Slips and Communications to be made upon or from the Ship Yards, Land and Premifes near the faid Commercial Dock, and already eflablifbed or ufed as a Dock Yard or Dock Yards, or any way conne&ed therewith.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Dire&ors, or Poirertojwr-any Five or more of them, by and with the Confent of the major

Part of the Proprietors of the faid Docks and Premifes, prefent at 10 any General Meeting or General Meetings aflemhled for the Pur-pofe, from time to time, (hall have full Power and Authority for all or any the Purpofes aforefaid, to contra& and agree, and to employ any Perfon or Perfons to contrail and agree with the Owner or 50 Geo. IIL	X	k	Owners,

Digitized by

Google

C.ccvii.

5©e GEO. 1H»

A.D.1S1&

49*

Limitation for Power for Five

Yun.

Power to oontraA with Jofcpli Moore for tlie ) urdufe of certain La ids, £u.

Ipctpacitated JVrloi*, and Jhxlirft Cor-jH>ra»e, &c. authorized to Wl and convey.

Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all fucb Hoofes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind To-ever, in or near the Pariih aforefaid, within the (limits in the Plaa depofited with the Clerk of the Pe|ce for the County of Surrey^ and fpecitied in the Schedule marked (A.l hereunto annexed, as they (hall judge neceffary, to purchafe, employ, pull down, remove, alter or make ufe of, in and about the Works and Concerns of the (aid Pocks, Bafons, Ponds, Entrance or Entrances, Communication or Inlets, Cuts or Quays, or any of them, or for the purpofe of enlarging or improving the fame.

XL. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if the faid Company (hall not, within the Space of Five Years next after the palling of this A&, agree for or caufe to be valued, as hereafter is pientioned, and purchafethe Houles, Building*, Land6, Tenements and Hereditaments, which they are hereby empowered to purch&fe as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth aU the Powers to them hereby granted for fuch Purpofc only, (hall ceafe, determine and be utterly void, and of none enett, any thing herein contained to the coa? trary notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the Proprietors of the faid Docks, at any General Court or Courts of the Proprietors to be held within One Calendar Month after the paling of this A&, to contra& and agree with Jofeph Moore of Dorb-fag, in the County of Surrey, the Owner of certain Lands in the County of Surrey lying near to the faid Docks, for the Purchafe of the faid Lauds, not exceeding in the whole Forty live Aere*, and which are comprifed in the faid Plan depofited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid: Provided always, that no fucb Contract (hall be valid, unlefs the fame (hall be duly entered into at One General Court of the ‘faid Proprietors, and confirmed at another General Court, to be holden at the Pittance of Seven Days from fuch Firk General Court; and unlefs Notice of holding fuch General Courts (hall be given at lead Ten Days previoufly to fuch Firft Court, by publick Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four of the London Newfpapers, and which Notice (hall fpecify and fet forth the Obje& for which fuch General Courts are to be held.

XL1I. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others having s partial or qualified Intercft or Eftate in any Houfes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Huibands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Truf-tees and Feoffees in Tnift for Charities or other Pun>ofe8, Committees, Executors or Adminittrators, and all other Per(onj whatever, not only on Behalf of themfelvcs and their rrfpe&iye Heirs, Executors, Adminittrators and Succefiors, but alfo on Behalf of all Perfons entitled in Reverfion or Remainder, expc&ant on an Eftate Tail, and on Behalf of all Perfons entitled in Reverfion or Remainder ex-pc&ant on an Eftate for Life, or other lefs Eftate, or by way o{ Executive Devife, in cafe fuch Perfon (hall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on Behalf of their refpe&ive Wives and Cejhu<p* Trufts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, ‘Femes Covert, or others, and for all and every other Perfon or Perfonf whomsoever who are and (hall be feifed of or interetted in any fuch Houfes, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments! to treat and agm

with

Digitized by CjOOQlC

A.D.i8io.

C. CCTUfl

499

500 GEO, IIL

jrith the Cud Company, or with the faid Diredors, or any Fire m more of them at afordaid, for the abfolute Sale, and to lell and coavey to them all fuch Houfes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as fiull be adjudged neceffary and convenient fur the Purpofes aforrfaid % and that all Cootra&s, Agreements, Leafes, Conveyances and other A Hu ranee s, which (hall be bonafide made for the Purpofes aforrfaid,

(hall be good and effedual'in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; all which Con t rads, Agreements, Leafes, Sales, or Conveyances and Afiitr-ances, (hall be made at the Expence of the faid Company of Pro* prietors, which laid Leafes, Sales, Conveyances and Aflurancet (hall be kept by the Clerk or Solicitor to the faid Company of Proprie* tors, who (hall from time to time, when requeued, deliver atiefted Copies thereof to any Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, and re* quiriog the feme, at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons fo require ing the fame.	N

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Body or Bodief CompaHum to Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Perfons Ml, •••<* Sstiw feifed or poffeued of or interefted in any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands,	to	^

Tenements or Hereditaments as aforeiaid, (hall refufe to treat or agree, # or (hill not agree, or by reafon of Abfence or Difability cannot agree ‘ with the faid Dire&ors, or with any Perfon or Perfons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their refpedive E dates and Inter? (Is therein, or cannot be found or known, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes they are in Pofleflion of, or to the Jntereft they claim therein, to the Satisfadion of the faid Diredors, or of the Perlon or Perfons fo authorized by them, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for the feid Diredors, or Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to iflue a Warrant or Warrants,

Precept or precepts, direded to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the County,

City, Divifion or Liberty, wherein the Premifes (hall refpedively he or be, who is hereby authorized, direded and required accordingly, to impannel, fummon and return a competent Number of fukftantml and difinterefted Perfons, qualified to ferve on Juries, not lefe than Juiy.

Forty, nor more than Seventy two, and out of fuch Perfons fo to be impannflled, fummoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men (hall be drawn by fome Perfon, to be by the faid Diredors appointed, m fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of I flues joined in His Majefty’s Courts at Wcflmiujlet* are by an Ad made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, King George the Second, intituled, An s G. a. c. 95, AQfor tie better Regulation of Juries direded to be drawn, which Perfon! fo to be impaqneQed, fummoned, and returned as aforrfaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey, at fame Court of General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the fame County, or at fome Adjournment thereof, to be holden within the Borough of Southwark, or within Twelve Miles thereof, as in fuch Warrant Of Warrants, Precept or Precepts, (hall be direded and appointed, and to attend fuch Court of Qenqral Quarter-Seflioos, or Adjournment, from Day to Day until difeharged by the faid Court, and all Per* fans concerned (hall and may have their lawful Challenges again ft any CUIlnip. of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array ; and the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and impowercd, by preceptor Precepts* from time to time, ai Qccafton (hallrequire,

'	*	k	*	to

Digitized by

Google

400

C. ceril.

A.D.1810.

56® GEO. Ill/

Witntflcs ejc-*mined.

Aflouraxpent,

ic. ■

Notice to

to call before them aH and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoevert *ho ihall be thought proper and neccffary to be examined as a Wit? nefsor Witneffea, on nis, her or their Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, touching or concerning the Premifes ; and the faid Juftices, if they think fit, (hall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewife authorize the f^id jury to view the Place or Places, or Premifes in queftion, in fuch manner as they (hall direft ; and the faid Juftices (hall have full Power to adjourn fuch Court from Day to Day, as Occafion (hall require, and command fuch Jury, Witnefs, and Parties to attend until all fuch Affairs for which they were fum-moned (hall be concluded, and the faid Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths or Affirmations of fuch Perfons or Perfon as (hall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Juftices are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) (hall enquire of the Value of fuch fioufes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refpeftive Eftate and Interefts of all and every Perfon and Perfons feifed or poflefled thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and (hall affefs or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Parties or Party refpeftively, for the Purchafe of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of fuch refpeftive Eftates and Interefts therein, and alfo for Good Will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage that may affeft any fuch Person or Perfons, Party or Parties, either as Leafehold or Tenant at Will, provided that fuch Good-Will (hall be eftimated by what, in the Opinion of fuch Jury, the fame would have been worth, in cafe the Improvements intended by this Aft had not been in Contemplation ; and the faid Juftices (hall and may give Judgment for fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be aflefled, which Verdift or Verdi&s, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Perfon or Perfons interefted, or claiming fo to be, at lead Fourteen Days before the time of the Meeting of the faid Juftices as aforefaid) and the Jury, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at his, her or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpeftively intended to be valued, (hall be binding and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, againft all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all and every Perfon or Perfons claiming any Eftate, Right, Title, Truft, Ufe or Intereft in to or out of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes in Pof-fefiion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expeftancy, as well Infants, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Perfons under any other legal Incapacity or Difability, and all other Cefluique Trufti, their, his, and her Heirs, Sufcceflors, Executors and Ad^inffirators, and againft all other Perfons whomfoever; and the faid Verdifts, Judgments, Determination* and all otheV Proceedings of the faid Juftices and Juries fo to be made, given and"pronounced as aforefaid, Jhall be fairly written on Parchment, and figned by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, of the County, City, Divifion, Diftrid or Liberty, wherein the rremifes (hall refpeftively lie or be 5 and i0 cafe it (hall fo happen that the Sum or Sums of Money foto be aftef-•fed, in confluence of fuch Refufal to treat and agree as aforefaid, as the Value of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenement§or He^e-

diumentSj

Digitized by Google

A.D.iSio.	50*	GEO;	IIL	C. ccviiict

djtamenU, or at fuch proportionable Value at aforefaid, and as the Reoprapence and Satisfaction to be made for thf Injury or Damage fuftained as before mentioned refpe&ively, fhall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the faid Dire&ors, or any Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, (hall nave previoufly offered to pay as and for fuch Value, Recompence and Satisfaction, then, and in every fuch Cafe, all the reafonable Cods, Charges and Expences of caufing and procuring fuch Value and Recompenc^ to be afTefTed and awarded,* as aforefaid, and of fo afTefling and awarding the fame* fhall lje borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfons fo feifed or poffefled of, or intereftea ip fuch1 Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* and fo fufing to treat and agree as before mentioned refpe&ively ; and the faid Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to deduCt and retain the Cofts, Charges and Expences* out of the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be aiTeifed or awarded as aforefaid,* or out of any Part thereof ; and in cafe the Sum or Sums fo afTefTed or awarded as aforefaid fhall exceed the Sum or Sums of Money offered by the faid Directors, then fuch Cofts as aforefaid fhall be paid by the (aid Directors out of the Funds of the faid Company 2 Provided always, that in all Cafes PfOfUol where any Perfon or Perfons fhall, by reafon ot Abfence, have been prevented from treating refpe&ing fuch Recompence aod Satis* faCtion as aforefaid, the Whole of fuch Cofts, Charges fand Expen* ces fhall be borne and paid by the faid Company in manner aforefaid.	•	-jf

XLIV. And be it further enaCted, That tlie faid Juftices (frail have Power from time to time, to impofe any reafonable Fine, not,	**

exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on fuch Sheriff or Bailiffs,;,pr his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents refpe&ively, making Default in the Premifes, and on fcny of the Perfons who fhall be fummoned and returned on any fuch Jury or Juries and fhall not appear, or/ appearing, (hall refufe to be fwom on the faid Jury or Juries, or being fo fworn fhall not give his or their VerdiCt; and alfo on any Perfon or Petfons who fhall be fummoned to give Evidence touching, any of the Matters aforefaid, and fhall not attend, or, attending, fhall retufe to be fwom or affirm, or who fhall refufe to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Perfon or Perfons who fhall. in any other manner wilfully negleCt his, her or their Duty in the Premife9, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A Cl, and from time to time to levy fuch Fine or Fines, by order of the faid Juftices, b,y How Fines to Vi Diftrefs ana Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners* and that a Copy of the Order of the faid Juftices, figned by the Clerk for the time being, of the County, City, Divifion, DiftriCt or Liberty/ wherein the Premifes (hall lie or he, as the cafe (hall require, fhall, re-» fpe&ively, be fufficient Authority lo the Perfon or Perfons therein to be appointed, and to every fuch other Perfon a&ing, or aiding and affiftmg therein, to make fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and all fuch Fines (hall be paid to the Treafurer or Banker of the laid Dock Company for the time being, to be applied to the Purpofes of this ACf.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed, That the Conveyance of any Bargain and Sale* fuch Eftatesor Interefts of any Feme Covert, to. the faid Dire&ars inrolled to br as ©r their Succeffors, or any Perfon or Perfons in Trufcfor tfiem, by eft^ual as Re-

Kkj	Indenture

Digitized by Google

C. ccvii.

A.D.iSn^

S«2

GEO. Ilf.

Indr nture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, fealed and delivered by fuch Feme Coverts, in the Prefence of, and attefted by Two of more credible Witnefles, and duly acknowledged, and to be inroHed in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, (hall as ene&ually and abfolutely convey the Eftate , and f iltered of fuclt Feme Covert in the Premifes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuffered thereof in due Form of Law 5 and further, that all Bargain# and Sal^s whatfoever to be made of any fuch Honfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as (hall be purchafed by the laid Directors or their Sticceflbrs, by virtue and for the Purpoles of this A£t, and inrolled as aforefatd, (hall have the Hke Force, Effe£l, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatfoever would have had if levied or fuffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Perfon or Perfona feifed of or entitled to any Edatc or Intereft in the Premifes, in Truft for fuch Bargainer or Bargainers in any Manner or Form whatfoever. ErttmHputebaM XLVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon Pay-to vriUbfofcnely ment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money fo agreed or affeffed it the Company. ^ pajd to tj|e p^y or parties entitled thereto, or upon depofit-ing the fame ia the Bank of Ehgland, in manner by this A& directed,-#• the Cafe may be, the fevera! Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof the fame (hall have beet* fo paid, tendered or depofited, as aforefaid, /hall veft in the Dirc&ors of the faid Company, in manner and for the Purpofes aforefaid* wbo (hall be deemed in Law to be in the adtral Poflfeffion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fired and difcharged from all former and other Ettates, Rights, Titles, Ioterefts, Claims Sod Demands whatfoever.

AppWmr <jT XLVil. And be it further erased, ThA if any Money (hallbe Cmip-nfsrion . agreed or Swarded to be paid for any Houfes, onildings. Lands, Monry where Tenements or Hereditament?, or for any other Matter, Right or In-exceeding 200I. tfcreftj 0f what Nature or Kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this A ft, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfona under any other Dilability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (baft amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be p4fd into the Bank of England, in the Name and with tke Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parie the Commercial Dock Company, together with the Names of fuch Perfon or Perfoni as Five or more of the faid Directors (hall, by Writing (igned by them, dmedk and appoint, to the intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be ftgnified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would wive been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements •rHefcdtomenti, in the Purchafe of Land Tax, or towards the JpHcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affcding the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Handing fettled to the feme or the like Ufes, Intents and Purpofes ; nr where fuch Money flail not be fo applied, then the fame full be bid

ost

Digitized by Google

AJD.i8io.	50®	GIO.	in.	C.	ccril.	503

oat and irtTcfted under the Direfiidn and Approbation of the fud Court, ia the Purchase of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be conreyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufet, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and isrf the fame manner as the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken or ufcd as afore-fidd, flood fettled of limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the laid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Confoli-dated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Puipcfes afbrefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall, from time to time, be paid by order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby dire&cd to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Applinrion Money fb agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houfes, Buildings, where Compen* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right **tion 0r Intereft, of what Nature or Kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purposes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation,

Ur to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as afore-laid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes the lame (hall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifea fb purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Htnds, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General, and to be placed to his Account afore- .

(aid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or other-wife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Directors, fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in oider that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing therefrom, may be applied in any planner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without ebttiniog or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further eoaffad, That where Application fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before men- wh«t Money boned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, ***** the fame fhall be applied to the Ufa of the Peribn or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premiies fo purchafed, taken or ufed for tike Purpofes of this A&, in fuch manner as tht faid Dire&ors, or any Five or more of (boot* fhall think fit, or in cafe of Iofaucy or

Kk 4	Lunacy,

Digitized by

Google

5°4

C. ccril.

50° GEO. IIL

A.D.1810.

In cafe of not nuking umt Ticks, lie.

Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to or for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Per-fons fo entitled refpe&ively.

L. And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfona to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded as aforefaid, (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifet, to the Satis-fadion of the faid Dire&ors, or any Five or more of them, or (hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom luch Sum or Sums of Money Jhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid Dire&ors, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money atteffed and awarded for any fuch Purchafe, or in recompence for any Damage as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of tbe Parties interefted in the (aid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (dc-feribing them) fubje& to the Order, Controul and Difpofition of the faid Court; which faid Court, upon the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuen Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion pr Petition, (hall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the faid Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Publick Fund?, and to order Diftibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe£tive Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereto, and to make fuch Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall feem jufl and reafonable : and the Calhier or Carriers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, mentioning and ipecifying toy what and for whofe Ufe the, fame is or are received, to fuch rerton or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Where anyQttff- LI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That where any tion (h*ll arife Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money touching Title*0 to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pn-Moweytobepd , Q£ Accountant General of the Court of Chaiu'ery, in pnr-rion deemed°ia- fuance of this A A, for the Purchafe of any Lands, 'fienements or titled.	Hereditaments,	or	any Eftate, Right or Intereft, in any* Lands, Te-

nements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuancetof this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Poifeilion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Per-- *	fons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken

to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands,.Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfa&ien of the faid Court; and the Dividends and Intereft of the faid Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the *£aid Court that fuck Pofleflion was a wrongful PofleilioD, and that 7	foaie

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.iSia.	fo#	GEO.	Ill:	C.	ecru.

{one other Perfon or Perfons wu or were lawfully entitled to foch, JLand* Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Interefk therein.

Jhl I. ProTided always, and be it further enaded. That where by remfon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands. Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of this A&, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this A€t, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expenccs of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Ex pence* as the Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the necedary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Company, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall dired.

LIII. And be it further ena&ed. That every Tenant at Will, or Leilee for a Year, or any other Perfon or Perfons in Podeffion of any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which (hall be purchased by virtue of this Ad, and who (hall have no greater Intereft in the faid Lands and Premiffs than as Tenants at Will, or Ledee for a Year, or from Year to Year, (hall deliver up the Podeilion of fuch Premifes to the (aid Diredors, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Diredors, or any Five or more of them, (hall appoint to take Podeffion of the fame, having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit fuch Podeffion from the faid Diredors, or any Five or more of them, or from the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them *5 and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, (whether fuch Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of fuch Tenants holding or not,) or fo foon after as he, (he or they (hall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Podeffion of the faid Premifes to the faid Diredors, or any Five or more of them, or to the Perfon or Perfons authorised to take Pof-feffion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo in Podeffion as aforefaid (hail refufe to give fuch Podeffion as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Diredors to idue their Precept or Precepts to the Sherid or Sherids of the County or City wherein the faid Premifsl (hall or may be fituated, to deliver Podeffion of the faid Premifes tAfuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall in fuch Precept or Prer cepts be nominated to receive the fame, and the faid Sherid or Sherids is and are hereby required to deliver fuch Podeffion accordingly, and to levy fuch Cods as lhall accrue from the iduing and Execution of fuch rrecept or Precepts on the Perfon or Perfcms fo refufing to give Podeffion as aforefaid, by Didrefa and Sale of his, her *>r their Goods.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be a Tenant or Tenants at Will, or a Ledee or Ledees of any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, fhall be required to give up his, her or their Right or Intered in the fame, before the Expiration of the Terra he, (he or they (hall have therein, then, and in fuch Cafe, the faid Company (hall, and they are hereby

required

s°%

CourtViay or Jar reafooable Ex-pencet of Pur-chafer* to be paid by Com-(any.

Tenant* at Will to deliver Poflef-fion on Six Months Notice.

In cafe Tenants at Will or Lef-fees of Honfe* or Lands required ta give up their Intereft therein. Company tomake Compensation.

Digitized by Google

jot C. cctil#	56®	GEO.	I1L	AJXiftto*

required t6 makfc Satisfaction and Compeofatfon far fi>A Right or Intereft Co given up. And in cafe the find Tenant or Tenants,Leffee or LefTecs, and the faid Company cannot agree as to the Amount of filch Satisfaction and Competition as aforefidd, then the femt (hall he inquired into, and ascertained by a Jury, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed with refped to the difputed Value of Pic-jrtifes Wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad.

MortgnpewOn LV. %And be it further enaded, That all tod every Perfon at' Tmder of Prin- Pferfons'who (hall fr*te any Mortgage or Mortgages on Uich Houles, cipd and intereft	Land*	and Hereditaments, not beings in Pofieffion thereof

COOV<^* Iry virtue of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, fhml, on Tender of the principal Money and Intereft doe thereon, together with the Amount 6f Six Calendar Months Intereft on the find Principal by the laid BireCtOfs, or any Five or more of them, or by fuch Perfon Or Perfects as they ftndl appoint, immediately convey, afiign and transfer fath Mortgage or Mortgages to the faid Directors, or any Fire or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, or in cafe filch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall have Notice, in Writing, from the find Diredors, or any Five or more of them, ot from fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, that they will pay and difeharge the faid principal Money and Intereft which (hall be doe on the faid Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed froth the Day of giving fuch Notice, that then at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, 00 Payment Of the Principal and Intereft fo due, fuch Mortgagee at Mortgagees (hall convey, affign and transfer his, her or their Intereft in the find Premifet fo the find Diredort, of any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall bO appointed in Trad for them5 and in cafe fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall refute to convey and affign as afbrefaid on fuch Tender or Payment, that thea ill Intereft on every fuch Mortgage (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

Cbmputy not to LVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe 1*7	the Sum due upon fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Inteirft

doe thereon, fhtil amount to more than the retd Value of the Pie-mifes, to be ascertained as dheded by this Ad, then the faid Company (hall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than filch real value of fuch Premifes fo afeertained as aforcfrtd, and On Payment or Tender thereof the laid Diredors, or any Five or more of them, or fuch Perions as (hall be by them appointed, (haQ be entitled to the Right and Intereft of fuch Mortgages rcfpec-lively.

Upon Payment LVII. And be it further enaded, That upon Payment of the ©f Principal arxl principal Money and Intereft due on any Mortgage or Mortgages Wft i»to the ag	5nt0	the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar

Phtnifra to veft Montlrt, from the Day of giving fuch Notice as afotefaid, for the 2a Company. Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Ca(hier or Ca(hicrs of the Bank (hall give a Receipt or Receipts for the faid Money, im like manner as is hereinbefore direded in Cafes of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim and Demand of the faid Mortgagee nr Mortgagees, and of all and every Perfon and Perfons in Truft for him, her or them, (hall veft in the faid Diredors or the faid Company, and they (hall be deemed to be in the adual Poftefion of the 6	Premifes

A.S.i8i0«

So* GEO. HI;

C.ccviu

S*7

P^irfMef comprifed in fnch Mortgage or Mortgages, to aH Intent* And Puipofes whatfoever.

LVIII. Provided always, That nothing m this Aft contained (Ml extend, Or be deemed or conftrved to extend to anthorife and empower the faid Company to take'more than Three Quarters of an Acre of a certain Field belonging to Edward George Barnard, fitoate in the faid Parifli of Saint Man Rntherbkhe* and near or idjoitfing to the^ Dock-yard there, the faid Three Quarter* of ad Acre to be taken at the Weft End of the faid Field, and to be fed off in ftreh way, that the extreme Breadth of the South End thereof; menfered along the Ditch which divides the faid Field from the Road, ftrarfl not exceed Eighty Feet, and that the Boundary froth North to South (hall be m a ftraight Line.

LlX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothin# herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorifc the faid Company or their Workmen w making any Entrance or Entrances from the River Thames to their faid Dock or Docks, to come within the Diftance of Two hundred Feet from the Houfes and Land now belonging to and in the Occupation of Sufannah NortheoU and WilTtam Northcote, bounded by chef faid River Thames on the North, and intermixed with, amd bounded by Premises -belonging to Lord Carteret and others on the Eaft, South and Weft Sided; nnleft the feid Company (hall have pnevioufly purchafed the fahf Houfes and Lands, and paid the Purchafe Money for the fame.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued td extend, to inpoe, -or in any wife affect the Right of the Company of Proprietors ot the Croydon Canal to make and ereft a Bafon, Wharfs, Warehoufes, and other Conveniences for the Ufe of the Trade of the Croydon Canal, on the Eaft Side of the Grand Surrey Canal, and on the South Side of the Dock or Bafon belonging to the Grand Surrey Canal Company, at Rotherhithe aforefaid, or in any other refpeft to abridge or afFeft the Power# contained in an Aft paffed in the Forty Srft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for making and maintaining a navigable Gan a I from or near the Town of Croydbn in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parijb Of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for Jhpplytng the Towns of Croydon, Streatham and Dulwich, and the DiftriS called Norwood, in the Parifb of Croydon, in the faid County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the faid Canal: Provided neverthelefs, that the Land to be made ufe ot for the faid Bafon, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Convenient?*, fo to be made and eTefted by the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal, (hall not exceed One Acre and an Half, and that the extreme Depth thereof, from the Grand Surrey Canal Eaftward, (hall not exceed One hundred and ninety Feet, nor the Average Depth One hundred and fixty five Feet, and that the Northern Extremity of the faid Bafon (hall not be formed at a greater Diftance than One hundred Yarda from the Bafon of the Grand Surrey Canal.

LX I. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft Contained (hall extend to prejudice or atteft any of the Rights or Privileges of tbe Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, granted to them by an Aft paffed in the Forty firft

Year

Company not to take more than Three Quarters of an Acre of afield belonging to&G,

Ulnk

Entrances from the Thame* not to be within *00 Feet of c4rt£tf frtmifau

Prorfefofr feting Right**? Proprietor* of theGvOpio* Canal*

41G. S. (U.K) c.

Prorifo for PrirU leges of Grand Surrey Canal Company, si G. a. (U.K.)

C. JUJU.

Digitized by

C.ccvii.

A.D.181??

508

50° GEO. Ill*

Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place tolled Wilkinfon’s Gun Wharf, in the Parijh of Saint Mary at Rother-hithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the faid Countyf and alfo divert collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the fame to certain Parijbes and Places within the Counties of 47G.a.,Seff« a. Surrey and Kent; and alfo by another palled in the Forty feventh c.lrn.	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A8 for

better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the fame; and alfo by another A& palled in the 48 G. a* «. xc'du Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A8 to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, to fapply with Water the feveral Towns, DifiriSs and Places therein mentionedy and to amend the fever al Ads relating to the faid Canal.

pixmfo for	LXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing

Thames Archway in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to in-Coropany. jure or prejudice the Rights or Powers of the Thames Archway Company, eftablilhed by an Ad of Parliament made and palled in 45 G. 9. c«cxvu. the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River .Thames, from the Parijh of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the oppofite Side of the fend River, in the County of Mid* dlefex.

Powertofell	LXIIL	And whereas, in purfuance of the Provilions of this

land not wanted Ad, and to avoid Difputep with the Owners of Lands, Grounds and h'6	Hereditaments,	wWch	may be affeded by the making of the faid

•it iaA6t* Docks and other Works, the faid Company may purchafe Lands, Buildings and other Hereditaments not neceffary to be made ufe of for the Purpofes of this Ad; Be it therefore further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company by Indenture, to grant and convey by way of abfolute Sale for a Confideration in Money, fuch Part or Parts of the Land* or Buildings which (hall be fo pur-chafed by, and conveyed to them as aforefaid, as fhall not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad, and the Conveyances from the faid Company (hall be valid and effedual; any thing in this Ad contained, or any other Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and that upon Payment of the Money which fhall arife by Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, it fhall be lawful for the Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being to the faid Company to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which’ Receipt (hall be fufficient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money, for which fuch Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments (hall be fo fold, or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipts fhall be acknowledged or exprcffed to be received ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lof6, Misapplication or Non-application of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the faid Company, before they fhall fell and difpofe of fuch Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, fhall firft offer to refell the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they fhall have purchafed the fame, or who would have been then entitled thereto, in cafe fuch Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments had not been purchafed by the laid Compauy, the Price at which the fame fhall be

refold,

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

£. ccv&

50° GEO. HI.

5°9

refold, being a<3jutted and fettled by a Jury, in like manner at the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this Ad is herein, before direfted to be fettled in cafe of Difference or Difpute as to the Value thereof, and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hail not agree, or fhall refufe to repurchafe the fame, it (ball be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons not interefted in the Premifes, to make an Affidavit, to be fworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey, dating that fuch Otter was made by or on behalf of the faid Company, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons did not agree, or refufed to purchafe fuch Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, as the cafe may be, and fuch Affidavit fhall, in all Courts, be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Otter was made, and was not agreed to or refufed.

LXIV. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Perjury. Perfons who fhall give falfe Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Aft, or where any Oath is required, fhall fwear falfely, or being a Quaker fhall falfely affirm, fhall be fubjeft to fuch Penalties and Difqualittcations as Perfons guilty of wilful and cor. rupt Peijury.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That it fhall Company rot to not be lawful for the faid Company to demand and take, and they are hereby reftrained from demanding and taking any greater Sums	than

of Money for the Dockage of Ships and Veflels, and for the receiv- menti»«ed in ing, warehoufmg and ftoring of Timber, Wood and other Merchan- Schaduk (B.) dize, than are mentioned and fpecified in the Schedule (marked B.) hereunto annexed ; nor fhall it be lawful for them to demand, or take for any other Advantage or Accommodation, Matter or Thing not therein fpecified to be afforded to, or done for or in refpeft of any Ships or VcfTels which fhall go into or out of the faid Docks, Ba-fons or Ponds, or any of them, for or in refpeft of any Timber,

Wood or other Merchandize, which (hall be received, warehoufed or ftored therein or thereupon, or in or upon any of the Premifes belonging to the faid Commercial Dock Company, any greater Sum of Money than within Twelve Months next before the patting of this Aft fhall have been ufually charged for the fame or the like Accommodation. Advantage, Matter or Thing within fuch Part of the Port of London as is iituate between Wejlmtnjier Bridge and Green-nvicb Hofpital.

LXVI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commercial Power to mak* Dock Company fhall have full Power and Authority, by their Ser-vants. Agents and Workmen, to build proper Premifes on the faid River, within the Limits aforefaid, for the Entrance of Ships into m*lt ship#, &c. * or out of the faid Docks, fo that the faid Premifes do not projeft more than Ten Feet from the prefent Line of Wharfage, fo as to do no Injury to the Navigation of the faid River: and alfo to enter on and deepen and fcour out the Beach and Bed of the River Thames, and for ever after maintaining and prefenring the faid Premifes, and the Depth fo made from the Docks or other Works, at the Entrance or Entrances from the River to the faid Docks, fo at to ajdmit Vettels navigating or entering into the faid Docks, Bafons and Premifes from the faid River names, with the fame, or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrances to the faid Docks.

XXVII.	An<}

v

C. ccvlL

A.D.181#.

S»P

5o» GEO. III.

Fewer to wak* Sluices.

Empowered to Wing A ftirnw, and prefer la* diftoMnts.

Indi^meirt lor Property of Per* foot ufmgDocks, in Name of Con* pany.

LXVIT. Ami be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company (hall and may likewise caufe to be made and provided, fuch Sluice*, Bridges* Roads and other Works, Requtftt£t, Matters and Things, on, in and leading to, or communicating with the fetid Docks, or cither of them, and other Works, as" they (hall from time to tune judge ncceffary for the more convenient Ufc thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto; and the faid Company fliall, from time to time, out of the Monies to be received from the faid Proprietors, or by virtue of this Act, and at all times and hereafter well and fufficiently repair, amend, fupport and cleaafe the faid Docks, and the Quays or Wharfs, Cuts, and all other the Works, Roads, Matters and Things, by them already made, or to be made, built and provided, by virtue of this A£t.

LXVI1I. And be it further enacted, That the MelTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, already belonging to the faid Com-pany, or to be purchafed by virtue of this A&, and all Buildings Erections and other Matters and Things thereon aud thereunto belonging, and alfo all Bafons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Buddings and requifite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things which (hall be made, built, provided or eftablifhed, by virtue or in purfuance of this Act, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the (aid Company and their SuccelTors ; and they and their Succef-fors are hereby authorized and empowered to commence and defend all Aflions and Suits wherein they are or lhall be concerned or inter refted, by and in the Name of the Treafurer of the faid Company for the time being, and alfo to prefer any Indi&ment or Indi&ments, Information or Informations, again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any Offence committed againft the faid Company, in any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Company, or as to any Goods, Chattels or Property of or belonging to the faid Company, either as to their Docks, Wharfs, Waterworks or any Part of their Premifes, or otherwife, or in relation to any Ship, Veffels, Goods, Chattels or Pro* perty in their Cuftody ; and the Name of fuch Treafurer (hall and may he ufed in all fuch A&ions, Suits, Indi&ments and Informations, and in aU other legal Proceedings, as to any fuch Matters, Things, Goods, Chattels or Property as and for the faid Company j and the Death of fuch Treafurer, or the Refignation or other Aft of any fuch Treafurer, (hall not abate any fuch Suit or Information.

LXIX. And be it further enabled, That from and after the pairing of this A61, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commercial Dock Company, and they are hereby empowered to prefer any Indiftment or Indiaments againft any rerfon or Perfon* felonioufly taking, dealing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of, or belonging to the faid Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Cuftody or Poffeffion, or in the Cuftody or Poffeflion of any Officer or Servant of the faid Company, or Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, for or on behalf of the faid Company, or of any other Per, fon having depofited fuch Goods, Chattels or Property, in the Care or Cuftody of the faid Company, or their Officers or Servants, or id or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or fremifes belonging to the faid Company, and in all fuch Indiftpients, fuch Gooes, Chattels and Property mav be laid and ft a ted to be the Goods, Chat, t/els and Property of the (aid Commercial Dock .Company* and that the Came were felonioufly ftokn or embezzled from the feud Com,

mercial

Digitized by Google

A-D.iSio*	Jo°	GEO.	HI.	G cpyil.	ji|

aipmal Dock Company; and it (haB be fufficierit, on any fucbln-da&ment, to prove that fuch Goods, Chattels and Property, weir, at the time of the felonioufly taking or denting, or embezzling thereof, in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premife*, be* longing to the faid Company, or in the Cuftody or Pofieffion of any Officer or Servant of the faid Company, or Officer of Cuffoms or Excife, for or on behalf of the faid Company, or of any Perfon or Perfons, or Body Corporate or Politick, having deposited the fame with the (aid Company, without any other Proof of Property.

LXX. And be it further ena&ea, That if any Perfon or Perfons Breaking Luspt, (hall (leal, take away, break, deroolifh or throw down, any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Pods, which the faid Company (hall or may fet up near unto and about the faid Dock or Docks, and other Works, or any of the Premifes belonging to the faid Company, or (hall wilfully extioguiffi the Light within the fame Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Fnraiture thereof, it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fee fuch Offence committed, and alio for any other Perfon to affift when called upon, to arrell the Offender or Offenders, by Authority of this A&, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them, into the Cuftody of a Peace Officer in order to be conveyed before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the Gounty of Surrey, and that fuch Juffice or Ju&ices (hall proceed to examine upon Oath, any Witnefs or Witnefies, who (hall appear to give any Information touching foch Offence, (which Oath the faid Juffice Or Judices is or are hereby authorized and required to admi« nifter) and that if the Party or Parties accu(ed (hall be conviCted of fuck Offence, either by Confctiion, or by the Tedimoqy of any credible Witnefs or Witnefies as aforefaid, ne, (he or they (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp, Tensity.

Lamp Iron or Pod, or other Furniture, fo broke, thrown down or damaged, or for every Light extinguiffied ; and moreover (hall make full Satisfaction to the faid Managers, and to fuch Perfon as they (hall appoint to receive the fame for the Damage fo done ; and that in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not, on Conviction, pay the Forfeiture afiefled, and make Satisfaction as aforefaid, fuch Judice Or Judices is or are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the Houfe of Correction, for any time not exceeding One Calen- Punifhment. dar Month.

LXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- To appoint % fui for the faid Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they pock Maker, are,hereby authorized and required, from time to time, as Occaiion (hall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon or Perfons to be Dock-mader or Dock-maders, and to remove, fufpend or dibnifs the (ame, which faid Dock-mader or Dock-maders (hall have full Authority, Stc.of Power and Authority to direCt the mooring, unmooring, moving and D00* Mailer, removing of all Ships and Vefiels, Lighters and Craft, entering into, lying or being in the (aid Dock or Docks, or either of them, either as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of the fame, and their Pofition, loading and difeharging therein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the feveral Gates thereof; and in cafe the Owner, Mader, Pilot, Servant o* Owner, Sec., dip-other Perfon having the Care of any Ship or Vefiel, (hall refufe oheyin?, ««to or negled to moor, unmoor, move or remove the fame to fuch Di- Mooring &c. re&ion, within Two Hours after Notice to him or them given in

Writingt

Digitized by LjOOQle

C. CCvii.

AJD.iSfcl

sn

ftntlty.

Obftro&tng Mooring, &c.

Penalty.

Ships not to lay within the Pittance of 100 Yards from the Estrance.

VrITfli ob ft ruling Entrance.

Penalty.

Entrances deepened, &c.

Ohttruiftion removed.

50* geo. nr.

Writing, or left with Tome Perfon or Perfons on board the faid Ship or Veflel for that Purpofe, then that it (hall be lawful for the fata Dock-mailer or Dock-roafters, or his or their Affi&ants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move or remove fuch Ship or Veflel, and the Charges and Expences thereof refpec-tively (hall be repaid, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Mailer or Owner of filch Ship or Veflel, and may be recovered by the faid Company of the Owner of fuch Ship or Veflel, in cafe of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by fuch ways and means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Aft to be recovered ; and in cafe any fuch Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, {hall obftruft or binder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Veflel, fuch Perfon or Perions ihall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter declared.

LXX11. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Ship or Veflel or Veffels ihall be moored or anchored within the Dif-tance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances of the faid Docks, fo that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear, and without Obftruftion; and over this Space the Dock-mailer (hall have Con-troul, fo far as relates to the tranfporting Ships and Veffels coming •in or going out of the Dock; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithffanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to prohibit any Ship or Veffel laying at •r alongside any adjoining Wharf in fuch manner as by Law before the paiung of this Aft fuch Ship or Veffel might have done.

LXX III. And, for the better making and preferving a free and dear Paffage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of the faid Docks for all Ships, Veffels, Lighters, Barges and Boats of every Description, Be it further enafted, That no Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge, Craft or Boat of any Defcription whatsoever, ihall be moored or anchored acrofs, in, or any way obftruft any of the Entrances or Paffages into or from any of the faid Docks, Bafons or Cuts, except only fuch Ships, Veffels, Lighters, Barges, Craft and Beats of whatfoever Defcription, as ihall have come out of, or are intended to go into the faid Docks, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuch Offence.

LXX IV. And be it further enafted. That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Direftors, or any Five or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occaiion ihall require, well and fufficiently to deanfe, Scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through, and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil or Rub-biih, in the faid Docks, Works and Entrances already made, or intended to be made, in fuch manner as the faid Direftors, or any Five or more of them, ihall think proper, for the Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the fame; and dfo to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Veffels, or any Ship or Veffel that ihall be funk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obffruftions or other Impediments of the like Nature that may be found or arife therein ; and in cafe the Owner or Owners of any luch Ship or Veflel, or other Obflruftions fo to be removed, ihall refufe or negleft to pay the Charge of removing the fame, for the Space •of Seven Days after Demand thereof, made by any Officer of the (aid Company, then the Owner or Owners .of any fuch Wrecks of

▲.D.i8io-

C. ccvii.

5^3

50* GEO. III.

Ships or Veffels, or any Ship or Veflel that (hall be funk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obttru&ions or Impediments of the like Nature, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit to the (aid Company (excluiive of the Ezpences incurred by removing the Came] any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the fame (hall be Penalty, recovered and applied in fuch manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this A& dire&ed to be recovered and applied.

LXXV. And Jbe it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Cutting Repo, Perfons whomfoever (hall wilfully or malicioufly cut, break, or in &*• any manner deftroy any Rope or. other Thing, by which any Ship or Veflel, lying in the faid Dock or Docks, Bafon or Bafons or Cuts, (hall be moored or fattened, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

LXXVI. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the (aid Docks Accidents Wy or Bafons or Cuts or other Wonts, Be it further enaded. That no Perfon whomfoever (hall have or keep, or caufe to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp, lighted on board any Ship or other Veffei within the fame, at any time or times whatfoever, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in. the. Morning, nor at any time or times whatfoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, upon the Pain of forfeiting for every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five P«»l«r* Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That no Pitch, Tar, Rofin, To prevent Fire. Turpentine, Oil,, or other oombuttible Matter, (hall at any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Sbip or other Veflel,

Lighter, Craft or Boat, lying in the faid Dock or Docks, Bafon or Bafons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the faid Dock, Premifes or Cuts, except in fuch Place or Places, and in fuch Manner as (hall be appointed by the faid Dire&ors, or any Five or more of them for that Purpoie;

■or (hall any Gunpowder or loaded Cannon whatever be brought iBto the laid Docks, Bafons or Cuts, or fuffered to remain oa board any Ship or any other Veflel, upon Pain that every fuch Matter, Commander or Owner of every Ship or Veflel fa offending in Manner as aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Five Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Matter or MaAm and Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Veffeb (hall Owners of Ship* be, and is hereby made anfwerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mif- anfwmb,c f°* chief, that (hall be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or ?al^e-other Veflel, or any of the Boatmen, Watermen or others, belonging to, employed in or about the fame, unto the Docks, Bafons,

Cuts, or unto aoy of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the (aid Docks, Cuts and Bafons, or any of* them, or any of the Trefiches, Sluices and Paffages, to be made as aforefaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat,

Barge, Lighter or other Veflel, or for any Trefpafs or Damage that*

(ball or may be done to the Owners or Oceftpiers of any Buddings,

Ere&ions, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenement®, ad*

5Q Geo# III. 4	LI	joining



Digitized by LjOOQle

$M	C. CCV11.	$<P	GEO- IIL	AD-iSi*

joining of lying nea* the feme* or any of them* by leaving ©pent the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trefpafs whatfoever* am) the faid Mailer or Owner of any fuch Ship* Boat* Barge* Lighter or other Veflel* may be fued and profecuted for the tame in any ' Court of Record ; and if a Vhrdtft or Judgment (hall be given againft him* either on Proof made, or by Default* of upon Demurrer* the Plaintiff in fuch cafe (hall recover his Damages thereby ' fuilaiiied, with full Colls of Suit; and id cafe the Matter or Owner of any fetch Ship* Boat, Lighter or other Veffel as aforefeid, ihtfl be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satwfaftion for any Damage or Trefpafs* by reafon of any wilful Aft or.Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants* every fetch Servant -or Servants (hall be liable to pay fuch Penalty, or the Money paid for any fuch Damage or Trefpafs, to fuch Mailer or Owner; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof on Demand* the fame (hall be recovered by fuch Wider or Owner* in like manner is any Penalty is hereinafter direfted to be recovered.

Satisfaction for LXXIX* And be it further enafted* That full Recompenoe*{fatts* Tithes!	faftion and Compenfation* (hall be made by tbe faid Company* for

all the Tithes* both great and ftnall* of the Lands which (hall or may be taken or made ufe of by the faid Company* for the Par-poles and in purfuance of the Powers of this Aft,- to the refpec-trite Perfons entitled* or who would have been entitled to fuch Tithes* in cafe fuch Lands had not been fo taken or made ufe of* according to their refpeftive Interests therein* fuch Tithes to be efUmated at the average Value of Three Years, commencing at ,the Twenty lifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fix, fuch average Value to be afeertained, in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame* in like manner as the Value of the Lands* Tenements or other Hereditaments* are heretofore direfted to be afeertained : Provided always* that the Recompence and Satisfadion to be given by virtue of this Aft* for all Glebe Lands and Tithes belonging to fpsritual Perfons, (hall be mode to fuch Perfons by an Amraal Rent. . Provlfo for Lon- ‘LXXX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted hnd declared* That nothing in this prefent Aft contained (hall extend, or be con-19 G. 3.*.	extend,	to	prejudice or affeft any of the Rights of the Wcjl

Mia Dock Company, eftabhflied by an Aft made in the Thirty ninth x	Year of His prefeat Majefty’s Reign, intituled* AnAB far rendering

mart commodious and letter regulating the Port of London* or of the 89 & 40 G. 8. London Dock Company, effablitod by an Aft made in the Thirty c. xlvu.	ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An M

*	fife making Wet Docks, Bafime* Cuts* and Utter Works, for the

greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Re* venue, nubbin tbe Port of London ; or of the Eaji India Dock Com-43 G. 3.‘c. cxxvL pany, ettablifhed by an Aft made i* the Forty thiid Year of His prefent Msjefty’s Reign* intituled* An A& for the further Improve* mm of the Port of London, by making Docks and Other Works at Biackwail* for the Aeeomnodatum of tie Ea& India Shipping in the faid Part.

ProvUo for	LXXX	I.	Provided	always,	and	be	it	further enafted* That no*

Trinity Houfe. thing in this Aft contained toll extend* or he conftrned to extend* to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Matter, Warden aud Affitonts of tbe Trahy Houfe* Deptford &rond.

- -	LXXXIL	Provided

A'D.igiot,	50?	CEO. fll.	G.	ccvK,	515

*vI^XXXH. Provided aHp, and it is hereby enafted and declared* Provifo for the

Vhyt nothing in tbi* Aft contained (hull extend or be conftrued P‘=h«*of

%9 extend to prejudice or derogate from the Eftates, Rights, In-	LonI

tpreft$, Privilege*, FrapchiTes or Authority of the King's Majefty,

feu Heirs or Succeflbrp, or of the Mayor, and Commonalty of the

Citizens of the City of London, their Succeffor$, or the Lord Mayor

ff the faid City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or

4imipi(h any Power, Authority or Jurifdjftioo, which at the time

pf making this Act His Majeily, or the Mayor and Commonalty

Sad Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the faid

City for the time being, as Confervator pf the River of Thames and

Waters of Medway^ aid or might lawfully claim, ufe or exercife;

end further, that it (hall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the faid

City for the time being, in like manner as he hath ufed to do in

Other C^fes, to inquire of, hear and determine, by Presentment or

Indi&ment, taken before him as Confervator of tjie faid River and

Waters, all Offences contrary to this Aft, or fuch Bye-Laws, Rules,

Orders and Regulations as (hall be made as ?forefaid, and upon Genviftion of tie Offender or Offenders, to impofe a Penalty or Peoalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penal- Penalties, tjes hereby indicted, or which (hall be inflicted in and by the faid Dye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, fpr fuch Offence or Offences; but no Perfon (hall be puuifhed Twice for one and the Jjtine Offence*.

I,	XXXIII. Provided alfo, *nd be it further enafted, That no- Prorifo for Rights thing in this - Aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrucd to extend, °* Feltowfliip tp prevent or hinder the Mayor am} Commonalty and Citizens of the P01100*^0-Qty of London, or their Deputies, Meters and Fellowffjip Porters,

herwife Bjllingfgate Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the faid Wet Docks, and other Work$ already made, pr to he made by virtpp of this Aft, the Right of Meafurage and Porterage of alj.	Cpro, Grain , and §ecd of what Kind foevpr, and of Salt,

and Fruit, and of fdl other Merchandizes mpafurable, or to be mea-(predf at the Rates and Prices as regulated and fettled, or to be regulated and fettled, by the .Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons pf the City of London, in Common Council afTembled, in fuch and the fame manner in every refpe^f as they now and heretofore have •pjoyed fuch Right of Meafu*a£€ and Porterage in any Part of the Ifert of London,

L*XXXIV. Provided alfp, and be .it further enafted, That no- Rcfcmng IWr tfc#ig bi this A^ contained (hall extend, or be .cpnffrued to extend, ofgu-siugWine* to prohibit, defeat, alter or dimiuifh any Power, Authority or Ju- and other Article# riffi&ipn which at the time pf making this Aft the Mayor* or £L»d Doeksta Cownooajty or Citizens of the pity of London,, or the Lord Mayor Lity of London, pf the faid City for the. time being, or bis Deputy to the Exercife of guaging all Wines, Qjl, Hopey, and other gu*gable Merchan-<ftrc, imported, or brought into the hud Wft Pocks already made or tp be made by virtue of t hip Aft, by the River of Thames, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate from any other the Right*? Privileges, Liberties* Tolls, Cuftoms, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the faid Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but that the faid May^r fur the time being, or his Deputy, (hall exercife and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the laid Wet Docks already made, or to be made, as aforefaid, and upon

L 1 2	the

F. m% to be levied.

Wow applied.

TM*n- of Form in Diuref* wit *0 vitiate DU^

*refs.

* orn> of Con-

'-•tiuft

the Banks, Wharfs, Quays and in the Warehoufes thereto belonging, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London are entitled to have, exercife and enjoy the fame within the City of London, or the Port of the fame, and as if the faid Docks were adually fituate within and Part of the City of London.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, inflided by this Ad, or by any,Rule or Bye-Law which fhall hereafter be made in purfuance of this A 61, may be levied and recovered within Six Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Juftice or Juftices of the* Peace for the County of Surrey, and fuch Juftice or Juilices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them fuch Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place in fuch Warrant fpectiied ; and in cafe of Nonpayment thereof, on Convidion of the Offenders refpedively, on his, her or their Confeffion, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes examined on Oath, (which Oath the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby required and empowered to adminiiter) fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftiee or Juftices; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, go and be applied, one Half to him who will fue or inform, and the other Half to the Ufe of the faid Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Treafurer; and for Want ot fufficient Diftrefs, and in cafe the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs luch Fine, Penalty or F6rfeiture, and ell reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be fooner paid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, any Sum or Sums due, or to become due to the faid Company for Rent or other Dues, the Diftrefs of itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor fhall the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeat or Want of Form in Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties' di draining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ah with, on account of any Irregularity which (hail be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity, fhall and may recover full Satisfadion for the fpecial Damage, in an Adion upoh the Cafe.

LXXXVII. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Convidion of Offendersagainft this Ad*-be it further enaded, That every Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfon fhall be convided of any Offence againft this Ad, ihaH -and may caofe the Convidion to be drawn up according to the following Form, (X\dcliut%)

*	gE it remembered, That on the *	Day	of

*	in	the	Year of our Lord

*	A.	B.	is convided before me C. D- One

~	«	of

Digitized by Google

A.DaSio.	5d° GEO. UL	C. ccvii.	5*r

4 of Hi» Majefty’s Judices of the Peace for the County of

*	(Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place, 4?

* the cafe may he)	contrary to an Aft of Parlia-4 raeut, pailed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George 4 the Third, intituled,

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year Rrft raen-4 tioned.'

LXXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That for the Purpofes foweT of this Aft, the faid Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers ,mo and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the paffing of this Aft, to enter upon any Lands and Grounds whatfoever, for the Purpofe of furveytng, taking and levelling of, and marking out the Ground and Premifes intended to be made ufe of for the Purpofe of making the faid Dock or Docks | they, the faid Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be, and giving Three Days Notice in Writing, figned by their Clerk, to the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Lands, Tenements, Houfes, Buildings, Grounds or Hereditaments, and making Satisfaftion for all Damage that fhall be done.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That tl.e Error in Schedule faid Company (hall and may make the faid Dock or Docks, and the 10 liie Roads and Bridges connefted therewith, and take Poifeffion, for *j|^loPur" the Purpofes of this Aft, of any of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, notwithftanding the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfens (hall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or fpelled in the faid Schedule, in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or improper Description proceeded from Miftake.

XC. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Setting Fire to (hall knowingly, wilfully or malicioufiy demolifh, break down, cut Premife*. down or deftroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Aft, or any Ship or VefTel lying in the (aid Docks, Cuts, Bafon or Ba-fons, then every fuch Offender or Offenders, being convifted thereof,

(hall fuffer Puniffiment, by Fine, Imprifonment or Tranfportation, PunUkment. not exceeding Seven Years, at the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be tried and convifted.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any Perfon Perfon* nor com-or Perfons, pr Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate,	!’m

(hall be applied to by or on the behalf of the faid Company to treat °* t“e*f for, fell, difpofe of or convey, for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, any Pail or Parts of any Houfe or Buildings, or any vacant Plot or Parcel of Land, in the aftual Occupation of One Perfon, or of feveral Perfons jointly, and (hall, by Notice in Writing, to be left at the Houfe of the Clerk of the faid Company, or of the faid Di-reftors, within Thirty Days next after fuch Applications (hall be made in Writing, fignify his or their Inclination or Defire to treat for, fell, difpofe of and convey the Whole of fuch Houfe or Building, or of any fuch vacant Plot or Parcel of Lands, fome Part < whereof (hall have been deemed neceffary to be purchafed for the Purpofes of this Aft, and it (hall happen to be purchafed for the Pur-

L 1 3	pofes

5*8

t Sic.

Provifo.

Appeal.

Recognizance.

Certiorari.

Cnmpenfation made for Dame gr» done.

C.ccvtt:	56® ©£0. IK.	A,0,i§i*

pefes of this A&, ^ fctfd it (hall hfcppfcn that the faid Company and fheir faid Directors (nail riot think pn>pfcr or be willing to purchafe’ the Whole of fufch Houfe or Btiilding, or of any fuch Plot or Parcel of Land) then, and in every fuch Cafe, nothing in this Ad lhall exi tend or be conftrued to extend fo as to compel the refpedive Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, to treat for, fell, difpofe of or convey* Part only, or lefs than the Whole; of every fuch Houfe or Building, with the Offices, Curtilages, Yards and Paffages adjoiiiihg and belonging thereto, or to fell or difpofe of any fuch vacant Spot dr\ Parcel of Land, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, fo as to require or compel the faid Company or their Directors, to purchafe any more than One Acre of Land from any Perfon or Perfons, or any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo fignifying his, her or their Defirt not to fell or difpofe of a Part or Parts of fuch his, her or their vacant Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Land.

XCII. And be it further enaded, That if iny Perfon or Peffons (hall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Ordet or Judgment made or given, in purfuance of any Rule, printed Bye* Law, or Order of the faid Company of Prbprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Jiiftice or Juftices of thd Peace, relating to any Matter or thing in this A6t mentioned or con-tained, then, and in that Cafe; he, Ihe or they may, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Gaufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the General Quarter-SeffioDt; to be holden in and for the County in which the Caufe of Appeal lhall arife, firft giving One Calendar Month's Notice of fuch Appeal to the Perfon or Perfons appealed again ft, and of the Nature thereof; and, within Oue Calendar Month after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before foihe Jiiftice of the Peace for fuch County or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order and Awdrd of the faid Coiirt therein ; and the faid Juftices (hall, upon due Proof 6f fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered, either hear and determine the find Appeal at fuch General Quarter-Selfions, or, if they think proper* mav adjourn the Hearing thereof until the next General Quarter* Seflions of the Peace to be holden for fuch County ; and the Rid Juftices may, if they fee Caiife, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which lhall have been levied in purfuance of filch Rule, Bye-Lavf, Order or Detfermifthtidh, and may alfo order and award fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, a3 they lhall think and judge reafonable ; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this A 61, fhaH be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Proceft whatfoever, into any of His Majeft y's Courts of Record at Wefimtiijirr, or elfeWhere, anj* Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Damage IhaH - arife or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Perfon from the making the faid new Docks, Bafons, Ponds, Sluices, Entrances and other Works herein authorized to be made, the Rid Company [hall, within One Calendar Month after Notice of fuch Damage in Writing, Ggned by the Party interefted or hit Agent, lhall

have

Digitized by

Google

Sl9

AJD.iftio*	50* GEO. HL	C. ccvxi.

lave been left at the Office of the faid Company, make fucb neafon-able Compenfation for the fame, and in filch £ maimer as' /hall be agreed upon between the Party interefled and the Diredors of thp faid Company; but in cafe the Parties cannot agree, then it (hall be lawful for the Diredors, and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after ft Demand for that Purpofe fall have :been made in Writing by the Party interefled, to caufe a Jury to be fumrooned io the manner herein diro&ed, to decide by their Verdid the Amount of the Compenfation to be made for fuch Damage, and the time and manner in which fuch Compenfation fall be made by the laid Company, which Verdid (hall be nnal and conclufive between the Parties to all Intents and PurpoTes : Provided always, that no Party ihall be entitled to fuch Compenfation unlefs the Claim for the fame be made within Six Calendar Months after the Damage, in re-Jpeft of which fuch Claim is made, (hall have accrued.

XCIV. Afcd be it farther ena^ed, That if any Adion or Suit (hall Claim* for Date brought or commenced again (I any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies nsge 10 bejnade Politick or Corporate, for any Thing done in purfuance of tV® Ad, J*1"rwo . every £uch Ad*on or Suit (hall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or in cafe there /hall te a Continuation of Damages, then within Two Months after the doing or committing fuch ©amage (hall have ceafed, and not afterwarm, and (hall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Difpote or Caufe fall arife, and not clfewhere ; asd the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit (hall and may plead the General Iffoe, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in £vi- Geacril Iffue. dence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfpance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if it fall appear to Ijave beea fo done, or if any Adion or Suit fall be brought after the time fo limited for bringing the ferine* or in any other County • or - Place than as aforefaid, then ana in every foch cafe the Jury fail find for the Defendant or Defendants } or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (haU becoms sonfuitedof his, her or fair Adion or fat, after the _

Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if a Verdid (hall pafs again ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurer ofotherwife Judgment (hall be given agaiuft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the ©e-* fondant or Defendants (hall have Cods, and (hall have fuch Remedy Cofls. for the fame as any Defendant hath for Colts of Suit in other Cafes by Law,

XCV. Atid be it further enaded and declared, That this Aft fall. Publiok Ad. be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, ^nd fall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices,. and others, without bost% JpeciaBy pleaded.

,	'	v	i

. ■ * .	,	\	v	1

1

L14	SCHEDULE

Digitized by Google

A-D.iti*.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which the foregoing AS refers.

Vo. on Flan.	Description.	Ownen.	Oecaphn.
I	Marfh.	Rit. Hon. Ld. Carteret, dec.	Joteph Read.
2	Do.		Barnett	—-— Hampton.
3	Do.	Rt. Hon. Ld. Carteret, & c.	Jofeph Road.
4	Do.	Do.	Do.
	TRINITY STREET ENTRANCE.		
	Dwelling and Yard.	Thomas Ritchie.	Thomas Afbdon.
	Do.	Do.	Rt. Whitfield.
	Do.	Do.	Thomas Morgan.
	Do.	Do.	John Highland.
	Do.	Do.		Gerrowcolc.
	Do.	Do.	* ■ - Bryan.
J	Do.	Do.	Purfe and Bennett.
	Do.	Do.	David Wilcox.
	Do.	Do.	John Cox.
	Do.	Do.	Elizabeth King.
	Do.	Do.		Brown.
	Do.	Do.		Peak.
	Do.	Do.		Griffiths.
	Do.	Do.	T. Sindrey.
6	Dwelling, Wharf, Sheds, &c.	Land, E. Ritchie.	Jer. Kofher.
	Eaft India Arm8(PublickHoufe)	Do.	T. Lawrence.
	ROTHERHITHE STREET ENTRANC		!E.
	Meadow.	Rt. Hon. Ld. Carteret	Thomas Watfoa.

10

Cottage, Sheds and Garden Noah’s Ark (Publick Houfe) Garden

Dwelling, Yard, &c.

Do.

• Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Ground, forming Court to] above Houfes Dwelling, Yard,&c. being x 70, ] in Rotherhithe Street 1 Do. 171, Do.

behind the above 172, in Street

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

I73»

*74»

J7£

176,

»77>

178,

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do-

— Purqett, Leafeholder Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do. •

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

}

Do.

Do.

G. Walkington.

—fMorley.

John Steel.

John Pryor. Richard Gardner.

— Newman. • Thomas Butler. Mrs. Vaughan.

William Markltw.

—	Moncar

—	Johnfloa.

—	Eagffer. James MuQett. Mrs. Danby. Henry Hughes. George Steel. Mrs. Dance.

John Walker.

Dwelling

Digitized by

Google

AJ&itic.	50*	GEO.	III.	C.	cctu.	521

Nouip  fkn.	Defcripiiotu	Owners.	Occupies!
	Dwelling in Lepard’s Court		Purnett, Leafeholder	Samuel Hill.
	Do.	Do.	Mrs. Webb.
X 1	Do.	Do.	Francis Wyatt.
V	Do.	Do.	—— Fuller.
	Do.	Do.		 Saxby.
	Do.	Do.	—— Williams.
	Wharfs, Sheds, &c. next,? Thames, &c. - j	* Do.		 Sindrey*
*3	Wharfs, Sheds, 8cc.	Do.	John Rufmore.
	Dwelling, &c. being Number 1 108, Rotherhithe Street J	Do.	Jacob Hyde.
*4	109, Do.	Do.	Jacob Lullham.
	no, Do.	Do.	James Coder.
	111, Do.	- Do.		 Davey.
	Dwelling, Granary, Malting j Loft and Garden, &c. 3	Do,	— North cote.

SCHEDULE (B.) to which the foregoing A£l refers*

Per Regifter Ton.

.Dockage on laden Ships, with! Permiffion of laying Six > Weeks	-	-3

After that Time, if remaining 1 . with a Cargo on board, per >

Week	-	-3

Or if remaining without a 1 Cargo on board, per Week J Ships coining in light, for the!

firft Six Weeks	•	J

And if exceeding that Time, { per Week. -	-J

All rigged VefTels coming .tol load ooods in the Dock - > All Ships to pay for

docking - io 6 And for undocking io 6 Lighters, Barges and Small Craft to pafs without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other! heavy Tiftiber, per Load - f

r	-i

' Wharfage of Oak and other# heavy Planks, per Load - f

Wharfage on large Timber and^

/. d.

i 6

o I

O 0$ o 3 o o\ o 6

Mails, per Load

/. J.

r Rent while (lored on the Pre-"]

O 1 raifes of the Company, per L Load per Quarter rRent while ftored on the Pre-^

6 < mifes of the Company, per L Load per Quarter f Rent while ftored on the Pre-1 O < mifes of the Company, per >

Wharfage



3 •

3 6

t Load per Quarter

i 6

/

Digitized by Google

$n

C. ccvil—cell.

Wharfage on fmall Timber,") per Load'	•	-J

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic/ per reduced Stand ardof 120



Wharfage on Deals from Ame- / vica, per reduced Standard > 3 of 120	-	-I

Wharfage on Oak Pipe * and''! Hogfhead Staves from the >|o Baltic, per thou fan d -J Wharfage on Qak Barrel and> Heading Staves from the > y Baltic, per thoufand -J

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton



Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton

u

Wharfage on Pitch, Tir and Turpentine, per Barrel, from America or. elfewhere ■

> o 2

V

Wharfage on Oil, per Ton -

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton -

Ufa of the Coppers for boiling7 of Blubber, per. Tori '.	- J	/

50* GEO. III.

AJLi8ie,

0 s

3 o <

Rent while ftored on the Pre-mues of the Company* per Load per Quarter Rent while ftored on the Pre- 1 mifes of the Company, perl Quarter^rreduceaStandard ?

>) 1. / r J 2 4

2 . o

>2 o

3

of 120

"Rent while ftored on the Pre-

mifes of the Company, per , # * Quart er/^r reduced Standard	3

_ of 120	.	-	«

7Rent while ftored on the Prt-"

J mifes of the Company, per • 15 0 I:	.Quarter per thoufand *

1 ‘Rent while ftored on the Pre-"

i .mifes of the Company, per Quarter per thoufand '"Rent while ftored or ware* 1 • houfad on the* Premlfes 'of the Company, per Week _ per Ton. ,	.	. •

"Rent' while 'ftored or ware-honied on the Preraifea of the Company* per Week _ per Ton *.	•	>

"Rent while ftored or ware* houfad . on the Premifes ofj the .Company, per Week /•r Barrel -Rent, while ftored. or ware-houfedpn the Premifaa of the tCetnpany, per Week per Ton .

Rtnt while ftored or were-houfad on the jPretoifca of the Company, per Week) per To$.

10 0

0 6

>01

0 \

0 «

*9 0. 0. C. 87. 10 0.3. c. 50. 3 5 G. 3. C. bA. <%s to St. Paul Shad well, rt-fetlcd.

.	.	'	Cap.ccvrii. •	.

An Ad for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor, wkhjn the Parifh of Saint Paul Sbdchvell, in the County of Mid* dlefex ; for better lighting, wattftnag, paring, ckaofing, itpairif? and improving the Streets and other publick Places in the fai4 Parilh; and for repealing Three Ads, feverally parted in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, aod in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of Hia prefent Majefty, rehtm thereto.	[20th	June	1810]

Cap. ccix.

An Ad for more equally and effedoally aflefling and cofle&ng the 2	Pom

Digitized by Google

JtD.ift*

C. ccla—eetiri

50° CEO.

III.

Pber Rotes, wW|ii the Pariftt of toW Hetefph without AUgdtei in the Couoty of MUdlefex	[loth	June	if	to.

m

Cap. ccx.

An Aft for mote effeftually improving the Road from Burford to iqG. 3. c. lot. Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road	c.	m.

leading to Stow in the Coutrty of Glooc(/iert and from Swerford rppwl*d-Gate, in the Coutrty of Oxfo+d, to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton. (a)	[20th June 1810.J

Cap. ccxi.

An Aft for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Truftees of Henry Smith's Charity and John Nctunham Efquire, of divers Eltates in Worth and Balcombc othcrwife feaulcombe, Ardinglryy Crawley and /field, in the County of SuJ[ex. (q. P.)	£aoth	June 1810.J

Cap. ccxii.	v

An Aft for inclofing Lands wfthin the Parifhes of Trellech, Penalty Mltchel Troy, C<tvmcaravan, Landogo, Tihtern and Lam fie n, in thf County of Monmouth, (q. P.)	[20th	June 1810.J

9t Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 23.

Cap. ccxiii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Netheir Kellet in the Parifti of Bolton by the Sands f in the County Palatine of Lancafier.

(q. P-)	[zoth	June if 10.]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Aft for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, upoA the Conditions! and under the Regulation* therein mentioned.

[21ft June 1810.]

•	TTTHEREAS the Exiftence of well regulated Theatres fub-9 VV iftantiftlly built, and capable of affording the beft Accom-€ ihodAtion to be obtained For the Publick, with refpeft to the

•	furtoUOding Avenues, Paffages and Approaches, as well as to their 4 Fitnefs for Scenic Reprefentation, has always been confidered to

•	be a Matter worthy both bf Royal Attention and Legftlative

•	Pnoteftion : And whereas in the Year One thoufand feven hundred

•	and ninety three, the then Theatre Royal in Drury Lane wa»

4 taken down, and great Surrts expended by the Mofl Noble Francis 4 the late Duke of Bedford9 in tire Parchafe of Ground and Houfea 4 in the Neighbourhood, in order to ereft a new Theatre upon a

•	Seale of Magnificence and Grandeur; the Intereft of which Sum*

•	fo expended by the faid Duke of Bedford being added as an ad-

•	drtional Rent Charge upon the faid Theatre: And whereas the

•	Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds was raifed by % the Proprietor* of the faid Theatre by Shares of Five hundred 4 Pounds each, for the Accotnpliihment of the ereftitig the propofed 4 ilew Theatre, and for paying off the then exifting Mortgages;

$ but owing to various and unforeseen CircumftatrceS, afid to the,

4 unavoidable Necefiity which arofe of making various Alterations 9 in the original Plan! the Theatre when opened in the Beginning

Digitized by Google

5*4

C- ccxlr.

So8 GEO. IH.

A.D.1S10.

Preprint or** Ntmtt.

of the Year One thoufapd feven hundred arid niriety four, wit rtry far from being in a finifhed State, while the intended furroundipg Buildings dated in the Eftimate were not even begun, and a great Debt was-left wholly unprovided for, and the whole Sum intended to be applied to the Building of the Theatre was entirely ex* pended by the Truftees jn endeavouring to accomplilh the fame : And whereas a Settlement of the Remainder of the (aid Debt and Claims took place in the Year Oue thoufand eight hundred and two, through an Arrangement made under the immediate Di-re&iou and Authority of the Lord Chancellor, and afiented to bv all Parties; And whereas, in the courfe of a fuccefsful Progrefs towards the Liquidation of the faid Claims, the faid Theatre Royal, with all its Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture and other Articles, was wholly deftroyea by the Calamity of Fire in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine, being infured only to the Amount of Thirty five thoufand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas it is deemed expedient to furrender and make over the whole Intereft of the prelent Proprietors of the faid Property to a Body of Subfcribers purchafing the fame and becoming bona Jde Proprietors of the whole Patents, Leafes or Agreements for Leafes, Materials, Foundation, Scite of Ground, and every ether Property of whatever Defcription now belonging to or held in Traft for the Proprietors of the faid Theatre: And whereas the feveral Per-Tons hereinafter named are willing and defirous, at their own Ex-pence, to provide for or to difeharge all juft and equitable Claims on the late Theatre, (hould the fame be duly afeertained to their Satisfa&ion, and not found to exceed the computed Amount upon which they are willing to become Subfcribers; and alfo to ere&, build, finiih and furnilh, fit for Reprefentation, the faid intended new Theatre, with the furrounding Buildings and Improvements: But as the feveral Purpofes before mentioned cannot be carried into EffcA without the Authority of Parliament :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be ena&ed, and be it enaded by tne King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament aflembled* and by.the Authority of the fame, That His Grace the Duke of Bedford, His Grace tne Duke of Argyle, the Right Honourable Lord Kinnaird, Samuel Whit* bread;'Richard Sharpe, Peter Moore, Harvey Cbrijlian Combe, Sir Robert Barelas Baronet, Thomas Coutts, the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable David Anftrutber, Alexander Davidfon, Templar, J.	H.	Farqubar, Thomas Hammerjlty

and Company, Aaron Graham, Richard Wilfon, Sir Charles Blicle, James Heath, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, Sir Mathew White Ridley Baronet, Henry Grevillc, the Honourable Thomas Maule, William Adam, Colonel O'Kelly, Captain Graham, Samuel James Arnold, Charles William Ward, William Linley, Robert M- Barnard, Richard Peake, Michael Kelly, Jofeph Kelly, Henry Burgefs, Richard Ironmonger, George Boulton, John Morris, Charles Beasley, John Graham, Thomas Fojbrook, William Phillips, J. Winter, Francis Glojfop, William Griffith, John Whitehead, Law* renee Burton, Robert John Cocker, Thomas Wright, John Wilkie, T . Fallowjuld, Francis Franco, C	Wat him, James

Raymond, George Pringle, Jofeph Kernot, R Knight, J

Harley,

Digitized by kjOOQle

G. ccxiti

5*S

50* GEO. III.

Harley* H	Milton*	William Downs* William Dunn* William

Lucas* Andrew Franklin* Thomas Greenwood* A	Lowndes*

John Bowley* Samuel Spring, James Smart* Robert Mitchell* Thomas Shaw* J Stephenfon, James Denew* Edward Ainge* M Linley* John Grubb* John Windus* John Welbank* Richard Strong WAls* A	Menxies* William Wolford* William	J Banker$•

Theophilus Elgie* George Edwards* James Mitchell* Thomas Parker and Nathaniel Vieke* together with fuch other Perfon aud Perilous as (hall fubfcribe towards railing the Capital Sum hereinafter mentioned, and their feveral and rcfpe&ive Succeffors, Executors, Ad-miniftrators and Ailigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any*

Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, paying and contributing

to the Capital Sum to be raifed as hereinafter mentioned, (hall be t

and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for erecting

the faid Theatre and furrounding Buildings, and carrying into Exe*.

cution the Purpofes of this Ad, and (hall for that Purpofe be One

Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name and Style of The Incorporated.

Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors* and by that; Th**

Name (hall have perpetual Succeilion and a Common Seal, and by* that Name (hall and may fue and be fued, and alfo (hall and may have full Power and Authority to purchafe or exchange Mefiuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them, their SucceUora and Afligna, for the Ufe of the faid Theatre and the furroundtngp Buildings and Improvements, and the other Purpofes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Statutes of Mortmain, and alfo to fell or exchange for others any of the Lands,;

Tenements or Hereditaments, purcnafed for the Purpofes aforefaid :f Provided always neverthelefs, that the faid Land or Ground, fo to. be held by the faid Corporation, (hall not exceed Five Acres in the whole.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful to and for Comptay may the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute in fuch Pro-, wife among portions as they (hall think proper any Sum or Sums of Money,* tlwmfelvesa not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thoufand;

Pounds, which faid Sum or Sums of Money (hall be laid out and ,n*	’

applied, in the firft Place, in difeharging the Expences of obtaining and palling this Ad, and of the Surveys, Plans and Eftimates and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and, in the next Place, in Payment to George White of Park Street* Wejlminjler* Efquire, and Ann the Wife of John Martindale of Tavifiock Place* in the County of Middltfex* Efquire; or unto fueh other Perfon or Per-' fons, as (he the faid Ann Martindale on her. Part (hall appoint, in* equal Shares and Proportions, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as is and (hall or may become due and owing to them in refped of their*

Shares, Rights and Interofta, in certain Letters Patent, granted by His late Majefty King Charles the Second, to Thomas Killegrtw Efqdire, for eroding and building a Theatre in the Cities of London and* Wejlminjler or the Suburbs thereof, for performing Plays and Other Entertainments therein; and in the next Place, in making due and juft Payment or Compenfation to the Renters and the feveral other Claimants on the laid Property upon fuch Terms as the faid Claimants and the faid Company of Proprietors fhjl agree; and thirdly, in purcfea&ig the entire Property and Interclts of the* proTenfProprietors and Parties, beneficially and ultimately interelled.

4	‘	«

* Digitized by

C.ctxW.,

So* GEO. III.



To V* divided Into Shares of tool. each.

im the Property of the faid late Theatre Royal Drury Za/fi, and the Profits and Property thereof, and then for aqd toward! rebuilding, cre&iog and finifhing the (aid intended new Theatre, and the fuiTomdnw Buildings and Improvement9 neceffary thereto, and in ptmcbafaig, making axul completing the Se$nery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Mufic, Decorations, and other Appendages, and otherwise for carrying this Ad into Execution ; and that the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds (hall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that the Qqd Shares . (ball be and they are hereby veiled in the faid feveral Per fops and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, £0 fqbfcribing, and their fereral and refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftraton, Suceeftbrs and Af« figns, to their and every of their proper Ufe and Benefit, proportion-aWy to the feveral Sums they fhall feverally pay and contribute, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Perfons, their feveral and refpe&ive SuccefTors, Executors, Adminiilrators and Affigns, who Audi feverally fubfcribe for Ooe or more Share or Sham, fhall be entitled to, and receive the entire and net Ciftribution of an equal proportionable Part according to the Money fo by them refpec-tively paid of the Prodts and Advantages that fhall and may arife aod accrue from the Sums of Money to be raifed, recovered or received from the laid Theatre and Property by the faid Company of Proprietors : Provided always, that in cafe the faid Company of Proprietor* fhall not contta& and agree with all the Perfons inter tiled in the faid ^Theatre, and other Property, for the Purchafe of foch feveral Inte-refrs within- the Term o£ Two Years from the paffing pf this Ad, then, and in fuch Cafe, this A€t and all the Matters and Things therein contained fhall become null and yoid.

IIL And be k further enad&ed, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, aad *11 other Perfon and Perfons, of and in the laid Undertaking or the Joint Stock or Fund of the faid Company of Proprietors, fhall be and be deemed to be Perfonal Ell ate and traofmimble as fuch, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

Enabling incapa- IV. And be it further ena&ed, That ft fhall and may be lawful d^e-d]^crfon,to to and for all Hufbands, Guardians, Tr.ufiees, Canaatjttees, Executors and AdnunHlratora, and all other Trglfeet and Perfons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of tfcemfelvcs, their Executory and Adminiilrators, but alfo for tad on behalf of .tbefr Cef-tuiqut Trufis, whether infants, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots Femes Covert, or other Perfon or .Perfons, arid to and for all Femes Covert, or any other Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity wfot-foever, who is, are or fhall be pofiejQCed of, interefted in or cetided unto any Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, Right, Title, Iotereft, Debt, Claim or Demand, out of, m, unto or upgo the faid late Theatre Royal Drury Lane* or the Patents, or ether Property thereunto belonging, Or unto any MefTuages, Lands, Hereditaments or Premifes, to fell, affign, releafe, difcharge, transfer and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, for fuch Sum of Money, Confideration or Compensation, as fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall agree to take or receive, for or in lieu of the fame to the (aid Company of Proprietors; and that all fuch Sum and Sums of Money, Coniideration or Compenfation, fhall be paid unto and received by fuch Perfon or Perfons hereby authorized as aforefaid, and fhall be

Vrovlfo.

Shares to he PcrioiMil Jfcitite

releafe Shares, See. in die late Theatre;

Digitized by Google

50* GEO. HI.

C. cexhr.

S*7

nidi *ppUcd, fettled, limited and veiled by Kim, her or them, to, for and updo the feme Trails, Settlements, Interns and Purpofes, and ia the feme manner as inch Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, hiortgage. Right, Title, Intereft, Debt, Chwn or Demand, which fe>R be fo foldv affignedj releaicdt di£diivgedf transferred or oon* weyed, as afor^faid, ftood fettled, limited or veiled, or fuck of them at at the. time of nutkfer fuch Aflignment, Releafe, Difckargt,

. Transfer or Conveyance mall be exiting, undetermined and capable , of . taking effect, or as near thereto a* may be; and that every 8eWf Alignment, Conveyance, Transfer, Releafe and Difebarg* of fdch Psoperty, Shire, Annuity, Rent Charge, Mortgage, Right, Title, Intereft, Debt, Claim ojr Demand, or of any Meffoages, Lands, Hereditaments or Fremtfet, which (hall be made or executed by fuch Perfbn or Perfbn* hereby authorized a* afoiefaid, (hall be good and dfe&ualin the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and the feme Felpe&ively (hall be veiled in the laid Company of Proprietors, for the Purpofes herein mentioned.

. V* And be it further. enaCled, That aU and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, Collegiate, or other Perfbn or Perfects who (hall, by virtue of this Aft, nave fublcpbfd or undertaken for one or more Share or Shares in the (aid Undertaking, his, her or their relpefUve Sucdrfibrs, Executors, Adminiftratora and Aligns, feall have a Vote in;the feveral Affemblies, to be holden as hereinafter, appointed for carrying, on the faid Undertaking, for fuch Share or Shews; and if poftefted of Three Shares to have Two Votes, if of Sis Shares to have Three Votes, if of Ten Shares to have Four Votes, and if of Fifteen Shares and upwards to have Six Votes; and every Queftion,. Matter or Thing which (hall be prooofed, dtf-cvfled or Cpnfideved in aqy General or Special General AflemWy of the feid Company of Proprietors, fhali be determined by the Majority of Votes then prefent, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Six Votes m the Whole for eaeh Proprietor as afore-fefcd, provided that the Members prefent be -poifefied of not lefe than One hiuuked Shares ; and every Qarfion. Master or Tiling which* fhali be paojpofed, difeuffed or con&fere<l in any General or Special General Aflembiy of the faid Company of Proprietors, (hall be determined by the Majority of Votes, then pbefent ia the manner Morbid..	' .	-

* VE And be it further enaffed, That the Firft General Affetnbly of the feid Company -of Proprietors for putting this Adi into Execution (ball be held at foch Time and Place as the Committee bemn-after appointed feall diveft, within Sixty Days after the palling «f ttos Ad, or as fbon after as conveniently may be, bet ween the Hours of Eleven in the IWenoon, and Two in the Afternoon 5 and the Second General Meeting of the feid Company (hall be held at fuch Time and Plane within Sixty Days next after* the holding of the Pirl General Meeting as the Committee (hall appoint; and at fuch General Meeting, a htU and diftiaft Statement of the Arrangements trapefed by the Committee, and aftented to by the Claimants and the neprietOia of the late Drury Lane Property, (hall be fubmitted to the faid General Meeting, for their Content and Approbation 5 and any Snbfcriber difagreemg from fuch Statement, (hall be at Liberty to withdraw his Subscription, and relinquife all Share and Intereft ia the Undertaking; and in cafe the Place of fuch Subscribers fo

with*

Sabferfl>eri to liave Votes according to the Number of their Shares, not to exceed Six Votes*

Firft General Alfembly of the Proprietors.

A diftinA Statement of Arrangement propofed by Committee to be laid before Proprietor*.

Digitized by Google

C. ccxiv.

A.D.iSi*.

5*V

50° GEO. III.

IVp-'.etors tt their Aflemblics may apj»oiiit a ChiuiiEAn.

k Committee ot Proprietor* Appointed.

Names of Comiuitie«f.

Chairman.

withdrawing (hall not be filled up By new Subfcriptions, or taken by the remaining Subfcribers within Two Months from the Date of fuch General Meeting, or in cafe no fuch General Meeting (hall be held, or if no fuch Statement (hall be made to fuch General Meeting, then in the faid Cafes the whole of this A& (hall become null and void, and the Overplus (if any) of all Depoiits or Advances (hall be returned to the refpe&ive Subfcribers, aftg; deducing all Expences ia obtaining and palling this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Eftimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, out of fuch Depoiits or Advances, and thereupon the whole of the faid Arrangements under the Order of the Court of Chancery, (hall be revived and be ailed upon in fuch and the like manner as if this Att had not been made, but in cafe of the above Subicription being filled on the Terms and in the manner above mentioned, then all future General AfTemblies of the faid Company of Proprietors, except fuch Special General Afiemblies as (hall be convened by the Committees for particular Purpofes, (hall be held annually between the Hours of Eleven in the Foreuoon and Two in the Afternoon, at fuch . Days and Places as the Committee hereinafter appointed for the time being (hall direll; of which Firft and every future General A (Tembly and AfTemblies Ten Days previous Notice, at lealt, (hall be given by pub-lick Advertisement, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and Three or more Newfpapers, and in fuch other manner as the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors (hall direll; and that the faid Company of Proprietors, at fuch their refpe&ive General or Special Afiemblies, (hall and may appoint a Chairman, who (hall not oaly vote as a Proprietor, but in cafe of an Equality of Votes, (hall have a calling Vote.

VII. And be it further enaded. That, for the better forwarding the Purpofes of this Alt and the Interefi of the faid Company, there (hall be a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable Cavendijh Bradjhaw, the Honourable	Kinnaird, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Samuel Whit•

bread, Peter Moore, liarve^ Chrijlian Combe, William 4dam, Richard Sharpe and Richard W'tlfon, Efquires, (hall be the Firft Committees Provided always, that no Perfon or Perfons holding any Contract, Engagement or Employment refpe&ing the laid Building (hall be capable of being ele&edor of ferving upon fuch Committee during the time of his Continuance iq fuch Contrail, Engage, ment or Employment for the faid Building, nor uulels he (hall pofiks' or hold in his own Right One Share in the laid.Undertaking; and that the faid Committee (hall and may, at every Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their laid Office, appoint a Chairman by and out of the faid Committee ; and that no Member of any Committee (hall have more than one Vote upon any Queflion that' may be agitated in the faid Committee, except in cafe of, an Equality of Votes, and in that Cafe the Chairman (hall have the decifive or calling Vote, although he may have given one Vote before; and that the faid Committee (hall be authorized to add any Number of Proprietors not exceeding Eleven to^ the faid Committee, and that Tnree of the faid Committee, namely, Samuel Whitbread, Peter;

* Moore and Harvey Chrijlian Combe, Efquires, (hall be the Truftees who (hall appoint the Banker or Bankers where the Theatre Sub-feription Account (hall be held; and the faid Committee are hereby;

audio-

Digitized by Google

A.D,i8io.‘	509	GEQ. III.	C. ccxlr.	529

authorized and dircfted cither eolleftively or by appoint in g feleft ■ Committees out of their <»wn Number for the different Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, if it fhould appear to them the preferable Mode of executing the fame, to arrange and complete Terms of Settlement and Compenfation with the feveral Claimants on the faid Property* and to determine upon and felcft the Plan for rebuilding, and. to~ make Contracts and Bargains for erecting the faid Theatre as hereinafter is mentioned, and alfo for arranging the Terms upon which all Rights and Interefts of the prefent Proprietors (hall be made over to the faid intended Company of Proprietors, and all other neceffary Purpofes: Provided always, that no Member of the Provlfo. fard Committee having any Claim or Demand upon or Intereft in the faid'Property, while the fame (hall remain unfettled, fhall be competent to with’or vote in any Committee employed in fettling the Terms and Compenfation to be made to the faid Claimants^ Par-tie* i/iterefted ; and that the Fifff Committee (hall continue until Three Mouths after the Opening of the faid Theatre, and (hall then •go out of Office in the Order and Rotation herein mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the Firft Committee Potrerof which fhall*meet under and by virtue of this Aft are hereby autho-

rized spid dircfted to form and arrange a Plan for the future Government and Conduct of the Theatre Property, as fhall feem bed calculated according to their Judgment to promote and maintain the Interefts and Character of the Undertaking, and to meet the Expectations arid merit the Approbation of the Publick, fuch Plan to he fubmitted to a General Meeting of the faid Company, to be fpeeially called by Advertifements in the London Gazette, and fuch of the London Newfpapers as the faid Committee (hall think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the Opening of the faid Theatre, fuch Plan to be adopted, altered or rejected by a Majority at fuch Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby veded in or directed to be exercifed by the faid Committee, or any other Committee to be hereafter appointed, may bo done and exercifed by the major Part of the Members prefent at the refpeftive Meetings (the fame having beert duly convened) the whole Number prefent not being lefs than Five; and every fuch Committee fhall from time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the faid General Af-femblies of, the Proprietors; and the faid Committee fhall (fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Orders and Regulations as herein mentioned), meet at fuch Times and Places, and (hall and may from time to time adjourn themfelvcs to fuch other Times and Places as they at their reipeftive Meetings (hall think fit.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Committee herein Empowering appointed, or any pther Committee for the time b^ing to be ap- t.jnumu. r *o pointed in purfuancc of this Aft, (hall and may at their (aid Meet- nu

ings, contraft and agree for and complete the Purchafe of fuch Meffuages, Ground, Property and Premifes, and the Machinery,

Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Mufic, and other Articles and Things, as they at fuch Meetings (hall' deem neceffary for erefting, building, decorating, completing and mak;ng fit for Representation the faid Theatre, and for arranging the Terms upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes may be let, fhould the faid Committee find it advifable and expedient for the Completion of the Plan, and for making and finifhiug the furrounding Buildings, Avenues, Paffages and 5° Geo. ill.	Mm	Improve-

Digitized by

Google

530	C. ccxiv.	50°	GEO. IIL	A.D.181 d.

Improvements to belong to the faid Theatre; and for the feveral other Purpofes in this A& mentioned ; and alfo (hall and may enter into and make Agreements, Contra&s and Bargains with the Archi-te<fts, Surveyors, Workmen and other Perfons, for erecting, build* ing and completing the faid intended Theatre, Buildings, Improvements, Works, and the feveral other Purpofes herein mentioned, and appoint an Architect, Surveyor, Secretary, Banker, Solicitor and other Officers and Servants, as they may deem neceffary to the faid Undertaking, with fitch Appointments, Salaries or Allowances, as fuch Committee (hall think proper; and that the Committee now appointed, or any other Committee hereafter to be appointed in purfuance of this Ad (fubjed neVerthelefs to the Orders and Di-redions herein mentioned) mall have the Cuftody of the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized* at any of their Meetings duly convened, to ufe, put and affix the fame to any Inftrument, Deed or Writing which they (hall deem neceflary for carrying the Purpofes of this Ad into Execution 5 and alfo (hall have full Power and Authority to dired and manage all and every the Affairs and Concerns of the faid Company of Proprietors, . and to dired and make the feveral Payments out of the Joint Stock of the faid Company,, which they at their faid Meetings may deem neceffary, and dired and order all or any of the feveral Purpofes herein mentioned; and the faid Committees are hereby authorized and di-reded to keep a full, corred and true Account of all Monies which they fhall from time to time pay, or order and dired to be paid, and ^or what Purpofes, and alfo a full, corred and true Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they from time to time (hall receive in refped of the faid Theatre.

^uhfcquent	X.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Committee fo eleded

Appoiutment of (hall continue in Office until Three Months after the Opening of the < iontnittre (ly fcjd Theatre, and on fuch Day Seven of the faid Committee (hall go inriw Room^oi out ^^lce an^ ceafe to be upon the Committee of the faid Com-thole quii." out PanY ; anc^ order to determine who of the faid Committee (hall go of Office by out of Office and ceafe to be of the Committee of the faid Company, Houiiuu. the Secretary of the faid Company at the General Affembly of the faid Company to be holden on that Day or fome Adjournment thereof, (hall and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one difliud Pieces of Paper of equal Size the Name of One of the faid Committee ou each of fuch Papers ; and all fuch Papers (hall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or '	Wheel, and Seven of fuch Papers (hall then be drawn out of fuch

Box or Wheel by fuch Secretary, one by one, and thofe Seven of. the Committee whofe Names (hall be upon fuch Papers refpettjvely x fo drawn* fhall go out of Office and ceafe to he upon the Committee of the faid Company, and the faid Company (hall then ele& by Ballot as afore faid Seven Members of the faid Company, who (hall feve-raily be pofTeffed and entitled to Three Shares at tne lead in the faid Undertaking, and fuch Seven Perfons fo elected (hall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years ^except in cafe of Death or Re-fufal to a£t, or ceafing to be qualified in manner by this A A directed, or being removed or difplaced by the faid Company of Proprietors at any General AfTembly or Special General Affembly convened for that Purpofe) and no longer; and on the Firft Wedntfday in the next fucceeding Month of May after the Expiration of the faid

TJuxe

Digitized by Google

C. ccxlr.

$ 3*

50° GEO. III.

^Three Years, Seven more of th® Committee firft eieded by virtue of this Ad as Part of the Committee, or the Perfon or Perfons ele&ed in his or their Room or Stead, (hall go out of Office and ceafe to be 9poo the Committee of the faid Company, and in order to determine who of fuch Seven of the Committee (hall go out of Office and ceafe to be upon the Committee of the faid Company, the Secretary of the faid Company at the General Alfembly of the faid Company to be holden on that Day or fume Adjournment thereof, fhal) and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one diftind Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of fuch of the Com-jnittee on each ot the faid Papers, and all fuch Papers (hall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or \Vheel by fuch Secretary, and Seven of fuch Papers (hall be then dr?wo out of fuch Box or Wheel by fuch Secretary one by one, and tbofe of the Committee whofe Names (hall be upon fuch Papers refpedively fo drawn (hall go out of Office and ceale to be upon the Committee of the' faid Company, and the faid Company '(hall then eled, by Ballot as aforefaid, Seven Members of the faid Company, qualified as aforefaid, to be upon the Committee of the faid Company in the Room or Stead of fuch Seven of the Committee, and fuch Seven Perfons fo eieded (hall continue in Office for the Space of Three Year*, (except in cafe of Death or Refufal to ad, or ceafing to be qualified in manner by this Ad direded, or being removed or difpTaced as aforefaid) and no longer; and on the Firft Wedncfday in the next fucceeding Month of May the Seven remaining Members of the Committee firft eieded by virtue of this Ad, or the Perfon or Perfons eieded in his or their Room or Stead, (hall go out of Office and ceafe to be upon the Committee of the faid Company; and the faid Company (hall, at their General A {Terribly, to be holden on that Day or fome Adjournment thereof, eled by Ballot as afore, faid Seven Members of the (aid Company,* qualified as aforefaid, Xo be upon the Committee of the faid Company, in the Room or jStead of fuch Seven of the Committee going out of Office as laft aforefaid; apd fuch Seven Perfons fo eieded (hall continue in Offices for the Space of Three Years, (except in cafaof Death or Refufal to ad, or ceafing to be qualified in manner by this Ad direded, or being removed or difplaced as aforefaid,) and no longer; and on the Firft IVedntfday in every fucceeding Month of May in each and every Year, Seven Perfons out of the Members of the faid Company, qualified as aforefaid, (hall be eieded by Ballot as aforefaid, by the laid Company, to be Members of the Committee of the faid Com-pany; and fuch Seven Perfons fo eieded (hall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in cafe of Death or Refufal to Sid, or ceafing to be qualified in manner by this Ad direded, or being removed or difplaced as aforefaid) and no longer: Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors agaiu to nominate and appoint any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo qualified as afo-efaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Members of the faid Committee ; and in cafe, on any fuch Firft IVednefday in the Month of May in any Year, no jucb Nomination aixi Appointment of fuch Seven Members of the Committee (hall be made, then, and in every fuch Cafe, another Meeting of the faid Company (hall be holden on the Firft IVedr.sJday in Jwt following, for the Purpofe of making fuch Eledion ; and in

M m 2	cafe

In caff Cow-nultee njt appointed on Dap ircniiourd, another M**eVn »

tu He hud for ’haJL Pur pole.

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io.

S32

Subfequent Appointment of (ommirtec J>y Proprietors in the Room of ihofe who (hall die, icfule to a<ft, or become disqualified.

Auditors to be appointed.

Subfequent Appointment of Auditors.

C. ccxlv.	50° GEO. III.

cafe no fuch Nomination and Appointment (hall be then made, then, and in every fiich Cafe, another Meeting of the faid Company fhall be holden on the Firft IVcdnefday following, for the Purpole of mak* ing fuch Elcftion, and fo tot'ies quotics until fuch Seven Members of the Committee fhall be chofen ; but fuch Seven Members of the Committee fhall nut continue in Office or be Members of the faid Committee, for any longer Space of time than if they had been elefted on the Firft Wednefday in the Month of May as aforefaid ; and until fuch Seven Members of the Committee fhall be chofen^ the Seven Members of the Committee going out of their Office fhall continue in Office, and fhall enjoy the fame Powers and Authorities as the other Members ferving upon the faid Committee.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Per-fons elefted by the faid Company as a Member or Members of the Committee of the faid Company, fhall die or refufe to aft in the Execution of this Aft, or fhall ceafe to-be entitled to One Share at the leaft in the faid Undertaking, or fhall hold any Place, Contra^ or Employment, refpefting the faid Building, under the faid Company, or being otherwife disqualified to aft with or vote in any Committee as hereinbefore mentioned, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company to eleft, at the next General AfTembly, or at fome Special General AfTembly of the faid Company to he called for that Purpofe, fome Perlon or Perfons qualified as aforefaid to be a Member or Members of the Committee of the faid Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of the Committee fo dving or refufing to aft, or ccafing to be qualified, or holding any Place, Contraft or Employment refped^itig the building the faid Theatre and Premifes under the faid Company ; and every Perfon or Perfons fo elefted fhall have the like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions as the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Room or Stead be or they fhall be fo elefted, and fhall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the Committee for fuch time and no longer as the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Room or Stead he or they Audi be fo elefted would have continued in Office.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Company of Proprietors fhall, at their Firft General Aflembly, or at any Adjournment of the fame, deft by Ballot Two Perfons of and out of the faid Company of Proprietors to be Auditors of the Accounts of the faid Company, and fuch Perfons fhall continue in Office until the next General Aflembly of the faid Company to be holden on the Firft IVednefday in the Month of May then next enfuing, but no Perfon fhall be capable of being elefted, or of ferving as an Auditor of the Accounts of the faid Company, nnlefs he fhall hold and he pofTeffed of One Share at leaft in the faid Undertaking : Provided always, that no Perfon or Perfons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contraft under the faid Company, fhall be capable of being elefted, or of ferving as fuch Auditor of Accounts during the time of his Continuance in fuch Place, Office, Employment, or holding fuch Contraft.

XIII.	And be it farther enafted, That the faid Auditors fo elefted, or the Perfon or Perfon9 fo elefted in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Aft, fhall continue in Office until the faid Firft IVednefday in the Month of May next after fuch Eleftion; aod on

fuch

Digitized by C^ooQle

C. ccxiv.

50° GEO. lib

S3I

filch Day, One of the faid Auditors (hair go out of Office and ceafe to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the faid Company, and the famo Provifions hereinbefore made and enaded in refped of the Election of Members to ferve upon the Committee in the Room of thofe going out by Balht or Rotation, or who (hall die, refufe to ad, or become difqualified, fliall be applicable to the Eledion of Auditors of Accounts.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That the Auditors'of the Ac- t'owrr* of th« counts of the faid Company, (hall and they are hereby empowered AuUiu»nk and required to meet at Come convenient Place Four times at the lead

in every Year, for the Purpofe of examining the Accounts of the faid Company, and at inch Meetings, all Accounts of Money received, laid out and difburfed on account of the faid Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Committees,

Treafurers, Receivers, Secretary, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, employed by or concerned for or under the faid Company, in and about the faid Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging, fliall be laid before the faid Auditois to be audited and fettled,e4ind the faid Auditors (hall caufe a fair and correct Statement of the Accounts to be made out, which Statement (hall be laid before the next General or Special General Aflembly of the faid Company of Proprietors for their Confirmation, and in order to der fray the Expences of their Meetings, the faid Auditors fliall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock of the faid Company of Proprietors, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fliall be direded, ad-jufted and fettled by the faid Company of Proprietors at any General Aflembly.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That from and Proprietors not after the Firft General Meeting to be held under this Act, no Pro- entitled *»v»ne prietor or Proprietor* (hall be deemed to be qualilicd or entitled to JJJ?

vote who has or have not poflefled his, her or their Shares, and Three Calendar

whofe Name or Names hath or have not been entered in manner Month*.

hereinafter directed in the Books of the faid Company, as the Pof-

feflor or Pofleflors, and Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Shares,

for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding, at

any General or Special General Aflembly of the Proprietors of the

faid Undertaking.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it fuither enaded, That the faid Committees may Committee (hall have Power, and they are hereby required from time male Calls,

to time to make fuch Call or Calls of Money from the Subfcribers to Share* forfeited and Proprietors of and in the faid Undertaking, to defray the Ex- Aldv»n^M,, pences of, or to carry on the fame as they the faid Committee (hall ‘lo i,e ta^en from time to time find wanting and neceflary for the Purpofes of of Forfeiture this Ad, fo that no fuch Call (hall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds without Motion, for every Share, except as hereinafter mentioned; and fuch Calls (hall not be made but at the Diftance of Twenty one Days at lead from each other, and Ten Days Notice at lead fliall be given of all fuch Calls as afore faid by Advertisement in Three or more of the London Newfpapers, and in fuch other manner as the faid Company of Proprietors (hall at any General Aflembly dired and appoint: Provided, that it lhall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any'Proprietor or Proprietors beyond the full Amount of the Sum or Sums which by his, her or their Subfciiption, he, (lie or they had undertaken to pay for his, her or thrii faid Share or Shares; ax.d every

M m 3	Owner

Digitized by Google

534

C. ccxiv.

A.D.1810.

go* GEO. III.

Penalty

Perfonal Notice ol Call.

Inferted in Lomlou Gazette*

Suhfcnl)€T$ to pay their Sub* {cTipt.o* f on Calls by the Committee.

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking (hall pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the h^onies to be called for as aforefaid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Time and Place, as the faid Committee (hall from time to time order and dire&: and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negledfc or refufe to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money fo called for aa aforefaid (except fuch Subfcribers as (hall have withdrawn themfelves and their Subfcrip-tions from the faid Company at and within the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned) at the Time and Place appointed by fuch Committee, or within Twenty one Days next enfning, he, (he or they fo neglecting or refilling (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Pound for every Share he, (he or they (hall have in the faid Undertaking ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall continue to ne-gle& or refufe to pay his, her or their rateable Call or Calls as afore-laid for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time fo appointed for Payment thereof, then, and iri every fuch Cafe, he, fh£ or they fo neglrding or refuling (hall forfeit his, her or theiriefpec-tive Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, and all tbeiiprofits and Benefits thereof, and all Sum and Sums of Money which he, (he or they (hall have previoufly paid for or on account of the fame, and fave and except as aforefaid ; all which Shares and Sum and Sum* of Money fo forfeited (hall be vetted in the faid Company of Proprietors in truft for and for the Benefit of all the red of the faid Proprietors, in proportion to their refpeftive Interefts in the faid Undertaking, Ur (hall at the Difcretion of any of the faid General or Special General Aflemblies,' be publickly fold for the Ufe of the reft of the faid Proprietors, whofe Shares and Interefts (hall not have been forfeited as aforefaid ; Provided neverthelef?, that no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the. faid Undertaking (hall be or be deemed to be incurred, fave and except perfonal Notice of fuch Call or Calls in Writing figned by the Secretary or Secretaries to the faid Committee, (hall have been given to or left at the iaft or ufual Place^ or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of fuch Share or Shares refpe&ively, provided fuch Place or Places of Abode fhall be within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange of the City of London, or until fuch Notice (hall be fent to or left at the iaft or ufual Place or Places of Abode of fuch Owner or Owners refpe&ively, provided fuch Place or Places of Abode (hall be Twenty Miles or upwards diftant from the Royal Exchange in the City of London, tr«d in cafe the Place or Places of Abode of any fuch Owner or Owners fhall not be known to the Secretary or Secretaries of the faid Committee, then fuch Notice (hall be inferted once in the London Gazette, nor until all fuch Share or Shares fhall likewife have been declared to be forfeited at fome General or Special General Aflembly of the faid Company of Proprietors.

XVII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the refpe&ive Perfons who have fubferibed or who fhall hereafter fubferibe or advance any Money for and towards the faid Undertaking, or fhall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, fhall and he, fhe and they is and are hereby requin d to pay the Sum or Sums by them refpeftively fubferibed (or fuch Parts and Proportions thereof as (hall from time to time be called for by the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.i8io.	50" GEO* III.	C. ccxW;	53;

by virtue of and agteeatye tc*the Powers and Diredions of this Ad) at fuch Times and Places and in fuch manner as (hall be dire&ed by the faid Committee: and in cafe any fuch Subfcriber or Sub-fcribers (hall negled or refufe to pay the fame at the Time and Place and manner fo required for that Purpofe, the (aid Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to fue for and recover the fame in any of His Majelty’s Courts of Law or Equity whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That in all Adions brought Proceeding in by the (aid Company of Proprietors again ft any Perfon or Perfons Actions lor Cals, who hath or have fubfcribed, or who (nail hereafter fubfcribe or advance any Money for and towards the faid Undertaking, or againft

any Owner or- Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid. Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the (aid Company for or by reafon of any Gall or Calls made by virtue ©f this Ad, it fhall b£ fufficient for the faid Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being an Owner or Owner3, Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch or fo many Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, is or are indebted to the faid Company in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear (hall amount to for fuch and fo many Call or \

Calls.of fuch or fo many Sum or Sums of Money upon fuch or fo many Share or Shares belonging to the faid Defendant or Defendants (as. the Cafe may happen to be) whereby an Adion hath accrued to the faid Company by virtue of this Ad, without fetting forth the fpecial Matter; and on the Trial of fuch Adion it (hall be only n6ceffary to 'prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making fuch Cad or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of fome Share or Shares in the fajd Undertaking 5 and that fuch Call or Calls was or were in fad made, and that fuch Notice was given thereof as is direded by this Ad ; and the faid Company (hall thereupon be entitled to recover what (hall appear to be due, unlefs it (hall appear that Notice was not given as at ore faid 5 and after Judgment (hall be given for the faid Company in any fuch Adion, Execution (hall not be (fayed by reafon of any .Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unlefs fuch Defendant or Defendants, with Two fufficient Sureties, (hall firft become bound to the faid Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which fuch Judgment (hall be given in double the Sum adjudged to the faid Company by fuch Judgment, to profecute the faid Writ of Error with E fifed; and alfo if the faid Judgment (hall be affirmed, or the faid Writ of Error be non-pro (Ted, to fatisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Cofts adjudged by the faid Judgment, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Subfcriber Committee may or Subscribers to the faid Undertaking (hall be minded and defirous allow Imereti to to pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the faid Com- Proprietors on roittee, or of the Perfon or Perfons whom they (hall appoint to iaa,^ and*on receive the fame, the full Amount of his, her or their Subscription JjJJ.1 j)’^ ()f or Subfcriptions for fuch Share or Shares for which-he, (he or they Subft-iiUv* may have fubfcribed, or any Part thereof, without waiting for the before .Share* faid Call ©r Calls to be made, then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall be law- comp'rtrd, ’heir ful for the faid Committee to pay to the faid Subfcriber or Subfcribcrs

fo paying in advance as aforeiaid, out of the Funds of the faid Com- ma* WIU

M ai 4	pany,

Digitized by

536

C. ccxiv.

50° GEO. III.

A.D.iSid-

pany, Intereft upon the Seim or SumOffb advan<*ed, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount which' fuch Payment in Advance may be over and above the faid Calls, and from the time of advancing the fame up to the Period of fuch fubiequeht Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance, over and above the Amount of fuch Call; and that if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, (hall happen to die befote fuch Call or Calls fhall have been made for the* full Sum or Sums to be advanced on -any Share or Shares which he, (he or they (hall have been pofleffed of or entitled to, without having made Provifion, by Will or otherwHe, how and in what manner fuch Share or Shares (hall be difpofed. of, or the Calls for the fame paid, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators of every fuch Owner or Proprietor, fo dying, or the Truftee-or Truftees*, Committee'or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Perfon or Ferfons entitled to the Eftate and Effects of any fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be indemnitied again ft all and every fuch Infant or Infants, and againft all and every other Perfon or Perfoqa whomfoever, fpr or on account of his, her or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforefajd, to complete every fuch Subscription; .and if fuch deceafed Owner or Owners Proprietor or Proprietors, (hall not have left Affets fufficient, or in cafe the Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators, Truftee or Truftees, Committee- or Committees, Guardian or Guar-Executon, &c. dians fhall refufe or neglect to anfwer fuch Calls for the Space of Three Calendar Months, after Notice in Writing, figtfed by the Secretary of the faid Company of Proprietors fhall have been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their laft or. ufnal Place or Places of Abode, the faid Company of Proprietors (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perfon or Perfons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the . Share or Shares of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on condition that he, (he or they fo admitted do and fhall, on or before fuch Admiflion, pay to the Executor or Executors, Ad-miniftrator or Adminiftrators of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Truftee or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of the Infant or Infants or ,	other	Perfon	or Perfons who may be entitled to his, her or their Ef-

fects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which fhall have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors in his, her or their Lifetime by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwife, upon fuch Share or Shares, or fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be fold for, and in cafe no Perfon or Perfons fhall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon fuch Condition as aforefaid. Sham forfeited, then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Share or Shares fhall be forfeited to and become veiled in the reft of the faid Company of Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, in truft for and for the equal Benefit of all the reft of the faid Proprietors, in proportion to their refpec-tive Interefts in the faid Undertaking, and fhall be fubjedl to be fold and difpofed of in like manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and difpofed of by virtue of this A&. sw« may	XX. And be it further eua&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful

he Rild.	,	tO

relating to aniner Call.

Od nr Perfon* fuhnuted.

Digitized by CjOOQle

C. ccxir.

537

A.D.1810.

50* GEO. IIL

Form of Transfer.

to aud for the faid {everal Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, his, her or their refpe&ive Executors, Adroiniftrators and Afligns to fell and difpofe of any Share or Shares to which he, Ihe or they may be entitled therein, fubje& to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned* the Conveyance of which Shares {hall be in Form or to the Effect following; videlicet*

*	I	of	in

4. confiderfction of	paid	to	me by

4	of	do	hereby	bargain,	fell,

*	aflign and transfer to the faid .	the Sum of

*	.	Capital	Stock	of and in the Theatre Royal

4 Drury Lane, being	of	my	C>hare

4	> m the faid Undertaking, to hold to the faid

4	‘	Executors,	Admihiftrators and Afligns, fuhjedt to

« the (ache Rules, Orders and. Reftridions, and on the fame Cor.di-4 tions that I Held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof, *

*	and I thefaid	da	hereby	agree to take '

4 and accept the faid Capital Stock of'Share of

4	fubjed	to	the fame Rules, Orders, Reftri&ions afid Con-

« ditiona. As witnefs our;Hands and Seals this 4 Day of	m.	the	Year of our Lord One thou-

*	land ergh’t hundred and

And on every fuch Sale the faidDeed or Conveyance (being executed . by the Seller or Sellers, and the -Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Share or* Shares) fhidl be. kept by the-faid Purchafer or Purchafers . for bis, her or their Security, after tbe Secretary or Scpretaries to the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe a Memorial of filch Transfer and Sale for the Ufe of the faid Company, and have te-ftitied and * endorfed the Entry of.fuch Memorial on .the'faid Deed, of Sale or Transfer, fur which no more thasrFive Shillings (halL )}e paid, "and Fee. the faid Secretary or Secretaries. is aod arc hereby required to make fuch Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until fuch Memo-’ rial (hall have been made ahd entered as above' directed, .fuch Tur-chafer or.Purchafers /lnll have tn Part or Share of the Protits, of the •	-

faid .Undertaking, nor any Intercft for fuch Share-or* Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any. Vote in* refpedl thereof as a’Proprietor A or Proprietors ofthe Lid Undertaking*.	‘	•

XX{. And be it further.--enacted;- That after any Qdl of,fuch Xo f?har« (hall Money {hall have been-made by the faid Comm:aye as aforefajd, no >»<•/',!'1 a,jrr a Perfon or Perfons (hall fell or transfer a;iy Share or Shares which f l,,l ^ ()ucy. he, flie or.they {hull. poffcis in the faid Unde:taking, on paid of for-.^1 feiting his,-her or their' refpedtive Sh; r£ gr Share* therein.to.the.faid Company of Proprietors, in trull for the Benefit, of -all the f<ud Pro- .. prietors, unlefs at the time of fuch’ Sale or Transfer fuch Call or Calls fhall have been paid and difeharged to the Treafurer'of the faid Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire S.ufn of Money which {hall have been called for upon each Share fo fold or traiifi- ' ferred, fuch Forfeiture neverthelnfs to be notified and declared at a General of Special General AfTembly in manner before.directed.

XXII. And, for the better Security of the feveral Proprietors of Xames of the faid Undertaking as to their refpective Shares therein, be it fur- Proprietor* and ther enafted, That the laid Company of Proprietors fhall and they N urn-»era of their are hereby required, at their hr ft, or as fo.ou as conveniently may be,	*

at ‘	1	*

Digitized by Google

53*

Book, and Certificates of thfc Number delivered to them.

Evidence*

Genera) Saving.

Public WAdt

4*0. 9. c.cKx.

C. CCXIVr—eexvit.	50° GEO. III.	A.D.1810.

at fome fubfeqijent General Aflembly to caufe the Names and proper Additions of the feveral Perfons who (hall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking* with the Number of Shares which they are then refpedively entitled to hold, and alfo the proper Number by which every Share (ha11.be diftiflguifhtd, to be fairly aud diftindly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by'the Secretary to the faid Company of Proprietors,, and after fuch Entry made to caufe their Common Seal to be affixed thereto; and (hall alfo caufe a Cer. tificate or Inftrumcnt, with the Common Seal of the faid Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every fuch Subscriber au Demand* fpecifying the Share or Shares to ivhich he, (he or they is or are entitled in'the faid Undertaking, or a Certificate for each feparate and diftind Share in cafe any Proprietor, of more than one Share fhall requeft the fame, every fuch Proprietor paying to the Secretary One Shilling and no more, for every fuch Certificate pr loft rumen t, and fuch Certificate or lnftrument fhall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of fuch Subscriber, his* her or their Executprs, Admmiftratork and Affigna, to the Share or Shares therein fpecified 5 but the Want of fuqh Certificate or Inftru-metit (hair not hinder or prevent' the Owner or Proprietor of aoy of the faid Share or Shares from felling of difpofing thereof-; and in cafe any fuch Certificate or Inftrument (hall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or (hall be afeertained to have been loft or de-ftroyed, then, and in fuch Cafe, another Certificate fhall be made out aud entered by the Secretary on the fante Terms and Conditions as aforefai^.

XXtII,‘ Saving always, to the King V Mo ft .Excellent Majefty, hia Heirk and Succe(Tors, and tQ all" and every* other Perfon and • Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, hia, her and their refpedive Heirs, Suocefiors, Executors, Adminiftratora and Afligna, all fuch "Eftate, Rights Title and Intereft as they, every -on any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to or but of the' faid late Theatre Drury .Lane, or the Property thereunto belonging, dr any Claims or Demands thereon before the palling of this Ad, or could or might or •ought to hafve had and enjoyed -in cafe this Ad had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be .deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and (ball be judicially taken Notice of es fuch by all Judges, Jufticea and others, without being fpecially pleaded.	•

Cap. eexv.

An Ad to alter and.amend the Lydney and Ltdbrook Railway Ad, to vaty certain Parts of the faid Railway, and to extend the fame from -Lidbrock to Bjhop's IVood, and from the Lower Forge to the Crop Ptilj and for making a Bafin and Canal to communicate with the River Severn vx Nafs Pqint.	[21ft June 1810.]

Cep. eexvi.

An Ad for eftabliftiing a Cbaoel of Eaffe at Tremadoc, in the Chapelry of 7~nyjcynhaiarnf in the County of Carnarvon.

[21ft June 1810.]

Cap. ccxvii*

Ad for removing one of the Truftees of the fettled Eftates and the other fettled Property cf the. Rcverer.d Richard Bur (on Burton

PbiHipfo*%

Digitized by c^ooQie

A.D.iSio.

50° CEO. III.	C. ccxvli—ccxviii.

Phillip/en, and for veiling the fame in other Truftees; and for enabling the High Court of Chancery -to appoint new Truftees.

(q. P.)	[2 ift June 1810.]

Cap. ccxviii.

An Aft for difafforefting the Foreft of South, otherwife Eajl Bert otherwife Bier, in the County of Southampton ; and for kicloling the Open Commonable Lands within the {aid Foreft.

. [21ft June 1810.]

•	TT7HEREAS the Kina's Moll Excellent Majefty, in Right

•	VV of his Crown, is feifed to himfelf, bia, Heirs ind Succef?

4 fors, of the Foreft of South otherwife Eajl Btre otherwife Bitrt 4 in the County of Southampton? and alfo in his Demefne as .of Fee y of and in Two Diftrifts or Divifions of Land there, commonly 4 called Purlieus within the fame; which Foreft is of coniiderable 4 Extent, and the Wafte Lands within the fame, exclufive of the 4 inclofed Lands, are computed to contain about Eight thoufand

•	Acres, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Right of Common and other 4 Rights as certain Perfons called Purlieu Owners, and the Free-

4 holders and Copyholders of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements . • .

4 fituate and being within the feveral Parifhes, Townfhips,- Ham-4 lets or Places of Soberton, Hambledon, Catherington, Blendworth,

4 Bedhampton, Kingjlon, Portijfaie otherwife Portfea, Farlington.

4 Wymering, Widley, Southwick, Wejl Burhunl,PortcheJlsr, IVicor and 4 Wickham, in the faid County of Southampton, or foihe of them,

4 or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the time being, are en-4 titled to, within, upon and over the faid Foreft : And whereas 4 the faid Foreft is divided intot Two Walks, one called The Eajl'

4 Walk, and the other called The Wejl Walk, within which are feve-4 ral fmaller Diftrifts or Divifions of Land,.commonly called Pur*

4 lieus, lying within the Regard of the faid Foreft, and appurtenant 4 to Manors near and adjoining to the faid Foreft, befides the afore-'

4 faid Two Divifions belonging to His Majefty: And whereas.

4 His Majcfty’s faid Demefne Lands confift of Three Parcels of 4 Land, Two in the faid Eaft Walk, and One in the faid Weil 4 Walk, within the faid Foreft, and which do contain in-the Whole,

4 in Statute Meafure, Nine hundred and twenty nine* Acres and Fif-4 teen Perches, or thereabouts, together' with the feveral Lodges 4 and other Buildings and Ereftions in and upon the faid feveral Pieces 4 or Parcels of Land, called or known by the names of The Wejl 4 Lodge, The Eajl or Creech Lodge, and Bulls Lodge, and together 4 alfo with all the Timber and other rlYees, Wood and Underwood . 4 upon the fame Pieces or Parcels of Demefne Land ; and His Ma-4 jefty is alfo intitled to the firft Right of Feed and Pafturage <Jver 4 the whole Regard of the faid Foreft for the Vert and Feed of 4 His Majefty's Deer: And whereas Thomas Thifilth way te Efquire 4 is Hereditary Warden oF the faid Foreft, and in right thereof is 4 entitled to certain Privileges and Patronage within and over the faid 4 Foreft, to him, his Heirs and Afligns, fo long as the fame (hall re-4 main a Foreft, upon certain Conditions exprefled in the Grant of ■ fuch Office : And whereas the faid feveral other fmaller Diftrifts,

4 called Purlieus, belong, or are claimed to belong to the Right Re-4 verend the Lord Bifbop of Win hcjler, the Right Honourable Lord 4 Stowe!!, the Right Honourable Lord Vifcount Powcrfcourt, the I	4 Right

Google

A«D»i81 o*

540	C.	ccxviii.	jo° GEO. ilL

*	Right Honourable the Earl of Portfmoutb, the Wardei and Soho-

•	4	lars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejicr% near Wincbefler*

4 the faid Thomas ThijilethwaytCy the Reverend Samuel Clarke Jer-

*	voife, Elizabeth Guitton Widow, Charles William Taylor Efquire, 4 Sophia Leekt Widoyv, John Hornby Efquire, Paul Minchin Efquire, 4 George Gamier Efquire, James Amyatt Efquire, and other Perfons, 4 of different Extents and Proportions, as their own refpettive De-4 mefne Eftates, together with all the Timber and other Trees and 4 Underwoods upon the fame refpe&ively ; but fubjedt to fuch Right 4 of Feed for His Majefty’s Deer, and to Common Rights as afore-

-	4	faid : And whereas the Boundaries, Perambulation or Regard of

4 the faid* Foreit extend over the faid feveral Parifhes, Townfhipi 4 or Hamlets or Part thereof, of Sohertony Hamlledon, Cather-4 ingtori, EUndworth, Bedhampton>' Kingjlon, Portijfaie otherwise 4 Portfea, Farlington, Wymering, Widley, Southzuick, Wrjl Bur hunt, 4 Portchejler, Wicor and Wickham, or fome of them : And whereas 41C. 3. (U. K.) 4 an Adi was paffed in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His c. 109.	4 prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for eonfolidating in one A3 cer~

4 lain Provijions ufually inferted in Ads of Inclrfure ; and for facili-4 fating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the 4 pajftng of fuch ActsAnd whereas the Wade Lands of the faid 4 Foreft were heretofore of great Value and Utility from the Timber 4 and'Underwood thereon, which of late Years have been very much . 4 injured, and in many Parts totally deilroyed, and the Soil thereof,

4 in its prefent uncultivated State, is but of fmall Value, either to 4 His Majefty or tp the other Perfons interestd therein, but from 4 its Contiguity to His Majefty’s Dock Yard of Portfmouthy if the 4 faid Foreft were, difafforeded and- tht; Open Commonable Lands .4 within the fame were divided, allotted and inclofed, and if the 4 prefent Demefncs of the Crown and the Allotment to the Crown,

4 as hereinafter mentioned, were fet apart for the Growth and Ptefer-vation of Wood and Timber, the lame would be of great Benefit 4 and Advantage to His Majefty and to the Publick in general, as

*	4 well to the feveral Perfons having Property ami Rights in the

.	4 faid Foreft : And whereas it hath been {lipuldicd by and between

4 the Right Honourable the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’*

4 Treafury, with the Advice of the Surveyor General of His Majefty’*

4 Woods, for and oil Behalf of His Majefty and the laid Thomas 4. ThiJllcthwaylCy .and the faid feveral Perfons called Purlieu Qvvmrsy 4 that the Confideration to His Majefty and to the faid Warden for 4 difafforefting the faid Foreft, and Lofs of Privileges and Patronage 4 as aforefaid, and obtaining His faid Majefty’s Confent, and the 4 Confent of the faid Warden to the palling this A£l for the Pur-4 pofes aforefaid, (hould be as follows, (videlicet) $ All thofe Pieces 4 or Parcels of L?.nd within the Weft Walk* one Piece whereof 4 being Part and Parcel of the Diftridt commonly called the Purlieu 4 belonging to the Earl of Portfmouthy within the laid Walk, con-4.taming One hundred Acres, abutting Noith on the faid Demcfue 4 Lands of the Crown, within the faid Weft Walk, South ou the 4 Allotment next hereinafter mentioned, Eaft on the Land called the * Purlieu -of. the Earl of Portfmouthy and Weft upon the faid Dc« 4 mefne Lands of the Crown 111 Part, and in other Part on the fan*c 4 next hereinafter mentioned Allotment ; one other Piece, containing 4 Oue hundred and fifty Acres, being Part and Parcdof the Lar*d

4 culled

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.	50°	GEO.	III.	C.	ccrviii.

*	called the Purlieu of the faid George Gamier, abutting North in « Part on the fame DemeTne Lands of the Crown, and in other Part

*	on the faid la(l mentioned Allotment, South on the Land called the

*	Purlieu of the faid Lord Vifcount Ponverfcourt, Eafl on the Land

*	called the Purlieu of the faid Earl of Portfmouth, and Weft on

*	the Land called the Purlieu of the faid George Gatnier ; and alfo

*	all thofe Pieces or Parcels of Land in the Eaft Walk, one Piece

*	whereof being Part and Parcel of the Land’called the Purlieu be-

*	longing to the See of Wmthjler, in the faid Eaft Walk, contain-

* ing Two hundred and thirty live Acres and Thirty feven Perches, 4 abutting North and Eaft on the faid Land called the Purlieu be-4 longing to the faid See of Winchejler, South on the Land called 4 the Purlieu of the faid Thomas Thijllethwayte, and Weft on the; 4 faid Demefne Lands of the ’Crown in the faid Eaft Walk ; one 4 other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called thq Purlieu 4 of the faid Thomas Thiftlethwayte in the faid Eaft Walk, contain-4 ing Fourteen Acres Three Roods and Three Perches, abutting 4 North on the faid: Demefne Lands of the. Crown, South on the 4 Land called the Purlieu of the faid Thomas Thyffletbivayte, Eafl 4 on the faid laft mentioned Allotment, and Wtdl on the Land called 4 the Purlieu of the faid Thomas Thijllethwayte ; and all thofe Two 4 Pieces or Parcels of Land in the faid Eaft Walk, one Piece whereof 4 being Part and Parcel of and belonging to the Land Called the 4 Purlieu of the faid See of Winchejler, in the faid Eaft Walk, con-4 taining Seventy-three Acres, and bounded as follows, on the North 4 by the Land called the Purlieu of the faid John Hornby, on the 4 South by the Land called the Purlieu of the faid Thomas Thijlletk-4 wayte, on the Eaft by incldfed Lands at Hipley, and on the. Well 4 in Part by the inclofcd Lands of the faid Thomas Thifllethwayte, 4 and in other Part by the inclofed Lands of die ‘feid John Hornby, 4 and the other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called the 4 Purlieu of the faid John Hornby, containing Twenty feven Acres, 4 bounded on the North by’the Land called the Purlieu of the faid 4 John Hornby, South upon the faid laft mentioned Allotment, Eaft 4 upon the faid laft mentioned Land called the Purlieu of the See of 4 Winchejler, and Weft upon the Land called the Purlieu of the faid 4 Thomas Thifllethwayte; which faid feyeral Pieces or Parcels of 4 Land contain together Six hundred Acres : But inafmuch* how-4 ever, as the faid Foreft cannot be difaftorefted, nor the other 4 Porpofes before mentioned effe&ed, without the Aid and Au-4 thority '.f Parliament:' May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be cna&ed.; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Thomas Bain-bridge, of Guildford Street, in the Parifh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefex, Gentleman, William Pearce, of Craig1 s Court, in the City and Liberty of We/imin/ler, Gentleman, and George Barnes, of Andover, in the County of Hants, Land Surveyor, and their Succeflors, to be nominated or appointed in manner, hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Commiftioners for dividing, allotting and inclofing all the Open Common ible Lands and Grounds within the faid Forcft, except the Six hundred Acres hereinbefore mentioned and deferibed, and for carrying

into

541

Commiflioner*.

Digitized by Google

54*

C. ccxviiu

A.D.1810*

4] G. 3. (U. K.) C. 109.

For appointing new Commit-boner*.

So* GEO. III.

into Execution the feveral other Purpofcs of this Aft, in fuch man* ner as is hereinafter provided or mentioned, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubjeft to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft of the forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Aft 5 And that all Afts, Matters or Things authorized or neceflary to be done and executed by the faid Commiflioners for effefting the Purpofes aforeLid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame (hall be as valid and effeftual as if fuch Afts, Matters and Things had bees done and executed by all tbc^Commidioners herein nominated and appointed.

II. And be it further * enafted, That in cafe the faid William Ptarcet or any Peffon to be nominated or appointed a Commiflioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Aft, (hall die, refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting as fucli Commiflioner in the Execution of the faidrecited Aft and this Aft, then, and in fuch Cafe, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord Bilhop of Win* chejlcr for the time being, and the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College,- of Winchc/hrf near Winchtjler, and their Suc-ceffors for the time being, by any Writing under their Common Seals, within One Month after fuch Death, Refufal or Incapacity as afore-faid (hall be made known to them, by Notice in Writing, ligned by any of the faid Commiflioners, to be left at the ufual Plate of Abode of the faid.Lord Bilhop and at the faid College, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not interefted in the faid intended Divifioa and Inclofure) to be a Comraifijoner in the Room or Stead of the faid William Pearcey or of fuch other Perfon nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead fo dying or refuiing or becoming incapable to aft as afore faid, and* fo from time to time, as often as any Commif-fioner to be nominated and appointed by the faid Lord Bifhop and the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks as aforefaid, dial] die, refufe, negleft. or become incapable to aft as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft; and in cafe the faid Thomas Ba\nbriige, or any Perfcn to be nominated and appointed a Commiflioner irt his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Aft, (hall die, refufe, negleft or become incapable to aft in the Execution of this Aft and of the faid recited Aft, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral Perfons commonly called Purlieu Owners^ interefted in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, or the major Part of them (other than and except the Lord Bilhop of Winchejler for the time being and the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks) who (hall at* tend by themfelves or by their Agents or Proxies at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe at the Golden Lion in Southwici aforefaid, (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the leaft and of the Purpofe thereof (hall be given by Advertisement, figned with the Name or Names of any One or more of the faid Commiflioners, in the Salijbury> Portfmouth and Winch cjiir Journals, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpapers piiuted or circulated in the faid County of Southampton) to nominate, eleft, and appoint by any Inftrument in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, fome fit and proper Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifion and inclofure) to be a Commiflioner in the Room

or

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8io»

C. ccrrlih

543

50° GEO. IH.

mr Stead of the faid Thomas Bainbrtdgc or of fuch other Perfbn nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, id dying or refuting or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid, and Co from time to time as often as any Cornmilfioner to be nominated and appointed by fuch Purlieu Owners fhall die, refufe or become incapable to ad as fuch Commiflioncr in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; and in cafe the faid George Barnes, or any Perfon to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Ad a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead, fhall die or refufe to ad, of become incapable of ading in the Execution of this and the faid recited Act, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the major Part in Value (Tuch Value to be afcertained according to the Land Tax AfTeffment for that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors 6f Land and Hereditaments within the faid Several and re-ipedive ParifheS and Places entitled to any Right of Common in, over or upon th.e faid Commonable Lands and Grounds (other than and* except the faid Lord Bifhop of W‘mchtjlery and the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their SucoefTors and Perfohs commonly called Purlieu Owners, to whom other Powers of Nomination are hereinbefore given, and their refpedive Heirs, Succeffors and Af-figns) who fhsfll be prefent in Perfon, or by theic refpedive Agents or Proxies duly authorise! for fuch Purpofe, at a Meeting to be balden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice by Advertifemerit (hall be given by any Five or more of fuch Owners and Proprietors in the Sa/i/bury, Portfmoutb and IVinchcfier Newf-papers, if then publilhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpapers circulated in the fard County of Southampton, fhall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the . Hands of the major Part in Value of them the faid Owners and^Proprietor* and Agents ot Proxies aforefaid, a proper Perfon or Perfons ^not jnterdled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commif-honer in the Room or Stead of the faid George Barnes, or of fuch other Perfon to be nominated and appointed in the Room or Stead of him fo dying, or refuting to ad or becoming incapable of ading as* aforefaid, and fo from time to time as often as any fuch Cafe or Cafes (hall happen; and every. Cornmilfioner.fo to be nominated and . appointed (hall, after taking and fubferibing the* Oath preferibed in . that behalf, have the like Power and Authority, for carrying the {aid recited Ad and-this Ad into Execution, and (hall be fubied and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridions as if he had been originally nominated a Cornmilfioner in and by this Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be* it enaded, That if the faid Lord If Purlieu Bifhop o£ Winrhrjler> and the faid .Warden arid Scholars Clerks for Owner*, &c. the time -being, or the faid Perfons commonly called Purlieu Own- ne^le&toap-erey or the faid Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, either or P1!1"1 “*w any of them refpedively, lhaH make Default in nominating and ap- JJ“e preCbribeKl* ^ pointing any new’Cornmilfioner, fo direded to be nominated and ap- time, thea£u»£ pointed by him and them refpedively as aforefaid, within the refpec- Gwumiflioner* to live times for that Purpofe limited and in manner aforefaid, then, make fuch Ap. and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fur- Pomtaieut* viving or remaining Commiffioners or Cornmilfioner, and they and he are and is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under their Hands or hi? Hand, within One Month next after the Expiration of fuch refpedive Times fo allowed for nominating and appointing fuch new and fucceeding Commifiloner* as aforefaid, to nominate and

appoint

Digitized by Google

544

C. ccxYiii.

Commifflonm n#*g!e£Hn^ to attend Meetings co»fj(lrrf»tl as .a Kciu&l lo a<ft.

A Stirepy^ror

Surveyor* to he appointed.

50° GEO. III.	A.D.i8io,

appoint a proper Perfon (not intenefted in the faid Dinfion and In-clofure) to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of every fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refuting or becoming incapable to ad as afore-faid ; and every Commiflioner io nominated and appointed (hall, after taking and ftibfcribing the Oath preferibed in that behalf, have the. like Power and Authority for carrying the faid recited A & and this Ad into Execution, and (hall be fubjed. and liable to the like Rules; Regulations and Reltridions, as if he had been originally nominated * a Commiflioner in-and by this Ad.

IV.	Provid-.d alfo, and be it enabled, That if arty of the laid Commiflioners hereby nominated, (hall refufe or negle'd to attend at the firft Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying, this Adjnto / Execution, and duly qnalify himfelf by taking and fubftrlbing-the Oath preferibed in that Behalf,'or if any of the faid Commiflioners fhall at any time after the. faid firft Meeting wilfully abfent himfetf from any Three following fucceflive Meetings appointed to-be holden by virtue of this -Aft, Or having been abfent from Two fucceflive Meetings* (hall not attend during the whole of the Third or next fucceeding Meeting, fuch Meetings being known. tQ him, either by his being prefept at the Appointment thejeof*or'’Notice thereof .irt Writing having been given'to him or lefV,at-bis laft or ufual Place of-Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners,; and ‘fueh Commiflioner not having been prevented by Sicknefs of other reafoft-able .Caufe, to be allowed by the other-.Commifliorters, from attending qr continuing at/fpeh Meetings; or.if any CommTlJoiier. to be nominated and appointed fir m^nner.by this Ad direded (ball not attend and qualify hitrtfelf to ad as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this A it, at the Firft Meeting of the'faid Comm ifiiojifcrs after his Nomination or Appointfnent, 6r (hall thereafter;wilfully abfeut bim-felf from Three following fucceflive Meetings to' be' holden by virtue of this Ad, or having been/ abfent from Two fucceflive; Meetings fhall-n6t attend durjng the Whole pf tbeThird or next fucceeding Meeting, fuch -Meetings being known tp lum, either by his beidg prefent at the Appointment; thereof or Notice thereof in Writing having been-given to him, , or left at his laft qr ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk, of Clerks. to the faid Commiflioners, anditich Commiflioner not being prevented by Sickoefs oc other teafonable Caufe, to be allowed by the other Commiflioner^, fronv attending or continuing at fuch Meetings ;th£n apd in every of.fuch Cafes fuch Abfence or Non-attendance (hall be deemed and taken to be a Re-fufal .to. ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

V.	And be it furtherenaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to arid for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, as-foon as conveniently may be after the pafling of this Ad, by Writing under their. Hands and.Seals, to nominate and appoint fomc fit and proper Perfon or Perfons (not interefied in the fail intended Divifiori ard Inclofute) to be a Surveyor Or Surveyors for the Purpofe of viewing, furveying and'meafuring the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorised and direded, as foon as conveniently may be after luch Nomination and Appointment, to view, furvey and meafure the Buildings and Encroachments whatfoever made in and upon the fame, and to deferibe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, whereon or in a Book of Reference to be

annexed

Digitized by Google

AJ).i8io*

C. CCXYliL

J4S

$o* GEO. Ill

annexed thereto (hall be fet forth the Number of Acres and Decimar

Pans of an Acre of the faid Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands

and Grounds, and the federal Buildings and Encroachments made

thereon, and of what fuch Encroachments refpeftivcjy confift, and

the Names of the feveral Perfons holding and enjoying the fame ;

and that when and fo foon as the (aid Surveyor or Surveyors (hall. Survey to be de-

have finished and completed the faid Survey, Map or Plan, he or they Jj."erpJ.1® *he

(hall by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands ap- certified oa

prize the (aid Commiifioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place o^.

for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice

at the lead (hall be given unto each of the faid Commiffioners, at

which Meeting the faid Surveyor or Surveyors (hall deliver unto the

faid Commiifioners prefent at luch Meeting his or their Survey and

Plan and Book of Reference, and (hall fubfcribe the fame with his

or their Name or Names in the Prefence of the faid Commiifioners,

who (haH atteft the fame ; and the faid Surveyors (hall lake and fub-

icribe the following Oath ; that is to lay,

*	J A. B. do fwear, That by virtue and in purfuance of an Aft of Oath.

Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King

*	George the Third, intituled, 44 An AQfor difafforefling the Forejl 4 of South otherwife Eafl Bere otherwife Bier, in the County of Soutn-

*	ampton; and for inclofng the Open Commonable Landi within the 4 feud ForejlI have taken a true and exaft Admeafurement and 4 Survey of Part of the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds 4 direfted by the faid Aft to be inclofed, and of all the Buildings 4 and Encroachments whatfoever made in and upon the fame, to 4 the beft of my Judgment and Ability; and that the Survey, Map 4 or Plan, and Book of Reference, whereunto I have now fet my 4 Hand, are and do contain a juft and true Defcription, Survey and 4 Admeafurement and Account of fuch Part of the faid Open Com-4 monable Lands and Grounds, and of all the BuilJmgs and En-4 croachment8 in and upon the fame, with the Names of the feveral 4 Perfons holding and enjoying the fame refpeftively, and that the 4 fame were made and taken by me according to the beft of my 4 Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true Intent and 4 Meaning of the faid Aft, without Favour, Affeftion or Partiality,

4 to any Perfon or Perfons: And I do further fwear, that I will 4 faithfully, impartially and honeftly, according to the beft of my 4 Skill and Judgment, execute the feveral other Trails repofed in 4 me as a Surveyor by virtue of the faid Aft, without Favour or 4 Affeftion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Perfons whom-4 foever.	So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of the faid Commiffioners to admioifter; and the faid Oath when fo taken (hall be written on Parchment, and fubferibed by the faid Surveyor and duly attefted by the faid Commiifioners under their Hands, and (hall be inrolled with the Award to be made by the faid Com* miffioners.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That in cafe the faid For eleftingnew Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid or either of them, or any Sweyor* in tt£i other Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as hereinafter men-tioned, (hall die or refufe or negleft to aft or become incapable of efting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, then,

-50 Geo. III.	Nn	and.

C.ccrviiL

A*D.l8lO*

54*

50* GEO. in.

and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for die bid Commiflioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals* to nonti« nate and appoint fome other tit and proper Perfon (not interefted in die faid Divifipn and Inclofure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor fo dying* refufing or negfe&ing to ad or becoming incapable of a&ing in the Execution of the find recited Ad and this Ad $ and every Surveyor fo nominated and appointed (hall have the like Powers and Authorities* and (hall be fulled and liable to the like Rules* Regulations and Reftridions as it he had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Ad* SaTveyortomakt VII* And be it further enaded, That as foon as conveniently-may be the feid Surveyor (hall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan as well of all Meffuages* Cottages and Sckes thereof as of all Lands and Grounds in whatfoever Manor* Pari(h* To wo (hip, Hamlet or Place the fame are fit ante, in refped whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the fame refpedively are entitled to a Right of Commonage upon the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be indofed by virtue of this Ad or any Part thereof (fave and except fuch Lands and Grounds as have teen already furveyed and are hereafter direded not to be again furveyed or planned) and (hall enquire and find out and in and by the Survey and Plan thereof, and in a Book of Reference to the lame, fet forth a minute and exad Account of all and lingular the Premifes fo furveyed* und the Quantity and Contents of each feveral Field, Inclofure, and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof* refpedively, thereby dilUnguiming fuch of the ^ Premifes as are of Freehold Tenure from fuch as are of Copyhold or Cuftomary or Leafehold Tenures* and of what particular Manors or Loidfhips or Perfons the faid Copyhold or Cuftomary or Leasehold Tenements are feveraily and refpe&ively holden*

Proprietors pro- VIII. And be it further ena&ed* That it (hall and may be law-ducing approved	ful for any Perfon or Perfons having in bis, her or their Cuftody or

Surveys, &c.	PofTeffion any a&ual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any of the Lands

tol*	called Purlieus, or of any of the Lands or Grounds in refped whereof

foe.them.	the Owners or Occupiers of the lame are entitled to Rights of Com-

mon, to produce and deliver fuch Surveys, Maps and Plans to the faid Commiflioners at fuch time or times as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe ; and the faid Commiflioners thereupon (hall enquire on the Oath as well of the Perfon or Perfons producing and delivering fuch Surveys, Maps and Plans refpedively as of fuch other Perfop or Perfons as they (hall think fit* (which Uath the laid Comnuflionera are hereby authorized to adminifter) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of fuch Survey* Map and Plan; and in ail Cafes where the faid Commiffioaers (hall be finished that fitch Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made* and will anfwer the Purpofe of a new Survey (hut not otherwife) they the faid Commifibncrs (hall deliver the feme over to the laid Surveyors, with Dire&ieas to infect and copy the fame into the Sui> veys of the Lands called Pur!icust or of the Lands the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled td asy Right of Common* ieftead of making a new Admeafiivecnent and Plan of the Lands and Grounds fo oomprifed and delicribed ia the Maps aad Plans afbrefeid j and that the laid Commifioners (hall dUbw* pay and fatisfy for fuch approved Surveys, to the Peifoa or Perfouto whom the feme (hall be*

>»*»

\

Digitized by LjOOQle

Jk.D.i8i6.	50°	GEO.	HI.	•£.ccrviil.

long', fuch Soon and Sntn* of Money as the faid Commiflioners fltaH think proper, out of the Monies to be raifed by them for the Pur-poles of this Ad*

IX.	And be it further enaded, That out of the Money which frail be raifed for defraying the Expences of obtaining, paffing and executing this Ad, the laid Commiffioners and Clerks to the faid Commiffioners who (hall ad in the Execution of the Trufts and Powers of this Ad, (hall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, for each Day he or they (haU be attending in and about the Execution thereof, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necefla'iy for that Purpofe, the fame to include and be in Satisfa&ion of all Cofts and Expences in travelling and otherwifc, which he or they (hall be put to in executing the fame ; and that the Surveyors (hall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Commiffioners (hall think juft and reasonable ; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent who (hall attend the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this or the faid reeited Ad, (hall pay his own Expences at all fuch Meetings ; and in fuch Cafes as the Obje&ion or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Ad, Matter or Thing to be done or propofed to be dooe in purfuance of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, is directed to be made and teftified at any Meeting or Meetings, it (hall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend fuch Meeting or Meetings by their refpedive Agents or Proxies, whofe Ads or Votes (hall be as efledaai ns if fuch Proprietors were prefent in Perfon.

X.	And be it further entded. That the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners for putting this Ad into Execution (hall be held at the Houfe known by the Sign of the Golden Lyon at Southwick aforefaid, on the Second Day of July next, or as foon after as Cir-cumftances will admit t and that the faid Commiffioners (hall caufe Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the feveral Churches or Chapels of Sober ton, Hamble dor*, Catktrington, Blendworthy Bedhambton, Kingfion, PortifTaie otherwifc Portfea, Far ling ton, Wymering, Wydiey, South wick, Wtfi Burhunt, Portchejler, Witor and Wickham, and alfo a like Notice by Advertife->aest to be inferted in the Sa&Jbury, Portfmouth and Wm.chefter Jour* uals, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaperl tofumlly circulated in the faid County, of the Time and Place of their firft and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the faid recited Ad vefted in them. Eight Days at leaft before the timet appointed for fuch refpedive Meetings; and in cafe only One of the laid Commiffioners (hail at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting or to which any Meeting (hall be adjourned, it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiffioner, mid to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners, in cafe none of the faid Commiffioners (hall attend, to adjourn the faid Meeting to be holden on any future Day, Dot exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or fome other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the faid Foreft, and the Commiffioners or Clerk or Clerks making fnch Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof Co the abfent Commiffioners.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That all other Puhlick Notices jmquifite or neoeflary to bo given by the faid Commiffioners (hall be

N n 2	given

§4?

Compenfation for lominiifiohers, Clrrks, and Suiw vejon.

Meetings and Notices thereof.

Other Notices how to he given*

54*

C. ccxviii.

$t>° GEO. in.

A.D. 18 id.

For fhortening

Boundary

Fences.

Haims ofRights to be produced.

Power for Com-miffioners to fettle Difputea.

Coomifiionm not to determine Tide to EfUtet.

Power to aflefs Cofb relative to

given by Advertifement to be inferted in the faid S*JiJbury% Port/* mouth and IVlneheJier Joumalj% if then publilhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpapera ufually circulated in the faid County of South-ampton.

All. And be it further enaded, That if the faid Commiflioners (hall deem it expedient or proper to fhorten the Boundary Fence* between the Lands and Grounds by this A& dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, in the faid refpe&ive Parifhes, Town (hips, Hamlets or Places, and any Parifh or Parifhes adjoining thereto, or to make the fame Boundary Fences regular, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners (with the Con Cent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is fituate, and of the Owner or Owners of the faid Land upon which any Fence or Fences (hall or may be intended to be made) to fet out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this A& directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, and any ad* joining Parilh or Parifhes, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and after fuch Boundary or Boundaries (hall be fo let out as aforefaid, the fame (hall be fenced by fuch Per-fon or Perfons in fuch manner and at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners in and by their Award (hall order and dired, and the fame (ball for ever thereafter as between fuch Lord or Lords of Manors and Owner or Owners of Lands, be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the faid refpe&ive Parifhes, Town (hips, Hamlets or Places, and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parifhes j any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That all Perfons having or claiming any Eftate or Intereft in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, (hall by themfelves or their Agents deliver their refpe&iye Claims in Writing to the faid Commiflioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Pur-pofe, in manner directed by the faid recited A& of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice in Writing under the Hands of the faid Commif-fioners, ex prefling the Purpofe of fuch Meeting, (hall be given in the Manner hereinbefore dire&ed.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute or Difference (hall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Diviflon and Indofure, touching or concerning the refpe&ive Rights and Interefts which they or any of them (hall have or claim to have in the feme, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Division and , Incloiure, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the fame refpe&ively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall authorize the laid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever, but they (hall aflign and fet out the Several Allotments dire&ed to be made unto the Perfon or Perfons having the a&ual Seifin or Pofleflion of the Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or refpedt whereof fuch Allotment (hall be made.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Commif-

fioners

Digitized by Google

C. ccxviii.

A.D.j8io;	50°	GEO.	IH.

; *

fioncrs fhaH, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Hifputea Ckim» Claims, Objection or Objc&ions to be delivered to them in purfuance Objc&ions. Of this or of the faid recited A&, fee caufe to award any Coils, then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com* miflioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs and award fuch Coils and Charges as tliey (hall think reafonable, to be paid either to the pub* tick Account for or towards the Expence occafioned in or relating to the invpfligating, fettling and determining of (uch Claim or Claims if finally difallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Comir.iflioners (hall be made, by the Pcr-fon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Cbje&ions (ball be thereby difallowed or over-ruled 5 and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who (hall be liable to pay fuch Cods and Charges, (hall negle& or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands dire&ed to any Perfon whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cods and Charges to be levied by Dif-trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo negle&ing or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo dif-crained and fold, after dedu&iug the Cods and Charges attending fuch Didrefs and Sale.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Per- Parties may try fons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, intereded or d»cir *>y claiming to be intereded in the faid intended Divifion and Allot- ** ments, (hall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Com-mifiioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims 6f the Right to the Soil of the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Intereds whatfoever, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate io diflatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faia Commiffioners at the then next Affixes, or at the Affixes following the next to be holden for the (aid County of South* rnmpton; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who (hall be fo diflatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioners, (hall caufe an A&ion to be brought upon a feigned Ifiue agaiufl the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination (hall have been made, or againft the (aid Commiffioners, if the Subie& of their Determination (hall be of fuch a Nature as will affe& the Perfons in general intereded in the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination or Order of the faid Commiffioners (hall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A&ion or A&ions (hall and he, (he or they is and are hereby re- . quired to name 'in Attorney or Attomies, who (hall appear thereto,

V file Common Bail, and accept One or mure Ifiue or ifrues whereby

No 3	fuch

'm

Or Detenu! na-

tt jn of Commif-iioners to be final.

In cafe of Death

of Parties before A&ions brought, th#* lame to be carried on and dr-fended La their

Names.

Perfons in Pof-tefTion not to be moleiked without due Giurfe of Uw.

C. eexvin.	jo*	GEO.	III.	A~Dt.it

fuch Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby infilled oft may be tried and determined, fuch Fflue or Iffuet to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the laid A&ion or A&ioas (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties (hall differ about the feme; and the Verdi& or Verdi&s which (bail be given in foch A&ion or Actions (Iiall be binding, final and conckifive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefe the Court wherein fuch A&ion or A&tou* (halt be brought fhail fet afide fuch Vcrdi& or Verdicts, and order a near Trial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do as is ufual in other Cafes ; and after fuch Verdi A or Verdi&s (hall be obtained, aad not fet afide by the Court, the feid Conmuffioners (hall, and they are hereby required to a& in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials in which the feid Commiffionera (hall be Defendants; the Gofts and Charges payable by the faid Commiffionera in fuch A&ion or A&iont (hall be paid and difcbarged out of the Monies to be raifed by them for the Purpofes of this A&.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it esa&ed, That the Determination of the faid Commiffionera touching fuch Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the feid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or InterdU in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, fhail, (in cafe fuch Determination (hall not be fo obje&ed to, or being obje&ed to, fuch Ao tion or A&ions at Law (hall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpofe mentioned) be final and conclulive upon all and everv Perfon and Perfons,. Body and Bo-dies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefeid (hall have been made, and againlt whom any A&ion or A&ions might have been brought if living, (hall die before any fuch A&ion or A&ions (hall have been brought aud before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing fuch A&ion or A&iona, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought fuch A&ioo or Actions again ft the Perfon or Perfons fb dying, to bring the feme within the time fo limited a9 aforefeid, againff fuch Perfon or Per* fons as if a&ually living, and to ferve the Clerk or Clerks to the feid Commiffionera with Procefs for commencing fuch A&ion nr A&ions, in the fame manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it (hall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefek^ to appear and defend fuch A&ion or A&ions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (hall be had therein in the fame manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been a&ually living; and tbe Rights of all Parties (ball be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fiich A&ion or A&ions.

XIX.	Provided aUb, and be k further ena&ed, That nothing in this A& contained (hall extend to amble tbe feid Coomiffioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Poffcffion

of

Digitized by

Google

ADaSio.

jo* GEO. HI.

C. ccxyuL

5 Si

of any of fuch Parties (except in Cafes of Encroachment) $ hut ia cafe the faid Commiffioners mail be of Opinion agaiuft the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofleffion* they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofleffion (hall have been given up by or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejeftment or otbnr due Courfe of Law.

XX.	Provided always* and be it enafted* That no fuch Differ* TrUh net to enoe* Difpute or Proceeding* touching the Title to any Lands* Tene* ^fPew! d* ments or Hereditaments* dull impede or delay the faid Commiffioners T^tio" in the Execution of this Ad* but the Divifion or Inclofure hereby ^ A^m direded to be made* (hall be proceeded ia notwithftandiog any fuch Difference* Suit or Proceeding} and the bud*Commiffioners (hall*

by proper Marks and Bounds* (et out the Lands and Grounds which mall be allotted in lieu of fuch litigated Property* fo that the fame may be difUnguifhed from any other Lands and Grounds* and may be had and taken by the Perfon or Perfons* Body or Bodies Pontick* Corporate or Collegiate* who upon the Determination of fuch Difference or Suit (hall be entitled to the fame.

XXI.	Provided neverthelefs* and be it enafted* That nothing Commiffioners herein contained (hall extend to preclude the faid Commiffioners from may adjudge adjudging and determining the Quantity and Value of the Land* in Ql»nuy *nd virtue whereof any Perfon or Perfons (hall be allowed to have a

Right of Common upon the bud Open and Commonable Lands and c£nt Manages Grounds hereby direded to be divided* allotted or indofed* or any confidrred of Part thereof* but the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby equal Valu*. authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and* every fuch Lands refpedively* and rate and eftimate the fame at to them (hall feetn juft and reaibnable* according to the real Value thereof for the Purposes of Hufbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value anting from local, temporary or other peculiar Advantages; and fuch their Judgment and Determination mall be biodiag and condutise upon all Parties whotnfoever: Provided alfo* that nothing herein contained (hall extend to authorize the fold Commifliooers or any of them to coaider any ancient Meffuage or Building, or Scite thereof* in refpeft of which any Right of Common (hill be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Meffuage or Building* or Scite thereof* but the faid Commiffioners (hall rate and eftimate all ancient Meffuages and Buildings and Scites thereof at an equal Value one with another* and at fuch Value as they (hall think moft expedient.

XXII.	And be it further enafted* That if any Perfon or Perfons* Trial of Ptrochiat

Body or Bodies Politick* Corporate or Collegiate, (hall confider him- Boundaries by fell*, herfelf or themfelves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determi- 10 Iffb* hair nation of the faid Comnuflkmers* refpeftmg the Limits or Boundaries	Appnl

of any Parifti* Manor, Town (hip, Hamlet* Diftrift or Place upon

the faid Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided* allotted and indofed* or of any Pariih* Manor* Town-(kip, Hamlet* Diftrift or Place adjoining thereto, as the fame (hall be fet out and ascertained by the faid Commiffioners* purfuant to the find recited Aft of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefab Majefty* and (haU by Writing under their* his or her Hands or Hand give Notice to the faid Commiffioners* within One Ca-lendar Month next after fuch Determination, of his, her or their Defire to have the fame determined by an Iflue at Law* inftcad of

N n 4	an

AfD.tSi(u

55a	C.	ccxYiiu	50°	GEO.	III.

an Appeal to*the Qnarter-Sefiibns, under the Provifion of the laft recited A£t, then, and in fuch Cafe, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo difiatisfied with fuch Determination, to hare the fame af-certained by Trial of an I flue at Law under the Provifion* of this A£k in cafe of any difputed Right or Claim.

Taking Turf. XXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfon* fhall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bufhes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be inclofed by virtue of this Ad, for any Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatfoever (other than and except the faid Perfons called Purlieu Owners* or Owners of Soil refpe&ively, for the Purpofe of digging or fearching for, and carrying away any Gravel or Stone for the Repair of Roads) then, and in every fuch Cafe, on due Proof made before the (aid Commifiioners on Oath, which Oath the faid Commiffionerb are hereby empowered to adminifter, the faid Commifiioners (hall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, dire&ed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe any Sum or Tensity.	Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dif-

ftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending ih the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Perfon or Perfons whole Goods and Chattels fhall be fo diftrained and fold, after deducing the Coils and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale} and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid fhall be applied towards the Payment of the Cods, Charge* and Expences of obtaining and executingthis Ad.

Perfons who have XXIV. And be it further enatted, That if any Perfon or Per-enjoyeti Com-	fons, being Owner or Owners of any Mefiuages, ancient Buildings

monage for	or Scites thereof, Lands or Tenements, in whatfoever Manor, Pa-

c^Ted'ered^*	rifh, Townfhip, Hamlet, Diftrid or Place the fame are fituate, the

have a Right	Owners or Occupier* whereof for the time being, have for Twenty

of Common.	Years laft pad had and a&ually enjoyed any Right or Rights of

Common, upon the faid Open and Commonable Lands and Ground* to be divided, allotted and inclofed, by virtue of this Ad, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedively, for or in refped of fuch Mefiuages, ancient Buildings, Scites, Lands or Tenements refpedively, (lave and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) (hall be deemed and taken to have in refped of fuch their Eftates, a Right of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or the Part or Parts thereof to which fuch Ufage fhall have extended, without (hewing any other Title than fuch U(age, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the fame refpedively, in the fame Proportion as other Perfons entitled to Common thereon refpedively fhall be entitled unto, regard being had to the particular yearly Value of their refpedive Eftates, in refped whereof they have enjoyed or are entitled to fuch Right «f Common: Provided never-thelcfs, that the Provifion laft hereinbefore contained fhall not any wife affed any Parifhes, Hamlets, Places or Perfons having or claiming Right of Common on the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof refpedively, other than fuch as fhall claim under fuch Provifion, if they fhall be able to fupport fuch Claim independent of fuch Enjoyment, in cafe the fame fhall happen to be objeded to or contefted,

XXV. And

Digitized by i^ooQle

A.D.i8id

C. ccxvlii.

50° GEO. lit

553

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Intakes or Encroach* Encroachments ments made on the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, (ex- w tealloubJe. cept His Majefty’s faid Land} within the refpe&ive Manors or Places

in which the fame are fituate, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now lad paft, and for which no Licence,

Cenfent or Grant (hall have been obtained from the Lord or Lords of fuch refpe&ive Manors, or Perfons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, (hall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of tho Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclofed by virtue of this A6k* as if the fame were a&ually lying open and uninclofed.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiifioners powrr to turn lhall and may turn or abate and flop up, or caufe or order to be and ftop Koad* turned or abated and ftopt up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way,

Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the faid Old Inclofunes within the faid Parilhes, Townfhips, Hamlets or Places, where they (hall judge it requifite or expedient, giving fuch Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Obje&ions as in the laid recited A & of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, is directed and required in the Cafe of fetting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and obferving the Dire&ions of the faid recited A& as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Juftices of the Peace previous thereto, and fubje& to an Appeal to the Quarter-Seffions as in the faid recited A& is mentioned.

XXVIL And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commillioners Allotments for lhall and they are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be Repair* of Road* after fetting out public* Roads and Highways as by the faid recited A& of the Forty firft. Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty is dire&ed, to fet out and allot unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of .the feveral Parifhes, Town (hips, Hamlets or Places within which the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed refpe&ively lie, fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the faid Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclofed, and in fuch Places as the faid Commillioners lhall think proper, (other than and except Hi9 Majefty*s faid Lands and the faid Six hundred Acres hereinafter dire&ed to be veiled in and awarded to the King’s Majefty, and to the faid Tbomai Thijllcthwaytc in Compensation of his Rights as Warden of the faid Foreft) for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs from time to time for ever of the

?ublick and private Roads and Highways within fuch refpe&ive ‘arises, Townfhips, Hamlets and Diftri&s; and the Grafs and Herbage arifmg therefrom lhall be vetted in fuch Perfons as the faid Commillioners {hall allot the fame unto.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall and may be Commiffionen lawful to and for the faid Commiifioners and they are hereby em- empowrmi to powered to dire&, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs turn Waier-and Watercourfes, within the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to ,ourfca-be divided, allotted and inclofed to be carried and conveyed in fuch Courfes and through fuch of the faid Lands and Grounds fo hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, as they in their Discretion (hall think tfecefiary and proper for the Purpofe* aforefaid: Pro-aided always, that no fuch Streams of Water, Springs or Water-goiirfes, lhall be diverted or turned without the Confent of the Per-

3	fon

Digitized by Google

L»r*1 to be ibid for Payment of Expences.

Surplus produced by Sales divided between Proprietors in Fee according to their Tntercfts.

C. ccrriii.	50* GEO. III.	AJD.itia

(m or Pcrfons from sod into whofe Land* the bme Kill be carried

or conveyed.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Comniffionecw /hall mark and fet out fuch Part and Parti of the (aid Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be dt~ trided, allotted and inclofed (other than and except His Majefty*s kid Lands, aod the laid Six hundred Acres (o hereinafter ve wed in and awarded to the King'* Majefty, and to the faid Thomas ThtJHsihaparta in Compenfation of bis Rights as Warden of the faid Foreft as afore-faid) as by the Sale thereof, will, in the Judgment of the faid Cona-sniffioners, raife a fufficieat Sum of Money, to defray and difebarge all the Cofts, Charges and Ex peaces incident to and attending the obtaining and palfitig of this Ad, and of preparing and tnralliitg the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners, and of furveying* admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and allotting the Lands sod Grounds to be divided, fenced, allotted and mdofed, by virtue of this Ad. and of furveying, admeafuring and planning fad1 other Lands as fhall by virtue of this Ad be furveyed, vneafured mad planned, and all the Charges of the faid Commiffioners, their AJ-feFors, Clerks, Affiftants and Servants, and all the other neceftary Expences of the feveral Perfont to be employed by the faid CommiU (ioners in and about the fame, and all the Expences of formings completing and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and High* ways, to be fet out by the faid Commiffioners as afo refold, and aO Other Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, as foon after the palling of this Ad as they /hall think proper, and fo from time to time aa often as they fhaH think neceflary, to fell by publick Sale by Auction, in the manner and fubjed to the Directions and Regulations mentioned and preferibed in. and by the faid recited Ad unto any Ferfon or Pferfons, fucb Part or Parts of the laid Opes Common* able Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted and inclofed, as they (hall mark and fet out and deem fufficieat fee the Purposes a fore fa id, amPthe Purchafe Mosey of the faid Lands fo to be fold as aforefaid (hall be paid into the Hands of the (aid Com* mtlftoners, and the Rcoeipt or Receipts of the (aid Commiffioners for fuch Purchafe Money, (hall he a fufficsent DHcharge to the Pur* chafer or Purchasers for the fame; and immediately after fuch Receipt or Receipts fhall be given to fuch Purchafer or Furchafev* the Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land (o pnrohafed bj him, her or them, (hall by virtue of this Ad become vetted in built her or them, and his, twr and their rvfoedive Heirs and Aftns, in abfolute Fee Simple, and fhall be inclofed and held in Severalty, by the Pur. chafer or Purchafers thereof refpedivelv as his, her or their private and abfolute Property, and fhall be allotted accordingly by the (aid Commiffioners, and the kid Purchafe Money kail be app&d in defraying fuch Charges and Expenses as aforckid.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe fuch Part or Parte of the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be fold as hereinbefore mentioned, fhall be fold for more Money than wiQ be required to defray fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, then, and in fuch Cafe, fuck Surplus Mooey (ball ho divided and apportioned, between the Several Purlieu Owner* and

other

Digitized by CjOoq le

JLD.iSid.

C. ecxviil.

sss

5o° GEO. m.

other Perfons interefted in the Lands and Grounds hereby dimmed to be divided, allotted and incloied, (except the Surveyors of th$

Highways, in refpeft of their Allotments as Surveyors as afbrefaid) in fuch Shares as (hall be in proportion to fuch their refpeftive Property, Rights and Interefts $ and the refpeftive Shares of fuch of them as (hall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their refpeftive Allot* mats (hall be paid to them vefpeftively; and the Shares of fech Other Proprietors or Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money (hall be

rlied ana difpofad of in maimer directed by the (aid recited Aft of Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in cafe any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame.

Ufes.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That if any PerfonVr Perfons Money sdranre* (hall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Ex- ** wi|h pcnces of obtaining and paffing this Aft, or of carrying the feme I,ltcrdl*

Into Execution, every fu<A* Penba (hall be repaid the lame, with In-tereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* out of the Firft Monies that (hall be raffed or received by the faid Comtnif-fioners by virtue of this Aft for defraying Inch Expences.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That m cafe any* of Perfoni drGrous the Perfons interefted in the faid intended Divifioa and Indoiunr, p*y'*»sin (hall ho de&rous of having the whole of their refpeftive Shares and ' #aw?P* Allotments of the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, fet out and al« Sale, lotted to them without any Abatement for or in refpeft of the Sales hereinbefore direfted for the Purpofes afbrefaid, and (hall by them-fchres or Agents fignify the fame in Writing to the faid dommif-fioners at the time of delivering in their refpeftive Claims as herttn-befoy direfted, or within fuch time afterwards as (hall be limited and prescribed by the (aid Commiffioners, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the feid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and reauired to fet out and allot to fuch Perfons refpeftively, all fuch Shares and Proportions of the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds as they would have been feverany^entitkd to under and by virtue of this Aft, in cafe no Provifion had been hereby made for Sale of any Part of the feme Lands or Grounds, and without any Deduftion or Abatement whatfoever on that Account, and to adjuft and fettle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by fuch feveral Perfons, their Heirs or Aingns, for or in refpea of their feveral and refpeftive proportionable Charges and Expences of Carrying this Aft into Execution; the feme to be paid and recovered in fuch and the fame manner and under fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities as hereinafter provided in refpeft to any Deficiency in the Monica to arife by Sale aa afore laid: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained (hall give to the faid Commilfionera any Power to charge fuch Perfons interefted as aforefeid, with any Part of the Expences attending or occafioned by the Saks hereinbefore direfted.

XXXIII.	And be k further enafted. That in cafe the Monies to Surplus Ex-be raided by fetch Sale as aforefeid (hall not be fufficient to pay and peiu-es of Aa defray aU the Cods, Chams and Expences as aforefeid, then the *° **

Deficiency bJ «“*•

Digitized by

Google

C. QCXvHj,

AD.ifiii

55*

5b0 GEO. III.

Deficiency (hall be borne and paid by the fevefal Perfons commonly called Purlieu Owners, or Perfong interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, (except the Lord Bifhop of Wtncheftcr and the faid Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Sa;nt Mary College of W'tnchejler near Winchejler* and their refpe&ive Succeflors, and alfo except the Surveyors of Highways in refpeA of the Allotment* hereby directed to be made to them as Surveyors) in fuch Parts* Shares and Proportions, and (hall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons* and at fuch times and manner as the faid Commiflioners (ball in ?nd by their faid Award, or by any other Writing or Writings* under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their faid Award, order, dired and appoint, according to the Value of their refpe&ive Allotments in the faid Open Commonable Lands or Grounds; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized and required from time to time and as often as they (hall deem it neceflary * and proper, either before or after the Execution of their faid Award* to raife the Amount of fuch Deficiency, by a Rate or Rates accord-- fogty * ^d in cafe any fuch Perfons called Purlieu Owner or Owners, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negled to pay his, her or their Share, Part or Proportion of fuch Coils, Charges and Expences, according to fuch Order, Di» redlion aud Appointment as aforefaid, then, and in fuch Cafe* the fame (hall and may be levied and recovered iB manner directed the faid recited Act

Allotment* to XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the

ike King. pafling of this Ad there (hall be veiled in His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, as his and their own proper Demefne Lands and Eftates, all and Angular the faid Lands hereinbefore mentioned to be His Majefty’* Demefne Lands, confiding of Three Parcels of Land fituate and being in the Eaft Walk, and Weft Walk aforefaid, and containing in the whole Nine hundred and twenty nine Acres, and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, and now diftingui(hed from the other or remaining Lands, and alfo fo much and fuch Part and T*arts of the faid Open and Compionable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore deferibed, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres, and mentioned to be ftipulated between the Right Honourable the Lords Com-mifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury and the faid Thomas TbiftU-thwayte and the faid feveral Perfong, called Purlieu Owners, as the Conlideration to His Majefty and to th$ (aid Warden for dilaf-forefting the faid Forcft and Lofs of Privilege and Patronage as aforefaid, as (hall be awarded to the Xing’s Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-ceflors, by John Vernon of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex* Efquire, Nathaniel Kent of Craig9* Court, in the City and Liberty of IVefaninJIcr, Gentleman, and Abrahqm Purfioufe Driver of the Kent Road, Land Surveyor, their Umpire or any Two of them the Perfons ele&ed and chofen to arbitrate between His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, and the faid Thomas Thfllethwayte* together with all and fingular Ere&ions, Buildings, Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood Handing and being thereon refpedively} and which faid Lands and Hereditaments (hall, from and after the paifing of this Ad, become and remain the exclufive and abfolute Property of the King’s Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, freed, exonerated and for ever diicharged of and from all Rights of Common, Paf» ture and Turban , Common of Eftovers* ana other Rights of what

Naturq

Digitized by C^ooQle

A,D.i8i6»

* $o° GEO. III.	C. ccxviiU	S57

Nature or Kind foever* of all and lingular the Petfons called Purlieu Owners* Freeholders* Copyholders, Leflees* Tenants and Inha* bitants of the faid feveral Panfhes* Townlhips, Hamlets or Places of Soberton, Hamble don, Catherington, Bluid<worth, Bedhamfion, King-Jion, Porlijfaie otherwife Port/ea, Farlirtgton, Wymering, Widley, South-wicb, Weft Bur hunt, Portchtjler, IVicor and Wickham, and every of them* their Heirs, Succeflora and Affigns, and (hall be made and kept by and under the Dire&ion and Care of His Majefty'g Surveyor General of Woods for the time being, under the Order	*

and Controul of the Lords of the Treafury, as Nurleries for Wood and Timber only* and for no other Ufe* Intent or Purpofe whatsoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enad^d, That the faid Commiflioners Commlflioncr* ti

(hall and they are hereby required to fet out fuch and fo many pri- ^	l®

vate Roads and Ways as (hall be neceffary for giving to His Majefty, Allouneni*^ * his Heirs* SuccefTors and Afligns, and nis Surveyor General of his

Woods, and the Deputy* Clerks and Servants of fuch Surveyor General* convenient Accefs to the fame Allotments and to his laid Lands.

XXXVI.	.And be it further ena&cd, That from and after the pa(f-	t0

ing of this Ad, there (hall be veiled in the faid Thomas Tbijlle-	“J. JT

tbwayte, his Heirs and Afligus (exclufive of any other Allotment pcllution oi hb* or Compenfation to be made to him by virtue of this Act as Owner Rights as War-of the Soil, or for Commonage in refped of any Mefliiages, Cot- deaoi the Fuieft, tages, Scites, Lands or Tenements in his Pofleffion or Occupation*

or his Tenants or Leflees) fo much and fuch Part or Parts being the Reft and Refidue of the faid Open and Commonable Lands ana Grounds hereinbefore deferibed, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres as aforefaid* and mentioned to be ftipulated between the faid Lords Commidioners of His Majefty’s Treafury and the faid Thomas Thiftletkwayte, and the faid feveral Perfons called Purlieu Owners, as fuch Confideration as aforefaid, in lieu of and as a Compensation to the faid Thomas Thtfilethwayte for his Lofs of Privilege and Patronage as fuch Warden of the faid Foreft upon difafForefting the fame* as (hall be awarded to the faid Thomas Thifilethwayte, hit Heirs or Afligns, by the faid John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhoufe Driver, or any Two of them ; and the fame (hall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the faid Thomas Thijlle• tbwayte, his Heirs and Afligns* freed, exempt and abfolutely dif-charged of and from all manner of Right of Common whatfoever.

XXXVII.	And be it further cna&ed, That the Award of the Award iurolled. (laid John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhoufe Driver*

be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue* there to remain on Record* and (hall afterwards be filed and preferred among ft the Muniments of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods and Forefts, fuch Award or the Inrolment thereof to be produced* read and received in Evidence on all Occa-dons where any Queftion, Doubt or Controverfy may arife, relating to or affe&ing the Rights and Interefts of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, or of the faid Thomas Thijllethwayte, his Heirs and Afligns* in refped of the Parts and Proportions of the faid Six hundred Acres of Open or Commonable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore mentioned and deferibed* and veited in them refpe&ively under and br virtue of this Ad.

XXXVIII.	And

Digitized by Google

5S«

Apportioning the I trveral Portion* to beat an equal Share in ihe King’* Allotment, and in Mr. Tluftlethwayte’s, f"r difaffurefting Foreft.

Lands to be appropriated building uf Qiajxrls.

C. ccxriii.	$o6 GEO. 1ft	A.D.i8i&

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena£fced, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners and they are hereby aotho* rized, empowered and directed to fever from the Lands called Pur* lieu* of each Perfon called Purlieu Owner, whofe Lands (hall not have contributed to the faid Six hundred Acres hereinbefore di*. reded to be awarded to the King** Maiefty and the faid Thomas Thijlkthwayte, as fuch Confideration as afore faid, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of his, her or their Land or Laods refpe&ively, or otherwife make fuch a Compensation as will be a proportionate Con* ^deration to and as much as fuch Perfon Purlieu Owner ought in the Judgment of the faid Commiffionert to bear and contribute to* wards making good unto the laid other Perfons called Purlieu Owners out of whofe Lands called Purlieus, fuch Six hundred Acres (hall be fo taken and made to the King’s Majefty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, and to the faid Thomas TbsfLthwayli, his Heirs and Affigns re* fpe&ively, aaafbrefaid; andthat ft (naff and Mg be lawful for the fad Commiifioners to fet out and allot the lame in like mmuser as if the fane Six hundred Acres had originally been taken in rmiil Shares from every Divifion of Land called Purlieu within the laid Foreft, in order to do equal Juftice to all the Owners of fuch Lands.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded. That as foon as conveniently may be after the Survey and Value of the faid Foreft (hall have been completed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Comraiffion* ers and they are hereby authorized and required to (eparate and fet apart fuch Pieces or Parcels of the Said Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted and tudofed, and in fuch Place or Places in the fame as they Audi think proper (other than and except His Majefty’s faid Lands and the Said Six hundred Acres fo dire&ed to be awarded to the King’s Majefty and the (aid Thomas Thifile• thwayte as afbrefaid) as (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commif* fioners, (Quantity, Quality and Situation confidered) be equal in Value to Ten Acres, at the Average Value of the fame Lands and Grounds, and to allot and award the faid Ten Acres unto and for the fad Lord Bifhop of Wmcheftety and the (aid Warden and Scholars Clerks for the time being, Thomas Tbifllcthwayte Efqutre, and Georgs Gamier Efquire, to Ire refpedivdy held and enjoyed by the refpeaive Perfons aforefad, and their Succefibrs and Heirs, as Freehold in Fee, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon and Perfons as may be duly appointed to Serve as Minifter or Minifters of any Chapel or Chapels which may hereafter be built, coniecrated and fet apart for the publick Worihip of Almighty God, according to the Laws Ecclefiaittcal of this Realm, within the faid Foreft, for the Ufe of fuch Perfon and Perfons as may from time to time inhabit Houles upon the faid Foreft $ and the Nomination and Appointment of the Minifter or Minifters to fuch Chapel or Chapels fhall be and is hereby vefted in the faid Lord Bifhop of Winch rRcr, and the fad Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Succefibrs for the time being, fuch No* mi nation and Appointment to be made by them alternately, the Firft Nomination and Appointment to be made by the faid Lord Bifhop of W'tnehefer, and his Succefibrs for the time being; and untfl a Chapel or Chapels (hall be fo built and confecrated, and a Minifter br Minifters thereof duly appointed and licenfcd by the faid Lord Bifhop, the Rents, IfTues and Profits of fuch Pieces or Parcels of

Land

Digitized by

Google

AJD.i8lo.

C- ccxvlll

50* GEO. III.

559

Land as aforefaid ft all be by the laid refpedive Trufteet thereof, placed out at Iotereft on Government Securities, and the Principal and littered Monies arifing or to arife from fuch Rents and Profits Dull accumulate and be applied towards difcharging the Expencet of building any Chapel or Chapels, and Houfe or Houfes which may hereafter be ereded and buik within the laid Foreft for the Refidence of the officiating Minider or Miniders of fuch Chapel or Chapels, and for the increafittg of the Stipend or Stipends of any Minider or Miniders who may be fo nominated and appointed to officiate in fuch Chapel or Chapels as aforc&id, or purchafing Lands for his or their Ufe as Glebe.

XL. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall Allotment* to and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to P"1*!11 Owner fet out and allot unto and for each and every Perfon called Pur- ^<^9jrtters lieu Owner (other than and except the King's Majedy, his Heirs and °

Succeflbrs) who (hall appear to be enthral to the Soil of any Part of the faid Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and incloted (exclufiveof any other Allotments or Compenfation to be made to him, her or them refpec-tivcly, by virtue of this A d for Commonage* in refped of any Mef-fuages, Cottages, Scitea, Lands or Tenements hi his, her or their refpedive PofTeffions or Occupations, or his, her or their refpedive Tenants or LeiTees) fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be indofed within his* her or their refpedive Portions of Soil as they the faid Commiffioners (hall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Third Part of the fame relpedively, prior to any Allotment being made thereout as afurefwd, in lieu of and as a full Compenfation lor all Right of Soil of fuch Perfon called Purlieu	(

Owner or Owners in or to the faid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and indofed, due Regard being had by the (aid Commiffioners to the Quantity, Quality and Situation of fuch Allotments; and fuch refpedive Third Parts (hall be for ever hdd and enjoyed in Severalty by the faid feveral and refpedive Per-fons or Purlieu Owners, and Owners of the Soil, and their refpedive Heirs and Affigns, freed, exempt and abfolutely difeharged of and from all manner of Rights of Common whatfoever.

XLI. And whereas the Six hundred Acres of Land.hereby vefted Allotments ia in His Majelty, being taken out of different Parishes, the Perfoos lieu of Tubes, entitled to the Tithes of fuch Pariftes may be injured thereby; Be it therefore enaded. That out of the laid Open and Commonable Lands hereby direded to be divided and hxloled. Allot menu ftall be made to the Perfons entitled to the Tithes of fuch Pariftes of fo much Land, and as ftall be, in the Judgment of the laid Connnif-fioners, a full Compenfation for fuch Injury.

XLII. And be it further enaded. That the laid Commiffioners Refold* allotted ftall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to let out and to Perfons en-mllot the Rendue of the laid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds 40 Com* relpedively to and amongft all and every the Perfons entitled to mocaSc* Ccnmonage in, over or upon the fame relpedively, or any Part or Pwts thereof refpedively (other than and except the King’s Majefcy, his Heirs and Succeflors) in proportion to the real Value of their firveral aod refpedive Meffuages or Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in refped whereof they are entitled to fuch Right of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be indofed in,-over or upon

which

V-

Digitized by L.ooQle

5$o

Riel* to Titlies n< *i to be prejudiced.

After Allotments made Ki^hts of ( ommoa to ceaie.

Rights of Common may be fufpended or ext iugui flied before the Execution of the Award.

Owner* of Common Rights may have their Allotment* laid to* gather.

C* ccxviiL	56c	GEO. lit	A.D.1810*

which their refpedive Rights of Common (hall attend, due Regard being had in fettling th# Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprifed therein; and (hall alto fet out and award every Perfon’s Allotment as near to hi» MefTuage or Mefluages, Cottages, Scites, Lands and Tenements in refped wheveof he is or fhdll be entitled to Right of Common as conveniently may be.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall eatend or be conflrued to extend fo as to prejudice, lefTen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of the feveral -Redors, Vicars and Lay Impropriators for the time being of the faid feveral and refpedive Parimes, Townfhips, Hamlets or Places of Sober ton, Hambleton, Catberington, Blcndworth, Bedhamfton, King-fan, Portiffaie otherwife Porlfea, Farlmgton, Wymcring, Wydlcy, South wick, Wcfi Bur hunt, Portchefar, Wicor and Wickham, or any of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons whom foe ver, in or to any Tithes great or fmall arifing or renewing out of or payable for or in refped of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the fame feveral Parities, Townfhips, Hamlets or Places refpedively 5 but that fuch Great and Small Tithes (hall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in fuch and the fame manner as they would have been in cafe this Ad had not been made.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That immediately after aH the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Ad (hall by Order of the faid Commiflioners be marked or flaked out, all the feveral Shares or Allotments to be fet out as aforefaid (hall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of and in full Compenfation, Satisfadion and Dif-charge of all Rights of Common whatfoever which the faid Purlieu Owners and other the Proprietors or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the faid Foreft and other the faid Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedively ; and from that time all Right of Common whatfoever in or upon the faid Foreft and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, (hall ceafe and be for ever annulled, abolifhed and ex-tinguifhed: Provided neverthelefs, that it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners at any time before the Execution of their faid Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the feveral Churches or Chapels to each Parifh, Town-fhip, Hamlet or Place entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, to order and dired all or any Part of the Rights of Common in or over the faid Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof fufpended, for and during fuch time or times as fhall be exprefled in fuch Writing ; and all fuch. Rights of Common as the faid Commiflioners fhall by fuch Writing order and dired to be extinguifhed, or Exercife thereof to be fu£ pended as aforefaid, (hall from the time mentioned in fuch Writing ceafe, determine and be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof (haU be fufpended accordingly; any Law, Ufage or Cuflom to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding.

XLV. And be it further enaded, That if any of the feveral Owners of ancient Mefluages, Cottages, Scites or Homeileads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fhall be defirous that their refpedive Shares in the faid Qjpen Commonable Lands and Grounds fo direded

to

Digitized by Google

A.D.iBid.

C. ccxvlfl.

56° GEO. lit.

5*f.

to be divided, allotted and inclofed as aforefaid, in refpeft of their Common Rights belonging to fuch Mefluages, Cottages, Scites or Homefteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fhould be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Parcels, and (hall exprclV fuch their Defire in Writing to the faid Commiflioners, at fuch time as the faid Commiflioners (hall limit and appoint, then* and in fuch Cafe, the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required to let out the feveral Parcels of Land to be allotted to fuch feveral Persons in One Allotment, and fuch Allotments (hall be ufed and enjoyed by the feveral Proprietors thereof in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations as the faid Commiflioners (hall in that behalf direCl and appoint in their faid Award.

XLVI. And be it further enaCted, That when and fo foon as the Allotments to be faid Commiflioners (hall have afeertained the refpedive Rights of delineated in a the Perfons interefted in the faid intended Inclofure, and alfo the re-	ftlcwa

fpe&ive Shares and Proportions by them propofed to be allotted to 10 fuchPerfons refpe&ively in lieu thereof, they the faid Commiflioners (ball give Notice in manner aforefaid of the Day or Days, and Place where all Perfons interefted mav perufe a Schedule of fuch intended Allotments, and infpe& the Map or Plan whereon the fame (hall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of fuch Schedule fo far as the fame relates to each Perfon refpeCtively; and as fome Perfons may upon Perufal of the faid Schedule, and InfpeCtioir of fuch Map or Plan, be diflatisfied with their intended Allotments, the faid Commiflioners (hall give Notice of One Meeting at lead, to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections again It fuch intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all fuch Objections, and their Determinations in the Preroifes, as to Quantity and Situation, (hall be binding, final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That if any of the Perfons called Purlieu Owners, or other Perfons interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, hath fold or (hall at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the faid Award, fell his, her or their Right, Intereft or Property in, over and upon the faid Com* monable Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose by Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer in fuch Sale, , or to his or her Heirs or Afligns, for or in refpeCt of fuch Right, Intereft and Property fold; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his and her Heirs and Afligns, (hall and may, after the Completion of fuch Sale, hold the Land and Ground fo to be allotted to him, her or them as aforefaid, in the fame manner, purfuant to the Terms of fuch Sale, to all Intents and Purpofes as the Vendor in every fuch Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale had not been made, or fuch Right, Intereft or Property, had been veiled in fuch Vendee at the time of making fuch Sale as aforefaid.

XLVIIL And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be CoannKTionew lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, on ofT«»furY<m* behalf of His Majefty, to agree with and to purchafe from any of po*™1t® P**-she other Perfons called Purlieu Owners, or any other Perfon or jo Geo. III.	O o	Perfons

Google

Sale of Allotments before Execution of Award.

56%	C. ccxvllu	*5o9GEO. IH.	AD>i8i<*«

Perfons who (hall he entitled to any Allotments of Land under this Aft, all or any Part of their rcfpeftive Lands, or the additional Allotments to be made to them under this Aft, for the Ufe of the lame to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors in his and their Right as of Fee; fuch Lands fo purchafed to be inclofed and appropriated* in the fame manner as His Majefty’s Lands and Allotments under this Aft, to the Growth and Prefervatiun of Timber.

Allotmenti to	XLIX. And be it further enafted, That the federal Outermoft

be fenced. Dr Ring Fences of the feveral Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted to the Lord Bifiiop of IVincbeftcr, and to the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks of Stunt Mary College of Winchejler near Win-thejler, and their refpeftive Succeflors, and to the feveral Reftors and Vicars or other Mmiflers of the faid fereral Parifhes, haring Rights of Common in refpcft of their fereral Glebe Lands and their Succeflors, (hall be properly planted with good Quickfets and guarded on each Side with a double Row of Oak, Afli or Elm Pods and Rails, and a fufficient Ditch on each Side (hall be made in fuch manner as the faid Commifiioners (hall direft and appoint, without any Deduftion or Deduftions from fuch Allotment or Allotments* fo to be made to the faid feverai Perfons entitled thereto, their refpeftive Succeflors or Afligns,' or any of them, on account of fuch Expences; and all fuch Fences, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as the faid Commiflioners (hall direft, (hall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Perfon or Perfons, who for the time being (hall be entitled to fuch Allotment or Allotments 5 and ill Fences in pitrfuance of this Aft to be made for dividing and in-clofing the Refidue of the faid Open and Commonable Lands and . Grounds (hall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interefted in fuch Refidue, in fuch Parts and Proportions, and within fuch time and in fuch manner as the faid Conimiifioners (hall in and by their Award direft or appoint.

Fmvifo for His L. And be it further enabled and declared, That His Majefty*# Rights Rights of Foreft, within and over the faid Foreft of South otberwife ui rt-gard toD«es. j?afi otherwife Bier, (hall remain and continue vefted in Hi# Majefly, his Heirs and Succeflors; and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force for the Proteftion of Deer, and for punching Perfons guilty of any Offences in Breach of fuch Laws, (hall remain and continue in Force and Effeft for the Proteftion of His Majefty’s Deer within the Regard of the faid Foreft, and for the Puni(hment of Offenders therein, until fuch timet as the faid Com-milfioner8 (hall appoint ; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that in cafe any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds fo to ~be allotted, divided and inclofed as aforefaid, (hall be aftually inclofed and die Fences thereof completed before the Firft Day sf June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fltaH be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and hill any Deer within fuch Allotment, without being fubjeft to any Pain, Penalty* or Punifhment for fo doing.

Foreft	LI. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fir&

afteefttd. Day of Juno One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, all Right of Soil and Game of Deer, and all other Torsftial Rights and Privileges

Digitized by Google

A.D.i8to<

C. ccxriil.

50° geo. nr.

,563

legef whatfoever of the King’s Majefty, his Heifs and Succeflbrs* and his or their Leflee or Le(Tee89 and of all other Perfons whom, foever, within, upon and over the faid Foreft of South otherwife Eajl Bere otherwife Bter% or the Regard thereof, (hall ceafc, determine and be for ever extinguilhed; ana the whole of the faid Foreft lhall be difafforefted to all Intents and Purpofea whatfoever.

LII. And be it further enabled, That the faid Commifllonen (hall CommiflVmm » and they are hereby required to value all Timber of every Defcrip- ra,ue tion whatfoever, and all Underwood, Bufhes, Hollies and Thorns,

Heritors and Standils, which (hall be ftanding or growing upon the faid Six hundred Acres which lhall be fo awarded to the King's Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the (aid Thomas Thijlkthwayte, his Heirs and Afligns refpe&ively as aforefaid, and alfo upon all the other Parts of the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds fo to be divided, allotted and inclofed as aforefaid, except His Majority's faid Lands which lhall be taken from the prefent or former Owners thereof and transferred to or allotted to any other Perfon or Perfons at the time of fuch allotting and dividing as aforefaid 1 and to dire& under their Hands, what Sum or Sums of Money (hall be paid, and by whom, to the Perfon or Perfons who lhall be en-titled thereto, his, her or their Heirs or Afligns, or his, her or their Leflees or Tenants, for the Timber, Underwood and Bufhes,

Hollies and Thoms, Heritors and Standils, which lhall be ftanding and growing on any Part or Parts of the faid Six hundred Acres fo to be awarded to the King's Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and to the faid Thomas Thijilcthwayte, his Heirs and Afligns, or any of the Lands fo to be transferred or allotted to any other Perfon as aforefaid ; and to call upon the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafunr, for Payment of the Amount of fo much thereof as lhall be the Value of the fame, upon fuch Part or Parts of the faid Six hundred Acres, as lhall be fo awarded to the King's Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and who are hereby authorized and diretted to pay the fame; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons lhall make Default in Payment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money at any time or times appointed by the faid Commiflioners for the Payment thereof, (except fuch Part thereof fo hereby provided for and directed as aforefaid) then it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, together with the Cofts and Chaiges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels: Provided Phmfa» always, that in cafe any Perfon or Perfons on whofe Allotment or Allotments any fuch Timber or other Trees lhall be ftanding or growing as aforefaid, lhall not be willing to purchafe the fame, or lhall not pay the Money fo dire&ed to be paid for the fame at fuch time as aforefaid, then, and in fuch Cafe, it lhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as well as the Purchafers of fuch Timber, with Hoifes, Cattle and Carriages to enter into and upon the Lauds and Grounds whereon fuch Timber or other Trees lhall be ftanding and growing, and to cut down and carry away the fame, and the Money arifing by fuch Sale lhall, after dedudHng the neceflary Charges of cutting down and felling the find Timber, be applied and difpofed of in the fam6

O 0 2	manner

Digitized by

Google

564

Application of Monies payable to Bifhop of Wincheiter arifing from Timber.

Application of other Monies.

41 G. 8. (U.K.) 1.109.

Provife.

Onaaoifficmers to allot in Exchange.

C. ccxviiu	50°	GEO.	III.	«. A.D.iSisi

manner as fa before directed in cafe the laid Timber had been pud for as aforefaid.

LIII. Provided always9 and be it further enadled, That it (Kail and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bifhop of WincheJUr, and his Succe(Tor8, from time to time to pay and apply all of any Part of the Money which (hall or may be paid to or received by him or them, or which he or they may be entitled to in Right of the Sec of Wincbefer, as the Value of and for any Timber, Underwood, Bufhes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, which lhall be purchased, or taken from him and them, and conveyed, transferred or allotted to the King's Majefty, or the faid Tbomat Thiflletbwoyte, or any other Perfon or Perfons, under and by virtue of this Adi, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the See of WincbeRer, or in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, affe&ing any Living or Livings, in the Patronage of the faid See of Winchefter.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the Monies to be received by all other the Purlieu Owners Jother than and except the Lord Bifhop of Winclejler and his Succeflors for the time being) for any Timber, Underwood, Bufhes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, purfuant to the Claufe for the Valuation thereof as hereinbefore is mentioned, (hall be paid for as follows; videlicet, the refpe&ive Shares of fuch of them as fhall be Tenants in Fee-fimple of and beneficially interefted in their refpedlive Allotments (hall be paid to them refpedlively, and the refpedlive Shares of fuch of them as (hall be Truftees for Sale of the Lands in refpedl of which their Allotments fhall be made and of the Timber ana other Trees and Underwood thereon, with Power to give fufficient Receipts and Difcharges for the Monies to arife by Sale of fuch Timber and other Trees, and Underwood, fhall be paid to fuch Truftees refpedlively, and the Shares of fuch other Proprietors or Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money fhall be applied and difpofed of in manner dire&ed by the faid recited Adi of the Forty firft 1 ear of the Reign of His prefer! t Majefty, in cafe any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or HerediUu ments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

LV. Provided always, and bo it further enadled, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to re-ftrain or prevent any Perfons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, prior to any Allotment or Allotments being made to him, her or them by virtue of this Adi, from felling or cutting down any Timber, Underwood, Bufhes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, which fhall be (landing, growing or being On the Land called Purlieu or refpedlive Purlieus of each of fuch Owner or Owners, and of carrying away, felling or difpofing of the fame in fuch and the like manner, in all refpedls as he, me or they could or might have done in cafe this Adi had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to fet out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in whatsoever Parifhes, Town-(hips, Hamlets or Places, the fame are fituate, the Owners whereof

are

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSioV

50° GEO. III.

A	•••

C. CCXVlil.

56s

•re entitled in Right or in refpeft of the fame to any Right of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within any of the Pa-rifhes, Town (hips, Hamlets or Places, in which the faid Open Com* monable Lands or Grounds refpeftively lie or are fituate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforefaid, or within any adjoining ParHb, Hamlet, Town (hip or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afcertained. Specified and declared, in the faid Award of the laid CommiflionerS or fome other Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or Initru* ments, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, which Shall be fo ex* changed, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprie* tors, (hall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Comorate or Collegiate, or a Tenant Or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or. fpecial, or by the Courteiy*of England, or for Years de*

• terminable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guar*

. dians, Truftees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Ufes, Hu (bands.

Committees or Attornies, of or afting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges (hall be refpeftively Infants, Feme9 Covert, Lunatics or under aiw other legal incapacity, or who (hall be beyond the Seas or otherwife flifabled to aft for themfelves, himfelf or herfelf, fuch Confent to be tedified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Bo<Jy Politick, Corporate or Collegiate and under the Hands of the other Parties coofeoting refpeftively; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made (hall be good, valid and effectual, in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever: Provided Brwifin neverthelefs, that no Exchange * (hall he made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel or other Eccleliaftical BeAefice, without the Confent teftified as aforefaid of the# Patron thereof, and of the Bifhop of the Diocefe or other Ordinary of the Ecelefiattical Jurifdiftion in which fuch Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, fo to be exchanged, (hall lie of ho fituate.

LVII. Provided always, and he it enafted, That the Cofts, Charges Bxpeneesol and Expences, attending the making and completing of all Exchanges Exchange* and Partitions, under the Powers and Authorities in this Aft, and w the faid recited Aft of the Forty firft Year of His prefent Majefty*®

Reign, or either of them contained, (hail be paiaand borne by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politick, Coirporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiffioners (hall order and direft.

LVII1. Provided always, and be it enafted, That all and every Allotments to the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft for or in refpeft remain offen* of any Freehold E dates (hall be deemed and taken to be and held Tenors* and enjoyed as Freehold Eftates (fubjeft neverthelefs to the Seigno-rial Rights of the Lords of the refpeftive Manors in which the fame are fituate) and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in re-fpeft of any Copyhold or Cuftomary Edates, held of any Manor or Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to he inclofed by virtue of this Aft refpeftively lie or are fituate, (hall be deemed and taken to be as Copyhold or Cuffomary Eitat^s, and fiiall be held of the Lords

O o 1	of

Digitized by Google

C. ccxviii.	50®	GEO. III.	A'D.iSick*

of the Fee thereof under the fame Rents and by the fame Cuftom# and Services as the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were fo allotted are or ought to have been held, and (hall pafs by the like Surrenders as the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments in refped whereof fuch Allotments lhall be made now do pafs.

LIX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Con-font of the refpe&ive Lord or Lords of the Manor dr Manors of whom any Mefluages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements in the (laid feveral and refpe&ive Parifhes, Townlhips, Hamlets or Places of , Soberton, Hamblcdon, Catberington, Blend worth, Bedhamfton, King-Jlon, Portijfaie otherwife Portfea, Farlington, Wymcring, Widky> South wick, IVeft Bur hunt, Portchefier, Wicor and Wickham, or any of them, are or (hall be bolden by Copy of Court Roll and of the \ cuftomary Tenant or Tenants by whom any fuch Mefluages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements Jhall be refpeftively bolden, in and by the Award of the faid Commiffioners, or by any other Writing or , Writings to be figned and fealed by the faid Commiffioners and by fuch Lord or Lords and Tenant or Tenants refpe&ively,' or by the Hulbands, Truftees or Guardians, Committees or Attornies of and for any fuch Tenants, being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any ether Difability or Incapacity (or under . the Common Seal of any of them, being a Body or Bodies PuHtick, Corporate or Collegiate) at any time within Twelve Calendar Months . after the Date of the Commiffioners Award, to declare any fuch. Copyhold or Cuftomary Mefluages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements to be enfranchised* and the Tenures by which the fame are holden, and the Fines, Heriots and other Services incident thereto, to be dif-charged and extinguilhed; and that the fame Mefluages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements, or any Part or Parts .thereof refoe&ively, (hall thenceforth be holden of the Lord or Lords of the lame Manor or refpe&ive Manors, either by the Rents which (hall have been theretofore paid or payable in refpe6t thereof, or by any lelfer Rent or Rents to be in fuch Writing or Writings afeertained and declared, oj without Rent; and in lieu of and Compenfation for every fuch En-franchifement, to award to the refpe&ive Lord or Lords of the fame Manor or Manors fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be applied in the manner hereafter dine&ed, or to affign and fet eut to and for fuch Lord or Lords refpe&ively fuch Compenfation, by and out of any of the Lands and Tenements hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners be an Equivalent and Satisfa6tion for the cuftomary Payments, Burthens and Services to which fuch Copyhold Mefluages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements refpe&ively (hall have been fubjed or liable ; and the Lord or Lords for the time being of the Manor to whom any fuch ancient Rent (hall be referved and contained, or any lefler Rent affigned, (hall have the like Powers and Remedies for the Recovery of fuch Rents refpe&ively as by the Laws of this Realn* are given for the Recovery of Rents, Seek Rents of Aflize and Chief Rents ; and from and after any fuch Declaration (hall be made and executed, and fuch Sum of Money or other Compenfation fliaU be paid or affigned in exchange for fuch Copyhold Tenure, the J-aods and Tenements in every fuch Declaration comprised and

6	thereby

Digitized by CjOOQle

A.D.iSio.	500'GEO. Ill,	C.	ccxvni.	567

thereby* exprefled to be enfranchifed (hall be held, poffefled and en* joyed by the Owner or Owners thereof paying or making fuch Com-penfation, their refpe&ive Heirs or Afligns, or other Perfons claim* mg in Reverfion or Remainder of the Lord or Lords of fuch Manors refpe&ively, in free and common Soccage, difeharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Services and Duties incident to fuch Tenure, and of all other Services and Payments except the Rent or Rents which may be continued or referred to fuch Lord or Lords in refpedt thereof; and the Lands or other Hereditaments fo to be afligned to fuch Lord or Lords (hall be by him or them, and by his or their Heirs, SirccefTors or Afligns, or by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be entitled in Reverfion or Remainder to fuch Manor or Manors refpe&ively, held and enjoyed in Compenfation for the Tenure fo to be extinguifhed, for fuch and the like Eflates,

1 and upon and for fuch Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpoles, a3 the Manor or Manors of which the Copyhold Hereditaments fo enfranchifed (hall be holden, /hall at the time of every fuch Enfranchife-ment Hand fettled and limited.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Money Appropriation o| to be received for the Enfranchifement of any Copyhold Lands or Money. Tenements in purfuance of this A 61, fhall be paid to the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors refpe&ively of whom the Copyhold Hereditaments fo to be eufranchifed fhall at the time of the Enfranchifement thereof be holden where fuch Lord or Lords fliall be feifed of fuch Manor or Manors in Fee Simple ; and in all other Cafes the Money to be received for fuch Enfranchifement fhall be paid and applied in manner dire&ed by the faid recited Adi of the Forty-tirfl Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with refpedl to the Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

LX I. Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing herein Provifo for Willi contained (hall extend or be conftrued, adjudged, deemed or taken awl Seulotacw. to revoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Leafe whatfoever, or to prejudice any rerfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or over or affedling the faid Purlieus, or upon the Commonable Lands and Grounds fo to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or exchanged by virtue of the faid recited A6t of the Forty firll Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, or of this A61, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the feveral Allotments fo to be allotted or given io Exchange upon fuch Divifion or Inclofure thereof to the feveral Purlieu Owners and Proprietors re-fpe&ively, (hall immediately after fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be made and fet out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame fhall be fo allotted or exchanged as aforefaid fhall, from the iigning the faid Award, fland, be feifed and poflefled thereof refpeftjvely to fuch and the fame Eflates, and with fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities for making Leafes thereof or otherwife, and lubje6l to fuch and the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trufts, Provifoes, Remainders, Reverfions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common, and Common of Pallurage as aforefaid, and fuch other

O o 4	Exceptions

Digitized by

5«*

C. ccxviiii

jo® GEO. m.

A.D.1810.

For vacating La<Va ai Kaik JUnf*

What T>«*afe* Tenants for Life mav giaut.

For prrvnrilirg Quiikfeo tr>m brii'u damaged

ty SHee^.

RatiafaAion for

Exceptions and Prbvifions as are herein made only excepted), as the faid feveral Purlieus, Lands and Hereditaments, in refpe& or in lieu thereof, or in right whereof fuch Allotments were and are to be made to them, refpc&ively, ftood feverally limited or fubje& and liable unto at the Time of making fuch Allotments refpe&ively or (igning the faid Award.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further eoa&ed, That all the Abutments of Land to be made of the faid Foreft by virtue of this Ad, in refpeft of any Meffuages, Houfes or Lands held by Leaf© or Leafes at Rack Rent, or for which Leafes no Fines are exprefied therein to have been paid to the Grantors or LeiTors as the Confident ions for the fame, (hall be allotted to and held by the feverai Owners and Proprietors of fuch Mefluages, Houfes and Lands, freed find difeharged from all Right or Claim of fuch refpe&ive Lefiees to, in or upon the faid Allotments or any Part thereof, to be derived linder or by virtue of fuch Leafes ; and in cafe any of fuch Leffees (hall think hipifelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved thereby, and fuch LefTors and LefTees (hall not fettle the fame to their mutual Satisfa&ion, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, on Application to them made by either Party, to take the Matters in Queftion into their Confidera-tion, and by their Order to make unto every fuch Leflee for his, her and their Lofs of Commonage, or other Lodes by means of the faid pivifion, fuch a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation either in Money, to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by fuch Leafes referred, 3s the faid Commiflioncra (hall think juft and equitable,

LX 111. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Lord pifhop pf JVinehrJler for the time being and his Succeffors, ?nd «>!fo the (aid Warden and Scholars Clerk* of Saint Mary College pf \Viftchejlcr near Winchejier and their Succeffors, (hall have full Power and Authority from time to time to grant any Leafe or Leafes pf all or any Part of the Allotment and Allotments herein dire&ed to be made to him and them, either for Three Lives or for Twenty one Years, in fuch Manner and Form in all Refpe&s as the faid Loid Riftiop of Winchejier and his PredecefTors, and the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejier near Win* cheflery and their PredecefTors, are enabled to leafe their Lands and Ellates within the faid County of Southampton,

LXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Sheep or Lambs (hall be kept in any of the new Inclofures to be made by virtue of this A& during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons keeping fuch Sheep or Lambs (hall and do at his, her or their own Expence, fence or guard his, her or their Neighbours Quickfets adjoining the Inclofures wherein fuch Sheep or pambs (hall be kept, fo as to prevent any Damage being done to fuck Quickfets by fuch Sheep or Lambs j and it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons tp turn or put or caufe to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs. Horfes, Affes, or other Beads or Cattle into any of the Ways, Lanes or Roads on* either Side of which any newly planted Fence (hall be growing.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That if owing

unequal Shaft pf to the Situation or other Circumftances of any Allotment or Allot-Fewces!^	it	(hall	happen	that	the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof (hall

Wt

Digitized by

Google

A.D.iSio,



50° GEO. IHj

C. CCXviii*

5 6

proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it etui fbi the (aid Commiflioners, where they (hall judge

not have a (hall be law?

reafonable, to afcertiin and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paio by fuch Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Ex pence of the Boundary Fencing of fuch other or others of the faid Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Exptnces of the faid Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may bt to a juft and equal Proportion (regard being had to the neceflary Sibdivificn Fences within the re-fpeftive Allotments); and the Money u to be afcertained and applied (nail be levied and recovered in the fair* manner as the Expenccs of executing this Aft, in cafe of a Deficient from the gajc 0f Land, hereinbefore direfted to be levied and record . provided always, Prorife« » that it (hall and may be lawful for the fah Commiflioners, at any time before executing their final Award, to mfce any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may ha\ fet out an(j ordered, or in any private Roads laid, or to be laid ov^ or to fuc}j Allotments as they (hall think right and expedient; *d in cafe any Per-fon or Perfons be injured by fuch Alterations, i account of any Expences he or they may have been at, the faid Cmmjfljoner8 fhaU afcertain and determine what Recompence (hall k made to him, her or them,* and (hall direft by whom, and in manner fuch recompence (hall be made.

LXVI. And be it further enafted, That the Awj t0 madc Award inTpefltd by the faid Commiflioners, when inrolled in manner d.£e(j by the	***”	*

faid recited Aft of the Forty firft Year of the Reign % His prefent Majefty, (hall be depofited and left with the Clerk of t peace for the faid County of Southampton, where the fame (hall d may be infpefted and perufed at all feafonable Times in the ly-time for ever hereafter, by any Pcrfon or Perfons whomfoever, payt tjjC gum of One Shilling and no more to the faid Clerk of the P-e or his Deputy for every fuch Infpeftion and Perufal.

LXVII. And be it further enafted. That once at lea]n ^h Account tob« and every Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Y- t0 be examined and computed from the Day of palling thereof) the faid Com tfioners balanced by Two (hall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Stment Magiftrates or Account of any Sums of Money by them or any of them .eived %aau* and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Exptes jn the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account ^ f0 made (together with the Vouchers relating thereto! (hall be by*^ if Required, laid before two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the ^.e for the faid County of Southampton (not interefted in the faid intend Divifion and Inclofure) to be by them examined and balanced Juftices being hereby authorized to take or call fuch Aid and Alv ance in fuch Examination as they (hall think tit, and to charge tk incidental Expences) and the Balance (hall be by fuch Juftices ftate in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerks tt the faid Commiflioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Account!

(hall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid iu the Law unlefs allowed by Two Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid.

LXVIII. And whereas fome of the Land Owners and Proprietori interefted in the faid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, may have Occaflon td tyirrow Money to defray their refpe&ive Shares and Proportions ©

th(

Digitized by

Goo«

le

Si*' C.ccxvliL	GEO. Ilf. j AD.iSio^

the Charges and Expence9 of obtaining and carrying this Ad into Tenants fcr Execution ; Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful life, fcc. em* to and for the Land Owners and Proprietors, asd' of all other Per» powered to bor- fon3 whomfoever interefted in fuch Lands a«d Grounds, being a row Money, Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, Or ii- Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or.Lelee or Leflees for any Life or Lives, or for Years deterptnable on any Life or Lives, and alfo to and for the Hufbands, Guardian)?, Trufte^s and Committees of any of the faid Owners or poprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or b'Jond the Seas, or labouring under any other Difability whatfoever ^°d alfo to and /for all Perfons ading as Guardians, Truftees o Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any ^ability or Incapacity whatfoever, whether * fuch Owners or Prof*101*8 refpedively be Tenants for Life, with or without Impeach*0* of Wafte, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Ten?*8 by the Courtefy of England, or Leflbe or LcfTees for any Lr or Lives, for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (other tbarand except the Lord Bifhop of Winchejler, and the Warden and&cholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Win* chejler near Wi&fter* and their refpe&ive Succeflors, and other than and except th^urveyors of the Highways of the faid refpe&ive Parifhes, for *n refped of any Allotment or Allotments made to them as SurVor® as aforefaid), by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, t4cr their refpe&ive Hands and Seals, to be duly executed and ?cfted by Two or more credible Witnefles, to charge the Freehold F**and by Surrender or Surrenders duly paffed, according to theuft°m °r Cuftoms of the Manor whereof the fame is, are or (hall b^olden, to charge the Copyhold Part of fuch Lands and Ground88 he allotted to fuch Owners and Proprietors refpec* tively, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds for eacao(l every Acre thereof, for defraying their refpe&ive Proportion the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this A* a°d °f inclofing and Subdividing their refpe&ive Allotment*18 the faid Commifuoners (hall think proper for fuch Purpofef the pe to be paid for by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and to be applied for t Purpofes aforefaid in Tuch manner as the faid Commiffionera (ha)lire& and appoint; and for fecuring the Repayment of fuch Sums of Money with Intereft for the fame, to grant, leafe, ^efe, mortgage, furrender or otherwife fubje& their faid refpec^ ti Allotments or any Part thereof, unto any rerfon or Perfons who advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money refjpe&ivelyylus, J or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiugus, for any erm or Number of Years as to the Freehold Part thereof, and for ich Eftate, Term or Intereft as to the Copyhold Part thereof at toll be conformable to the Cuftom of the refpe&ive Manors, fo that *ny fuch Grant, Leafe, Mortgage, Demife, Surrender or Security be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or witn *n exprefs Truft to be furrendered when fuch Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fecured and the Intereft thereof (hall be fully paid and fatisned; and fo that in every fuch Grant, Leafe, Mort-

fsge, Demife, Surrender or Security which (hall be made by any erfon or Perfons interefted in, or entitled unto the Premifes far the Term of their natural Life only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Truft^e or Truftees, Committee or Committees, there be

contained

Digitized by v^ooQle

JLD.i8ro»

50° GEO. HL.	C.	ccxviih	571

contained a Provrfo or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the (aid Premifes (hall duly pay and keep down the Intere'l A any Sunt or Sunas of Money to be thereby fecured during their refpe&ive Lives 5 and no Perfon afterwards becoming feifed or pofiefled of the (aid Premifes (hall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Intereft than for One Year preceding the time at which the Title to fuch PofTellion (hall have commenced; and every fuch Grant, Leafe, Mortgage, Demife, Surrender or Security of the faid Premifes (hall be good, valid and effe&ual in the Law for the Pur-pofefi thereby intended.	*	.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Appeals (hall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance'of this Ad (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations as are by the faid recited Ad made in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Mujefty, or by this Ad di-reded to be made final or cenclufive, and favc and except in fuch cafes wherein an IfTue at Law (hall be tried as hereinbefore direded), then, and fn every fuch Cafe, he, ihe or they may appeal to the General Quarter-Seflions of the Peace which (hall be held for the faid Countv of Southampton, within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Caule of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiflioners Twenty one Days previous Notice of fuch Appeal j and the Jui-tices of the faid Quarter-Seflions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matters of every fuch Complaint, and make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Colls as to them (hall feem reafon-able, and by their Warrant, to levy the Cofts which (hall be fo awarded by Dillrefi ar.d Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Patty or Parties liable to pay tKe fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deduding the reafonable Charges; which Determination of the faid Juftices (hall be tinal and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Re-, cord at IVeJlminflery or elfewhere.

LXX. And be it further enaded. That nothing herein contained Saving of Rights (hall prejudice, leflen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of the ofLonUoftiia faid feveral Purlieu Owners, or of any other Perfon or Perfons who M*04**

(hall or may be refprdively for the time being Lord or Lords of any Honor or Honors, Manor or Manors, Lordlhip or Lordlhips, JuriU didion or Jurifdidions, or reputed Honor, Manor, Lordfhip or JuriL didion, within the Limits whereof the faid Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands ar.d Grounds hereby direded to be inclofed or any Part thereof refpedively are comprized, of, in or to any Seigniories,

Royalties, Fifheries, Free Warrens, Manorial Rights, Ecclefiaftical Rights and other Rights, Cuftoms and Services incident or belonging to Inch Honors, Manors, Lord (hips or Jurifdidions or any of them j but that the faid Lords hereinbefore particularly named, and fuch other Lord or Lords for the time being, (hall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts and Vifitations, Perquifites and Profits of Courts and Yiiitations, pines, Free Warrens,Franchises, Waifs, Eftrays, Deodands, Efcheats and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences and Appurtew nances to fuch Honor*, Manors, Lordfhips or Jurifdidions rcTpec* tively incident, belonging, appending or appertaining (except the Right of the Soil of the (aid Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands

Digitized by Google

S7«

Trovifo for Bilhop of Win-chefter uul Warden and Scholars «t Winchefler College.

The King to brar Proportion •1 CUb.

Provifo for James Tooker J’Tq as to Wood-•rolis.

General Saving.

£. ccxvlii;	50°	GEO.	in.	A.D.i8io#

and Grounds, and other the Foreftial and Common Rights for which Compenfation is hereinbefore dire&ed to be made) in as full, ajpple and beneficial manner as they refpe&ively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe this A & had not been made.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or any jvife be conftrued to extend fo as to charge or make chargeable theLord Bifhop of Winchejler or his Succeflors or the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejler near Winchejler or their Succeflors or any of them, with the Payment of any of the Cpfts, Charges and Expences which (hall be occafioned or incurred by reafon or means of any Difputes or Differences or of any Trials at Law touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the Right of the Soil or of any Rights jof Common or other Rights and Interefts in, over or upon the Lands or Grounds heieby directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed or any Part or Parts thereof; but that the federal and refpe&ive Shares and Proportions of the faid Lord Bifhop of JV'tncheJler, and "Warden and' Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejler near Win* chejler, and their refpedlive Succeflors, of all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences, (hall be paid by the faid Commiflioners out of the Monies dire&ed to be raifed by virtue of this A&. ; and that the faid Lord Bifhop of Winchejler, and the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejler, near Winchejler and their refpettive Succeflors fhall be and they are hereby feverally and refpe&ively indemnified from all fuch Cofls, Charges and Expences accordingly.

LXXI I. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing hereiji contained, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to exempt the King's Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, from the Payment of a due and juft Proportion of all the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending any fuch Difputes, Differences or Trials at Law which may be had, brought or inftituted againlf the faid Lord Bifhop of Winchejler and Warden and Scholars Clerk6 of Saint Mary College* of Winchejler near Winchejler, and their refpe£Hve Succeflors, touching the aforefaid Claims ; but the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to adjuft and fettle all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences fo and in fuch manner as that each and every Perfon interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure may pay andf>ear his, her and their due and juft Proportion thereof, (other than and except the faid Lord Bifhop of Winchejler, and the faid Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchejler near Win* chcjler).

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to prejudice, leflen, defeat or alter the Right, Title or Intereft of James Tooker E(quire, in and to a certain Piece or Parcel of Land called Wood-erofts, in the faid County of Southampton, Part of the Manor of Hinton Daubney in the faid County ; but that the fame fhall remain fubje6l to the fame Rights and Privileges in all refpe<SU as if this A& had not been made: Provided neverthelefs, that the faid Piece op Parcel of Land called Woodcrafts, be not within the Regard or Bounds of the faid Foreft intended to be hereby inclofed.

LXX1V. Saving always to the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, bis Heirs and Succeflors, and to all Bodies Politick, Corporate or

Collegiate

Digitized by

Google

A.D.i8io.

C*.«

. ccxvm.

50° GEO. in.

Collegiate and tbeir Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, hi* and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflratora and Affigns, all fuch Eflate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and De-mand whatsoever, (other than and except fuch a* is and are hereby exprefTed, meant aod intended to be barred, deftroyed or extin-guiihed) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or out of the faid Foreft and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, as they, every or any of them, now have or hath or could have had and enjoyed therein in cafe thib Aft had not been made.

LXXV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be printed Erldsos* by the Printet to the King1* Moil Excellent Majefty, and a CojiV thereof, fo printed, (hall be admitted at Evidence thereof by all Judges. Juft ices and others.



Digitized by v^ooQle

INDEX

TO THE

tUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 50 GEO. III.

. * Signifies that the A3 relates exchtfivelj to Ireland.

Abuses (offiees) .	*31

Affidavits (Attornies)	-	4

Alms (Poor) -	•	52

Annuities •	-	•	56

—	(See Loans.)

Annuity (Duke of Brunfwick) 37 ——- (Vifcount Wellington) 8 Appropriation A& -	-	115

Arms ...	*109

Army (Mutiny and Defertion) 7 Affefled Taxes (Duties) -	104

—	...........  (Surcharges)	105

Affeffing Lands (Property, &c.)	106

Aflignments for Clothing (Forces) 107 Augmenting Parochial Stipends 84 Badges (Poor) -	52

Bakers -	-	-	73

Baftard Children -	-	51

Black Game (Prefervation) -	67

Braziers (Stills) -	•	*99

Brazils (Ere&ing Mint)	•	63

Bridges, &c.	-	-	-	43

Brim (lone Foreign (Drawback) 40 Britifh Fifheries -	-	54

Rutlerage and Prifage (Wines) *101 Churchwardens (Poor Accounts) 49 Clandeftine running of uncuftomed

Goods, &c.	-	-	1 10

Clerks to Attornies (Affidavits) 4 Clothing (Forces) -	-	107

Coals to London and Weftminfter 110 Coroners (Inquifitions)	-	*30

Cotton (Manufacture)	-	57

Court of Seffion (Decrees) -	112

Crape8 (Italian)	- •	55

Cultoms (preventing Frauds) - jo —— Ifle of Man,(Confolidating) 42 Debtors (Infolvent)	-	*47

Diftillery (Licences) -	79

Drawbacks andBounties(Goods,8cc)#97

Cap*

Dublin Port (Improving)	-	*9$

Dwelling Houfes (Duty)	-	#75

Eaft India Company (railing Men) 87

------- (Ships) •	86

Employment (Poor)	-	50

Embezzlement of Money	•	59

Fees (Offices)	-	•	*81

Fifh (Newfoundland)	-	80

Filheries (Britifh) -	-	54

------- (Encouragement of) 108

------- (Greenland Whale)	it

Flax (Manufacture)	-	57

----Seed (Sale of)	-	*82

Forces (Clothing) -	-	107

Foreign Plain Linen (Duty on)	26

,	 (Duty	on	Export) 39

Foreign Salt (to Newfoundland)	60

------Silks and Gloves	-	55

Gloves, Leather (Foreign) •	55

Goods, See. (Drawbacks)	-	*97

------------(Removal	of)	-	64

------and Merchandize (Importation, See.) «*	.	-	21.	*38

Grants of Offices	•	88

Greenland (Whale Filheries)	it

Hawkers and Pedlars	-	41

Heath Fowl (Prefervation) -	67

Hemp Seed (Sale of)	-	*82

Holyhead (Harbour)	-	93

Howth (Harbour)	-	*72

Importation and Exportation (Britifh

and Irilh made Malt) 53

--------- (Corn from Africa, &c.) 13

------- (Corn, Prohibiting) 19

------—- (Corn and Provilions) *16

---------(Filhfrom Newfoundland^®

---------(Foreign Salt to Newfoundland) -	6#

——— (Goods, &c. Drawbacks

on) *	*	*97

Importation

Digitized by Google

Index to the publics general acts,- ceo. nr.

Ctp.

Importation and Exportation (Goods warehoused)	*j8

-■ —■ ■ ■ * (Goods, Scc. into and

from tht Weft Indies) 2t >■■■» (Machinery for Mint in

Brazils)	.	63

---------- (Malt) -	-	34

—*-------- (Mafia, Yards, See.) 12

.......... (Oil ofVitriol and Foreign

Brimftone)	-	40

*»—- ■	(Salt from Port of Naflau) 13

■ (Sugar and Coffee of Guadeloupe, St. Euftatia,

St. Martin and Saba) 61 — «>	■ ( Sugar and Coffee from-

Britiffi Colonies, &c. to Europe, South of Finifterre) -	13

*	——- (Sugar Drawbacks,&c.)* 17,

18

•	--------(Wood,CuftomsDutyon) 77

Indemnity (Offices) -	*4

Innkeepers (Soldiers) -	28.	96

*3° *47

Inquifitions (Coroners) Ink" ~

_ lolvent Debtors (Relief, See.) Infurances (Colle&ing Duty in Weft Indies) ...	35

Infurre&ions (fupprefling) -	*78

Irifh Road A&s (amending) - *29 Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies 55 Judge Advocate General (Letters) 66 Judges Salaries (Augmentation of) 31 Lambeth Parifh (granting Leafes) 6 Land Tax (Redemption and Sale of) 58 Letters and Packets (Additional Duties) -	*74

Licences (Spirits) -	*79

Lighthoufes	-	»	*95

Linen, Foreign Plain, (Export Duty) 26

---------------------(Warehoufe)	3*

Loan (Stamp Duties) -	71

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bilk,

&c. 2, 3. 23. 36. 45. *68, 69, ;o. *98. 113, 114.

Local Militia (amending A&s) 25

------------—	(	Pay	and	Clothingy	90

London, Port of (Quays) -	22

--------and Weftminfter (Coal*) no

Lotteries -	-	*	*94

Malt (Annual Duties)	•	1

—	(Britiffi and Iriffi) Exportation 53

— (Exportation of)	-	34

—	■■■' Liquor (Confumption) • *46

Cap.

Malt (nfeking of)	*	*99

Marine Forces (Regulation of)' 14 Mafts, Yards, Bowlprits, &c. (Importation of) * -	-	13

Militia Allowances, (Adjutants. Ser-• jeant Majors, Subalterns) *89 91,93 —-—, (completing)	- .	24

——- (Pay and;€lothing) - go —-— (Pay, Closing, Allowances) *89

------Local (amending Afts)

—11---1------f"ay and. Clothing)

Mint (Brazils;

Money *( Embezzlement of) Mutiny and lefertion (Army) New Foreft (Timber)

Oaths, (unl^ful) -4 Offices (an#«al Duties)

-----— aqfEmployments

-------(fhployments, &c.)

------- (Irants of)

-------fublick, Fees)

egiftrars)

*5 90 6$ 59 • 7 116

*103 - I

4

5<S 8S *81 11S 8

. -	-	.	6S

Officerof Excife (Superannuation) 44 Oil of/itriol (Exportation) -	40

Ormpde, Earl of (Butlerage) *ioi Parodial Stipends -	-	84

Pedlrs and Hawkers	-	-	41

Pe^iOns -	_	56.	in

Security) ^Surveyor General)

(Annual Duties)

, —— Salaries, &c. (Increafe) IVmits (Malt)

Prfonal Eftates (Annual Duties) Joor (Badges)	»	•

---(Employment)

----(examining Accounts)

Port of Dublin (improving) London (Quays)

Poftage (Duty of)

117

*99

I

5°

49

*95

22

*74

(Judge Advocate General) 66 Prince of Wales (granting Leafes— Lambeth) -	6

Prifage and Butlerage (Wines) *roi Prifons '	-	-	-	*103

Property, See. (aflefling Lands) 106 Publiek Money (Embezzlement of) 59

------Offices (Fees)	-	*81

------Peace -	-	*78

Quarantine (appointing Superintend-ants) -	-	20

Redemption and Sale of Land Tax 58 Regiftrars (Offices)	-	118

Roads

Digitized by C^ooQle

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 50 GEO. 11^

Cap.

Road* .	•	*43

Salaris (Judges) -	•	31

—...  Penfions,	&c.	(Accounts	of

Inoeafe) -	-	117

Sale oi Land Tax	-	58

Salt (txported from Naflau) -	13

—— Foreign (to Newfoundland) 60 Schools	...	*33

Silk (Manufa&ure) -	-	*27

Silks (Italian and r ordgn wrought) 55 Smuggling	-	-	62

Snuffs (Annual Duties) •	•	1

Spirits (Corn) -	-	5

—■ (fufpending Importation) 5 ■ — - (Duties on)	-	*15

Stage Coaches •	*32.	48

	Cap*
Sump Duties - *	* *;6
	- 71
Stills (Fines)	- *100
Sugar (Annual Duties)	- 1
	 and Coffee (exported)	- J3
	(Countervailing Duties)	• iS
	 (Drawbacks)	- *17
	 (Plantation)	- 9
Surcharges (Aflefled Taxes)	- 105
Tiffanies (Italian)	- 55
Timber (New Foreft) -	- 116
Unlawful Oaths	- *102
Vitriol (Oil of)	40
Weftmiafter (Improvement)	- 119
Woollen Manufacture	- *j



7*

Digitized

ed by Google