THE

ST A T U T E S

THJB UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

56 GEORGE III. 1816.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers;

And fold by JF. Buttejiworth and Son, Law Bookfellers,

in Fleet-Street

1816.

[Price iL 4s. 6A in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

' Pitied in the FOURTH Saffian of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ;

56 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

i. AN A&t to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of XjL March One thoufaad eight hundred and eighteen, feveral Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain.

Page 1

1. An Afit to retire and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fpventeen, an Aft of the Seventh Year of King Gshrgc the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.	2

3.	An A€t for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred	and fixteen.	3

4.	An AA for railing the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain* for the Year One thouland eight hundred and fixteen.	24

5.	An AA to extend the Powers of an A& of the Thirty feventh

Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling His Majefty more effe&ually to grant conditional Pardons to Perfons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprifonment under fuch Sentence*	Ibid.

6.	An AA to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, an AA of the Fifty fourth Year of

prefent Majefty, for explaining and amending feveral Ads

IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

8.	An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and feventeen, an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of Ilia prefent Majeftyi for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.	Page 28

9.	An Ad for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Paf-

fage Veflels entering, or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain.	29

10.	An Ad for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	31

11.	An A A for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine

Forces while on Shore. #	33

12.	An Ad for exhibiting a Bill in this prefent Parliament, for

naturalizing His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Metjfen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.	30

13.	An Ad for the Naturalization of His Serene Highnefs Leopold

George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cohourg of Saalfeld ; and fettling his Precedence.	40

' 14. An Ad for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.	41

15.	An Ad to carry into effed a Convention of Commerce, concluded between His Majefty and The United States of America* 43

16.	An Ad for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown

Rents*	44

17.	An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties o£ Excife in Great Britain.	57

18.	An Ad to fufpend* until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.	58

19.	An Ad to continue until	the	Fifth	Day of	July One	thoufand

eight hundred and fixteen, an Ad of the Forty feventh Year of Ills prefent Majefty, for granting	an	additional	Bounty on	double

refined Sugar exported.	Ibid.

20.	An Ad to make further Provifion for the Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland.

59

21.	An Ad to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Ex-

piration of the Reftridions upon Payments in Cafti by the Bank of England, an Ad for fufpending tne Operation of an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for reftraining the Negociation of Promiflory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England.	62

22.	An Ad for the more effedually detaining in Cuftody Napoleon

' Buonaparte.	Ibid.

23.	An Ad for regulating the Intercourfe with the Ifland of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte mail be detained there; and for indemnifying Perfons in the cafes taerein mentioned.

24.	An

(Puilicl General) 56° GEO. HI.	V

*4. Ax1 Aft for better enabling His Majefty to make Provifion for the Eftablilhment of Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Jmgujbiy and His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxef Margrave of Meiffen> Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cohomrg of Saalfeld•	Page	69

ay. An Aft for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter.	71

26.	An Aft for charging certain Duties on the Importation of

Cheefe.	7a

27.	An A A to amend feveral Laws relative to the Tranfportation

of Offenders ; to continue in force until the Firft Day of May One thouiand eight hundred and	twenty one.	74.

28.	An Aft to enable the Commilfioners of His Mriefty's Treafury

to iffue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fix-teen.	82

29.	An Aft to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Duties of.

Cuftoms, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to repeal fo much of feveral Afts palled in the Forty feventh. Forty ninth and Fifty firft YeaVs of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as charge any Loans made for the Service of the Years One thoufand eight hundred and feven, One thoufand eight hundred and nine, ana One thoufand eight hundred and eleven. Upon the War Duties of Cuftoms or Excife, and to charge fuch Loans on	the Duties of Cuftoms made	perpetual.	83

30.	An Aft for indemnifying the Commilfioners of Excife in Scot-

land* and all Perfons who may have afted under their Authority, in relation to certain-Orders iflued and Things done relative''to certain Afts regarding the Diftilleries in Scotland•	84

31.	An Aft for transferring all Contrafts and Securities entered into

with or given to the Commilfioners for Tnmfports to the Commilfioners of the Navy and Victualling.	86

32.	An Aft for fixing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	88

33.	An Aft to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom.as

have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for thofe Purpofes refpeftively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouiand eight hundred and ferenteen ; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of In* dentures of Clerks to	and Solicitors to make and file the

fame on or before thC Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and ferenteen.	90

34.	An Aft to charge an additional Duty on Corks, ready made,

imported into Great Britain.	91

33. An Aft for the more fpeedy and effeftual Collection of the Tonnage Duty upon Ships Inwards.; for empowering the Lords of the Treafury to regulate the Hours of Officers’ Attendance in • the Port of London ; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fittefo’

Certificates.	Ibid*

36. An Aft to repeal Two Afts jpafled in the Reign of King Bdward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which lpro-A' 3	hibit

Th* TITLES of th* STATUTES,



hibit tke Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Article*.	Page	93

37. An Ad to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce of Germany.	94

36. An Ad to empower His Majefty to fufpend the Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia.	Ibid.:

39.	An Ad to reduce the Number of Days of Mufter or Exercife "

of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry.	Ibid. :

40.	An Ad for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One '

thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, an Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, to continue the Reftridions contained in the feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty, on Payments of Cafh by the Bank of England.	gy

41.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Two Millions four hundred and

feventy thoufand Pounds Irijh Currency, by Treafury Bills, for the j Service of Ireland,, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and lixteen.	96

42.	An Ad for railing the Sum of One million feven hundred thou- < fand Pounds Britijh Currency, by Treafury Bills, for the Service* of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eignt hundred and lixteen. ,

9$

43.	An Ad for making certain Allowances of the Duties payable

on Malt and Beer.	100

44.	An Ad to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of

Excife, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.	x 12

45.	An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of

the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feveateen.	114

46.	An Ad for the better Regulation of the Civil Lift.	119

47.	An Ad for railing the Sum of One million two hundred thoufand Pounds Irijh Currency, by Treafury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thouland eight hundred and fixteen. 126

48.	An Ad to continue, until Three Month? after the ceafing of any

Reftridion impofed on the Bank of England from ifluing Cafh in Payment, the feveral Ads for confirming and continuing the Reftridions on Payments in Cafh	by the	Bank	of	Ireland	Ibid.

49.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad, paffed in the laft Seffion

of Parliament, for the more eafy afifefling,	colledmg	and	levying

of County Rates.	Ibid.

50.	An Ad to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken in Execution.	130

51.	An Ad to amend an Ad paffed m the prefent Seffipn of JParli*

ament, intituled An Aft to carry into EJfkfl * Convention of Commerce concluded between ffii Majcfy and the United Nates of America.	133

52.	An Ad to amend and render more efTedual an Ad paffed in the

laft Seffion of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Perfon* to exchange their Parfonage Houfes or Glebe Lands, and for other Pur-pofes therein mentioned.	134

53.	An Ad tQ amend and render more cffedual Three feveral Ads paffed in the Forty eighth. Forty ninth, and Fifty ftcond Years of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiffioners

. for

{PtiUck General) 6C*GE0. 1IL

(r tk ledudioA of the National Debt to grant Life Annular	PV* 13$

Ao Ad for railing the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Balls, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.	1*7

$j. As Ad to amend an Ad of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for granting the Sum of Five hundred thoufand rounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned ; and to enlarge the Powers veiled in the Diredors of all Works relating to Imaod Navigation in Ireland•	Ibid.

56k An Ad to repeal the fevered Stamp Duties in Ireland, and alfo federal Adi for the Colledion and Management of the faid Du* ties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effiedual Regulations for coHeding and managing the faid Duties.	J48

57.	An Ad to grant certain Rates, Duties and Tates in Ireland, in

irfpeft of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effedual Colledion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes.	279

58.	An Ad to repeal an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His

prefent Majefty, for allowing the Manufadure and Ufe of a Liquor prepared from Sugar Tor colouring Porter. •	325

59.	An Ad to reduce the Duty of Excife on Malt made in Ireland,

and certain Countervailing	Duties and Drawbacks in refpcd

thereof.	328

to. An Ad to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends fttaSV remain unclaimed for the Space of at lead Ten Years Jt the Bank ©t England9 and alfo all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, Mod Balances of Sums HTued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which (hall not have been demanded for the fame Period, to the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National D«ht.	335

ti. An Ad for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be railed by Lotteries.	338

62.	An Ad for ereding an Harbour for Ships to the Eaftward of

Dnnleory, within the Port of Dublin.	Ibid.

63.	An Ad to regulate the General Penitentiary for Convids, at

MMonij in the County of Middlefex.	358

64.	An Ad to repeal feveral Ads relating to the Militia of Great

Britain, and to amend other Ads relating thereto.	371

6$. An Ad to explain and amend the Ads for granting Duties on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices, for for as extend to the due Aflefiment and Colledion of the Duties for paft Years ; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the (aid Duties, and exempting Colle&ors* Bonds from the Stamp Duties.	. 373

66, An Ad for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes, ufed for the Purpofes therein mentioned, for Two Tears ; and for repealing the Ads granting Allowances in refped of Children.	377

An Ad to enable fuch Officers, Marines and Soldiers, as have bn in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the bSBfis, or any Corps of Fencible Men, fince the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to eaercift Trades. 382

A *	68. An

vii

▼HI

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

68.	An Ad to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

Page 3&4J

69.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Ads of the Fifty fourth. Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Culloma on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other-Duties in lieu thereof.	39 K

70.	An Ad to alter and amend feveral Ads relating to the Redemp-

tion of the National Debt of Ireland9 and to make further Provi— fion in refped thereof.	392

71.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty fird Year of His prefent:

Majefty’s Reign, for difeharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Compofition Rents	in Ireland.	39S

72.	An Ad to continue and amend fo much of an Ad of the Forty

third Year of His prefent Majeily’s Reign for authorizing the bil-letting and fubjeding to Military Dilapline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to fuch Corps in Ireland.	39^

73.	An Ad for removing Difficulties in the Convidion of Offenders dealing Property from Mines.	398

74.	An Ad for the Purchafe of certain Lands, Tenements and

Hereditaments at Sheerneft and Chatham, in the County of Kent* for the Ufe of the Navy.	Ibid.

75.	An Ad to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms upon the Importation

into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed, and to grant other Duties in lieu	thereof.	404.

76.	An Ad for repealing the feveral Bounties on the Exportation

of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	^ 405

77.	An Ad to repeal certain Duties granted by an Ad paffed in the

lad Seffion of Parliament, for repealing the Provifions of former Ads granting exclufive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company.	407

78.	An Ad for the better regulating and fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Paper in Ireland\ and to prevent Frauds therein.

408

79.	An Ad for repealing the Duties of Cudoms on Rape Seed

Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifh, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain ; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	440

80.	An Ad to enable the principal Officers and Commiffioners of

His Majedy’s Navy refident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be fold by fuch Officers or Commiffioners at fuch Foreign Stations.	442

81.	An Ad to alter the Period during which Manufaduiers of Oil

of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.	443

82.	An Ad to render valid the judicial Ads of Surrogates of Vice

Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Offices of Judges of fuch Courts.	Ibid.

83.	An Ad for regulating the carnring of PafTengers to and from

the Ifland of Newfoundland and Coad of Labrador.	444

84.	An Ad for the better Accommodation of His Majefty’s Packets

within

(Publiet General) 56* GEO. III.

------f ” 1 , f “ -s‘“i I Hand of Anglefea ; and

8/.	  r	fecuring the	i

d the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife in Ireland, and for the Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and of old Plate and Books from Great Britain*	448

$6. An Ad for eftabHlhing Regulations refpeding Aliens arriving in or refident in this Kingdom, in certain cafes, for Tjwo Yean from the puffing of this A£fc, and until the End of the Seifion of Farhament in which the {aid Two Years (hall expire, if Parliament (hah be then fitting.	451

87. An Ad to regulate Proceedings of Grand Juries in Ireland, upon Bilk of Indi&ment.	463

8$. An Ad to amend the Law of Ireland refpeding the Recovery of Tenements from abfeonding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants ; and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Diitrefs.

464

89.	An Ad to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Sendee of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen.	473

90,	An Ad to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contin-

gent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon ; and for granting Allowances, in certain cafes, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutant*, Surgeons’ Mates and Sesjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.	474

91.	An Ad to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of Demerara,

Jhtrbtce and Efeqmho ; to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, inch Colonies, of certain Articles, by Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands ; and to repeal an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefeut Majefty, for permitting a Trade between the United Pro-viuees and certain Colonies in His Ma ’s PofTeffion.	478

91. An Ad to enable His Majefty to orizc the Exportation of the Machinery necefiary for ereding a Mint in the United States of America	482

93. An Ad for enabling the Officers of tHe Cuftoms at Creeks, Harbours and Bafins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland.	483

94- An Ad to allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take crufhed Rock Salt, Duty free, for making fnch Acid or Oxymuri-ate of Lime, for	bleaching Linen and Cotton.	484

95.	An Ad to authorize fuch Perfon as His Majefty (hall appoint

to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Annuities, now Handing in the Name of the diftolved College of Hertford, in the. Umverfity of Oxford; and alfo to receive Dividends due upon	fuch	Annuities.	486

96.	Au Ad for eftabliihing an Agreement with the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred^ »d fixteen.	487

97* An Ad to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, a Proportion of the Balance that (hall remain from time to time in the Bask of England for the Payment of Dividends on account

therein.

of

viii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

68.	An Aft to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

ne

69.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March <

thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Afts of the Fifty fourth Year of Hu prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu tnereof.	391

70.	An Aft to alter and amend feveral Afts relating to the Redemp-

tion of the National Debt of Ireland*, and to make further Provi-fion in refpeft thereof.	392

71.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fifty firft Year of His prelent

Majeftyfs Reign, for difcharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Compofition Rents in Ireland.	395

72.	An Act to continue and amend fo much of an Aft of the Forty

third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign for authorizing the bil-letting and fubjefting to Military Dilcipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to fuch Corps in Ireland.	396

73.	An Aft for removing Difficulties in the Conviftion of Offenders Healing Property from Mines.	398

74.	An Aft for the Purchafe of certain Lands, Tenements and

Hereditaments at Sheerneft and Chatham, in the County of Kent, for the pie of the Navy.	Ibid.

7 An Aft to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.	404

76.	An Aft for repealing the feveral Bounties on the Exportation

of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing otherBounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred	and eighteen.	405

77.	An Aft to repeal certain Duties granted by an Aft paffed in the

laH Seffion of Parliament, for repealing the Provifious of former Afts granting exclufive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company.	407

78.	An Aft for the better regulating and fecuring the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland9 and to prevent Frauds therein.

408

79.	An Aft for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Rape Seed

Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifh, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	440

80.	An Aft to enable the principal Officers and Commiffioners of

His Majefty’s Navy refident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be fold by fuch Officers or Commiffioners at fuch Foreign Stations.	442

81.	An Aft to alter the Period during which Manufaft users of Oil

of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.	443

82.	An Aft to render valid the judicial Afts of Surrogates of Vice

Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Offices of Judges of fuch Courts.	Ibid.

83.	An Aft for regulating the carnring of PafTengers to and from

the Ifland of Newfoundland and Coaft of Labrador.	444

84.	An A A for the better Accommodation of His Majefty’s Packets

within

(PuUicJc General) 50* GEO. III.

nc. An Ad for the farther Regulation of the Trade* of Tanner* ad Carriers.	Pap	561

j//. An Ad to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirit* diftilled in Ire-lamdf to reduce the Drawback on fuch Spirits exported to Foreign Parti, and to make further Regulations for the Colledion of the hid Duties and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland.	564

112. An A A to make certain Prorifions for modifying the feveral Ads for impofing and levying of Fines, In refped of unlawful DdHDation of Spirits in Inland.	576

11	j. An Ad for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for re. tailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Percy or Spirits in Great Britain, and for impofing other Duties m lien thereof.	58	7

114.	An Ad to regulate the Conveyance of Paffengen from the

Uaited Kingdom to the United States of America, in Briti/b Vefida.	589

115.	An Ad for ratifying the Purchafe of the Claremont Eft ate,

and for fettling the fame as a Refidence for Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Augujla and His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.	590

116.	As Ad to explain and amend an Ad paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty, intituled An Alt for the Abolition of Gaol and other Feet conneded with the Gaols

is England.	*	599

117.	An Ad to amend an Ad pefled in the Thirty ninth and For-

tieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty for the fafe Cuftody of Inline Perfon* enlarged with Offences.	600

lit. An Ad for admitting Oil and Blubber from the Britijh Colo-met m North America, upon Payment of the like Duty as Oil and Blubber from NevAotmdland.	601

7	rp. An A€t to explain and amend an Ad paffed in the prefect Seffion of Parliament for punilhing Mutiny and Defertion m relation to the Tranfportation of Offenders.	Ibid.

120- An Ad to procure Annual Returns of Perfons committed, tried and confided for Criminal Offences and Mifdemeanors in Ireland.	602

121. An Ad for (lefraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ferenteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland / and for making Allowance; in certain cafes	to	Subaltern	Officers of the faid Militia during

Peace.	606

11*. An Ad to make Provifion for fecunng, for a Time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefty** Court of Exchequer in Ireland.	608

us. Aa Ad to continue; until the Fifth Day of April One thou-£md eight hundred and feventeen, an Ad of the Fifty Fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for explaining and amending fereral Ads relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms, ana for enforcing the Refidence of fuch Perfons on their Benefices in England.	613

ua. An Ad to continue, u&til the Firft Day of Augufl One thou-hsd eight hundred and ferenteen, Two Ads of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coab, Culm and Cinders to London and Wejtminflcr. ibid.

125. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

125* An Aft for the more effeftuai Puniftiment of Perfofts rioto\>fl deftroying or damaging Buildings, Engines and Machinery, ufe in and about Collieries and other Mines, Waggon Ways, Bridge and other Works, ufed in conveying and (hipping Coals and othe Minerals; and for enabling the Owners of fuch Property to rccovc Damages for the Injury luftained*

126.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fifty third Year of

fent Majefty, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland.	45	it

127.	An Aft to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Grech

Britain of Small Coals of a certain Description.	615

128.	An Aft to amend Two Afts, made in the Fifty third Year

of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for opening a more convenient Communication from Mary It bone Park to Charing Crofir / and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary le bone Park ; and to enable His Majefty to grant fmall Portions of Land as Scites for Public Buildings, or to be ufed as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality.	620

129.	An Aft to repeal certain Provifions in Local Afts for the

Maintenance and Management of the Poor.	660

130.	An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to extend the Provifions of an AS made in the Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled * An AS to amend and make

*	more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other

*	idle and diforderly Perfons ; and to Houfes of CorreSion;9 and

to make other Provifions in lieu thereof.	661

13 U An Aft to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, an Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effeftuai Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	663

132.	An Aft for enlarging the time for making the Award refpeft-

ing His Majefty’s Allotments under an Aft of the Fifty , third Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Windfor Foreft; and for extending the Provisions of the faid Aft.	Ibid*

133.	An Aft tor making Provifion to defray the Annual Charge of

any Loan of this Seiuon of Parliament.	669

134.. An Aft for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall\	670

133. An Aft for authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to order the Payment of a certain Sum of Money to be applied in completing the Crinan CanaL	671

136. An Aft to enable His Majefty to grant certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, efcoeated and devolved to His M

by the Diffolution of Hertford College, in the Univerfity o fordf and the Site of the laid College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Mafters and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, in Truft for the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Halit for the Purpofe of their removing to fuch Site ; and to enable the laid Chancellor, Mafters and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, and the Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all neceffary Afts for fuch Removal.	,	674

137. An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft of the Firft Year of the Reign of King James the Firft/intituled An AS for \be

better

[Load Sf Personal) 56° GEO. III.	xiii

*1defer Rduf of the Creditors againfl fueh at Jball become Bani~ tofts.	Page	684

11$. An Ad to abolifh the Punifhment of the Pillory, except in cer-tain cafes.	685*

139.	An Ad to regulate the binding of Parifti Apprentices. 68 6

140.	An Ad for eftablifhing the Ufe of an Hydrometer, called

Siler’s Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, in-ftead of Clarks’* Hydrometer.	691

141.	An Ad for enabling Ecclefiaftical Corporate Bodies, under cer-

tain Cutmmftances, to alienate Lands for enlarging Cemeteries or Churchyards.	*	696

142.	An Ad for granting to His Majefty a certain Sum out of the

Coofofidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen 5 and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this, Seffion of Parliament.	697

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

• •

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

\ N Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of JlV His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Glome efUr.	Page	712

it. An A€t for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the ^ County of Northampton.	Ibid.

m. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, fo hr as the fame relate to the Road from Carter*s Bridge, in the Parifti of Chatteris, within the IJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parifti of Rarnfey, in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid1

ir. An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Jundion Canal and certain Peifons, for fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parifti of Paddington, and the Parifhes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middlefex.	713

v.	An Ad for the better affeffing and colleding the Poor and other

Parochial Rates, in the Parifti of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

vu An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from Dtmtjbury to Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori•	,	Ibid.

w.	An Ad for taking down the Parifti ^Church of C&fiom, in the County of Ghmcejter» and for building a new Church, and providing jtt additional Cemetery for the Ufe of the faid Parifti. . Ibid.

wn. An Ad to provide for the repairing and maintaining of a certain

1

xiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

tain Part of federal Roads or Ways, leading from Woodford to Ilford\ in the County of EJfex, and for (hutting up certain other Parts of the faid feveral Roads or Ways.	Page 713

ix.	An Ad for enlarging, improving and repairing the Parifh Church

of Woodford, in the County of Ejfex, and for enlarging the Church Yard or Burial Ground of the (aid Parifh.	Ibid•

x.	An Ad for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of

Exeter.	Ibid.

xi.	An Ad to amend Two Ads of His prefent Majefty for eroding

a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the oppofite Bank in the County of Surrey. *	Ibid.

xii.	An Ad for altering, amending and extending the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Marjefty’s Reign, for fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchefter and Salfordf in the Parifh of Manchefter, in the County Palatine of Lancafter.

7*3

xiii.	An Ad to enable Temple Wejl Efquire, foie Proprietor of The

Royal Circus or Surrey Theatre, fituate in the Parifh of Saint George, in the County of Surrey, to continue the fame open, for public Amufement,	for a	limited	time.	Ibid.

xiv.	An A& fcr enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His

prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the" Road from Preflon Candover to Bafingjloke, and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton.	725

xv.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike [Road from

the Town of Nantwicb> to Wheelock Wharf in the Town (hip of Sondbach, hi the County	Palatine	of Cbejler.	Ibid.

xvi.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the

High Street in the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Wor-cefter, to the Boundary Stone between the Parifh of WorJUld, and the Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of SeUf.	Ibid.

xvii.	An Ad for more effedually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chefer, to the End of Guide Lane, in the County of Lancafter, and other Roads therein mentioned in the faid Counties, and in the County of Tork ; and for making a^ new Road from the faid Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Merfey at Port wood, near the Town of Stockport.

Ibid.

xviii. An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hilly in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Bafngjlone, near the Town of Bagjhot, in the Pariftt of Windlejham, in the fame County*	Ibid.

xut. An Ad for ereding a new Gaol and Court Houfe in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr.	Ibid.

xx. An Ad tor the Incorporation of The Highland Society of Lonr don;, for the better Management of the Funds of the Society ; and for rendering its Exertions more extenfive and beneficial to the Public*	Ibid*

kxi. An Ad for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals within the fa vend Parifhes in the County of Middlesex* lying between the Parifh of Saint Luke Cbelfea, and the Mouth of the River Colne, near Staines; and alfo between Limehotsfis Hoh and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackball;

and

A.D.1BI6.	56° GEO. IIL	C.3.

It

and ninety eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries,

SuMbtotes and other inferior Minifters whatfoever, (fuch Military Officers who are or (hall be in Mufter by the Muller Mailer General of His Majefty’s Army, or in Pay in His Majefty’s Army or Navy inrefpe& of iuch Offices only excepted,) (hall yield and pay unto His Majefty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which fuch Office or Employment was afleffed in the Year commencing from the Twenty finh Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, by virtue of the (aid A61 pafied in the Thirty eighth Year Q of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting	**$•

an Aid to Hit Majefty hy a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight ; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons, Guilds and Fraternities, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pcnfion,

Stipend or oilier yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of His Majefty’s Revenue in Great Britain, or payable or fecured to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever in Great Britain, (not being or iffuing out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Affeflment made upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Adi palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to Hit Majefty hy 380.3 a Land Tax to he raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear 'c* .* One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Adi or Adis of Parliament made or to be made are or (hall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids,) (haH yield and pay unto His Majefty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by tne Year for every fuch Annuity, Penfion, Stipend or yearly Payment refped-iyeJy, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the faid feveral Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be afleffed, impofed, levied and colledled, in fuch manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further enadled. That for the better affeffing, Commiffionen ordering, levying and colle&ing of the feveral Sums of Money io of Land Tax as laft aforefaid limited and appointed to be raifed and paid in the appointed, aforefiud Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in refpe6l of Perfonal ERates, and in refped of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for the more effedual putting this Ad in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Perfon and Perfons who, in and by an Ad of Parliament made and pafied in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled SA G ^ ^ ^ An A3 for appointing Commijftoners for carrying into Execution	~4

an A3 of this Sejfton of Parliament, for granting to His Majefty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and an A3 made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His .Majefty hy a Land Tax to he raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight; or in and by one other Ad made in the Fifty , fifth Year of the 55 G.3. c. ij®» Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for reBifying Mif -takes in the Names of the Land Tdx Commijftoners, and for appointing additional Commi/fiouers, and indemnifying fuch Perfons as have a3ed without due Authority in the Execution of the A3s, therein recited j

were

XVI

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

fevenl Ads for impofing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies Scott, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Ssots Pint of Ale and Beer which (hall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of Borrowjlowneft and Liberties thereof, in the Countv of Linlithgow, and for extending the fame over the Parifh of Borrowjlowneft; for repairing the Harbour of the faid Town; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

Page 766

xxxvii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ada for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or fold • within the Town of Mont rofe, and Privileges thereof; for fupplv-ing the faid Town with Frefli Water; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid*

xxrviii. An Ad for amending feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the feveral Rivers communicating therewith.	Ibid*

xxxix. An Ad for building a new Parifh Church and a Parochial Chapel in the Parifh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middle-. fex, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	IbidL

xL An Ad for building a Church or Chapel of Eafe in the Parifh of Huddersfield, in the Weft Riding of the County of York. Ibid. xli. An Ad to enable the Lord Provoft, Magiftrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to carry into efted certain Purpofes in regard to the Eredion of a Chapel at the Weft End of Princess Street, and for effeding certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood thereof, and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of the faid City.	Ibid.

xlii. An Ad to alter and amend Two Ads of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for ereding and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh 4 and to alter and amend Two Ads of the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty, in regard to the Statute Labour of the Middle Diftrid of the faid

County.	Ibid.

xliii. An Ad for fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the . Town of Ketghly, in the Weft Riding of the County of York. 767 xliv. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ads paired for improving the Post, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for better fupplying the faid Town with Water.	Ibid.

xlv. An Ad for altering, amending and explaining Two Ads of His

£refent Majefty’s Reign, for widening and improving the Street lading from Tower Httl to the Street called Upper Eqft Smitbfield, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

xlri. An Ad tor the better repairing the feveral Roads leading into and from the City of Worceier.	Ibid.

xlviL An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefeut Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Aldermafion to Bqfingstoke, and feveral other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Berkt and Southampton*	Ibid•

xlviii. An

(Local 4r Personal) 56° GEO. III.

x\m Am Ad for amending the Road from Dudley Hill through Bedvitbjkaw to Killing ball* and from Beckwithjhaw to the South wrff Corner of Harrogate Inclofures, and for making and main* riming a Branch therefrom to Bradford, all in the Weil Riding of the County of Fork.	Page	767

xiix. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A6tsof Hia pretest Majefty, for repairing the Road from Darlajlone Bridge to the moft Northern Part of Talk-on*the-Hill in Butt Lane* in the County of Stafford* and alfo the Road branching out of the faid firft. mentioned Road to Shelton Wharf in the faid County. Ibid.

1.	As Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanarkf into the Burgh of Lanark* with a Branch towards Ravenftrvther, in the County of Lanark.	Ibid•

E An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads, fo far as the fame relate to the Roads from Birmingham through Wedmejbury, to High Sullen* and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick* Worcejler and Stafford.	768

ki. An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from Bigglef ooadt to Alconbury Hill* and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.	Ibid.

hii. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ada palled for repairing the Roads from Shrew-finry through Ellefmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads in the faid Ads mentioned, fo far as relates to the EUtfmere Diftrid of the faid Roads.	Ibid.

hx. An Ad to amend an Ad of the Second Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Pariih of Saint James* within the Liberty of Wejlminjler, and another Ad of the Firft Year of King James the Second, for ereding the did Pariih.	Ibid.

U. An Ad to enlarge the Powers of an Ad pafled in the Twenty iecondand Twenty third Years of the Reign of His Majefty King Charles the Second, for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parifh, and to enable the Parifttioners of Saint Saviour*s Southwark to raife a Maintenance for Minifters, and for Repairs of their Church; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid,

lfi. An Ad for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr, m Southwark, in the County of Surrey ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid,

lrii. An Ad to explain and amend an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for paring, cleaning, lighting and otherways improving the Town of Belfafi* in the County of Antrim* and for better effeding thofe Purpofes.	Ibid,

bin. An Ad for amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for incloltng Lands in the Townjhips of Crowle, Eaftoft and Ealand, in the Parifh of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the Weft Riding of the County o/'York ; and lor draining or warping the faid Lands in the Pariihes of Ludding-toa, Belton and Adlingflect* and for making Drains in the Parifh of Atinepe ; all in the feud Counties of Lincoln and Fork,	769

lix. An Ad for buildiog a new Gaol in the City of Brifiol* and for other Purpofes.	Ibid,

56Geo. III.	a	lx. An

a

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lx. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ada patted for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of Bridlington otherwifc Burlington% in the Eaft Riding of the County of Tori; and for granting further Powers for tnofe Purpofes.	Page 769

lxi. An Ad for amending and enlarging the .Provifiont of an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for better fupplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood with Water,	Ibid.

lxii. An Ad for Building a Bridge acrofs the River IrweN, from the Townftiip of Salford, in the Parifh of Mancbefttr, to Strange* ways, in the Townfhip of Cheetbam, all in the County of Lan* cafter ; and for making proper Avenues thereto.	Ibid.

Ixiii. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River Thamet, from the Precind of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlefe*, to the oppofite Shore) and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey; and alfo for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called Narrow Wall, in the had County of Surrey ; and for making an Archway over Part of fuch new Road; and for denominating the faid Bridge The Waterloo Bridge.	Ibid.

xliv. An Ad for improving the Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	782

xv. An Ad for e ft abli filing a New Church, called the Church of Saint Mark, fituate in the Town and Parifh of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancqfter.	Ibid.

lxvi. An Ad for the better Relief and more effedually employing the Poor of the Townfhip of Shardlow and Wilne, in the County of Derby, and the feveral Parifhes and Places therein mentioned in the faid County| and in the Counties of Leicefter and Nottingham. Ibid. lxvii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and rowers of certain Ads for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Worcefler and Warwick, fo far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcefler, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley.	783

Ixviii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Clofe, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

lxix. An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ads of His late and prelent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of Tori, and from Duffield to IVorkfworth, in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

Ixx. An Ad for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and Quays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll/ and for altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in the laid Shire, and in the Parifh of Arrochar, and Shire of Dumbarton•	Ibid.

lxxi. An Ad for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majefty *s Mails; and for amending the feveral Laws relating to the faid Road.	Ibid.

hum. An

(Local Jjr Personal) 66° GEO. III.

\ni Am Aft for continuing and amending Four Afts patted in the fcps of their late Majeftiet King George the Firft and King George the Second, and of His present Majefty, for repairing the Roadi from Lmiom to WekQvtsooJ Gate, in the County of Bedford, and from Lasts to Saimt Alton*, in the County of Hertford. Page 783 lxxui. An Aft for eftabbfhrag and regulating a Fund for the Widows, Children and Relatives of Officers or Perfons belonging to the Department of Cuftoms in England.	784

ixxnr. An Aft for amending an Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefeut Majefty for regulating the Police of tne City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Diftri&s, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

790

kx*. An Aft for more effeftnally repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowfiowuefs by the Weft of Linlithgow, and by Torbhuhen, Bathgate and Whitebum, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Holboufeburn; and for making and main-tabling a certain Road from Borrowfownefr to the River Avon.

Ibid.

Ixxri. An Aft for the more fpeedy and eafy Recovery of Small Debts, in the City and County of the City of Briftol, and the Liberties thereof, and in the feveral Parifhes and Places therein meodooed, in the Counties of Gloucefler and Somerfet.	Ibid.

IxzviL An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Town and Parifhes of Grayefend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for the better Afleflinent and Colleftion of the Poor Rates and other Rates within the Parifh of Gravefend. Ibid. Lxvin. An Aft for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement and Ddovery of Coah within the feveral Parifhes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.	Ibid*

iixix. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Aft of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Horfeley Upright Gate, lead-r ing down Bowden Hill, is the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingfdown Hill, in the Parifh of Box, in the faid County, and fevend other Roads near or adjoining thereto.	816

ftxi- An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of feveral Afts of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the Speenhamland Diftrift of the laid Roads.	Ibid.

btxxi. An Aft for the more effeftual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shore ham, in the County of Suffex.	Ibid•

Ixxxfi. An Aft to amend an Aft patted in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching and otherwise improving the feveral Streets and other Public Places upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parifh of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlefex.	817

ftxxiii. An Aft for improving the Road from the City of Glafgow lo the City of Carlijle.	Ibid.

lnxi?. An Aft for crefting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court of	Chancery.	Ibid.

ftxxv. An Aft	for altering and amending	an	Aft	made in the	Fifty

freond Year	of His prefent Majefty,	for	making	a- Canal	from

a 2	the

TM

%

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Grand Junction Canal in the Parifh of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parifh of Limeboufe.	Page Si	1

lxxxvi. An Adt to alter and enlarge the Powers of feveral Adts pa{Ted in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Cur-ragha.	Ibid*

lxxxvii. An Adt to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Adts of His prefent Majefty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.	Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Printed by the kino’s printer,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED GOPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

1.	A N Adt for allotting Lands in the Parilh of Alwinton, in the

jljL County of Northumberland'.	Page	829

2.	An Adt for inclofing the Common or Waite Ground, called

Halton Mofs or Moore Mofs, within the Manor and Townlhip of Moore, in the County Palatine of Chefier.	Ibid.

3.	An Alt for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made

under an Adt of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

4.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Thorp Arch and

Walton, in the County of the City of York.	Ibid.

5.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Newburn, in the

County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

6.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townlhip of Heaton, in the Parilh of Leek, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

7.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Ripon, in the County

of Tork.	Ibid.

8.	An Adt for vetting feveral MelTuages, Lands and Hereditaments

belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edward §the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Truftees to be fold 5 and for applying the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be fettled upon the Trulls on which fuch MelTuages, Lands and Hereditaments are held.	830

9.	An Adt for confirming and eficdtuating a Partition of a Melhi-

age* Farm and Lands, called Wejlbourn, otherwife Wejlbury Farm, in the Parilhes of Paddington, Kenfmgton and Chelfea, or fome or one of them, in the County of Middlefex, in which the Very Reverend William Beaumont Bujby Dodtorin Divinity, and William Hervey Efquire, have undivided Moieties.	Ibid.

10.	An Adt for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Ecchinfwell, and

efpecially within the Tything of Eajl Woodhay, otherwise Wydhey, in the County of Southampton	Page	830

11.	An Adt to commute for a Com Rent the Tithes and Dues pay-

able to the Vicar of the Parilh and Parilh Church of Saint Michael upon Wyrc% in the County Palatine of Lancafier.	Ibid.

12. An

(Private, printed,) 56° GEO, III.

12.	An Ad for effeding an Exchange of an Eftate devifed by the Will of the Reverend Henry Zoucb for an Eftate belonging to J$bn Lo*wtber Efquire, in Fee Simple.	Page	830

Jj. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates in the Parilh of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Eftates devifed by the Will of Chrif-topber late Lord Bifhop of Brijlol, in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the Money arifing by fuck Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

14.	An Ad for veiling Parts of the fettled. Eftates of Samuel Alder-fey Efquire, in the County of Chejier9 in a Truftee, to be fold ; and for purchafing other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. Ibid.

15.	An Ad for incloling Lands in the Townlhip of Borwiek and Parilh of IVarton, in the County Palatine of Lancajler. Ibid.

16.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Hamlet of Alton9 in the

Parifh of Rock, in the County of Worcefler.	Ibid.

17.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Wellington, in the

County of Somerfet.	821

18.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of AJkrigg, in the

Parilh of Aifgarth and County of York.	Ibid.

19.	An Ad for inclofing Land in the Hamlet of Homesfeld9 in the

Parilh of Dronficld9 in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

20.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Brie/lwiftle9 in the Parilh of Tbombill9 in the Weft Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

21.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Church Stretton9

Wijtanjlonv and Edgton9 in the County of Salop.	Ibid.

21. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor ana Parilh of Londefbo-rough t in the Eaft Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

23.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of WbiJlon9 in the

County of York.	Ibid.

24.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Stainland9 in the

Parilh ol Halifax 9 in the County of York.	Ibid.

25.	An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parilh of Saggart9 in the

County of Dublin.	Ibid.

26.	An Ad for inclofing Wefi Sedgmoor9 m the County of Somerfet.

Ibid.

27.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Feckenham9 in the

County of WorceRer.	832

28.	An Ad for felling certain Lands and Heritages in the Shire of

3eritfici9 entailed by Neil late Earl of Rofeberry9 deceafed, for Payment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Lands pur-chafed and entailed by him ; and for purchafing and entailing other Lands more convenient to die Family Eftates.	Ibid.

29.	An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will of Nathan Hyde Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, in Trull to be fold, and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sales in the Purchase of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fo fold.

Ibid.

30.	An Ad for making the Truftees of Prifca Coborn*s Charity a

Body Corporate, and for enabling them to fell Part of the Eftates belonging to the faid Charity, and to apply the Money arifing therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to errant Building Leafes of other Part of the Eftates belonging to the laid Charity, and to appoint new Truftees of fuch of the Copyhold Eftates belonging to the faid Charity as are not to be fold.	Ibid.

31.	An Ad for uniting the Redory of Great Birch9 in the County

xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of Effex, with the adjoining Reftory of Little Birch, in the fame County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice. Page 832

32.	An Aft for effefting an Exchange between the Dean and Chap-*

ter of the Cathedral Church of Worcefler, and John Knight Efquire, of certain Lands in the County of Worcejler.	Ibid.

33.	An A A for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Newafile under

Lyme, Trent bam, Wooljlanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid.

34.	An Aft for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the

Parifh of Dalham, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

35.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Manors, Townfhips or

Divifions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Panfh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of IVefimorland.	833

36.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sonning, in the

Counties of Berks and Oxford.	Ibid.

37.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Arujlley, in the

, County of Montgomery.	Ibid•

38.	An Aft for vetting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend

Henry Chatfield, in the Reftor for the time being of the Parifh of Balcombe in the County of Siffexi in Exchange for the Parfonage Houfe of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the faid Parifh ; and for enabling the faid Henry Chatfield to build a new Parfonage Houfe upon the firft mentioned Lands.	Ibid.

39.	An Aft for eftablifhing and effeftuating an Exchange made be-

tween the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve, Reftor of Middleton Stoney, in the County of Oxford, and the Mott Noble John Duke of Bedford, and George Bainbridge Efquire, of Glebe and other Lands m Middleton Stoney aforefaid.	Ibid.

40.	An Aft for rendering valid the Sale of certain Ettates in the County of Argyll, and a Salmon Fifhing in the County of Inter* nefs, of George Marquis of Tiveeddale, made under the Authority of an Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majetty.

Ibid.

41.	An Aft for vetting Part of the Settled Ettates of the Reverend

Sir} Charles John Anderfon Baronet, in the County of York, in Troftees to be fold | and for purchafing other Ettates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

42.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Corjham, in the

County of Wilts.	Ibid.

43.	An Aft for vetting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert

Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd, Infants, of and in certain fettled Ettates in the Parifhes of Charlton and Wool-nvich, in the County of Kent, in Truftees for Sale, and for in vetting the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafc of other Ettates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

44.	An Aft for vetting Part of the fettled Ettates of Sir Francis

Boynton Baronet, in Truttees, to be fold, and for applying the Produce in or towards the Difcharge of the Incumbrances on the faid Ettates.	834

45.	An Aft for effefting an Exchange of certain Settled Ettates of

John Wharton Efquire, for certain other Ettates belonging to him in Fee Simple, fituate in the Counties of fork, Weflmorland and Durham.	Ibid.

46.	An Aft for vetting in new Truftees the Truft Ettates devifed by

the Will of Philip	Burton Efquire, deceafed.	Ibid.

H

47*

(Private, not printed,) 56° GEO. III.

47.	An AA for vetting a certain Settled Eftate of Ann Sylvefier and offers, in WcRcott, over Weffcott and Nether IVeJlcotty in tht County of Ghucejter, in Truftees, to be fold for payine off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Eiiates to be fettled to tie fame Ufes.	Page	834

mu

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

48.	K N Aft to relieve the Right Honourable George Granville - Lcvefon Gower, commonly called Earl Gower, who waa ekfted to ferve in this prefent Parliament for the County of Stafford, from certaun Penalties and Difabilities, which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the Houfe of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Refpefts conformed to the Laws in fuch cafe made and provided.

49.	An Aft for dividing and inclofmg the Open Fields, logs, Commons and Wafte Lands, within the Manor of Houghton with Cqflle-ford% in the Pariih of Cajlleford, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

$0. An Aft for indofing certain Lands in the Pariih of Merton,' called Merton Common, in the County of Surrey*

51.	An Aft for amending an Aft ot His prelent Majefty, for iu-clofing Lands in the Parilhea of Cheddar, Priddy and Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somer/et.

52.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Larltng, in tht County of Norfolk.

53.	An Aft for making an Allotment or Allotments of Land, in lieu of Tithes and Common Rights, within the Pariih of Godding -ton, in the County of Oxford'.

54.	An Aft for inclofing. Lands in the Pariih of Cleator, in tht County of Cumberland.

55.	An Aft to dilfolve the Marriage of Sir George Hilar0 Bear low Baronet, Knight Grand Crofs of the jDrder of Bath, with Dame Elina, otherwife Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

56.	An Aft for inclofing Lauds in the Parilhes [of Downion and Brkford, in the County of Wilis,

57.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Townlhip of Morley, in tht Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

58.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Manor of Gilligate, in the Pariih of Saint Giles, m the County of Durham.

59.	An Aft for indofing a certain Common or Traft of Wafte Land, called Minith Wood, in the Pariih of Linridge, in the County of WoreeJUr.

60.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townlhip of Newton, in the Pariih of Clodock, in the County of Hereford.

61.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Saint Margaret, in the County of Hereford.

6a. An Aft for naturalizing David EngelharU 63. An Aft for fettling and fecuring the Lands and Eftates of WeRer Kisuaird, Drumnacarjf, Craigmtt/k, Portinfock, Balnaguard$ Bal-

navert

XXiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

1?

navert and Wejlcr and Eajler Logierait and Kittieebangie, and other Hereditaments in the County of Perth y to and in favour of John Duke of Atholly and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by John late Duke of Athol I, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the faid Deed, and in lieu thereof for veiling certain Parts of the Eftates entailed by the faid John late Duke of Atbolly lying in the faid County, in the faid John Duke of Atholly and his Heirs and Affigns, in Fee Simple.

64.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Townfhip and Manor of Hawkfwicky in the Parilh of Arncliffy in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

65.	An Aft for inclofmgLands in the Manor and Parilh of Allejlcyy in the County of Warwick.

66.	An Adi for inclofing Lands within the Townlhips of Buck-den and Starbottony in the Parilhes of Arnclijfe and Kettlewelly in the County of Tork.

67.	An Adi for fettling and fecuring the Lands of Dunduff and Kirkbridcy and other Hereditaments, in the County of Ayrf to and in favour of Thomas Kennedy, of Dunutey in the faid County, Efquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a Deed* of Entail and Nomination of Heirs made by Thomas Kennedy, fome time of Dunurcy Efqiiire, deceafed, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the faid Deed, and in lieu thereof, veiling certain Parts of the entailed Eftate of Dunurey in the faid County, in the faid Thomas Kennedy, now of Dunurey and his Heirs and Aflignees, in Fee Simple.

68.	An Aft for dividing and allotting in Severalty, Lands in the Parilh of Everleyt in the County of Wilts.

69.	An Aft for inclofing Lands 111 the Parilh of Crudwelly in the County of Wilts.

70.	An A ft for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parilhes, Townlhips or Liberties of Roade and AJhtony in the County of Not thampton, and for extinguilhing the Tithes thereof.

71.	An Adi for inclofing Black Lyne Common, in the Parilh of Bewcafile, in the County of Cumberland.

72.	An Adi for amending and rendering effedlual an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Harmondf-worthy in the County of Middle fete.

73.	An Aft for naturalizing Frederick Klein.

74.	An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of the Advowfon of the Church of the Parilh of Bagendony in the County of GlouceJlery belonging to Jofefh Pitt Efquire, for a Right which the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jefus College, within the City and Uni-verfity of Onfordy of the Foundation of Queen Elizabeth, have in the Nomination of a Curate to the Curacy of the Impropriate Reftory of Cheltenbamf in the faid County, alfo belonging to the faid Jo/eph Pitt.

75.	An Aft to difiolve the Marriage of Sir William Ahdy Baronet, with Dame Anne Ahdy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again, and for other rurpofes therein mentioned.

76.	An Aft to difTolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor, otherwife Eleanor, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Qumquagedmo Sexto.

•	A T the Parliament begun and holden at Wcjlminfler, the

• A\ Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in f	the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord r GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the c Faith ; And from thence continued, by feveral Prorogation8, to

*	the Firft Day of February 1816, being the Fourth SeiUon of the

*	Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland•

CAf. I.

An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, feveral Lavs relating to die Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain*

[26th February 1816.]

*	"fcTTHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws hereinafter men-

*	VV boned fhonld be revived and further continued Be it therefore eaafted by The King’s' Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent ot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin A3

for repeating the Duties on the Materials nfed in tnaking Spread Wmdouo Glafs and Crovon Glefs, and for granting other Duties in lint thereof; and for the better ColkBiOn the laid Doties ; as was by another Aft made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign aforefaid continued until the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and twelve; and by another Aft made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign aforefaid farther continued to the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another Aft made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforefaid further continued to the Firft Day of Augufi One thouland eight hundred and fourteen; and by another Aft made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign afbreftud further continued to the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, (hall be and the lame is hereby revived and farther continued, and {hall be, remain and continue m force from the (aid Firft Day of Jlugajl One thoufand eight hundred and fif-teen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that all and fingular the Duties thereby impofed and made payable fhall from the laid Firft Day of Augufi 56Gso.Ul.	B	One

So much of 49 G. 3. c. 63. as was continued br 51 G.3. c.69. § 46.

J2 G. 3. o 64.

5 I.

53 G. 3. c 109.

$ 1. and 54G.3.C.97. revived and further continued till March 25, 1818.

2

66° GEO. III.

A.D.18I6.

51 G.3. c.69. revived, and further continued till March 25,1818.

Aft altered, &c.

7 G. a. c. 18. revived, and further continued

till Much 25, 1817.

C.1, 2.

One thoufiuid eight hundred and fifteen, until the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, be payable, and be railed, levied, colleAed and paid, as direAed in and by the faid firft recited AA To heretofore continued as aforefaid, as if the fame had never expired.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That an A A made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repealing the Duty on the Materials ufed in making Flint and .Phial Glafs, and for granting9 until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an A8 faffed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majejlft Reign, intituled An A 8 for repealing the Dutiet on the Materials ufed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs > and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better Coir leSion of the faid Duties ; which was by an AA made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign aforefaid continued until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and by another A A made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforefaid further continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and four-teen 5 and by another A A made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforelaid further continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen ; (hall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, and (hall be, remain and continue in force from the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and that all and fingular the Duties thereby impofed and made payable (hall from the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, until the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, be payable, and be raifed, levied, colleAed and paid, as direAed in and by the faid AA as if the fame had never expired.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That this A A may be altered, varied or repealed by any AA or AAs to be pafTed in this prefent Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An AA to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, an AA of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

[26th February 1816.]

*	TT7HEREAS an AA was made in the Seventh Year of the

*	VV Reign of His late Majefty King George the iSecond, inti-

*	tilled An All for the Revival of an A8 made in the Thirteenth 1 Tear of the Reign of His late Majefty Kin? George the Firft9 inti•

*	tuled An AS for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time 4 therein limitedt and alfo for the free Importation of Indigo ; which

*	was to continue in force from the Twenty fourth Day of JuncOnt 4 thoufand fe ven hundred and thirty four, for the Term of Seven

*	Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Par-

*	liament; and which by feveral fubfequent AAs was further conti-

*	nued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of

*	March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas

A.D.1S16.

56° GEO. III.

*3

C.*, 8.

*	by an Ad palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty

*	ihefiadAd was revived from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March

*	One fiboafand eight hundred and fourteen* and continued in force

*	mtJ Nine Months after the Condufion of the then prefent War: 1 And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Ad fhould be again ‘mired and further continued;9 Be it therefore enalted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con* ieu of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons* in this prefeat Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame* That the laid Ad fhall from and after the Expiration thereof be remed, and the fame is hereby revived* and fhall continue in force untB the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

CAP. HI.

An Ad for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt*

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-Cons, Offices and Perfonal Eftates, in England: for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

[4th March 1816.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign*

4 THE, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s* the * Vf Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in Parliament afTembled, towards railing the neceiTary 4 Supplies to defray Your Majefty’s public Expences* have freely 1 and voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto Your Majefty* the 4 Rates, Duties and Impofitions hereinafter mentionedAnd do mofthasnbly beCeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it eoa&edbyThe King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in tins prefent Parliament afTembled* and by the Authority of the fame. That within and throughout that Part of Great z gk 3. e. j. Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon further con* Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which* in and by One Ad tinutd. of Partiament paged in the Firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign* intituled An A3far continuing and granting to His Majefty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry* for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and Jixty one, was granted or continued to His Majefty* until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand feren hundred and fixty two, and which by feveral fubfequent Alls has from time to time been granted and continued to His Majefty until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, fhall be further continued in like manner, and (hall be and n by this Ad charged for or upon all Malt which fhall be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ; and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and krenteen.

U. And be it further enaded, That within and throughout that Duties to be PatoS the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there fhaH paid in SeetUud1 berated, levied, colle&ed, paid and fatisfied, unto and for the Ufe for of Hu Majefty, hit Heirs and, Succcffors* for and upon all Malt*

.	*	B	2	'	the

4

C.S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

the Duty hereinafter mentioned, (that is to fay): For and upon • every Bulhel of Malt which at any time or times from and after ‘the Twenty third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fix-teen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, (hall be made of Barley or any other Com or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* by any Per-fon or Ferfons whatsoever (‘whether the fame (hall be or not De for Sale) the Sum of Three pence, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof refpedively.

Hew (he Duties III. And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral andrefpe&ive ™ M»It (hall be Duties by this Ad granted and continued refpedively, until the n ***	Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feven-

teen, (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, during the Time and Term aforefaid, by the fame Ways, Means and Methods, and by fuch Rules and Directions, and with fuch and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and with luch Power of Mitigation and other Powers, in all refpe&s, not otherwife directed by this Ad, as are prescribed, mentioned or exprefled in the faid former Ad, or in any other Ad or A6ts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued* or by any Former Ads in other A61 or Ads of Parliament now in force relating to the railing, force.	levying, collecting, fecurmg and managing fuch Duties ; and that the

fame Ad formerly made and palled, and the faid other ACts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the faid Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Claufe, Matter and Thing in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwife altered by this Ad, (hall be and continue in force and effed, to all Intents and Purposes, for raifmg, levying, collecting, feeuring and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Impofitions hereby granted and continued refpedively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and' Things during the Continuance of this Ad, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this prefent Ad ; Save as to com- lave and except as to fo much of the faid Ads or either of them, pounding for	herein	mentioned or referred unto, as gave	Power to the Commif-

D1*0*1,	fioners	of Excife, of to any other Perfon or	Perfons therein named,

in England and Scotland refpedively, to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the Duties of fuch Malt which (hould grow	i

due or payable from him, her or them, by the (aid Ads or either of 1 them; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-fUnding.

For raifing a « IV, And Whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this certainSurnof < prefent Ad, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thoufand lanTTand in " ‘ Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and cafe of Defi- * Expences of Management and Colledion, (hall be raifed out of that * aenev an addi-	‘ Part	of Great Britain called Scotland9 for	the Service of the Year

twnai Duly to	t One	thoufand eight hundred and fixteen,	by a Malt Tax to be

H tnd«•	< raifed and levied as in England\ by a Duty of Three pence per

4 Buihel on all Malt made and confumed in Scotland; and in caft

*	the faid Duty of Three pence per Buihel upon Matt to b* charged

•	*	4	in



56° GEO. III.

C.B.

25

'Royal Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punifliment of Death by in cafe* of Naval the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial on Condition of Tranfport- Court* Martial, arias or Imprifonment, or of being kept to hard Labour for Life, or	Wt#

for any Term of Years, it (hall and may be lawful, on a Communication of the Intention of His Majefty from the Lords Commiffioners of tbe Admiralty, or any Three or move of them, for One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State to notify to any Juftice of The Ring's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, fiich Intention of Mercy as aforefaid; whereupon the {aid Juftice or Baron (hall allow fuch Offender the Benefit of Inch conditional Pardon as (hall be expreifed in fuch Notification, in the fame manner as if a conditional Pardon to the fame Effed had paifrd under the Great Seal for that Purpofe ; and the laid Juftice or Baron, and all other Officers or Perfons whatfoever, are to make fuch Order or Orders, and to do and perform all fuch Ad or Ads for the carrying into effed the Punifliment mentioned in fuch conditional Pardon, as may be required by the faid Ads of the Thirty feventh and Fifty fifth Years of His faid Majefty, or by 37 0.3. c. 140. any other Ad or Ads which may be in force at the time when fuen § »—14. conditional Pardon (hall be granted for carrying into Execution any 55G- 2- c. 156* Sentence of Tianijportation or Imprifonment, or to be kept to hard Labour, palled at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in the United Kingdom ; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Conftables and other Penons, ikall be bound to obey fuch Order or Orders, and be affiftant in the Execution thereof, ana of all fuch Ad or Ads as aforefaid, and be liable to the fame Punilhment for Negled, Dif-obedience or Interruption of the fame, as they would be if the faid Offender had been convided by any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, and as if fuch Order and Orders had been made, and fuch Ad or Ads performed, or required to be performed in purfuance of fuch Conviction.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall and may be lawful for Offenders re-Hi* Majefty to caufe any Offender who may be in Prifon or Confine- moved from one meat after or under any Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or after ^>lace of Coa~ or under any conditional Pardon as aforefaid, to be removed from the	10 an*

Prifon or Place of Confinement in which he may at any time be, to fuch other fit and proper Prifon or Place of Confinement being a Public Gaol, Prifon, Hulk, Penitentiary Houfe or Houfe of Cor-redion, within the United Kingdom, as to His Majefty may feem expedient $ and any One of His Majefty's Principal Secretaries of State is hereby authorized and empowered to iffue a Warrant or other Inftrament under his Hand for fuch Removal, and for carrying into Execution fuch Part or Parts of fuch Sentence as may remain unexpired or unfatisfied, or for which His Majefty** Gracious Pardon may not have been granted; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper,

Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Conftables and other Perfons, (hall be bound to obey the aforefaid Warrant or Inftrument, be affiftant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Negled, Difobedience or Interruption of tbe Hunt, as if the (aid Perfon were under Sentence of a Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for fuch Imprifonment, as in the Uid Warrant may be ipecified-

III. And

56® GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

6

13 G. x. c. 30.

Aft to relate to the lame Day u Aft i G. 3. c. 3.

Malt brought from Scotland entered, if not then forfeited.

Entry.

Duty of Sixpence per BulheL

Malt forfeited, or Value thereof.

Allowance to Maltftera for

c.s:

fuch manner as direfted by an Aft pafled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled An AS for encouraging and promoting Ftfheries and other ManufaSuret and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enafted, That in all Cafes where the hereinbefore recited Aft of the Firft Year of his prefent Majefty’s Reign did relate to any Day or time within the Year which commenced from the Twenty third Day of June One thou-fand feven hundred and fixty one, this prefent Aft doth and (hall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the faid Twenty third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and iixteen.

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the Authority aforefaid,

That all Malt made in Scotland not to be confumed there, which at any time or times between the Twenty third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and iixteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred aod feventeen, fhall be brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall, in cafe the fame (hall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the faid Duties of the Port where the fame (hall be fo brought into England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforefaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bu(hel for the Duties thereof (hall be paid to fuch Officer before landing thereof, unlefs a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the faid Duty of Three pence per Bufhel in Scotland; and if fuch Certificate be produced, then there (hall be paid no more than Three j pence per Bufhel, by virtue of this Aft, for fuch Malt fo brought into England; and in cafe the fame be brought by Land, fuch Malt (hall pais and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or	I

Carlifle, and there entered with the Officer for the faid Duties, in	I

fuch of the faid Towns by or through which fuch Malt (hall be fo carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bufhel for the fame (hall

be paid down in ready Money, unlefs fuch Certificate be produced as aforefaid; but upon producing thereof, then there (hall be paid no more than Three pence per Bufhel by virtue of this Aft, on pain of forfeiting all fuch Malt, or the Value thereof, as (hall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without fuch Entry or Payment of the Duties as aforefaid ; and in cafe any Malt made in Scotland (hall, during the faid Term, be found coming out of Scot-land, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all fuch Malt, or the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife for His Majefty's Ufe, One Moiety of the aforefaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King's Majefty, and the other Moiety thereof to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall ihform, feize or fue for the fame, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by fuch Ways, Means and Methods as any Pe-nalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Afts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Aftiort of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninfler, wherein no EfToign, Proteftion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VIII.	-And be it further enafted. That from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fix-

teen,

5S° GEO. III.

C.3.

1

teen, there UtaB be allowed to Maltfters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Com or Gnm which (hall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cafes where br Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an allowance of Thirty Quarters after the fame (hall be dried and made Eto Mah, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their (keeping, wetting or watering the fame, the faid Twenty Quarters (hall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the faid Thirty Quarters.

IX- And be it further eoa&ed. That if after the (hipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt fo (hipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, (hall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in erery fuch Cafe all the Malt which (hall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited, (that is to fay) One Moiety thereof to The King, and the other Moiety to the Perfon or Perfoas who (ball feize, inform or fue for the fame; and fuch Malt fo rdanded (ball and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cnftoms or Excife.

* X. And Whereas Maltfters and Makers of Malt for Exportation 4 do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Stecpings of Corn

*	or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Export-1 atioo, on or as foon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reafon 4 whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the

•	real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each

•	Steeping of fuch Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and

*	made ule of for Home Confumption,' though the fame has not been 4 charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Confumption 4 ought to be ;* Be it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen, aR and every Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, (hall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the fame (hall be on the Kiln, or after the fame (hall be taken off the Kiln, feparate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the fame (hall have been meafured by fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of fome Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and Jofing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Xl. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of- June One thoufand eight hundred and iixteen, all fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation (hall give Notice in Writing to fome Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or (hall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excife where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, (he or they (hall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that fuch Officer or Officers may attend the Meafuring of fuch Malt; and after fuch Malt has been meafured, the fame (nail be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or dk (hall be immediately locked up and fecured in fome Storehoufe or other Place belonging to fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefeice of the faid Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand

B 4	«gkt

Oram mads imp Malt.

Malt Slipped for Exportation aud reminded forfeited, and treble Value.

Steeping! of Mali for Exportation kept ferrate till meafured.

Penalty.

Notice to Officer* for taking Malt off Kilns.

Penalty.

Clandeftinely opening JLocka cf Storehoufe*.

es

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

How Monies iflTued out of Confolidated fund lepUced.

Exchequer Bills to bear Imereti If Provifion not made for Pay* meat before Aprils, 1818.

49O. 3.CI7. further continued.

C. 7,8.

Audi not be granted before the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand

X1 : hundred and eighteen, then all the faid Exchequer Bills with the ges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and are heneby charged and chargeable upon fuch Monies as at any time or times at or after fuch Period fhall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the faid Confolidated Fund (except fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund as (hall then be appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in that behalf); and fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund (hall aad may be iiTued and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeer-tained, for and towards paying off, canceling and difeharging fuch Exchequer Bills and Charges until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled and difeharged, at Money fufficient for that Purpofe be kept and referved in die Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpe&ive Proprietors thereof.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That whatever Monies (hall be fo iffued out of the faid Confolidated Fund (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Intereft (hall *be payable or paid upon or in refped of the faid Exchequer Bills : Provided always, that in cafe Provifion (hall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the faid Exchequer Bills, fo that the fame (hall be fully paid and difeharged on or before the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, then and in luch cafe the faid Exchequer Bills, or fuch Part thereof as (hall then remain unpaid, (hall, from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, bear Intereft at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Sniffings per Centum per Annum ; and fuch Intereft is hereby made chargeable and charged upon, and (hall be borne and paid by and out of the fame Fund as the Principal Money payable in refped of the faid Exchequer Bills is by this Ad charged and chargeable upon; any thing in this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

CAP- VIII.

An A ft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

[22d March 1816.3

*	YT7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring,

*	VY and fit to be continuedBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with die Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to authorize Hit Majefty during the prefent War to make Regulations refpeBing the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty fifth Day

of

56° GEO. III.

C. 8,9.

of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, by ah A& of the 'Fifty fourth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, (hall be and the fame if [54 0.3.

til the Fifth Day of July One thouland 182.]

An ASt for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Paftage Veffels entering or departing any ot the Ports of Great Britain.	[22d	March	1816.3

*	TT 7" HE REAS it is expedient that a Tonnage Duty fliould be

*	VV impofed upon French Packets or Paftage Veffels, on their

*	entering and departing any of the Ports of Great Britain, equiva-

*	lent to the Duty now payable on Britifh Packets or Paftage 4 Veffels entering and departing the Ports of France;* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of die fame. That, from and after the palling of this A&, Frtnck Padm, there (hall be raifed, collected, levied and paid unto His Majefty, his t0 W ^ Heirs and Succeffors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the Rate of

Three Shillings and Six pence of good and lawful Money of Great

Britain for each and every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Paftage

Veffel belonging to the Subje&s of His Moft Chriflian Majefty,

which (hall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or

take in or fet on Shore any Paffengers in any Port, Creek, Harbour

or Road of Great Britain, and that the Tonnage of every fuch Veffel

fhaH, in cafe of Doubt or Difpute as to the lame, be ascertained

hr the proper Officers of the Cuftoms by Admeafurement, in manner

duelled by an Ad paffed in the Twenty ffxth Year of the Reign of »6 G. 3.* to.

His prelent Majefty, intituled tin A8 for the further Encouragement

and Encreafe of Shipping and Navigation•

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for Packets not pty-any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, to Hop and detain ing Duty detaiu-any Packet or Paftage Veffel liable to the Payment of the faid Duty, edand foW* until the fame is paid as aforefaid; and in cafe Payment thereof (hall

not be made for the Space of Thirty Days after the Arrival of fuch Veflel at any fuch Port, Creek, Harbour or Road in this Kingdom, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively, or any Three or more of them, to caufe fuch Packet or Paffage Veffel, and her Mails, Apparel and Furniture, to be fold publicly to the bell Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, firft to the Charges that lhall arife by fuch Detention and Sale, next to the faid Duty impofed by this A&, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of fuch Packet or Paftage Veffel or other Perfon duly authorized by fuch Proprietor to receive the fame.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Tonnage Duty hereby Duty under impofed lhall be paid into the Hands of the proper Officers of Hit Comnuffioo^i Mwefty’s Cuftoms at the refpe&ive Ports or Places where fuch Duty °* bottom*.

(bill become due and payable; and fuch Duty lhall be under the Mamgexnent of the Commiffioners of HU Majefty's Cuftoms in

JSs/W and Scotland refpe&ively.

CAP. IX.

IV. And

20

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1*16.

39G.3. c .5.

38 G. 3. c.6o.

3$ <*.3. c.3.

£3.

*	Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, it was 4 enaded, that the feveral Duties impofed on Sugar by Three Ads

*	of the Twenty feventh, Thirty fourth, and Tnirty feventh Years 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, on Malt, by an Ad made 4 in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 and the Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Ad made

*	in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 fhould continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine and no longer, but 4 fhould from thenceforth ceafe and determine, unlefs tne fame 4 fhould be fpedally continued by Parliament, which faid feveral 4 Duties were by an Ad made and paffed in the Thirty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for cow-4 tinning and granting to Hie Majefty a Duty on Penftonr, Officer and 4 Perfonal EJlates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick 4 upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and 4 Snuff, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and 4 ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thoufand eight hundred, and which, by feveral fub-

*	fequent Ads, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven: [And Whereas

*	by the faid Ad paffed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for making terpetual, fuljeB 4 to Redemption and Purcbafe in the manner therein Jiated, the feveral 4 Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for 4 One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven 4 hundred and ninety eight, it lfras enaded, that the feveral Duties

*	impofed on Sugar by Three Ads of the Twenty feventh. Thirty 4 fourth, and Tnirty feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, on Malt, by an Ad made in the Twenty feventh Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and the Duties of Excife 4 on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Ad made in the Twenty ninth Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fhould continue in force until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and 4 ninety nine and no longer, but fhould from thenceforth ceafe and 4 determine, unlefs the fame fhould be fpecially continued by Par-4 liament, which faid feveral Duties were by an Ad made and 4 paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An A3 for continuing and granting to His 4 Majefty a Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates, in England, 4 Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties 4 on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Tear 4 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until

*	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred, 4 and which, by feveral fubfeauent Ads, were further continued 4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred

*	and eleven:] (a) And Whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad ‘ f°r, repealing be feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great

*	Britain, and for granting other Duties in Ben thereof; and by one

*	other Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign, of His ‘ prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms

(a) [The Part of this Sedion in Brackets appears to be a Repetition of the former Part, but it is Jo on the ko!U]

4 payable

huD.1816.

56° GEO. I1L

C.S.

it

axitady eight* and all and every their Clerks* Agents* Secondaries* SMkata and other inferior Minifters whatfoever, (fuch Military Officers who are or (hall be in Mufter by the Mufter Mailer General of His Majefty** Army* or in Pay in His Majefty** Army or Navy B/vfped of loch Offices only excepted*) (hall yield and pay unto His Majefty any Sam not exceeding the Sum at which fuch Office or Employment was afieiTed in the Year commencing from the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight* by virtue of the laid A d pa fled in the Thirty eighth Year 3g Q ol the Reign of His prefect Majefty* intituled An AS for granting	’

an Aid to Hit Mayfly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain* for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight; and that ail and every Perfon and Perfons* Guilds and Fraternities* Bodies Politic and Corporate* having an Annuity, Penfion*

Stipend or other yearly Payment* either out of the Receipt of His Majefty** Exchequer in England* or out of any Branch of His Majefty9* Revenue in Great Britain* or payable or fecured to be paid by any Perfon or Perfona whatfoever in Great Britain* (not bang or iffuing oat of any Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included ip any Afleflxnent made upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Ad, pa&d ia the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma/efty, intituled An AS for granting an Aid to Hit Majefty by 380.1	»

a Lend Tax to he raifed in Great Britain* for the Service of the Tear 'C One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight* and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which* by any Ad or Ads of Parliament made « to be made are or (ball be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids,) (haH yield and pay .unto His Majefty the Sum of Your Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every fuch Annuity* Penfion* Stipend or yearly Payment refped-ireJy, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the faid feveral Kibes and Sums of Money hereby granted to be afieiTed* impeded, levied and coUeded, in fuch manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enaded* That for the better affeffing, Commiffionen ordering, levying and colieding of the feveral Sums of Money lo of Land Tax as M aforefdd united and appointed to be raifed and paid in the appointed. doceCud Part of Great Britain* called England* IValet and Bcr-wick upon Tweed* in refped of Perfonal Eftates* and in refped of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities* Penfions* Stipends sod other yearly Payments* and for the more effedual putting this Ad in Execution* in reference to the fame* all and every the Period and Perfons who* in and by an Ad of Parliament made and paffcd in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty*s Reign* intituled ^	^	^	l9o.

An A8 for appointing Commijfionert for carrying into Execution a Ad if this Seffion of Parliament* for granting to Hit Majefty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England* and an AS made in the Thirty eighth Tear of Hit prefent Majefty* for granting an Aid to Hie Majefty by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain* for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight; or m and by one other Ad made in the Fifty , fifth Year of the 55 G.3* c. ijo* Reign of His prefent Majefty* intituled An AS for reSifying Mif-idu’m the Names of the Land Tax Commiffioners* and for appointing ditma! Commiffionert* and indemnifying fuch Perfons as have aSed aidoutiue Authority in the Execution of the ASs.therein reciteds

S&GEQ.I1I.

A.D.1S1I

19

S8G.3.C.J.

To be Comfuf-fionen for ibis Ad.

Meetings of Commilfiooert.

Comoniifiontrs Co infped Af-fefimenu made hj virtue of J* O.J. c.5.

Schedule delivered,

as.

vert named and appointed Conupifioneva for putting in E» cution the fome Act* within the fcverai Counties, Ridings, Okie Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifion* and Placet of JZmglanc Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy duly qualifying them Selves according to the faid AA pafied in the Thirty eighth Yea of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, intituled An A& for granting am Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax to be rai/ed in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred sued msnetj eighty in that Behalf, (hall be Coxnmiffioners for putting in Execution this prefent Ad, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Confbblewicks, Divifioat, Allot-iqents and Places, fituate within the fame Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifion* and Plaoes rufpeSkively.

XX. And be it further ena&ed. That the feverai Commiflioners laR aforefaid (hall meet together at the moft ufuai and common Places of Meeting within their refpe&iv* Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards and other Divifions refpe&ively, within J£nglandt Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy within which they are appointed Commiffioners, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thou-fond eight hundred and fixteen, and iiaU meet afterwards in like manner as often as R (haft be necefiaxy, for putting £0 much of this AA in Execution as is hereby committed to their Cane and Charge; and the faid Commiffioners, or*fo many of them as foatt be potent at fiich Meeting or Meetings, or the major Past of them, are hereby authorized and required to in£pe& and examine the Afieffimenta made

K' ’ tue of the raid recited Aft, made in the Thirty eighth Year lid, for the Year ending oq the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, sad afcertain the fcveral apd refpe&jve Sums of Money charmed by virtue of the foid hit mentioned Ad, in every Parifh, Con&bkwick, Divifion, AHotment or Place, for or in raped of any Efiate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Perfonai Eftate, and alfo for or in refped of any Offices or Employments of Profit, ApauRies, Penfioas or Stipends os afbsefaad, by any Afleflment made for die faid Year ending on the faidTwenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fixteen, and (eparate, divide and fet down in Writing the Amount of the fevered and vefpe&ive Sums charged upon Eftates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares sad Merchandize, Chattels or other Perfonai Eftate, and alfo the £evend and refpedive Sums charged in re£pe& of any Offices pr Employments of Profit, Annuities, reafiona or Stipends as aforefaid, from the Monies charged in fiich Parifhts, Confiablcwicks, Dirifions, Allot-xnenu or Pieces by virtue of the foid laft mentioned A ft, upon Lands, TenemenU or Hereditaments; and the foid Commiffioners are hereby required to deliver or caufe to be delivered a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fipiy written, containing the whole Sum afieffed on each Pariih, Confis-blewick, Divifion, Allotment or Place, where any Afieffmeat ihatl have been made upon Perfonai Eftates, or in refpcA of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penltous or Stipends, sad alfo thp Ctyrifivm Names and Surnames of the nefpedive Affeffors and CoHe&oca under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place refpe&ivdy, where fiich Affilfaieats fail have been made, or bis Deputy, ana (hail Xranfink or caufe to be

tranfmitted

A.D.V816.

U©0 GEO. III.

C.S.

IS

Penalties imported by laid Ad to extend to Ad.

it ike Schedule or Duplicate into The King's Remem- and rranfmkud Irma's Office of the Exchequer, and thk the Connnjlionerft (hall fo Klln/s RT ads to be done ox or before the Tenth Day of May One thou- ”^^*ncer * U etgk haodred and fixteo, for which Duplicates the Receiver m3 Remembrancer, or their refpeftive Deputies, doll give to the Mm mho brings the fame a Receipt m Writing, gratis, under dr Penalty of Ten Potshds, to be recovered to The Ring’s Ufe as Penalty, ether Penalties are by thin Ad recoverable.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every Places in whLH ParHh or Place in whiclt any AffcfTment (hsdl have been or (hall be Aireifmentg are made, under and by virtue of the Dud laft recited Aft, on any Per- ®*dc d,lchar*ed* foe or Perfons in refpeft of any Offices or Employments of Profit,

Aanekki, Fenfions or Stipends, by any AfleflVnent for the Tear ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred sad ixteen, (hall, from and after that time be wholly discharged from fo much of the Sums to be levied upon fuch Parifh or Place, according to the Proportions eftabHfhed tinder the faid recited Aft.

XXII. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Powers,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Ckufes, Matters and Things, which in and by the (aid Aft pafied in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of Hit prefeat Majefty, intituled An AB for granting an Aid to His Mobpy by a Load Tax to he raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thoufand ftyen hundred and ninety eighty are provided aad eftabfiffied for ascertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the Rates and Afieffinents granted by the End laft mentioned Aft; and which by the faid other Aft paflTed * ia the feme Thirty eighth Year aforefeid, intituled An AS for Mai-perpetual, fahjeB to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner durum fated, the fever A Sums of Money now charged in Great Britan, as a Land Ton for One Year, from the Twentyfifth Day of March Out thoufand feveu hundred and ninety eighty are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and AfTeffments charged on Lamb, Tenements and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchafe thereof ffiaB be praftifed, ufed and put in Execution in and for the afceitaming, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the faid laft mentioned Rates, AftefTments and Sams of Mooey to be charged, affeffed and levied by virtue of this Aft, as refpeft of Perfonal Eftates, and in refpeft of Offices or Employments of Profit^ and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and othft Yearly Payments, at folly and efteftuatly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rule?, Penalties and Forfeitures, daufes. Matters and Things were particularly repeated and reenafted in this Aft.	*

4 XXIII. Whereas by an Aft paflTed in the Thirty eighth Year 38 0.3. c.5.

*	of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, intituled An AB for gram- § *•

1 mg an Aid to His Majefty hy a Land Tax to be raifed in Great

4 Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand /even hundred

*	and ninety eight, the Town and County of the Town of Ntw-4 caftk upon Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thoufand five < hawked and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, Past 1 abated hat Been raifed and charged on the Duty hereinafter trrrn-

4 tuned; And Whereas by Two Afts, one thereof paflTed in the 39 G. 3. c. .

4 Thirty math Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, Inti-‘ttod* AM to dtoahh thb Loads Gtmudghndrt of the Treafury to

4 contrast

14

C.S.

56® GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Commiffioners of Land Tax for Newcaftle upon Tyne to certify what Sums have been charged on the Duty on Coals.

Where Deficiencies arife new Afleflineuts ftiall be made, s

*	contraS with the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the 4 abfolute Purehafe oj the Property of the feud Duket and all othere 4 interefiedt in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Cbaldrtn on Coals 4 flipped in the River Tyne, to be confumed in England, and to grant 4 a Compenfation for thefame byway of Annuity, payable outef the Con-‘ folidated Fund; and the other thereof paffed in the Thirty ninth and 4 Fortieth Years of the Reign of His laid Majefty, intituled An A3 4 to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commiffioners of 4 His Majefiy's Treafury and the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Rich*

*	mond, in purfuance of an A3 paffed in the Thirty ninth Tear of His 4 prefent Majefly, intituled An A3 to enable the Lords Commiffioners 4 of the Treafury to contraS with the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of 4 Richmond for the abfolute Purehafe of the Property of the faid 4 Dukcf and all others interejled, in a certain Duty of Twelve pence 4 per Chaldron on Coals Jhipped in the River Tyne, to be confumed in 4 England, and to grant a Compenfation for the fame by way of 4 Annuity, payable out of the Confolidated Fund; and by virtue of 4 the Agreement therein recited, the faid Duty, from and after the

*	Twenty fecond Day of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and ( ninety nine, was vefted in and made payable to Hia Majefty, his

*	Heirs and Succeftors, and the fame hath ever fince been col-

*	leded with and paid as the other Duties of Cuftoms have been 4 collected and paid; and it is therefore juft that the faid Town

*	and County of the (aid Town, fhould from the above Period be

*	exonerated and difoharged from the Amount annually charged on 4 the faid Duty as aforelaid s’ Be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the (aid Two laft recited Ads mentioned fince the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the faid Two laft recited Ada, and the Agreement therein mentioned $ and the faid Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power by their Difcretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, to difeharge or caufe to be difeharged fo much of the faid Sum of Two thouland five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, as fhall appear to them to nave been charged on the faid Duty, fince the faid Twenty fecond Day of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine; and the faid Sums mall or may be difeharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the faid Town and County, and fhall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the faid Town and County fhall be acquitted againft His Majefty, his •Heirs and Succeftors, for the Payment of fuch Sums fo difeharged or ordered to be difeharged, by the Barons of the faid Exchequer, as. well for the Afteftments heretofore made as for all Afteftments hereafter to be made; any thing in the faid firft recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Proportions fet by this Ad upon all and every the refpedive Parifhes, Confta-blewicks, Divifions, Allotments, and places in England, IVales and Berwick upon Tweedy in refped of any fuch Perfonal Eftste as afore* faid, fhall not be fully aftefted, levied and paid, according to the Srue Meaning thereof, or if any of the fai4 AffcflwnW* in refppd

A.D.1B16.

56° GEO. III.

C.3.

15

of fuch Perfonal Eftate, fhall be fated or irapofcd upon any Perfon

not being of Ability to pay the fame, or that through any Wilful*

nefs, Negled, Miftake or Accident, the faid Afleflment charged in

each Panfh or Place as aforefaid by virtue of this Ad, happens not

to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in

this Ad is direded ; that then and in all and every luch Cafe or Cnmmiflwner*

Cafes, the feveral and refpedive Commiflioners, Aflcfiors and Col* t * sfTefs and re-

ledors, ading in the Execution of this Ad in relation to the faid a?ef[tflKhSum#

Duties on Perfonal E dates, and the faid la ft mentioned Duties in of oney’

refjped of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pen fi on a,

Stipends and other yearly Payments, and every of them refpedively, are hereby authorized and required to aflefs and reaftefs, or caufe to be aflefied and reaflefled, levied and paid all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money upon the refpedive Parifhes or Places wherein fuch Deficients (hall happen, as to fuch Commiffioners, or fuch Number of them as by this Ad are authorized to caufe the faid Firft AffeiT-znent hereby required to be made, (hall feem moft agreeable to Equity and Juftice ; the faid new Afleflment to be made, colleded and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as in this Ad or any Ad hereby referred to is declared and direded for other AflefTments.

XXV.	And in order to afcertain more particularly the Mode of perfons to b« afteffing and rating the feveral Perfons who (hall be charged with rated where any Rate or Afleflment in refped of any Eftates in ready Money, refidcnt.

Debts, or Perfonal Eftate in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed; Be it further enacted. That every Perfon who is or (hall be rated for or in refped of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her anyways belonging, (hall be rated at fuch Place where he or (he (hall be refi. dent at the Time of the Execution of this Ad; and all Perfons not being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, fhall be taxed at the Place where they fhall be refident at the time of the Execution of this Ad; and it any Perfon who ought to be taxed in England\ Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this Ad, for or in refped of his or her Perfonal Eftate, fhall, at the time of his or her Afleflment, be out of the Realm, fuch Perfon fhall be rated therefore in fuch Parifh, Con liable wick, Divifion, Allotment or Place where he or fhe were laft abiding within this Realm.

XXVI.	Provided always. That where any Perfon fhall have any perfonal Eftate Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Perfonal Eftate, in any to be aflefled Parifh or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Conflablewicks, Divifion or where it ftiall Divifions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parifh, Conftablewick, Divifion, Allotment or Place where he eife^h°ere? e* or fhe fhall be refident, or had his or her Refidence, it fhall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty fourth Day of Augujl One thoufand .eight hundred and fixteen, to rate and aflefs fuch Perfon for fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Perfonal Eftate, in any Parifli or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Conflablewicks, Divifion or Divifions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame (hall be:	Provided	alfo, that if any Perfon or Perfons by rea- Double Charge*.

Ton of his, her or their having feveral Manfion Houfes, or Places of Refidence, or otherwife, (hall be doubly charged for any Perfonal I: Hate by occafion of this Ad, then upon Certificate made by any Certificate.

Two or more of fuch Commiflioners for the County, Riding*, City or Place, of his, her or their laft Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or

them.

56" GEO. III.

U

No Fee.

Oath of Certificate.

Difcharge.

Provifo for Perfonal Eft ate in Scotland, See.

Fraud on Taxation.

Treble Charge. Into Exchequer.

Houfekeepen not giving an Account of their Lodgers.

Penalty.

Members of Parliament to be rated at their Manfion Houfes.

Penalty.

c.a.

A.b.i&ie.

them, (which Certificate the fiud Comfniltiotien are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee or Reward,) and upori Oath made of fuch Certificate before any ’two fuch Commiffioners who have Authority to put this Aft in Execution for the County, Riding, City or Place where the fak$ Certificate (hall be made, (which Oath fuch Com-miffioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter,) then the Perfon or Perfons fo doubly charged fhall, for fo much as fhall be certified, be difeharged in every other Parifh, Cohftablewlck, Divifion, Allotment or Place in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed.

XXVII.	Provided sllfo, That this Aft fhall ttot extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jerfey or Guemfey, for a {Telling any fuch Perfonal Eft ate which they, or any to their Ufe, have Within thofe Places, for or towards the faid Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parifh or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Conftable-wicks, bivifion ot Divifiona, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales atid Berwick upon Tweed, at aforefaid ; and if any Perfon that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Aft, for or in refpeft of his or her Perfonal Eftate, fltall, by changing his or her Place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, efcape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the Commifliohers, or any Two ot more of them, at any time within One Year next after fuch Tax made, every Perfon that fhall fo efcape from the Taxation and Payment, (hall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of fo much as he or fhe fhould or ought to have been charged at by this Aft; the faid Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commiflioners before whom fudh Proof (hall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands and Hereditaments of fuch Perfons.

XXVIII.	And for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate intended to be charged by this Aft, be it further enafted, That every Houfeholder in JEngland, Wales ot Berwick upon Tweed, (hall, upon Demand of the Affeffors of the refpeftive Parifiies or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of fuch Perfons as {halt fqjoum or lodge in their refpeftive Houfes under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majefty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered m fuch manner as any other Penalty in this Aft mentioned (hail and may be levied and recovered.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this of* the fub-ftquent Seflion of Parliament, fhall abide within the Cities of London and Weftmin/ter, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the County of Middlefex, ftlall for or in refpeft of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Eftate or Perfons in refpeft thereof, during this or the next Seflion of Parliament, be afleflfed only in the Places where fuch Members have their Manfion Houfes or other Places where they mod ufuallv refide during the Intervals of Parliament; and in*cafe any Afleflor or Commiffioner fhall aflefs, or caufe to be afTefled, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they fhall forfeit^ to the Party aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, or upon the Cafe, together with full Cofts of Suit; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	Pro.

ii

S6a GEO. III.

17

C.S.

"XXX.	Provided always. That where any Perfon liable to be

rated a rdped of fucli Perfonal Eftate, and inhabiting within the CkjofLMuic, or any other City or Town Corporate in England\ Welts or Rematch upon Tweed, hath his Dwelling Houfe in one of the Pmfhea or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any one or more of the other Parifhes or Wards within the fame, that then fuch Perfon fhall be taxed, charged and defied for fuch his Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Pari(h or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elfewbere, within the faid City and Town Corporate.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and in other the Public Offices, upoe Requeft to them made by the refpeftive Afleffors, (hall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Penfions, Annuities, Stipends or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries and other Allowances, payable at the laid Receipt, or in the faid Public Offices, to any Commiffioner or Commiffioners, (Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Aft, for the better Guidance of the faid Afieflors in the charging of the fame; and that in all cafes where any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Aft, (hall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Public Office, or by any of His Majefly’s Receivers or Psyxnafters in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, the laid laft mentioned Tax or Payment, which in purfuance of this Aft (hall be charged for or in refpeft of fuch Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, fhall and may (in cafe of Nonpayment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the feme or cut of any Money which (hall be paid upon fuch Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaftion of the Rates aad Duties not otherwife paid as aforefaid; and the proper Officers in the faid Exchequer, and other the Public Offices afore* feid, (hall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and («upon Requeft) (hall give Copies of fuch Accounts to the proper Col* leftars of fuch Monies for the refpeftive Parifhes or Places where the faid Monies are affefTed by this Aft.

XXXII.	And . be it further enafted. That every Perfon in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or afleffed for his Office or Employment, fhall be rated and pay for his faid Office or Employment m the County, City or Place where the fame fhall be exercifed, although the Revenue or Profits arifing by fuch Office or Employment are payable elfewhere : Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regiflers, Clerks of the InroJments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, fhall be there affefTed to the find laft mentioned Duties for their refpeftive Offices, Salaries

other Profits, and not elfewhere; and the faid Maflers in Chancery for the Time being, and the faid Six Clerks and Regiflers for the Time bring, fhall be the Commiffioners for putting in Exe^ cation, sad fhall put in ^Execution this Aft with relation to the faftmentioaed Duties, within the feid Liberty, and exercife the 56 Gzo. III.	C	Powers

Inhabitants of Towns having Petfood Kftates mono or more Parifhes affefTed where they refide.

Officers of £*-chequer, See. to deliver LiAs of PcnHoni and Annuities wheu required.

Tax flopped out of Penfions, &&

Accounts thereof kept.

Officers to psy, where employ ed<

Officers in Chancery to ho affefTed in the Rolls Liberty.

C.s.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Offices executed by Deputy, the AfTefTment to be paid by him.

The Queen or Royal Family-Hot chargeable in refpeft of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain cafes.

Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends and Penfions, payable to any Officers in refpeft of their Offices, (hall be taxed and aflefled to the faid lad mentioned Duties where fuch Officers are rated and aflefled for their Offices, and not elfewhere; and that all other Penfions, Stipends and Annuities in Englandy Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy not charged upon Lands, (hall be charged and aflefled in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

4 XXXIII. And Whereas divers Offices and Employments of

*	Profit chargeable by this Aft are executed by Deputy, and the

*	principal Officers living in Places remote from the Divifion, Parifh 4 or Place where fuch Offices or Employments are taxable, the 4 Rates and Afleflments for fuch particular Offices and Employ-4 ments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty Be it therefore enafted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable J>y this Aft is or (hall be executed by Deputy, fuch Deputy (hall pay fuch AfTefTment as (hall be charged thereon, and deduft the fame out of the Profits of fuch Office or Employ, ment; and in cafe of Refufal or Nonpayment thereof, fuch Deputy (hall be liable to fuch Diftrefs as by this Aft is prefcribed a gain ft any Perfon having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein relpeftivety contained; and that there (hall be the like Remedies for the recovering the Monies aflefled upon any fuch Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fix, and for any fubfequent Year not yet Satisfied, in all Cafes where the Accounts of thofe Years, or any of them, are not other-wife cleared in the Exchequer.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That this Aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not charge or be con-ftrued to charge Her Majeftv the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in refpeft of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to Her faid Majefty, and to their faid Royal Highnefles, but that fuch Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and Her faid Majefty and their Royal Highnefles, and their Treafurers, Receivers General and Servants for the Time being, in refpeft of the fame, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions, and other Charges whatfoever: Provided alfo, that this Aft, or any of the feveral Claufes herein contained, (hall not extend to charge the Penfions of any Superannuated Commiffion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Moft Noble Order of the Garter j or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of Windfor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds granted by the late King Charles the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Iflc of Man ; or to charge the Penfions or Salaries of His Majefty’s Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed m col-lefting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any Public Roads, by reafon of their faid Offices or Employments, or any Salary arifing thereby.

4 XXXV. And Whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to c the Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales

4 are

A.D. 1816.

50° GEO. III.

C.S.

19

*	irr dargcahle to the Land Tax granted and made pefpetual as

*	aMid, and in feme cafes the Overplus of the faid Rents and

*	Renan* above fuch Tax, Repairs and other Charges, is to go in 4 Shires for the Maintenance of the laid Refidentiaries, which Snares

*	ae dfammfbed by the laid Land Tax It is hereby provided and eacted. That in loch cafes the faid Refidentiaries fhall not by this Ad, or any of the Clauies therein contained, be farther chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the faid Rents and Revenues, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further eroded, That nothing in tiro Ad contained fhall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to charge or to authorize the dedoding from or afteffing any Pterfon under any of the Provifions of this Ad, upon any Annuity, Pesfioa or Stipend, paid to fuch Perfon on account of his having been or aded as a Mmifter or Refident at any Foreign Court.

XXXVIL Provided always, and be it further eroded, That nothing herein contained in relation to the faid feveral Sums of Money charged as laft aferefaid on Penfions in nefped of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, or Annuities, Penfions, Stipends or other Annual Payments before described, fhall extend or be confined to extend to charge or to authorize the deduding from or afteffing any Perfon in any cafe in which the Salary, Wages, Fees, Perqtnfites or Gratuities payable in refped of fuch Office or Employ, ant of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Penfion, Stipend or other Annual Payment (hall have been fpecially exempted from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Ad of Parliament, or in any cafe in which any Salary, Wages or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which fhall be payable to Inch Perfon m refped of fuch Office or Employment, or of his having held any Inch Office or Employment, fhall by any Order of Hxs Majrftyin Comaol, or by any Warrant under His Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commiffioners of the Treafmy, have been direded to be paid Nett or without Dedudion, or m any cafe in which the Sums affefted on any fuch Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment fhall, by like Order of the Commiffioaers of the Treafury, rove been direded to be repaid or rennbatied to the Perfon affeffed out of any Part of the Public Revenue of Great Britain: Provided always, that the Authority far the Payment Nett or without Dedudion of the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty affefted

00	the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment aforefaid, fhall be refpedively certified by feme principal Officer in the Department to which fuch Officer or Employment belongs, to be fo paid Nett or without Dedudion, or to be repaid out of the faid Revenue.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further eroded. That no Stamp Doty fhall be charged or chargeable for any Receipts given hr any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Colled or for nyment of Money made by virtue of this Ad, any Statute to the roanry thereof notwithfiandiiig.

* XXXIX- And Whereas by the faid Ad pafted in the Thirty

*	ddah Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An

*	Mftrmaiimg perpctmeu9 fubyeS U Redemption and Pnrehafe infix 4 woman therein JLotcd, the feveral Some of Meney now (barged in

1 Great Britain, a* a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth

C 2	•	Day

Penfions to Per-font who hsve s&ed as Mini-fters or Refi-dents at Foreign Couits not liable.

Duties not to bs charged on Peo-fions,&c. fpecially exempted.

Receipt not chargeable with Stamp Duty.

The Duties oo Sugar, Malt and Tobacco, to be further continued.

38 G. g.c.60.

20

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

3$G. 3. c .5.

38 G. 3. c.6o.

39G.3. c.3.

C.8.

4 Day of March One thou fond feven hundred and ninety eight* it w»

*	enaded* that the feveral Duties impofed on Sugar by Three Ads 4 of the Twenty feventh* Thirty fourth* and Thirty feventh Years 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, on Malt* by an Ad made 4 in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty*

4 and the Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff* by an Ad made 4 in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty*

4 (hould continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine and no longer* but 4 (hould from thenceforth ceafe and determine* unlefs the fame

*	(hould be fpedally continued by Parliament* which faid feveral 4 Duties were by an Ad made and paffed in the Thirty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty* intituled An A3 for con-4 tinning and granting to Hie Majefty a Duty on Penfions, Offices and 4 Perfoual EJiates, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick 4 upon Tweed* and certain Duties on Sugar* Malty Tobacco and 4 Snuffy for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and 4 ninety ninef further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of

*	March One thoufand eight hundred* and which* by feveral fub-4 fequent Ads* were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day

*	of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven 2 [And Whereaa 4 by the faid Ad paffed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of

*	His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for making terfetualy fubjeS 4 to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner therein Jtatedy the feveral 4 Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain* as a Land Tax for 4 One Tear9 from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven 4 hundred and ninety eighty it £as enaded* that the feveral Duties

*	impofed on Sugar by Three Ads of the Twenty feventh* Thirty

*	fourth, and Thirty feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty* on Malt* by an Ad made in the Twenty feventh Year ‘ of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and the Duties of Excife 4 on Tobacco and Snuff* by an Ad made in the Twenty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty* (hould continue in force until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and 4 ninety nine and no longer* but (hould from thenceforth ceafe and 4 determine* unlefs the fame (hould be fpecially continued by Par-4 liament* which faid feveral Duties were by an Ad made and 4 paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An A3 for continuing and granting to His 4 Majejly a Duty on Penfions9 Offices and Perfonal Eftates, in England*

*	Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties 4 on Sugary Malty Tobacco and Snuff /or t t Service of the Tear 4 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine9 further continued until

*	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred* 4 and which* by feveral fubfequent Ads* were further continued 4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundired

*	and eleven:] (a) And Whereas by an Ad palled in the Forty 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty* intituled An A3 4 for repealing the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great

*	Britain* and for granting other Duties in Ben thereof; and by one 4 other Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign, of His 4 prefent Majefty* intituled An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms

(a) [The Part of this SeSion in Brackets appears to be a Repetition of the former Part% but it is Jo on the Roll* J

4	payable

A.D. 1816.

56° geo. nr.

C.S.

*1

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into Great

*	Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter 9 granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading 9 to the Eaft Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and 9 to e/kabRfb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue 9 on Goods Jo imported ; and to alter the Periods for making up and 9 prefentiug certain Accounts of the laid Company to Parliament; to 9 continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight 9 hundred and nineteen ; the (aid feveral Duties on Sugar imported 4 from the Eafi Indies were repealed, and other Duties granted on

*	Sugar fo imported in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Ad

*	palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hisprefent Majefty,

9 intituled An AS to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great 9 Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the faid 9 Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and 9 Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco were repealed, and other 9 Duties granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas the faid Duties on 1 Sugar, and the faid Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together 9 with the laid Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were

*	further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One 9 thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ;* Be it further enacted. That the laid feveral Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the laid A As granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, (hall be and the fame are hereby federally and refpedively further continued from and after tbe Expiration of the Time limited as afbiefaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand right hundred and feventeen, and all tne Monies arifing thereby, which (hall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, fhall be entered Ceparate and diftind from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majefty.

XL. And be it further enaded, That there fhall be provided and 'kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s ' Exchequer One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that fhall be paid into the Exchequer for the faid Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff; and alfo the Rates and Afleffinents hereby granted on Perfonal E dates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Penfions, Annuities and Stipends, herein before mentioned, fhall be entered and regiftered apart and diftind from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majefty.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefly’s Treafury, at any time or times, to caufe or dired any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dire&ions as are directed and prescribed in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulating the tjfuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills •

XLII. And be it further enaded, That all and every the Claufes, Prorifees, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties,^ Forfeitures and Difabilitirs, contained in the (aid recited Ad, made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulating the tffmng and paying off of Exchequer Bills, fhall be

C 3	applied

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this Ad fhall he enters* fenarate from’ other Payments.

Diredins a Sum to be raifed by Commiflkmers of the Treafury.

Claufes, Sc. ia 48O.3. c. 1. (hall apply this Ad.

C.S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Exchequer Bills to bear lutereft.

Bank of Eng* land authorised to advance a certain Sum on the Credit of this A&.

Bills (hall be placed as Calh in the Exchequer;

and Hull he if-fuable thereout in common with other Monies.

Exchequer Bills to be charged upon the Rates and Duties granted by tliis

Aa.

applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in purfoance of thin Ad, a8 fully and effedtually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid feveral Claufes or Proviloes had been particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the body of this Ad.

XLIII. And be it further enaded. That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Ad (hall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum her Annum upon or in refped of the whole of the Monies refpeoively contained therein.

XLIV. And be it declared and further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Msyeity, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Ad, any Sum or Sums1 of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Ad made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Kin£ William and Queen Mary, intituled An AS for granting to tbetr MajeJUes feveral Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels* and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and for feeurmg certain Recompenses and Advantages in the faid AS mentioned, to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hundred tboujand Pounds towards carrying on the War again/l France, or in any fubfequeat Ad to tne contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLV. And it is hereby enaded, That the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury (hall, and they are hereby refpedively authorized and empowered to caufe fuch Bills as (hall be prepared by virtue of this Ad, to be placed as fo much Cafli in the refpe&iye Offices of the Tellers of the faid Receipt of Exchequer, each and eveiy of which Teller (hall be feverally charged with a Proportion of the faid Bills which (hall be fo placed in his Office refpedively; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And it is hereby alfo enaded and declared, That the find Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the laid Tellers (hall be locked up, and fecured as Ca(h, according to the Coorfe of the Exchequer, and (hall be taken and efteemed as fo much in Fart of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the laid Tellers (hall from time to time ftand charged in common with other the Monies in the (aid Exchequer, any Law or Uiage to the contrary notwkhftandmg; and that it .Shall be lawful for the find Comnuffioners of the Treafury to iffue and apply the fame from time to time to fuch Services as ffiall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland m this prefect Sdfion of Parliament.

. XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enadked, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Adi, together with the Interoft that may become due thereon, and*the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (hall be and the fame are hereby made changeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Aflbff* meats, granted by this Adi; and it (hall be lawful for the Commif-fioners of the Treafury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, to diredt to be ifTued to the fiud Paymasters by wav of Impreft, and upon Account, fuch Sums of Money, and at luck Periods as the fiud Comnuffioners Audi think necefiary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which (hall have been aside forth by virtue of this Aor any of thorn, and for and

15	towards

\sie.

56* GEO. Ill

C.3.

as

\ovtnii paying the Intereft to become due on the faid Bills, and for or towards the Charge of exchanging aad circulating the fame Bills or any of them.

XLVIII. And be it further ensured by the Authority aforefaid, That on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight ftsadred and (eventeen, or within Ten Days after, the Commiflioners o£ the Treafory, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Conuniffioneri of the Treafory for the rime bring, fhall caufe a true and perfect Account ia 'Writing, to be taken and attefted by the proper Officers, of the Amount of ail Exchequer Bills that (hall have been ifTued by virtue of this Ad, and how much thereof fhall before that time have been paid oIf or difeharged, and how much thereof fhall then remain tssadiJcbarged.

XL IX. And it is hereby enaded and declared by the Authority aJbce&id, That the Monies fo remaining unfatisfied or not difeharged, with the Intereft due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (hall be paid and fatisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fewstceo.

L And be it further enaded. That the Surplus of the Monies arxfing from the Rates, Duties and Afleflments, granted and impofed by tins Ad, after paying off and fatiafying all the Exchequer Bills ifiord by virtue of this Ad, together with the Intereft that may become doc thereon, aad the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (had, as the Surplus of any fuch Monies refpedively fhaU he pood into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund*

LI. Provided aUb, and it ia hereby enaded by the Authority nbrefud, That the had Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, (hall haw Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to aide of or for the laid Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Consolidated Fund, from time to time, the neceffary Charge* of wiring forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and fach other Charges as fhall be neceftarily mcideat, ia or for the Execution of this Ad, or any Part thereof, in* relation to the Aid Bills, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdaodiog.

LIL Provided always, and be it enaded by the Authority afojre-bid, That whatever Monies fhall he iffued out of the faid Con-bhdated Fuad fhall from rime to time be replaced by and out of the Fir# Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any thing ham eoatamed to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIU. Fisrided always, and he it enaded, That this Ad may be shard, varied or repealed by any Aft or Ads of this prefent Sefioaof Fidiament.

C 4

Account of Fx chequer bills to be Ukrn

Money due on Exchequer Bills to be p^id out of the next Aid*.

Surplus Monies to be curried to Confolidsted Fund.

The Treafury to allow out of the Confolidated Fund the neceffary Charges of making forth new Exchequer Bills;

and afterwards to be replaced

out of the Firft Supplies.

Alt altered, Itc.

CAP.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

24	.	C.4,5.

CAP. IV.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen. [4th March 1816.3 “ TREASURY may raife 11 fooo,oool. by Exchequer Bills, in “ manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. i.— § 1. The claufes, &c. in 44 recited Ad extended to this Ad, $ 2. Treafury to apply the 44 Money raifed, § 3. Exchequer Bills payable out of Supplies for 44 next Selfion, § 4. Intereft ${d.per Cent. per Diem, § 5. Ex-44 chequer Bills current at Exchequer after April 5, 1817. — $ 6. 44 Bank of England may advance p,000,000!. on Credit of Ad, 44 notwithftanding c & 6 W. & M. c. 20.—§ 7. Ad altered, 44 amended or repealed this Seflion, § 8.

C A P. V.

An Aft to extend the Powers of an Ad of the Thirty Seventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling His Majefty more effeftually to grant conditional Pardons to Perfons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprifon-ment under fuch Sentences.	[4th	March	1816.3

14 G. 3. Seff. a. « YTTHEREAS an Ad palled in the Twenty fourth Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for the 4 effeSual Tranjjportation of Felont and other Offenders, and to antbo-4 rive the Removal of Prifoners in certain cafes, and for other Pvr-4 pofes therein mentioned: And Whereas by another Ad palled in 37 G. 3. c. 14a 4 the Thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 4 intituled An A3 to enable His Majefty more eafily and effectually 4 to grant conditional Pardons to Perfons under Sentence by Naval 4 Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprifonment under fuch Sentences % 4 certain Provifions of the laid former Ad relating to the Tranf-4 portation of Offenders convided at Sefiions of Oyer and Terminer 4 and Gaol Delivery, were extended to the Tranfportation and Im-4 prifonment of Perfons Capitally convided before Courts Martial, 4 but to whom His Majefty (hould be gracioufly pleafed to grant a 4 Pardon on Condition of Transportation, or of Imprifonment, or 4 being kept to hard Labour: And Whereas by another Ad paffcd 55G.3. c. 156. *4 in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, inti* 4 tilled An A3 to amend the Law relating to the Tranfportation of 4 Offenders, to continue in force until the Firft Day of May One thou-4 /and eight hundred andjixteen, the faid Ad of the Twenty fourth 4 Year of His faid Ntojefty’s Reign has been repealed: And 4 Whereas Doubts have ariien whether the laid Ad of the Fifty 4 fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty may not have in 4 part repealed the faid Ad of the Thirty Seventh Year of His faid 4 Majefty’a ReignFor Removal whereof and in order to enlarge and extend the Provifions of the faid Ad of the Thirty Seventh Year of the Reign aforefaid as hereinafter mentioned, be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Benefits of con* Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That dhionil Pardon whenever His Majefty Audi be gracioully pleafed to extend His

Royal

A.TL1B1S.

56° GEO. III.

C. 5.

25

Rcrpl Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punifhment of Death by *« cafes of Naval the Sentence of a Naval Court Martial on Condition of Tranfport- Coum Martial, ados or Imprifonment, or of being kept to hard Labour for Lite, or E*ecutiOT for any Term of Year®, it (hall and may be lawful, on a Communication of the Intention of His Majefty from the Lords Commifiioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or mote of them, for One of His Majefty*s Principal Secretaries of State to notify to any Juftice of The King’s Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, fetch Intention of Mercy as aforefaid; whereupon the faid Juftice or Baron (hall allow fuch Offender the Benefit of fuch conditional Pardon as fhall be expreffed in fuch Notification, in the fame manner as if a conditional Pardon to the fame Effed had palled under the Great Seal for that Purpofe ; and the laid Juftice or Baron, and all other Officers or Perfons whatsoever, are to make fuch Order or Orders, and to do and perform all fuch Ad or Ada for the carrying into effed the Punifhment mentioned in fuch conditional Pardon, as may be required by the laid Ads of the Thirty feventh and Fifty fifth Years of His faid Majefty, or by ^ Q ^ c X4a any other Ad or Ads which may be in force at the time when fuen § *_14. conditional Pardon ffiall be granted for carrying into Execution any 550.3. c. 156. Sentence of Traniportation or Imprifonment, or to be kept to hard Labour, paffed at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in the United Kingdom ; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Conftables and other Perfons, fhall be bound to obey fuch Order or Orders, and be affiftant in the Execution thereof, and of all fuch Ad or Ads as aforefaid, and be liable to the fame Punifhment for Negled, Dif-obedience or Interruption of the fame, as they would be if the faid Offender bad been convided by any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, and as if fuch Order and Orders had been made, and fuch Ad or Ads performed, or required to be performed in purfnance of fuch Convidion.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for Offenders re. IBs Majefty to caufe any Offender who may be in Prifon or Confine- moved from ooe meat after or under any Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or after f*** Conor under any conditional Pardon as aforefaid, to be removed from the ^£ent t0 tn" Prifon or Place of Confinement in which he may at any time be, to fuch other fit and proper Prifon or Place of Confinement being a Public Gaol, Prifon, Hulk, Penitentiary Houfe or Houfe of Cor-redion, within the United Kingdom, as to His Majefty may feem expedient; and any One of His Majefty*s Principal Secretaries of State is hereby authorized and empowered to iffue a Warrant or other Inftrument under his Hand for fuch Removal, and for carrying into Execution fuch Part or Parts of fuch Sentence as may remain unexpired or unfatisfied, or for which His Majefty’* Gracious Pardon may not have been granted 3 and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper,

Governor or Superintendant, whom it may concern, and all Confta-bks and other Perfons, fhall be bound to obey the aforefaid Warrant or Inftrument, be affiftant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punifhment for Negled, Difobedience or Interruption of the feme, as if the laid Perfon were under Sentence of a Court of Ojer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for fuch Imprifonment, as in the (aid Warrant may be IjpecifiecU

III. And

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Pay of Offenders Hopped during lmprifocmtnr.

Allowance to Gaoler.

In cafes of Infinity Prifoners removed to Lunatic Afylum.

54 G.3.C.175. continued.

C.5,6.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That during the Imprifonment of any Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commit-honed Officer or Private of Royal Marines in any Gaol or Prifon, or other Place of Confinement in purfuance of any fuch Sentence of a Naval Court Martial, or under any conditional Pardon, or Order or Warrant for Removal as aforefaid, all Pay and Wages of fuch Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines (hall be fufpended and flopped, and the Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant, in whofe Cuftody fuch Officer, Petty Officer or Seaman, or Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private of Royal Marines may be, (hall receive and apply, in the Subfi(fence and Support of every fuch Pri-foner, an Allowance of fuch a Sum of Money per Diem as (hall at that time be appointed by any A& of Parliament for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, to be paid to any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or Houfe of Com&ion for the Subfiftence of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine committed into their Cuftody under fuch Ad, and which Allowance the faid Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being are hereby authorized and required to caufe to be paid by the Treafurer of the Navy or the Paymafter of Royal Marines^ as the cafe may be, to the faid Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant accordingly.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon, being in PrifoR or Confinement under any fuch Sentence, or by virtue of any fuch Warrant or Inftrusnent as aforefaid, (hall become infane, and (hall be certified by Two Phyficians or Surgeons to be infane, it (hall and may be lawful for One of the faid Secretaries of State to dire&, by a Warrant or Inftniment under his Hand, the Removal of fuch Perfon to fuch Lunatic Afylum, or other proper Receptacle for Infane Per-fons in the United Kingdom, as he may judge proper, for the unexpired Term of any luch Sentence or Imprifonment or Confine* ment; and if any fuch Perfon (hould be in the fame manner certified to be of found Mind, the Said Secretary of State may iffue a firaifar Warrant or Inftruxnent for his being removed to fuch Prifon or Place of Confinement as be my deem expedient.

CAP. VI.

An A£t to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thpufaiuj eight hundred and fix teen, an Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefer* Majefty, for explaining and ameoding Several A&s relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Refidence of fuch Perfons on their Benefices, in England.	[22d March	1816.]

4 IT 7 HERE AS au A& pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His urefent Majefty, intituled An A& to exploit 4 apd amend feveral Ads relating to Spiritual Perf oat holding of 4 Farms, and for enforcing the Ryidesue of fuch Per font an their Be-4 nefites, in England, for One Tear, and from thence until Sin IVuh 4 after the Meeting of the then next Seffion of Parliament, is near 4 expiring: And Whereas it is expedient that the laid A& (hould 4 be continuedBe it therefore ena&ed by the The King’s Mod

Excellent

56° GEO. III.

t?

C.6,7.

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament rambled, and by the Authority of the faibe. That the {aid Ad (hall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen.

CAP. VII.

An A£t to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and amend an A & of the ‘Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majdty, for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight.

[22d March 1816.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	YT^HEREAS an Ad oaffied in the Forty eighth Year of the

c V V	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for no-

*	powering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to

*	advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the

*	Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and eight:* And ‘ Whereas another Ad paffed in the lail Seffinn of Parliament to

*	continue and amend the faid recited Ad: And Whereas the Go*

*	veraor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have < agreed to continue the Loan of the faid Sum of Three Millions

*	advanced under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, until the

*	Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen,

« without Inter eft :> Now, therefore, We Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&t, the Commons of the Unked Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament affetnbled, do moft numbly befeeeh Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and wkh the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to continue the Advance and Loan to His Majefty made in pursuance of the laid firft recited Ad, upon the Credit of Exchequer Bills authorized to be iffued and iffued under the faid Ad, of the Sum of Three Millions without Intereft, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen; any thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

IL And be it further enaded, That the Exchequer Bills made out under the Provifions of the faid firft recited Ad tor fecuring the find Advaoce of Three Millions, (hall remain and continue as a Security for the Repayment of the (aid Sum of Money at the Period by this Ad fpecified, in like manner in every reiped as if new Exchequer BiDs were made out for that Pnrpofc, payable on the Fifth Bay of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and (hall, together with all Charges incident to or attending the fame, be and am hereby charged and chargeable upon, and i»all be repaid or borne by or oat of the Aids or Supplies which fbaH be granted by Parka-tneat hr the Services of the Year One thonfand eight hundred and ogbtaaif and in cafe futtcicat Aida or Supplies tor that Purpofe

(hall

48 G. 3. c. 3.

55 G. 3»

Bask to continue Loan of 3,000,0001. without Intereft.

Exchequer Bills iflued under 48 G. 3. c.3. to remain a Security for Loan, and payable on April 5, 1818.

88

C. 7,8.

56n GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

How Monies iflaed out of Confolidated fund replaced.

Exchequer Bills to bear Interelt

if Provifion not made for Payment before April 5, i8ig.

490- J.c.17. further continued.

(hall not be granted before the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, then all the faid Exchequer Bills with the 'Charges incident to or attending the fame, fhall be and are heneby charged and chargeable upon fuch Monies as at any time or times at or after fuch Penod (hall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the faid Confolidated Fund (except fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund as (hall then be appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes by any Ad or Ada of Parliament iu that behalf) ; and fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund (hall aad may be iflued and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly Hated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and difcharging fuch Exchequer Bills and Charges until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled and difcharged, or Money Sufficient for that Purpofe be kept and referred in the Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedive Proprietors thereof.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That whatever Monies (hall be fo iffued out of the faid Confolidated Fund fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to the

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Intereft fhall *be payable or paid upon or in refped of the faid Exchequer Bills : Provided always, that in cafe Provifion fhall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the faid Exchequer Bills, fo that the fame (hall be fully paid and difcharged on or before the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, then and in luch cafe the faid Exchequer Bills, or fuch Part thereof as (hall then re* main unpaid, fhall, from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, bear Intereft at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum ; and fuch Intereft is hereby made chargeable and charged upon, and (hall be borne and paid by and out o? the fame Fund as the Principal Money payable in relped of the faid Exchequer Bills is by this Ad charged and chargeable upon; any thing in this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and Seventeen, an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His prcfent Majefly, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

(22d March 1816 ]

*	TT7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring,

•	W and fit to be continued Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to authorize Hie Majefty during the prefent War to male Regulations refbeSing the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty fifth Day

of

A.D. 1B16.

56° GEO. III.

C. 8,9.	M

ol March One thoufand eight hundred and Sixteen, by an Ad of the Y'lfty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, (hall be and the fame it [54 O.3. \vcrthr further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand «• *81.] eight hundred and Seventeen.

CAP. IX.

An A ft for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Paffage Veffels entering or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain.	[aad March l8l6.]

*	AYJ HERE AS it is expedient that a Tonnage Duty fhould be

*	W impofed upon French Packets or Paflage Veffels, on their

*	entering and deputing any of the Ports of Great Britainf equiva-

* lent to the Duty now payable on Britijh Packets or Paflage

* Veffels entering and departing the Ports of FranceBe it therefore enaded by The Icing’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of die fame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, Frsndi Pwfesm there (hall be railed, colleded, levied and paid unto His Majefty, bis 10 W ***** Heirs and Succeffors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the Rate of

Three Shillings and Six pence of good and lawful Money of Great

Britain for each and every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Paflage

Veffel belonging to the Subjeds of His Moft Chriftian Majefty,

which (hall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or

take in or fet on Shore any Paffengers in any Port, Creek, Harbour

or Road of Great Britain, and that the Tonnage of every fuch Veffel

fhall, in cafe of Doubt or Difpute as to the fame, be ascertained

By the proper Officers of the Cuftoms by Admeafurement, in manner

dnreded by an Ad pafled in the Twenty flxth Year of the Reign of »6 0.3.*to.

His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the further Encouragement

and Eucreaje of Shipping and Navigation.

II.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for Packets net y«y-any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, to flop and detain >ng Duty detain-any Packet or Paflage Veffel liable to the Payment of the faid Duty, e4an<1 foW. until the fame is paid as aforefaid; and in cafe Payment thereof (hall

not be made for the Space of Thirty Days after the Arrival of fuch Veffol at any fuch Port, Creek, Harbour or Road in this Kingdom, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, or any Three or more of them, to caufe fuch Packet or Paffage Veffel, and her Mafls, Apparel and Furniture, to be fold publicly to the befl Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, firft to the Charges that (hall arife by fuch Detention and Sale, next to the faid Duty impofed by this AAf and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of fuen Packet or Paflage Veffel or other rerfon duly authorized by fuch Proprietor to receive the fame.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Tonnage Duty hereby Duty under impofed fhall be paid into the Hands of the proper Officers of H» Commiffionmi Mntfty’s Cuftoms at the refpe&ive Ports or Places where fuch Duty Cuftcmi.

U become due and payable $ and fuch Duty fhall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of HU Majefty’s Cuftoms in

is/Wand Scotland

IV.	And

C.9.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

No Entry taken till Duty paid.

Duty hew applied.

49 G.3.C. 98.

His Majefty empowered to fix Duty to be paid for Packets of other Foreign Countries.

Duty managed as Duty on French Packets.

IV.	And, to the Intent that the faid Duty may be duly anfwered and paid, be it further enafted, That no Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms whatever, at any of the faid Ports or Places in Great Britain where fuch Duty (hall become due and payable, (hall, from and after the faid paffing of this Aft, take or receive any Entry or Report Outwards for any fuch Veffel liable or fubjeft to the faid Duty, nor grant any Cocquet for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize intended to be (hipped on board any fuch Veffel, or (hall fuch VeiTel be permitted to depart from any fuch Port or Place until the faid Duty (hall be paid purfuant to the Direftions of this Aft, to the refpeftive Colleftors or other principal Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms authorized to receive the lame, and until the Mafter or Owner of any fuch Veffel fubjeft to the Payment of fuch Duty (hall fhew to fuch refpeftive Officer a Receipt for the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all the Monies from time to time arifing by the Duties by this Aft impofed as aforefaid (the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpeftively excepted), (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wefhninjler, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Permanent Duties impofed by an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repealing the federalDuties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ are direfted to be appropriated and applied.

* VI. And Whereas Briti/h Packets or Paffage Veffels entering

*	or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of other Foreign

*	Countries are fubjeft and liable to certain Impofts in the Nature of

*	Tonnage Duties, Port Duties, Harbour Dues or otherwife: And

*	Whereas fuch Impofts are continually varying in Amount; and it

* is expedient for the Protcftion of the Navigation of Great

* Britain, that His Majefty (hould be empowered to levy on the

*	Packets or Paffage Veffels of fuch Foreign Countries fimilar ‘ Duties, and to alter or entirely revoke the fame as fuch Duties

*	may be altered or revoked on Briti/h Packets or Paffage Veffels 4 in fuch Foreign CountriesBe it therefore enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be iffued bv and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majefty’s Order or Orders in Council to be publifhed from time to time in the London Gazette, to direft fuch Duty or Duties as fhall be therein fpecified, to be levied, collefted and paid in the Ports of Great Britain on the entering or clearing out of the Packets or Paffage Veffels of fuch Foreign Countries as fhall be named in the faid Proclamations or Orders m Council, and from time to time, by any fuch Proclamations or Orders in Council iffued or publifhed as aforefaid, to revoke, dimraifh or mcreafe fuch Duties to the fame Amount as fimilar Duties may be refpeftively revoked, diminifhed or increafed on Britijb Packets or Paffage Veffels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of fuch Foreign Countries.

VIL And be it further enafted, That on fuch Duty being fo declared as aforefaid, the fame fhall be collefted, managed, paid and recovered in the fame manner, and fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules and Regulations as the Duty on French Packets or Paffage

SI

A.D. 1816.	56°	GEO.	III.	C.	9,10.

Vefieli are by this Aft direfted to be collefted, managed, paid and recovered.

VIII. Provided always, and be it eoafted, That this Aft, nor any thing herein contained* (hall extend or be confirmed to extend to any Ship or Vefiel ufed onJy for the Purpofesof Pleafure, and which (hall not carry any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Paffengere for Hire or Reward.

CAP. X.

An Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d March i8id.]

*	X XT HERE AS the railing or keeping a Standing Army within

*	W the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in time 4 of Peace, nnlefs it be with the Confent of Parliament, is againft

*	Law: And Whereas it is judged neceffary by His Majefty, and this € prefent Parliament* that a Body of Forces mould be continued for

*	the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Pofleffions

*	of His Majefty’s Crown, and the Prefervation of the Balance of

*	Power in Europe* and that the whole Number of fuch Forces

*	(hould confift of One hundred and feventy fix thoufand fix hundred

*	and fifteen effeftive Officers and Men, exclufive of His Majefty’s

*	Forces employed in the Territorial Pofleffions of the Eqfl India 4 Company, the Foreign Corps in Britijb Pay, and the embodied

*	Militia: And Wbereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or

*	Limb, or fubjefted in time of Peace to any kind of Puniflunent

*	within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other manner than 4 by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and

*	eftabliflied Laws of this Realm ; yet neverthelefs, it being requifite € for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, 4 that an exaft Difcipline be obferved, and that Soldiers who (hall

*	mutiny or ftir up Sedition, or (hall defert His Majefty*8 Service, be ‘ brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy Puniflunent than the ufual 4 Forms of the Law will allowBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parftament aflembled* and by the Authority of the fame* That if any Perfon who is or (hall be commiflioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or (hall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commiflioned Officer or Sol* dier, (hall* at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, begin, excite, caufe or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majefty’s Land or Marine Forces, or (hall not ufe his utmoft Endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny* (hall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer j or (hall mifbeuave himfelf before the Enemy; or (hall fluunefnlly abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs* Poft, or Guard committed to bis Charge, or which he (hall be commanded to defend; or (hall compel the Governor or Com* sanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or Poft to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or (hall fpeak Words* or ufe any other Means to induce fuch Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to mtfbehave before the Enemy; or (hamefully to abandon

PrortfoYor

ViffeUof

Pitiful*.

Number of Forces 176,61^

Officers, See. mutinying or deferting, Sec.

or (hall be found deeping upon or (hall defert hit Poft,&c.

or (hall ftrike or difobey his fuperior Officer, (hall differ Death, or fuch Punifhment as a Court Martial may

Recruits dif-charged previous to March »5, 1816, before Expiration of 44 Hours after En-liftment, not proceeded againft as De-ferters.

Any Perfon confeffing him-felf a Deferter, deemed duly •nlifted.

CIO.	•	56° GEO. III.	A.D.1816.

or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs, Poft or Guard committed to their refpedive Charge, or which he or they (hall be commanded to defend $ or (hall leave his Poft before relieved; or (hall be found deeping on his Poft; or (hall hold Correfpondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majeftyt either by Letters, Meflages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or Way whatfoever; or (hall treat or enter into any Terms with fuch Rebel or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or (hall ftrike or ufe any Violence againft his fuperior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or (hall difobey any lawful Command of his fuperior Officer; or (hall defert His Majefty’s Service; all and every Perfon and Perfon s fo offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether fuch Offence (hall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, (hall fuffer Death, or fuch other Punifhment as by a Court Martial (hall be awarded.

[Sc 8 to ns 2. to 93. are the fame a* the like SeBions of 55 G. 3. c, 108.]

* XCIV. And Whereas many Juftices and Chief Magiftrates have

•	erroneoufly difcharged Recruits before the Expiration of Twenty

*	four Hours after the time of their Enliftment: And Whereas

*	fuch Recruits are in confequence liable to be treated as Deferters 4 through fuch Error of the Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, and with-

•	out any evil Intention on their own PartBe it therefore enaded. That no fuch Recruit who (hall have been fo erroneoudy discharged by a Juftice or Chief Magiftrate previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March Oae thou fan d eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be liable on that Account to be proceeded againft as having abfeonded or de-ferted from His Majefty’s Service.

[ScBion 95. is the fame as SeBion 91. of 55 G. 3. c. 108., and See-tions 96. to 116. are the fame as SeBions 95. to 115. of 55 G. 3. c. 108.]

CXVII. And be it further ena£ted, That any Perfon who (hall voluntarily furrender or deliver himfelf up as a Deferter from any Regiment or Corps of His Majefty’s Regular or Militia Forces, or of the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or who, upon being apprehended for De-fertion or any other Offence, (hall, in the Prelence of the Magiftrate, confefs himfelf to be a Deferter from any fuch Regiment or Corps, (hall be deemed to have been duly enlifted, and to be a Soldier, and (hall be liable to Serve in any fuch Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majefty’s Forces, as His Majefty (hall think fit to appoint, whether fuch Perfon (hall have been ever a&ually enlifted as a Soldier or not.

[SeBions 118. to 158. the fame as SeBions 117. to 157. and all the Schedules from Schedule (A.) to Schedule (0.1 the fadte as all the Schedules from Schedule (A.) to Schedule (O.) of 55 G.3. c. 108.]

CAP*

W GEO. III.

C.11.

99

CAP. XL

AaA& far the regulating of His Majefty** Royal Marine Torres while on Snore.	[aad	March	1816.3

[72t*s A& is the fame as 55 G. 3. c. at* except as to Data and as

to the SeBioas that an ben retained, amd all the Schedules are the fame as the Schedules to 55 G* 3. c* ai.]

XL AND be it further ena&ed, That whenever His Majefty (hall iatead any fuck Sentence of a Court Martial to be carried into Execution, or fall be gradoufly pleafed to extend his Mercy, upon ConStion of Tranfportation, to any Offender liable to the Puni foment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, fuch Sentence, together with His Majefty’s Pkafure upon the fame, (hall be notified in Writiy by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great BrOam and Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three of more of them, to any J office of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and there* upon foch Juftice or Baron (hall make an Order for the Tranfport-atm of fuch Offendervupon the Terms and for the time which (hall be fperiled in fuch Notification, and (hall alfo make fuch other Order or Orders, and do all fuch other Ads confequent upon the fame, as any foch Joftice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force at the time of making any fuck Orders m refatioo to the Tranfportation of Offenders; and fuch Or* hex and Orders fo to be made, and all fuch Ads as (hall be fo done as aforefeid, (hall be obeyed and done by fuch Perfon in whofe Cuf-tody fuch Offender fall at that time be, and all other Perfons whom it may concern, and fall he as effedual and have all the fame Con-feqneooes as aoy Order made under the Authorityof the fold Ad with refped to oar Offender in the laid Ad mentioned; and every Sheriff Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintcndant whom it may concern, and all Constables, add other Perfons, Audi be bound to obey die afotvfeid Order and Orders, be affiftant in the Execution thereof, and he liable to the fame Punifhment for Difobedience, or mterraptzoff tbe Execution of the feme, at they would be if the fame bad been made under the Authority of the aforefeid Ad; and ciery Ferfoa (o ordered to be tranfported as aforefeid (hall be fubjed rripedifdy to all and every the Provifion and Provifions made by Law, aad now in force concerning Perfons convided of any Crime ad fentenced to be tranfported, or receiving His Majefty’s Pardon on Condition of Tranfportation.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Trials of Offenders by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Ad, every Officer prefeat at fuch Trial before any Proceedings be had there-upon, flail take the following Oaths upon tbe Holy £vangelifts, before tbe Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby wtborized to admtntftrr the feme,) in thefe Words $ that is to fey,

1	ffiafl well and truly tiy and determine according to the

*	Evidence which (hall be given in the Matter now before you, ' betveen our Sovereign Lord The King’s Majefty and the Prifoner

*	to be tried:	«	So	help	you	GOD.’

S6Gmo.HI.	D	‘I	A.B.

How Order for TrsoTporudoa ft til bo pro. ended in.

Otths to be taken by til Members of t General Court Martial

Oaths.

C.ll.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

84

4 T A. B» do (wear, That I will duly adminifter Juftice, according 4 to an A& of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of Hu 4 MajeBy's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to 4 the Rules and Articles made in purfuance of the faid A& of Par-4 liament for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other 4 Crimes therein refpe&ively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour 4 or Affe&ion; and if any Doubt (hall arife (which is not explained 4 by the faid A& of Parliament, or the faia Rules and Articles),

4 according to my Confcience, the beft of my Underftanding, and 4 the Cuf^om of War in like cafes: And I further fwtar, That « I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, until it (hall be ap-4 proved by the Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Com-4 miifioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the 4 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; neither will I,

<	upon any Account at any time whatfocver, difdofe or difcover 4 the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court

<	Martial unlefs required to give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by « a Court of Juftice, in a due Courfe of Law. So help me GOD.1

The Judge Ad- And fo foon as the faid Oaths (hall have been adminiftered to the refpe&ive Members, the Prefident of the Court is hereby authorized and required to adminifter to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, an Oath in the following Words:

4 T A. B. do fwear. That I will not upon any Account, at any 4 time whatfoever, difclofe or difcover the Vote or Opinion of 4 any particular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to 4 give Evidence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice, in a 4 due Courfe of Law.	So help me GOD/

In Sentences of And no Sentence of Death (hall be given againft any Offender by any fuch General Court Martial at aforefaid, unlefs Nine Officers Officer/fhill prefent, or where the Court Martial (hall confift of Seven Members, concur, Ac. unlefs Five Officers prefent (hall concur therein ; and if there be more Officers prefent than Thirteen or Seven refpe&ively, then rise Judgment (hall pafs by the Concurrehce of Two Thirds of the Officers prefent; and no Proceeding or Trial (hall be had upon any Hours of Trial 6 fence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cafes which require Witnefles during an immediate Example: Provided alfo, that all Witneffes duly fum-their	roone^ b7 Judge Advocate or the Perfon officiating as fuch (haD,

from Axrctl* during their necefiary Attendance in fuch Courts, and in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witneffes attending any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Law are privileged, and that if any fuch Witnefs (nail be unduly arrefted, be (hall be difcharged from fuch Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Proem iffued by which fuch Witnefs was arrefted $ or if the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or m Dublin, or the Court of Seffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the IVeJl Indies, according as the cafe (hall require, upon its being made appear to fuch Court or Judge by Affidavit in a luminary Way that fuen Witnefs was arrefted in going to or returning from or attending upon fuch Court Martial; and that all Witneffes fo duly fummoned as aforefaid, who (hall not attend on fuch Court, (hall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or

12

vocate to be {Worn.

The Oath.

A. ix \m.

serGEO. m.

C. 11.

35

cr Court of 8effion in Scotland, or Court* of haw in the WjjMhfa refpe&vely, anon Complaint made to the find Courts of 1Bench or Coon of Seffioo in Scotland, or Courts of Law in llwy/idfcr, in like manner as if fuch Witnefs had oegfeded to mmirn a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enafted, list no Marine, either Officer or Private Man, being acquitted or cnavi&ul of any Offence at any fuch Court Martial as afareuid, Audi he Sable to be tried a Second Time by the fame or any other Court Martial, for the fame Offence; unleft in the cafe of an Appeal from a Divisional to a General Court Martial, and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and figned by the Prefident thereof, be Gable to be reiifcd more than once.

* L And Whereas feveral Marines, who being duly entered, may * afterwards defat and be found wandering, or otherWe absenting 1 dasfehea illegally fawn His Majefty*s Service ;* It is hereby farther ended. That it fhaU and may be lawful to and far the Con* ftablet Headborppgh or Tfchmgman, of the Town or Place where asy Ferfbn who may reafonably be fufpeded to be fuch a Deferter flhd1 be found, or if no foch Conftable, Head borough or Tithingman can be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine to apprehend orfeaufe fuch fufpe&ed Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or cmfe him to be brought before any Juftice of the Peace firing m or near fuch Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine fuch fafpe&rd Perfon$ and if, by his Con-fcffion, or the Tcftimony of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, or by Knowledge of fuch Juftice of the Peace, it Audi appear or he found that fnch lufpe&ed Perfon is a Marine duly entered, and ougfa to be with die Company to which he belongs, whether fuch Company ftuBi be employed on board any of His Majefty** Ships or Views, or quartered on Sure, or employed on board any Tranfaort Ship or Merchant Ship or Vefiel, fuch Juftice of die Peace mall, without Fee or Reward to himfelf or Clerk, forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he (hall be found; or to the Houie of Corre&ion or other public Prifbn in foch Town or Place where fnch Deferter fhaU be apprehended; or to the Sana}, ia cafe foch Deferter Anil be apprehended within the Cities of Lmdm or Wefimim/ttr, or Places adjacent $ and tranfrtit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty far the time being, and to the Commandant of the Divifion to whicn the (aid Deferter may belong, to the end that fach Perfon mky be proceeded againft according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, Hdufe of Corre&ion or Prifoo, fltafl receive the fall Subfiftence of foch Deferter, during the time he Audi continue in Ins Cuftody, far the Maintenance of foch Deferter; hut fhaU not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of foe Imprifanment of any fuch Deferter; any Law, Ufege or Cuf-tom to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that it fhwH be lawful far the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being* if he taoid think fit, to order the Iffue and Payment of any Arrears of fay, or of the Surplus of fach Pay or any Portion thereof, to or on wm* of fach Mon Commiffioned Officer or Marine during or after tb Emotion of him Period of ImprifamneiKt in any Gaol or Houft vf Context or other public Prifon.

D 2	LI.	And,

Wooe to b« triad • Secood Thus for the Dm Offence, unis(m in cafo of AppuL

Cooftablea, ftc. may apprehend Deforttn, sad carry them baton a Jufticts

and transmit an Account to (ha Secratary oftho Admiralty, Sc.

Gaol Keeper to receive the Subfiftence of De-ferter*.

LI. And,

36

C.11.

56* GEO, III.

A J).1816-

Reward for taking up De. fetters.

Recruits dif-charged previous to Marcn 15, 1816, before the Expiration of 14 Hours after En-liftment, not to be proceeded againft uDe> ferten.

FaUe Oaths Perjury.

Furlough extended in cafe ef Sickoefr, dec

LI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Perfonor Perfons to fecure or apprehend fuch Deferter, be it further enaded, That fuch Jnftioe of the Peace (hall alfo iflue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Colledor or Colle&ors of the Land Tax Money of the Parim or Townfhip in Great Britain, where fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended, or in Ireland, to the Colledor or Collegers of His Majefty's Revenue in the Diftrid where fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arilen or to arife in the Year One thoufond eight hundred and lixteen, into the Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, any fuch Deferter from His Majefty’a Service, the Sum of Three Pounds, for every fuch Deferter that (hall be fo apprehended and committed; which Sum of Three Pounds (hall be latisfied bv fuch Colledor or Colle&orfl to whom fuch Warrant (hall be diredea, and allowed upon his or their Account; the Magi it rate informing the Commandant of the Divifion to which fuch Deferter may belong, that the fame may be charged againit his Pay and Subfiitence.

* LVI. And Whereas many Juftices and Chief Magiftrates have

*	erroneoufly discharged Recruits before the Expiration of Twentv

*	four Hours after the Time of their Enliitment: And Whereas fuch

<	Recruits are in confequence liable to be treated as Deferters through

*	fuch Error of the Juftice or Chief Magi (Irate, and without any

*	Evil Intention on their own PanBe it therefore enaded, That no fuch Recruit who (hall have been fo erroneoufly difeharged by a Juftice or Chief Magiftrate previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be liable on that Account to be proceeded again ft as having abfeonded or de-ferted from His Majefty*8 Service.

LVI 11. And be it further enaded, That any Perfon taking a falfe Oath in any cafe wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Ad (hall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury, and being thereof duly convided (hall be liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force anv Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Penury are fubjed and liable to.

V LIX. Ana Whereas Marines abfent on Furlough granted to « them by their Commanding Officers are fometimes prevented by

*	Sicknefs, or other unavoidable Cafualty, from returning to then:

<	Duty before the Expiration of the Time limited by fuch Furlough;

*	and Doubts have arifen whether in fuch cafes the Extenfion of m

*	Marine’s Furlough by a Juftice of the Peace be fandioned by legal

*	Authority, and effedual for preventing fuch Marine from being

<	apprehended upon Sufpicion of his having defertedBe it further enaded. That any Infoeding Field Officer, ftationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain or of fuperior Rank, or any Adjutant of Local Militia within the Dif-tnd; or in cafe there be no fuch Officer as aforefaid within a convenient Diftance, that any J[uftice of the Peace may and he is hereby authorized to grant in Writing under his Hand an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine applying for the lame on account of Sicknefs or other Cafualty which fhaU on due Enquiry appear to render fuch Extenfion neceflary $ and that every fuch Officer or Juftice of the Peace, who (hall grant to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine an Extenfion of Furlough as aforefaid, (hall immediately certify the fame, with the Caufe of its being

A/D. 181 &

56°GE0.IIL

C.ll.

37

Co gtmted, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and the Commandant ofwiMoQ to which the (aid Marine may belong, and that fuch Nb Coosmffioned Officer or Marine during the Period to which hit Farioagb fall have been fo extended as aforeiaid fall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molefted on the ground of hit haring deferred, or of criminally abfenting himfelf from hit Dirifion : Pro* tided always, that nothing in this Ad contained fall be conftrued to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine, whofe Furlough fall hare been fo extended as aforefaid, from being proceeded againft and punifhed according to the Provifions of this Ad, fhould it thereafter appear that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine had obtained the Extenfioo of his Furlough by falfe Representation made to fach Officer or Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fane, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline: Provided alfo, that no fuch Farioagh fall be extended by any Joftice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unlefs with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding the Diftrid where fuch Marine (hall be.

LXXII. And be it further raided, That if any High Cooftable, Codtabk, Beadle or other Officer, or Perfon whatfoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Ad, fall quarter or billet, or be employed io quartering or btHetting any Marine Officers or Private Men, (nail negied or refaft for the Space of Two Hours to quarter or billet fach Officers or Mariner when thereunto required, in fuch manner as is by fa Ad direded, provided fufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of fuch Forces; or (hall receive, demand, eontrad or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatfoever, for or on account of exciting, or in order to excufe any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houfo or Hollies, any foch Officer or Marine; or in cafe any Vidualler, or any other Perfon fable by this Ad to have any Officer or Marine btUetted or quartered on him or her, fall refufe to receive or to afford proper Accommodation to or to vidual any fuch Officer or Marme fo quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforefaid; or fall tefofe to fureifli or allow, according to the Diredions of this Ad, the (even! Hungs hereinbefore refoedively direded to be for-nUhed or allowed to Non Commiffioned Officers or Marines fo quar* tered or bdletted on him or her, as aforeiaid, at the Rate which is or fall be efcbfifad by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in that Behalf, and faff bd thereof convided, before any One or more Jnf-txe or Juftices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty within whack foch Offence (hall be committed, either by his own Confeffion or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes ( which Oath the fad Joftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to adnumftcr), every foch High Conftable, Conftable, Beadle or other Officer or Perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit for every foch Offence* the Sam of Five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Ids than Forty Shillings (as the faid Juftice or Juftices, before whom the Matter (hall be heard, (hall in his or their Difcretion think hV. to be levied by Dtftrefs and Sale of the Goods of the Perfon €tais£ bj Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals offaMfce or Juftices before whom fuch Offender (hall be con-rifted, or of One or more of them, to be direded to any other Cooifa within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the

D 3	Over-

Provito

Prorifo

Penalty on Coo-(tables, ftc. neglecting to quarter Marines;

or taking Money to ex-cufe any Perfon from quartering;

and on Yi&ual-lcn refuting to receive Marine*

Oath adminif-tered.

Penalty,

£8

C. 11*

«6*GEO.IlL

A-D. 1810,

to the Poor.

Service to be to Hit Majeftyvt Hein tod Sue. ccflbrx.

Apprentices in

Scotknd, &c.

Oicriccri of the Poor of the Parift where the Offender (hall dwell % and the (aid Sum of Fire Pounds, or the (aid Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Paruh where the Offence (hau be committed, or to fome one of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of fuch Parifh.

* LXX V. And Whereas it is highly expedient, that no doubt

*	(hould remain as to the Service of Row Marines by reafbn of c any Omiflion of His Maiefty’s Heirs ana Succeffors in any Oath

*	of Atteftation \* Be it therefore declared and enafted, That any Oath and Atteftation of Service heretofore or hereafter taken and made to His Majefty, is and fhall be deemed and conftrued to be an Oath of Service to His Majefty's Heirs and Succeffors as the So* vereign of the Realm for the time beiog, as fully and effectually, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the Words, Heirs and Succeffors had been inferted in any fuch Oath or Atteftation.

LXXXI* And be it further enafted, That no Mafter in Scotland fhall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who fhall, after the paffing of this Aft, enlift as a Marine, uoleft fuch Apprentice fhall have been bound to him for the full Term of at leaft Four Years by a regular Contraft or Indenture of Apprenticcftup duly extended, figned, and tefted, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland* prior to the Period of Enbftment, and unlefs fuch Contraft or Indenture fo duly executed fhall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticefiiip, and before the Period of Enliftment, have been produced to a Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties refide, and there (hall have been mdorfed thereon by fuch Juftice, a Certificate or Declaration figned by Itim, fpedfying the Date when and the Perfon by whom fuch Contraft or Indenture (hall have been fo produced, which Certificate or Declaration fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby inquired to indorfe and figu, and un* lefs fuch Apprentice (hall when claimed by fuch Mafter be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unlefs fuch Mafter (hall, within One Calendar Month after fuch Apprentice (hall have abfeonded or left hit Service, so before fome Juftice of the Peace, and before fuch Juftice of the reace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (C.) I Provided always that any Mafter of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service (hall be entitled to daim and recover any fuch Apprentice in the Form and Manner above dhnefted, notwithftaading fuch Apprentice may have been bound for a left Term than Seven Years in England, Five Years in Ireland\ or in the I Hands of Gnemfey, Jerfey, Alder* ney* Sark* or Man, or Four Years in Scotland•

CAP.



56° GEO. III.

C.1S.

89

cap. xn.

An Ad for exhUdng a Bill in this prelent Parliament, for jutmalizing His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Tburin-gw*. Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.	[28th March	i8l<$«]

WHEREAS His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, siting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Moft Sacred Ms-Ay, has, to the unmrfal Joy and Satisfadion of His Majefty’s Sribjt&s, judged it proper that an Alliance fltould be contracted xtam the Family of His Majefty and His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen,

Lnhwe of Thwtrtmgneny Prince of Cobourr of Saalfeld ; ana has therefore, in the Name and on Behalf of His Majefty, confented, with the fail Agreement of the Parties interefted, that a Marriage fall be celebrated between the Moft High and llluftrious Princeft Charlotte AuguJUy Daughter of His Royal Highnefs The Prince of Wekt, Remit of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Mood, and His Serene Highnefs: And Whereas a more grateful Yraaf of the Eftcera and AfFedion of this Kingdom cannot be « given to His Serene Highnefs, than by an Ad of Naturalization to make him capable of enjoying thofe Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in tins Realm: And Whereas by an Ad made in the 7 lac. 1. c. % Seventh Year of the Reign of King Janet the Firft, every Person is required to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper witiria One Month before any Bill for Naturalization be exhibited, sad dfo to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in the Ptofouamt Hook, before his or her Bill be twice read: And 10.i. fat 4. Whereas by an Ad pafled in the Firft Year of His Majefty King * 4*

George the Firft, it was enaded, that no Perfon (hall be naturalized uakh in the Bill exhibited for that Purpofe, a proper Claufe or partkalag Words k infested to declare that fuch Perfon (hall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either Hosfe of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Tmft, other Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands,

Tenements nr Hereditaments from The Crown, to himfelf or any other Perfon in Tnift for him; and that no Bill fhould from thenceforth be received in either Honfe of Parliament, unlefs fuch Cbufo or Words be firft inferted or contained therein $’ Be it enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commas, in this prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fuse. That a Bill for the Naturalization of the His B91 exhibited Seme Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, .Margrave without Ctafr of Metfm, Landgrave of Tbnringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, mentioned in without the Claufe or particular Words direded by the faid laft riCIti® 9 seated Ad to be inferted, and without his receiving the Sacrament, c* er taking the Oaths by the firft recited Ad required, (hall and may he exhibited and brought into this Parliament and twice read; the fcl periled Ads, or any other Law, Statute, Matter or Thing dmSoenr to the contrary netwithftanding,

D4

CAP.

40

C.18.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1S1&

His Serene Highnefs after taking Oaths, deemed natural born Subje&.

Certificate recorded in Court of Chancery.

His Majefty to fire him Precedence and Rank.

cap. xni.

An A€t for the Naturalization of His Serene Highnefa Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfelds and fettling his Precedence.	[29th	March	18x6.3

WHEREAS His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, ading in the Name and on the Behalf of His Mod Sacred Majeftv, has, to the univerfal Joy and Satisfa&ioo of His Majefty’s Sub-

jeds, judged it proper that an Alliance fhould be contracted between the Family of His Majefty and His Serene Highnefs Leopold Georre Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Maffen, Landgrave of Tburtnguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and has therefore, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majefty, confented, with the full Agreement of the Parties interested, that a Marriage ftiould be celebrated between the Moft High and Illuftrious Prmcefa Charlotte Augufa, Daughter of His Royal Highnefs The Prince of Wales, Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and His Serene Highnefs: And Whereas a more grateful Proof of the Efteem and Atte&ion of this Kingdom cannot be given to His Serene Highnefs, than by an A& of Naturalization to make him capable of enjoying thofe Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in this Realm;’ We, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaAed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and bv the Authority of the fame. That the faid Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Tburtnguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, when and fo foon as he (hall have taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Lord High Chancellor, which Oaths the Lord High Chancellor is hereby authorized to adminifter, (hall be, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, deemed, taken and efteemed a natural born SubieA of this Kingdom, as if His Highnefs had been born within this Realm % any Law, Statute, Matter or Thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That the laid Lord High Chancellor (hall, immediately after fuch Oaths (hall have been taken before him, certify the lame, and caufe fuch Certificate to be recorded in the High Court of Chancery.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That when and fo foon as the faid Marriage (hall have been celebrated, it (hall be lawful for Hit Majefty to give to the faid Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meiffen, Landgrave of Tburtnguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, for ana during the Term of his natural Life, fuch Precedence and Rank before the Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and all other great Officers, and the Dukes (other than and except the Dukes of the Blood Royal), and all other Peers of this Realm, as His Majefty (hall deem fit and proper; any Law9 Statute or Cuftom whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

AJD.U16.

56»GEO.HL

C.14-

41

CAP. XIV.

Ad M far empowering the Governor and Company of the Bat of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions toward the Supply for the Service of the Year One thoufand eigh hundred and fixteen.	[i	ith	April 1816,]

* Moft Gracious Sovmigo,

*	TT7HEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of

*	VY England are willing and have agreed to advance, towards

‘ the Supply granted to Your Majefty for the Service of the Year .

4	One thomfead eight hundred and fixteen, the Sum of Six Millions 4 os the Security of Exchequer Bills, to be made payable at the End 4 of Two Yean certain from the palling of this Ad, and to continue 4 far Three Yean longer from fuch Period, fubjed to Repayment 4 upon Six Months’ Notice, to be given at any time between the 4 Tenth Day of 03oher fa any Year and the Fifth Day of April 4 fallowing, either by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s 4 Tierifary tn the Bank of England, or by the Bank to the laid Lords * CoaedfioaenNow, we, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal ,

Subjeflmtbe Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland fa Parliament afiembkd, being deSrous to raife with as much Eafe and Adrantage as poffible to Your Majefty’s Subjeds the ucefiary Supplies far the Service of the prefent Year, do moft humbly befall Your Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enfted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adrice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons fa this prefent Parliament affembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That, it {hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of B*0* empeww-the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thou- MavJm* ** fend right handled and faventeen, to advance and lend to His Majefty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer fidUanthorfaed to be ifiued under this Ad, the Sum of Six Millions; axy thag contained fa any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary sfXwiwudmg; and it &all alfo be lawful for the faid Commiffioners Tretfory to of His Mnefty’s Treafury now or for the time being, or any Three *?*k# or man at them, to cauie or dired any Number of Exchequer Bills cb"lucr to be made out, far any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the laid Sum of Six Millions, to . bear Date on the I)ay on which the feme Chall aduafiy be ifiued, in the fame or like Manner,

Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dne&ioas, as are mricribed fa and by an Ad paffed in the Forty 48 0.3. «.*. eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 jer reflating the ifnmg amd paying off of Exchequer Bills.

II.	Pftmded always, and be it further eiia&ed, That during the No Attention Period the find Sum of Six Millions, and alfo the Sum of Three made in Ufagc Millions advanced by the faid Governor and Company towards the permitting Stpfay of the Yew One thoufand eight hundred and eight (<z), and wfawed without Intereft by feveraf fubfcquent Ads, faall continue Exchequer m fefamced by the faid Governor and Company, no Alteration (hall Security of Bills, ^.wfafatfaUfage eftablilbcd at the Exchequer, of permitting the &c. fadGonmor and Company to withdraw the Monies in the Receipt or the lufaqoer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills or Notes («)

of

♦2

€.14.

56° CEO. III.

A.D.1816.

48 G. 3. c, z. extended to AO.

Intereft raid om Bills.

Provifo.

Provifo.

Provifo.

Exchequer Bills repaid out of any Supplies in the Year;

if fuffident Supplies not granted, out of Con-foUdated Fund.

of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the full Amount of fuch Monies fo withdrawn, being depofited in the Chefts of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the faid Governor and Company ; nor (hall any of the Accounts now by Law dire&ed to be kept at the Bank of England, by any Perfon or Perfons employed either in the Receipt of the Public Revenue, or in ifluing or paying the Public Expenditure, or in any other Employment or Department of Government, be withdrawn from thence during the above Period.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the faid laft mentioned A&, relating to Exchequer Bills, except as Bur as the fame may be altered by Uns Alt, or be contrary to any of the Provifions thereof, (hall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Billa to be made out in purluance of this Ad, as fully and enedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been originally authorized by the laft mentioned Ad, or as if the faid feveral Claufes or Proriloes had bees particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That Intereft at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per dnnum (hall be payable yearly upon the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Ad, out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majeffcy's Exchequer; and the whole of the faid Exchequer Bills with all Intereft due thereon (hall be repaid to the faid Governor and Company at the End of Two Years certain from the paffing of thin Ad: Provided ntverthe-lefs, that it (hall and may be lawful for the Bud Governor and Company to continue the Loan of the faid Sum of Six Millions for Three Years longer from the Period when the fame (hall be fo payable, fnbjed to Repayment upon Six Months* Notice being given between the Tenth Day of OSober in any Year and the Fifth Day of ^ri/ following, either by the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Majeny’s Treafury to the faid Governor and Company or by the (aid Governor and Company to the Bud Lords Commiffioners: Provided always, that fuch Notice (hall in no cafe be given before the Tenth Day of OSober One thoufaod eight hundred and feventeen \ Provided alfo, that Intereft (hall be paid annually upon all the faid Exchequer Bills which (hall continue and remain due to the faid Governor and Company until the final Payment and Difcharge thereof.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all fuch Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the Firft Aids or Supplies which (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Current Year in which the faid Sum of* Six Millions (hall become due as aforefaid ; and in cafe fufficieat Aida or Supplies for that Purpofe (hall not be granted, then all the faid Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fucb Monies as at any time or times, at or after fuch Period, (hall be or remans in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Confolidated Fund (except fuch Monies of the faid Confolidated Fund as (hall then be appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes, by any A6k or Ads of Par* liament in that behalf), and fuch Monies of the faid Coufblkistrd Fund (hall and may be ifiued and applied as foon as the fame can be

regularly

I

kX

56* GEO. IIL

49

C* 14,15,

regatejrfitftJ and afoertaiwed, for sod towards paying off, cancelling udfiim fuck Escbequcr B3U mod Charge*, until the whole of 4alaB he paid off, cancelled and dilcbarged, or Money fuffdeat hr that Pupoh be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be pqaMe oa Demand to the refpedhe Proprieton thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That whatever Marfa MM Mnkt flail he £o ifined out of the find Confohdatrd Fund, fall hoe iqlmi hn tine to d^ae be replaced by and out of the Firft Supplies to be then alter grunted by Parliament} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwshftandmg.

CAP. XV.

An Aft to cany into effe& a Convention of Commerce, concluded between His Majefty and The United States of America.	[i lth April 1816.]

1 XTTHEREAS a Convention of Commerce and Navigation has « W been concluded between His Majefty and The United States « of America : And Whereas it is expedient to give Effedt to fuch * Parts of the £nd Convention as require the Sandioo of Parliament Be it therefore ena&ed by The Knag’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritoal and Temporal, and Conauas, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That upon the Importation, into any On Importation Pan of the United Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, bring the Growth, PxodndtioB or Manufacture erf any of the Territories of die United States of America, imported diredfc from higher Dutiev the had Territories, in any Ship or Veffel built in the Countries paid than if fan~ belonging to the fad States, or any of them, or taken by any of the gjjfjj* Ships or Vdfcls of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the hid States, having Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the faid States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, fuch Slap or Veffdbeing owned by taelSubjedh of the faid States, of my of tbemTjand whereof the Matter and Three Fourths of the Mariners aw alio Suhje&s of the laid States, no higher or other Dimes frail be charged or paid, than fuch as are charged and payable open Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Hke Denomination or Dricriptioo, being the Growth, Produdtion or Manufedture of any of ihe Territories of the United States of America, and being imported in Bntj/H*mk Ships or Vefiels navigated and regiftered accardaw to law; any flung contained in an A6t patted in thd Forty amt^ Yew of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An 49 G. 3. c.pf« Ad fee refeeSog the feveroi Duties of CufUms chargeable in Great Britaii, aad fer granting other Duties in lieu thereof, or any other Aft, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XL And be it further eroded, That upon the Exportation from Oa Export of the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the American Growth, Produajon or Manafadture of the laid United Kingdom, or of His Majefty** Territories in Europe, diredt to any of the Ter-of the United States of America, in any Ship or Veffel built paid, than if ex-mdaaflmi States, or condemned arPrize there, and being owned and ported in BSt^atritt hereinbefore mentioned, no higher or' other Duties fliall BritUh Vtflfel*. M paid w payable than Inch an are charged or impofed upon fuch

Goods,

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816;

Like Bounties paid on Goods caponed to America in American Vef-i'ela, as if exported in Britift VeiTels.

Duties payable to Corporation of London, See. not affeded.

Aft may be

altered, to.

Continuance of

aa.

C.15, 16.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, when exported in a Briti/khlull Ship or Veffel, navigated and rendered according to Law.

III.	And be it further enafted, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the faid United Kingdom, or any of His Maiefty’s Territories in Europe^ irf any Ship or Veffel built in the faid United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, the fame Bounty or Allowance (hall be paid as at the time of fuch Exportation may be allowed, upon the Exportation thereof, in any 2?ri7//&-built Ship or Veffel, navigated and regiflered according to Law.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this A ft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or in any wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to tne Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London*, or to the Lord Mayor of the faid City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate, within Great Britain; or any other fpecial Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the fame (hall be continued as heretofore.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be paffed in this Seffion of Parliament.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall continue in force fo long as the Convention between His Majefty and the United States of America (hall continue in force.

CAP. XVI.

An Aft; for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents.	[nth	April	1816.]

WHEREAS the Rents, Iffues and Revenues of the Honors* Cadies, Lord (hips. Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents*

* Services or other Hereditaments and Poffeffions of The King’s * Mod Excellent Majedy, within the Ordering, Government and 4 Survey of the Court of Exchequer, have been ufually heretofore * collefted by Perfons holding the Offices of Receivers of the Land * Revenues, in the fereral Counties in England and Wales in which ‘ fuch Poffeffions are fituate, or the Deputies of fuch Perfons: And 4 Whereas the Office or Offices of Receiver General of the Rents, 4 Iffues and Revenues of the faid Poffeffions of The King’s Mod 4 Excellent Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors, in the. feveral Counties 4 of EJfen% Hertford\ Middlefex, Norfolk and Huntingdosh and in the 4 City of London, is and are now held and enjoyed by Walker Lord * Biffiop of Rocbejler, for his Life, by virtue of Letters Patent 4 bearing Date the Fifth Day of Jumef m the Twenty third .Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majedy, and the Office or Offices of 4 Receiver General of the Rents, Iffues and Revenues of the dud 4 Poffeffions of His Majedy in the feveral other Counties, is and are • held by Perfons appointed thereto during the Pleafure of Hie 4 Majedy: And Whereas many of the dud Poffeffions and Edates 4 are held uader Leafes from the Crown, and are of considerable* 4 annual Valtye * and it is expedient and necefiary that Provifion

4 (hould

iixnu.

56* GEO. Ill

C.16.

45

*	CbottU hr made for the better CoUe&wn of the faid Rents, Iffnes 4 and leRBsoes, and more effiedoal Superintendence of the hud 4 Bafiian and Eftatet, and enforcing the due Cultivation and 4 linyeat thereof, and Observance and Performance of the ' Cmuots and Engagements under which the Lefleet or Tenants ' tkrenf hold the fame: And Whereas it is neceflary for carrying 4 Mato Execution the Purpofes aforefaid, that the Appointment &

4 made by the laid recited Letters Patent, fo far as refpe&s the

•	Other or Offices of Receiver of the Rents, I flues and Revenues ‘ of His Majefty** Honors, Cattles, Lordfhips, Manors, Lands,

4 Tenements, Rents, Services'and other Hereditaments and Poflef-4 hoot, in the £ad Counties of EJex* Hertford* Norfolk and 4 Hnmtmgdom* and the Appointments of the feveral other Keceivers 4 afovcEasd, ffiaS oeafe, determine and be void, in the manner and at 4 the tones fpectfied in this A&; and that Compenfation (hall be 4 made to the laid Walker Lord Bifhop of Rocbefier* in confldentkm 4 thereof, as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore ena&ed by The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament aflembled, and hj the Authority of the fame, That the (aid BMiofonfo-ceated Letters Patent, fo far as refpe&s the Appointment thereby cheft*’, Ap-madeef the £nd Walker Lord Bifhop of Rocbefier* then Walker King	*

Clerk and Richard Burke Efquire, fince deceafed, to the Office and jfoGrarnktof Offices of Receiver General of all and Angular the Ifliies, Rents and Effe* Hertford; Revenues of all the Honors, CaiUes, Lord (hips. Manors, Lands, Norfclk aod Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Pofleffions HuirfngSoo, to-wbatfever of The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and

Succefiors, within the Counties of Effcx* Hertford* Norfolk and BmOamibm; and all Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages n«wlUc«iv*n» and Emcframrnti thereby appointed to be received, taken and retained out of the Rents, Iffnes and Profits, to be levied, collected and received from and ia the laid feveral Counties of EJex* Hertford*

Norfolk and Huutingdou; and all and every Appointment and Ap- AppcfamentsC pointments made by certain Inftruments commonly called a Con- oiler Re-fttudoo, under the Hand or under the Hand and Seal of any “"^tocaafu Chaaceflor or Under Treafurer of His Majefty's Court of Exchequer, or hy any other Inftrument, Warrant, Order, Letter or Authority, of or from Inch Chancellor or Under Treafurer, of any other Perfon or Perions whomfoever, to be Receiver General, Acting Receiver or Deputy Receiver of aU or any of the Ifliies, Rents and Revenues of any of His Majefty’* Honors, Caftles, Lordfhips, Manors, Lands,

Tenements Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Pofleffions is all or any of the feveral other Counties within the Ordering,

Government, and Survey aforefaid; and all Wages, Fees, Salaries,

Allowances, Advantages and Emoluments, to be had, received or taken from or out of the Rents, Ifliies and Profits, to be levied, colkded and received by virtue of any fuch Appointment or Appointments, Office or Offices, (hall, from and immediately after the Date of any Warrant or Warrants to be granted in purfuance of this Ad, ter the Appointment of any new Receiver or Receivers of the ban lines, Rents and Revenues, ce&fe, end and determine.

IL Aod be it further ena&ed, That a Compenfation and Satis- Compen&tkxi fi&a (Ul be made to the (Slid Walker Lord Bifhop of Rocbefier to Biihop of fimstme to time, for the Loll which he will fuftaiu by reafon of his Rochtft*r*

bid

Clift

66° GEO.IIL

JLD.1A10.

Quantum thereof to be fettled by Referees or Umpire;

ebs may examine Whnefles «pn Oath.

Comnenfetion . may be made to other Officers, if ComraUfiaoen fee fit.

frid Appointment being made void and determined as to the faid Counties of Rtfr*, Hertford, Norfolk and Huntingdon, and of the Lofs of the Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages or Emoluments incident thereto, when and as the fame (hall refpe&ively ceafe by means of any Warrant or Appointment made in purftance of this A ft; the Quantum or Amount of which Compenfation or Satisfaftion (hall from time to time be referred to and alcertained by fuch Perfon as the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefhi and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Land Revenues (by and with the Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, to be fignified by any Minute of the (aid Lords Commiffioners in Writing, or by Letter from any one of their Secretaries in purfoance of any fuch Minute 1, (hall for that Purpofe nominate and appoint on the Part of His Majefty, and by fuch indifferent Perfon as Audi be nominated and appointed on the Part of the (aid Walker Lord Biffiop of Rochefier ; aud in cafe the Referees, fo to be appointed as aforeurid, (hall not agree between themfelves touching or concerning the Quantum or Amount of fuch Compenfation or Satisfaction as afore* faid, then the Quantum or Amount of every fuch Compenfation or Satisfaction, fo to be made to the faid Walker Lord Bifhop of Rochefier as aforefiud, (hall be fettled, ascertained and determined by foch competent and indifferent Perfon as the faid rofpeftive Referees Audi, before they (hall refpeftively proceed to the Confideration of the Matters fo referred to them, by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint to aft as Umpire concerning the Premifet, and the Judgment and Determination of fuch Referees or Umpire therein (hall be final, binding and conclufivc, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and fuch Referees and Umpire are hereby refpeftively empowered to fend for Perfons and Papers, and to examine Witnefles upon Oath, if necefiary; which Oath any one of the Perfons fo to be nominated a Referee or Umpire as aforeffiid, is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter.

III.	And be it further eaafted, That if it (hall appear to the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time Ming, to be fit and proper that any Compenfation or Satisfaction (hould be made to any other Receiver, Officer or Officers, whofe Appointment (hall ceafe or whofe Office (hall be discontinued by virtue or in confequence of this Aft, for any Lofs which be or they (hall or may fuftain by reafon of the Ceflation ctf his or their Appointment or Appointments, or the Lofs or Discontinuance of his or their Office or Offices, or of any Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Advantages or Emoluments in refpeft thereof, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lords Commiffioners of Hit Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to make and allow unto any fuch Receiver or Officer as aforefaid, fuch Com* penfation or Allowance as they (hall deem juft and reafonable; which Compenfation and Allowance, and alfo fuch Compenfation and Allowance as (hall be made to the faid Walker Lord'Biffiop of Rochefier by virtue of this Aft, may be paid by the (aid Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or out of any Monies applicable as Land Revenues of the Crown i but this Aft, or any thing herein contained is not to veft in or give to any Receiver, Officer or Officers, other than and except

AJXltlfc	66*	GEO.	III.	C.ifc

Wa6mr laid Bsfeon of RocbeJUrf anj Right or Tide to cbamardemand amy Sotiih&ioB or Compen&Uon vraatfeever, for or in i^bA of fij of the Matters afanhid.

IT. And be k farther ended. That the Cotniniffoners for the tire fang of His Unfty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or fk Sawyur GenenI tor the time being of His Maiefty’s Land itfamn, flmil, at toon as conveniently may be after the paffing of do Ad, and from time to time thereafter when and as occafioa frail leqine, by and wkh die Confent and Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty** Treafiirv tor the time being, or any Three or more of them, hodi Confent and Approbation to be fignified by any Mhote of the laid Lords Ceimniffiooers in Writing, or hr Letter from any One of their Secretaries in pnrfnance of any fnen Minute, nominate or appoint fneh and fo many Perfons, being by Prnfrffiwi and accaftomed to ad as Surveyors of Lands or Land Strands, or otherwife lotted in the Management and Cultivation of Laadtf aad competent to the Superintendence thereof, as they (hatt dink requifite or mecefiary to be Receivers of the Rents, I fines. Revenues ad Profit* of aH and lagular Hit Maiefty’s Honors, Calks, Losdftiaa, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services

aad Oder Hereditaments aad Poffieffioas in the frurral Counties in Eagimd or IToks, within dm Ordering, Government and Survey of Hk Majeftr’s Court of Exchequer as afarefaid, (except, that during the Life of the God Walker Lord BiQtop of R$cbe^er% mo fuch Ap* pemtmeat frail extend to any of the faid Fofleffiom which are fituate m the Comtv of Middlr/ex, or in the City of London /) fo at every fach Pterion to to be nominated and appointed as afocefirid (hall be tfhkrm widen the County, or any one County, (if bis Appointment Maud to Two or more Counties,) or any Hundred, Diftrid or Dmfrn, in or lor which he Audi he to appointed to aft at fuch Recover as afbrefrid, and not eifewhere, unfels the Conurnffionevs for the char bring of His Myiv’i Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the find Surveyor General, wkh fuch Confrnt as aforefaid, frail think k expedient to difpenfe with fuch Reftdence ; and that every fuch Appointment frail and may be made by Warrant under the Hands and Scab of any Two or more of the Commiffioners far the time bong of Hi$ Msjefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or under the Hand and Seal of the faid Surveyor General for the dmehriagof His Majefty’s Land Revenues, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners for the time being of Hk Mucky's Treafory, to be fignified in manner aforefiud, and (hall ffafc and determine in cafe the Perfon thereby appointed (hall dif» Goorinue to refide in the laid County, or feme one County, Hundred, Diflrid or Dirifion, in or for which he (hall be fo appointed toiftn afrrefrid, nakfa fuch Refidence (hall be difpenfed wkh in manner afuedaid; aad every fuch Warrant may be in the Form or to the Eied in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to this A&, or as near sad fianbr thereto aa Circumftances will permk, and (hall be exempt from nay Stamp Doty whatever; and (hall be enrolled within One Cdttdar Month after the Date thereof, in the Office of the Aaxdkor

ot hntitturt, or a&ing Auditor or Auditors, of His Majefty’s Land Rtwwei for the County or Counties, Hundred or Diftri&, comprised k Wh Warrant, who frail receive and be entitled to the ufual Fees hr usiKfag the fiuac ; aad fuch Auditor or Auditors, or m&ing

Auditor

♦7

LaoS Surety of* to be appointed Receivers in

futures

fuch Receivers to be unseat in their Diftridb.

Form of Ay poiatmem.

Appointment to be enrolled.

Rental delivered to Receiver*

C.16.

56° GEO. Ill,

A.D. J

Putiei of Rectirers.

Receiver to tmftntt Report to Commiffioo-«rt of State of Fktaufcc.

Accounts to b« ■nnuilly made up and feat to Commiffioaen of Woods, Ax.

Auditor or Auditors, Audi, within One Calendar Month froi Date of the Enrolment of foch Warrant, deliver or caule to b livered to the Receiver thereby appointed, a true and- perfect R of the Land Revenue within the Divifion of Receipt of fuch ceiver, as fuch Revenue (hall then (land in charge before fuch Aw or Auditors, or a&ing Auditor or Auditors, and (hall from tin time thereafter amend and re&ify fuch Rental when neceflary, duly give in charge to be colle&ed by fuch Receiver, and (hall chj in Account againft fuch Receiver all Sums of Land Revenue wi (hall or may in any wife come in Charge before him or them.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Receiver fo to be pointed as aforefaid (hall and he is hereby required once at lead every Year to view and furvey every Part of the Eflate or E (bates, Hues, Rents, Revenues or Profits whereof (hall he in his Coiled/ or Receipt (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as (hall be charges only with the Payment of a Fee Farm or Quit Rent), and to cxami and infped the Field Book or Books, if any, kept by the Leflee Lefiees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof, ai which Book every fuch Leflee, Occupier or Tenant, or other Peril having the Cuftody thereof, is hereby required to produce to era fuch Receiver upon Demand, and to permit him to infped ar examine the feme; and every fuch Receiver (hall and if hereby it quired, within Two Calendar Months after each fuch Survey (ha be fo made or taken as aforefaid, to tranfmit to the Commiffioners fo the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues or to the Surveyor General for the time being of Hia Majefty’s Lam Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the adual Stott and Condition of the Premifes, and of the Cultivation and Manage ment thereof at the time of fuch View and Survey, and bow far tbt Covenants and Agreements under which the fame (hall be then held by the Leflee or Lefiees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof, have been obferved and performed, or whether the fame have been in any and what Refpe&s broken or infringed, and all fucb Cir-cumftancea relating thereto as (hall come to the Knowledge of tbs laid Receiver, or refpe&ing which he (hall have obtained Information in the Courfe of his feid Survey or otherwife, togetlier with his Opinion thereon $ and if any Alterations in the Mode of cultivating or managing fuch Efbates (hall appear to him to be expedient or requite, he Audi rate the fame in fuch Report, and his Reafons for thinking the fame fit or proper to be adopted.

VI* And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Receiver fo to be appointed as aforefaid (hall and he is hereby required to make up, or canfe to be made up annually, an Account in Writing of all Sums of Money whatsoever which (hall have become due and payable unto His Maiefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, and which fuch Receiver, by virtue of fuch his Office as aforefaid, or any Pcrfon or Perfons by any Authority from him, or by or with his Privity, Confent or Dire&oo, (hall at any time have colle&ed, gotten in or received, in rtfjped of any of the Poffeflions of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succefioi* of which he (hall be fo appointed Receiver as aforefaid, and of all fuch Payments, Allowances or Dedu&ions as (hall have been made thereout by him to any Perfon or Perfons; the Firft of which Accounts (hall be made up to the Tenth Day of OSober next enfuing the Date of the Warrant of Appointment of fuch Receiver! and every

fucceedmg

A.D.n\t

ws°GEoan.

C.16.

49

fecceefiy Accoant (hall begin from the End of the former Ac* i combed be node np to the Tenth Day of QBoktr in the following I Yer/sd neryfuch Receiver (hall tranfmit fuch Account within i Sr Okuhr Months after the Expiration of the Day or time to I rirtikdnne (fcafl or ought to be (o made up aa aforefhid to the I fi—fjRnnrn for the time being of Hit Majefty'a Wood*, ForefU i wi Lmd Revenues, or to the laid Surveyor General for the time Ijmg of His Majeftr'a Land Revenue*, or at or within fuch other 'food or time as fuch Receiver (hall be required, by Notice in Writing from the laid lift taentioned Conuniffiooers or tne laid Surveyor General, to tranfmit the fame.

VIL And be k further ena&ed. That every fuch Account, when fb tnofakted, (ball be examined, checked and infpe&ed in the Office of the (mdCbrnmiffioaers of Hi* M^efty’* Woods, ForefU and Land Rcvmoo, or of the foid Surveyor General; and when fo examined and approved by fuch Commiffiooers or Surveyor General, (hall be h&reredover to the Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Depedcsioi^time being, or to the ading Auditor or Auditors for the time being of the DiSrid in which the Edates and Pofieffions tflBEcW in fuch Account (hall be fatuate; or if the Duties now performed by ar m the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue tan be then transferred to any other Office, then every fuch Account M be b&wed over to fuch other Office; and fuch Auditor or Auditors, or bu or their Deputy or Deputies, or ading Auditor or ksfitas, or the Ferfon or Perlons to whom the Duty of auditing fuch Account* and making up the fame for Declaration (hall then be transferred, flail, and he or they is and are hereby required, within Tim Pindar Months after the Receipt thereof, to examine, try and and every loch Account; and when fo examined, tried and iw&ed by bin or them, to make up, or caufe the fame to be made op, according to the Form ia which the Accounts of the Receivers ot the Rents, /flues. Revenues and Profits of the Crown have been M tad accoflomed to be made up by the Auditor or Auditors thereof for Declaration; and when fo made up ihall be verified by the O^h of every fuch Receiver, which Oath any one of the Barons of the Cod «the Curfrtor Baron of the Exchequer, or any Commif-tioDtrfauktog Affidavits in the laid Court of Exchequer, or any m of the Cwmiffioners for the time being of His Majeity’s Woods, Forth ad Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time hag of His Majjefty’» Land Revenue, (hall be and is hereby era-povtred to adimaifter; and fuch Auditor or Auditors, or his or tier Deputy or Deputies, or ading Auditor or Auditors, or the Per* fa or PerfoM whole Duty it (hall then be to prepare and make up 1'ucb Account for Declaration, (hall afterwards prefent or caufe the ime Accoant to he piefented to the faid Chancellor or Under Trea* lira, or my one of the Barons aforefaid, for Declaration; and when foddared, and the Balance thereon (if any (hall be found due to His ftjtk bis Hein or Succeffora) (hall have been duly paid according inthKreSkai herein contained, a Quietus or Acquittance from the Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or fuch affim Auditor or Auditors, or from the Perfon or Perfons to whom tkroiiow perfumed by or in the Office of the Auditor of the Lad inane (hall be then transferred, (hall be made out to fuch il(cenf«r,hiHeirf, Executors or Adminiftrators, in the ufual Form, 56 Co, III.	E	and

Account* to be checked and examined in Office of Wood*.

To be finally pa(Ted by Audi*

Oath taken by the Receiver.

Quietus.

SO

C.l«.

S6n GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

PunUhment for taking falTe Oath.

Perjury.

Balances and Sums in Receiver's Hands, in what manner to be drawn out and applied.

Receiver’s

Allowance.

and which Quietus or Acquittance (hall be a full and perfed Dif-charge to fuch Receiver, for or in refped of all Monies received by him and comprifed in fuch Account.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any fuch Receiver or Accountant (hall wilfully forfwear himfelf in regard to any Article, Matter or Thin? relating to fuch Account, then fuch Receiver or Accountant (hall and may be profecuted for the fame; and upon Convidion thereof, (hall be fubjed and liable to fuch and the lame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury axe by the Laws in being fubjed and liable to.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That all Balances due or to become due to Hia Majefty on the periodically making up of fuch Accounts by the Auditor or Auditors thereof, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or the idling Auditor or Auditors as aforefaid, or by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Duty of making up the fame (hall be then transferred; and all fuch Sum or Sums of Money as prior to the afcertaining fuch Balances (hall be from time to time required to be paid on account or in refped: thereof, either by any Debenture or Debentures, or Inftruments in Writing from the laid Auditor or Auditors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or the a&ing Auditor or Auditors, or the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Dudes ta>w performed by or in the Offices of the Auditor of the Land Revenue (hall be then transferred, by virtue or in purfuance of any Warrant from the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty*8 Treafury for the rime being, or any Three of them, or by any Order m Writing from the Com-miffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, (hall be paid over by fuch Receiver as aforefaid, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, at fuch time or times, Office or Place, and in fnch manner as he (hall be direded or required by any fuch Debenture, Inftrument or Order to pay the fame 5 and in Default of fuch Dire&ion or Requiiition, then to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch manner, and at fuch time or times, and Office or Place, as the Receivers of His Majefty’s Land Revenues were immediately before the palling of this Ad, by the Laws and Statutes then in force, and the Ufage and Pra&ice in that Behalf, bound or required to anfwer, rendei' and pay the Monies in their Hands, on the Balances of their refpedivc Accounts.

X.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Receiver (hall have and be allowed, and (hall and may chaige, retain and dedud, in making up fuch his annual Accounts as aforefaid, One twentieth Fart of aft fuch Monies as (hall by him have been received within the time comprifed in fuch Account, and (hall be therein duly accounted for, as and for a Compenfation for his Trouble in colleding and receiving the fame Monies, and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all the Services to be performed by him in purfuance of this Ad, or in Execution of any of the Duties of his faid Office, or fuch other Compenfation not exceeding fuch One twentieth Part as aforefaid, as the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty*s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the faid Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty** Land Revenues, (hall, by and with the Confent ana Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners for the rime being of His Majefty** Treafury, to be (ignifted in manner aforefaid, from time to time order, dired or allow*.

XL And

AIXlSll

36* GEO. Ilk



Cl

1L Aad btk farther cnaAcd, That if sty Leflce ocLdTees, Ooi cnpaOccupin, Tenant •? Tenants, of any Eftatcs or Pofiefliona of dr Crown, the annual Rent or annual Value whereof dull exceed dr Smi of One hundred Pounds, (hall be m arrear, or bold in hit or BhrJHeda or Cnftody any Rent or Renta or mefae Profits, or other Jhafiti belonging the Crown anting from the Cud Eftate* or Poflef-fiaas far the Space of Three Calends' Months after the fame (hall hue become dor9 and after he or they (hall hare been applied to, either perfonalfy or by Letter from the Receiver for the Payment thereof, without paying oner the fame to the Receiver authorized and em-povsesedta receive the fame; then and in fuch cafe every fuch Perfan, liable to the Pay neat of aad who ought to have paid die fame* (hall he charged and chargeable with Intereft for fuch Arrear, to be calculated after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by die far, upon the Sum or refpedive Sums (o in Arrear, from the £hy er rime, Days or torn, at which each Half yearly Payment of the had Rent fio in arrear became due, up to the Day or time at or upon which the fame (hall be adually paid; and that fuch Intereft hall and may be added to the Rent or me foe Profit fo in arrear as afaeefaid, and (hall be recovered and received bv the lame Ways and Means is any Rent in arrear ie by Law recoverable, together with all Coda aad Expcncea to be fuftained or incurred in or about the Recovery thereof

KIL Aad be it further ena&cd, That in cafe any fuch Receiver or Recovers as afbrefaid (hall at any time have received or got into fafa or tfadr Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to the Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and (hall not wbhin One Calendar Month after the Receipt thereof give Notice thereof u 'Writing to the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty*s Woods, Eorefts and Land Revenues, or to the faid Surveyor General, to the latent that the fame may from time to time thereafter he drawn out, called far or applied as Occafion may require ; then and in fach cafe every fuch Receiver (hall be charged and chargeable with latmft for every fuch Sum after the Rate above mentioned, from the Day or time. Days or times, at which it (hall have been fa neared, until it (hall be drawn out of his Hands, or paid over by him to the proper Officer, Commiffioners, or other Perfons by Law entitled to receive the fame.

XllL And be it further eroded, That it (hall be lawful for every Perfeo who (ball be fo appointed Receiver as afbrefaid* and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by virtue of fuch his Appointment, alone sod without any farther Order, Warrant or Authority whatsoever, by lumfelf, or any Perfan whom he (hall for that Purpofe depute, to make my Dtfbefe or Diftrefie* far any Rent or Rents winch (hall be dm » asrear or unpaid from any LeSise or Leffees, .Occupier or Occopion, Tenant or Tenants, of any of the Effatea or PoflefGon* which (hall be in the CoUe&ion, Receipt, or Management of fuch Recciwt, and tbn Goods, Chattels and Effe&s fa di{trained, to im-paudffall and difpofe of; and all Sheriffs, Mayors, Juftices, Bailiffs, CuiaMcs, Hmdhorougha aid other Officers and Miniilers of Juftice, ntherrbr dueled and required to be aiding and affifting fach Renter hi* Substitute in the making fach Diftrefa or Diftreffes, and the ewadfag* fdbog and difpofing of the Goods, Chattels or Ef-fats he taken, or diftnaned, aad in all other Matters relating (	E	2	‘	thereto*

U0M rod

Tenants m arrear to pay

Intereft.

Five Pounds per

Cent, per Annum.

Receivers keeping Money in Hand, or concealing Receipts of Money charged with Inured.

Receivers empowered to dfr train for Rents in arrear.

52

Provifo.

Receiver to give Security to account, and for due Execution •f hit Office.

Form ot Security.

Enrolled.

Pnrnfo for Pofleffions in the County of Middlefex or City of London, during the Life of Walker Biihop of Ro* cheftcr.

C. 16.	36® GEO. III.	A.D.	1816.

thereto, or to the Execution of the faid Office, as Occafion (kail require s Provided always, that every fuch Receiver (hall, and he ia hereby required, in making or caufing to be made any fuch Diftrefs, and in relation to any Queftion or Queftions at Law or otherwife which may arife thereupon, to obey and conform to all fuch Orders and Regulations as (hall be given him in that Behalf by the Com-miffioners of His Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue*, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenue. •

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Perfon fo to be appointed Receiver as aforefaid, (hall, before he (hall exercife or execute the faid Office, or anywife intermeddle in the Exercife or Execution thereof, enter into a Bond or Obligation, in fuch Penalty and •with fuch Sureties as the Commiffioners for the time being of Hit Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’a Treafury, to be fignified in manner aforefaid, (hall direct or require for the faithfully anfwering and accounting for the Rents, I(Tues, Revenues and Profits, to be by him received by virtue of fuch his Appointment ; and for the doing, executing and performing all fuch Services and Duties as are hereby required, or (hall in manner afbre-faid by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or by the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the faid Surveyor General, with the Confent of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, to be fignified in manner aforefaid, be from time to time, by any Minute, Order or Writing, dire&ed or required to be done or performed in relation to fuch Office as aforefaid; and every fuch Bond may be in the Form or to the Effeffc in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Ad annexed, or as near and fimilar thereto a9 Circumftances will permit, and (hall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and (hall have the Effed of a Statute Staple to His Majefty, his Heirs or Suc-ceffors, for the anfwering and Payment of all and every Sum or Sums to become payable by virtue thereof, and (hall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Premifes to which the fame relates, within the Space of One Calendar Month next after the Date thereof, to whom the ufual and accuftomed Fees (hall be paid for enrolling the fame, and (hall be depofited and kept in the Office of the Commif-fioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or of the faid Surveyor General for the time being.

XV.	Provided always. That during the Life of the faid Walker Lord Bifhop of Rocbefter> this Ad or any thing herein contained (hall not extend to any of His Majefty’s Honors, Lordfliips, Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Pofleffions or Hereditaments, which are fituate within the County of Middlefex or the City of Londo», or to determine or vacate the Office of Receiver of the I dues, Renta and Revenues thereof, fo held by the faid Walker Lord Biihop of Rocbefier, under or by virtue of the faid Letters Patent, but that the find Letters Patent and the Appointment thereby made, fo far as refpeds fuch Honors, Lordfliips, Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Pofleffions and Hereditaments, in the faid County of Middle* fex, and ia the (aid City of London, and the Rents and Revenues thereof, and the Office of Receiver thereof, (hall be sad remain as

15	valid

56* GEO. III.

C.16.

as

'valid aaddTe&ual, and he the faid Waller Lord Bifliop of Raebe/ler^ by hhafdf and hit Deputy or Deputies, (hall continue to receive the IfTuef, Rents and Revenues thereof, and to pafs his Accounts in regard thereto, in fuch or the like manner, and to have fuch and the Eke Fees, Salaries, Allowances or Emoluments, in refped of fuch h& mentioned Honors, Lord (hips, Manors, Mefliiages, Lands,. Tenements, Pofleffions and Hereditaments, as if this A A had never been palled; and that no Bond, Obligation or other Security, given or entered into by the faid Waller Lord Bifl&op of Roebefien or any Perfon or Perfons as his Surety or Sureties for the due Execution of his faid Office, (hall be in any manner vacated, annulled, rendered void or prejudiced by this prefent Ad; but that every fuch Bond, Obligation or Security (hall be, remain and continue in full Force and Effed, with reference to the faid PofieiEons in the faid County of Middlefox and in the laid City of London, any thing herein contained or to be done in purfuance of this Ad, or any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVL Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That from and after After Decetfv the Deceafe of the (aid Waller Lord Biihop of Rocbetter, all the Re- of Bifhop, Regulations, Directions, Powers, Claufes and Provifions herein contained	uf Ad

mall extend to comprife and be applicable to the faid Honors, Lord- 2 ihips. Manors, Mefliiages* Lands, Tenements, Poffeffions and Here- ^ County of ditamenu, in the County of Middkfe*% and in the City of London, Middlefex and and the Rents and Revenues thereof, and the Appointment of all fub- City of London, fequent Receivers thereof, which Receivers may be Surveyors of Lands or of Houfes, or other competent Perfons, as fully an deffed-ually, and in fuch and the like manner as if fuch Honors, Lord (hips,	. .

Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Pofleffions had been originally included in and fubjeded to the faid Regulations,

Diredions, Powers, Claufes and Provifions of this Ad.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That this Ad, or any Auditor’* Fes thing herein contained, or to be done in purfuance hereof, (hall not "<*. to extend or be conftrued to take away, abridge or diminifh any of the abrid*®d " Fen, Perquifites or Allowances which the feveral Auditors of His iWIy y * Majefty’s Land Revenues have been ufed and accuftomed to take, receive, or be allowed, for the Execution of any of the Duties of their itfpediw Offices before the paffing of this Ad.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER.

By the Commiffionere of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues [or, by the Surveyor General of Hit Majefty’s Land Revenues].

TO all to whom thefe Prefents (hall come, We

and	Two	of	the	Commiffioners

of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, [or, I

Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Land Revenues] lend greeting: Know ye, that we the faid and	[or,	I	the	faid

] repofing efpecial Truft and Confidence in the Cut, Skill and Probity of if. B, of	in

the Corny of	Land	Surveyor,	(by	virtue	and	in

E 3	exercife

G.16.

66° GEO* IIL

A.D.ltflA

exerdfe of the Powers and Authorities veiled in us [or, in me] by an Aft palled in the Fifty firth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King Georre the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this A8], by and whn the Confent and Approbation of the Lords Coromif-fionera of His Majefty’s Treafury,) have nominated, conftit tried and 'appointed, and by this our [or, my] Warrant do nominate, conftitute and appoint the (aid A. B. to be Receiver of the Rents, iffues, Revenues and Profits of all and lingular His Maje&y’a Honors, Caftles, Lordlhips, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and other Hereditaments and Pofleflions whatsoever in the [infert the Counties, DtfhiBs, Divifions or Places to which the Appointment is meant to extend] together with all Arrears thereof: To have and to hold the faid Office and Offices unto the faid A, B. during His Majefty’s Pleafure, or until the Lords Comnoiffioners of HisMajefty’s Treafury, or any Three of them, or the faid Commiffioaers of His hfajefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or the faid Surveyor General, by any fnftrunfent or Document in Writing (hall determine the Appointment hereby made; he the Cud

A.	B. having, taking and retaining out of the Rents, Iflues, Revenues and Profits aforefaid during his Continuance in the faid Office, and for the Performance and Execution of the Duties thereof, [here infert the Allowance of One twentieth Part, or fitch other Compenfation as Jhall he avreed to he allowed]: Provided always, that if the (aid A. B. (hall not diligently and faithfully levy, colleft and receive the Rents, Miies, Revenues and Profits aforeCud, and pay and apply the fame in the manner direfted and required by the faid Aft, or (haQ not duly and faithfully account for all fuch his Receipts within the times thereby appointed or to be appointed in purfuance thereof, for the rendering fuch Accounts, or if he (hall not duly and faithfully execute -and perform all other the Duties of the faid Office of Receiver [and if Loeal Rtjidence he required, then fay! or if he (hall ce&fe or difcontinne to dwell and rende within the faid [infert the Counties or DifiriOs] or fome or one of them, or if thefe r relents Stall not be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the County or Counties of [mfirt the Counties or DiflriBe] afbvefiud, witiun the Space of	next	after the Date hereof $ then and in

either of fuch cafes, thefe Prefents and (he Appointment hereby made (hall be void and of no Effeft. In Witnefs whereof we the faid

and	[or,	I the (aid

] have to this our [or, my] Warrant, fet our Hands and Seals, [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day of	in	the	Year	of	the Reign

of our Sovereign Lord	and	in	the	Year of our

Lord

Signed, fealed and delivered by the above

named

is the Prefence of

SCHE-



56* GEO* 111

CIS.

SCHEDULE (B.) FORM OF BOND.

KNOW* Mc« by thdle Prefent* Th* wc,J.& ot	C.

and E.F.

of

we Md aed firmly bound to our Sovereign Lord [infert the Kmft Name} by the Grace of God, of the Uuted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* King, Defender of tie Faith, in the Sum of \jnfert the Penalty] Pounds of lawful Money of the faid United Khedom, current in Great Britain* to be paid to oor faid Lord

Ins Heirs and Succeflors; for which Payment well to be made. We bind ourfelves, and every of us, jointly and ftmnltj* far and in the whole, our Heirs, Executors and Adnhnftrators, and every of them, firmly by thefe Prefeats, feakd with our Seals. Dated the	Day	of

in the	Year of the Reign of the faid

King, and in the Year of our Lord •

WHEREAS the above bounden A* B. hath been recommended aa a proper Parfen to he appointed Receiver General, and the Confine tod Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners of Hit Mnk&f* Tieafory hath been obtained for appointing the laid A. B. to be^ end he is accordingly about to be appointed Receiver General of aO and fingolar the Rents, Iflbes, Revenues and Profits of Hit M^ehy’s Honors, Cadies, Lordflups, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rems, Servieea and other Hereditaments and Pofieffiont, fituate in the ^fiere «nfert the Cemtiiee, Ds/bi*i, Dini/jonj or Places intended to he compnftd in the Jhfomtment} together with all Arrears thereof, during His Makiy's rtnfure, or until the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefiy's Tremary, or any Three of them, or the Commiffioners of His Maftdy’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty's Laid Revenues, by any Indrumcnt or Document in Writing, flail determine rich Appointment: Now the Condition of the above written OUwarion is fach, That if the faid A* B. da0 an4 do mn rime to rime, and at all times after fuch Appointment dell he made, fo loog as he Audi continue in the faid Office, wed aad truly coUcdfc, get in and receive, or ufe his bed Endeavours wefl md truly to colled, get in tod receive, all and Angular the Rents, lines. Revenues and Profits which fbaU arife or grow due to His (hall have arifen or grown due and remain in Ar-mr to His liriedy, his Hems or Succeflors, from or out of or for or in lefped of His Matjefty^s (aid Honors, Cattles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Services and. other Hereditaments and Poffeffions, of wrick he the laid A* B.	Audi be fo appointed Receiver as

tfercfindj and rife if he the faid A. B.	(ball	and	do	from

trite to tune, for and during fo long time aa he (hall continue in the fail Office, well and fiuthmlly make up, or caufe to be made up Watty, a true and perfedk Account in Writing of all Sums of Racy whatsoever, which Audi have arifen or become due and pay-too His Majefty, bit Hein or Succeflors, and which he the faid A.h.	by	virtue	of	bis	Cud	Office, or any Perfon or Per*

foot by mj Authority from him, or by or with his Privity, Confent er Duedris, dull at any trim have levied, colleftid pr received, in

E 4

refpe&

C.16.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

refpeft of any of the Eftates or Pofleffions of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffore, of which he the faid A. B.	(hall be fo

appointed Receiver as aforefaid; and do and (hall tranfmit the fame Account to the Commiilioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, at or within fuch time or times as is or are in and by an A€t palled in the Fifty Hath Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [ in/ert the Title of this AS\ directed in that Behalf, or as the faid Commiffioners or Surveyor General (hall, by any Order in Writing, from time to time require, and do and (hall pafs and verify every fuch Account in the manner dire&ed by the faid A&; and if he the faid A. B. do and (hall well and truly anfwer and pay all fuch Balances as (hall be or become due to His Majefty upon the periodically making up of every fuch Account as aforefaid, and all fuch Sum or Sums or Money as (hall be from time to time required to be. paid on account thereof prior to the afoertaining fuch Balances, either by any Debenture or Inftrument in Writing from the Auditor or ading Auditor, or by any Order in Writing from the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, at fuch time or times, and Office or Place; and m fuch manner as he the faid A. B. (hall be dire&ed or required by any fuch Debenture, Inftrument or Order to pay the fame; and in default of fuch Dire&ion or Requifition, to fuch Perfons, and in fuch manner, and at fuch time or times as the Receivers of His Majefty’s Land Revenues were immediately before the paffing the faid A&, by the Laws and Statutes then in force and the Ufage and Practice in that Behalf bound or required to anfwer, render and pay the Balances of their refpe&ive Accounts and any Sums of Money on account of fuch Balances; and if the faid A. B. do and (hall, once at leaft in every Year fo long as he (hall continue in the faid Office, view and furvey every Part of all fuch Eftates of which he (hall be fo appointed Receiver as aforefaid, as he (hall in the Execution of the Duties of his faid Office, under the Provifions of the faid A&, be required to view and furvey, and examine and infpe& the Field Books kept by the Lefiee or Leffees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof xefpe&ively, and do and (hall, within Two Calendar Months after every fuch Survey (hall be made or taken as aforefaid, tranfmit to the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the State and Condition of the Eftates and Premife*£o furveyed, and of the Cultivation and Management thereof, and how far the Covenants or Agreements under which the fame are or (hall be held have been observed or performed, or whether the fame have been in any and what refpe6U broken or infringed, and all fuch Circumftances relating thereto as (hall have come to the Knowledge of him the faid A* B. or refpe&ing which he (hall have obtained Information in the Courfe of his faid Survey or otherwife, together with his Opinion thereon ; and if he the faid A. B. (hall and do within the Space of One Calendar Month after he (hall at any time have received or got into his Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to The Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hundred

56° GEO. III.

57

C. 16,17.

dred Pounds, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’t Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the faid Surveyor General for the time being of Hia Mqefty’i Land Revenues; and alfo if he the faid A* B. (half and do, during fo long time as he (hall continue in the faid Office, well and truly execute all fuch Duties as are required by the faid Ad to be performed by Perfons holding any fuch Office, and obferve, obey, perform and execute all fuch Orders, Rules and Inftru&ons as ne hath received or (hall from time to time receive from the Lords Coin* miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, (to be fignibed by any Minute of the faid Lords Commiffioners in Writing, or by Letter front any One of their Secretaries in purfuance of any fnch Minute,) or from the Chancellor or Under Treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, or from the Commiffioners for the time being of JHis Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, touching or concerning the Pre-mifes or the Execution of the Office or Employment aforefaid ; and if he the faid A. 3. (hall and do in all other Refpeds faithfully and truly execute and perform the Duties of the faid Office, and all the Truftt which (hall be repofed in him as fuch Officer as aforefaid, then the above written Obligation (hall be void, otherwife the fame (hall be and remain in full Force and Virtue.

Signed, fealed and delivered by the above*) named	v

in the Prefence of	j

CAP. XVII.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain.	[nth	April	1816.]

*	TT7 HE REAS feveral of the additional Duties of Excife granted

‘ W by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43 G* 3* c. 8x.

*	His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for granting to If is Majejly

*	until Tmlve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty

*	of Peace, certain additional Duties of Eueife in Great Britain, and

*	certain additional Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff imported

*	into Great Britain, granted by an A61 made in the Forty fixth 4$ G. 3. c. 39.

4 Year of His laid Majefty’s Reign, and the Duties inferted, defcribed

4 and fet forth in the Schedule marked (B) annexed to another Ad 4 made in the Forty fixth Year of His (aid Majefty’s Reign, and 46 G. 3. c.ioa. 4 certain additional Duties of Excife on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitsc 4 or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain, granted by another 4 Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, 47	c*®7*

4 would have expired at certain limited times after the Ratification of 4 the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the fame been continued:

4 And Whereas the fame were and are by an Ad made in the Fifty 55	3*c* *7-

4 fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign continued until and upon 4 the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred apd fixteen,

*	and it is expedient further to continue, the fame in manner herein-4 after mentionedBe it therefore eaaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fuch of Duties con

the tinued by

C.17,18,19.

56° GEO. Ilf.

AD. 1810*

55 G. 3. c.»7. fuither continued till July 5,1821. except Malt*

49 G 3- c 9s*

Sch (A.)

Export Duty on Lead fulpended.

47 G 3. c. M..

the faid Duties of Excife by the faid Ads granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the (aid Fifth Day of July One tboufand eight hundred and fixteen, and are by the laid Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty continued until and upon the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be and the fame refpe&ively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, fave and except the Duties on Malt made in England and Scotland,\ or brought from Scotland into England, granted by the faid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

CAP. XVHL An Aft to fufpend, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.	£	11 th April 18x6.]

WHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty9# Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 fevoral Duties of Cnfioms chargeable in Great Britain, and for grants 4 ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule marked 4 (A.) Outwards, annexed to the faid Ad, a Duty of Cuftoms * is to be raifed, levied, colledcd and paid unto His Majefty, his 4 Heirs and Succcfibrs, in ready Money, of Three Pounds and 1 Ten Shillings upon Lead, caft or uncaft, the Ton contaimngTwentj ‘ hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain : And Whereas it 4 is expedient to fufpend for a limited time the faid DutyBe it therefore enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Ad the Payment of the faid Duty for or in refped of fuck Lead, on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain% fhall be fuf-pended until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP* XIX.

An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, an Ad of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. [1 xth April 1816.]

WHEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar was granted and allowed by an Ad pafled in the Forty 4 feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled Am AS to allow 1 for Two Tears from and after the patting of this AS an additional 4 Bounty on double refined Sugar, ana to extend former Bounties on 4 other refined Sugar to fuch as Jhatt be pounded,, crafted or broken ; * and to,allow for One Tear certain Bounties on Briti/b Plantation 4 raw Smear exported; an d which faid additional Bounty on double * refined Sugar has been by feveral fubfegnent Ads continued until * the Fifth Day of April < jne thoufand tight hundred and fixteen ; 4 And Whereat it is expedient that the laid additional Bounty on * double refined Sugar fhoi dd be further continued Be it therefore enaded by The King’s file ift Excellent Msyefty, by and with the

Advice

«T GEO.IIL

59

Aim sad Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Conwn, in this prelent Parliament affeinbled, and by the An* xhoritj of the fame. That the laid additional Bounty on double Additionit refined Sugar fhall be and the fame is hereby revived and further con-	°#L	a

tinned from the laid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred s^/funher sod fix tern, until the Fifth Day of July One tboufand eight hundred continued, aa4 fixteen.

CAP. XX.

An Ad to male further Provifion for the Execution of the feveral A£ks relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland.	[nth	April	i8i6«]

WHEREAS the Commilfioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties and the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland refpedivtly, purfuant to the Powers and Authorities in them veiled by Law for that Purpofe, have been ufed and accuftomed to appoint, in mod for the feveral and refpedive Diftri&s in Ireland (except the Diftrid of Dublin)% a Number of Sub Commiffioners for the Purpofir of hearing, trying and determining all Complaatsand Informations for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by the feveral Ads in force in Ireland refartuijj r to the Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Taxes refpe&ively; and Three of fuch Sub Commiffioners or the Majority of them, have been n£ed and accuftomed to give Judgment and award Exe-cution thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether in cafes where the Sub Commiffioners of any Diftrid exceed Five in Number die Majority of fuch Sub Commiffioners be not necelfary to conihtute a competent Court to hear, try and determine any fuch Complaint or Information :* For the removing of the faid Doubts, he it eroded by The Bang's Moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Trot from and after the paffing of this Ad all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence againft or any Breach of any Ad or Ads in florae or to be in force in inland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the laid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or either of them, which fhall have been or fliall be committed within any Diftrid in Ireland fexcept die Diftrid of Dublin), fhall and may be heard, tried and determined before any Three or more of the Sub Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Post Dudes, or before any Three or more of the Sub Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes of fuch Diftrid, as the cafe may be, and that any and every Judgment or Execution which flail be given or awarded by the Majority fitting on the Trial of any fuch Complaint or Information fhall be valid and effe&ual to aft Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

IL Provided always, and be it evaded. That nothing in this Ad comained fhall take away or in any manner affed the Remedy af Appeal provided for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by an

Ad

Informations for Recovery of Fine* (except in Diftrid of Dub. lin) may be determined before Three Sub CommiiTioners.

Appeal.

60

C. 20- ,

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

14 5c is Car. a.

(1-J

46 G. 3. c. xo6.

Parties atid Witnefles 10 be fummoned.

Colleton and Sub Commit (toners may iflTue Summons to Parties and Wit-nefTes to appear on Trials of Information.

Penalty.

Goods feized may be claimed by Confignees on certain Conditions.

A6b made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for fettling of the Excife or new Impofl upon His Majejjy* his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein tnferted; or in and by Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’8 Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral ASs relating to the Revenues y Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties t and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife andTaxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

* III. And Whereas in and by the laid recited Aft made in the 4 Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His faid late 4 Majefty Charles the Second, it is amongft other things enafted, that 4 the Sub Commiilioner8 as therein mentioned (hair be authorized

*	upon any Complaint or Information to proceed to Examination

*	of the Matter of Faft by fummoning or cauiing Parties and Wit* 4 neflea to be fummoned to appear before them by cauiing Summonfes 4 in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or other Officer there-4 unto appointed, to be left at the ufual Place of Abode or Habit-4 ation of fuch Party or Witnefs: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 provide for the more eafy and convenient iifuing of fuch Summons 4 or Notice Be it therefore ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Colleftor of Cuftoms or Excife, or any Perfon appointed by fuch Collectors refpeftively, or to and for any Sub Commiffioner of the refpeftive Diftrifks, to fign and ifltie any Notice or Summons to Parties and Witneifes to appear on the Trial of any Complaint or Information exhibited in fuch Diftri6t, and every fuch Notice or Summons which (hall be fo figned and iffued fhall be as good, valid and effe6tual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been iffiied purfuant to the Diredions and Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King Charles the Second, any Thing in the faid Ad to the contrary notwithftanding; and in cafe any rerfbn who (hall be duly fummoned to be a Witnefs as aforefaid (hall negled to appear witnout reasonable Excufe for fuch Negled, or appearing (hall refttfe to give his, her or their Teftimony concerning the Matter in Queftion, every fuch Perfon for every fuch Negled or Refufal (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize (hall be feized after the landing thereof in Ireland* for any Offence againft any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to any Matters and Things under the Management of the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, it (hall and may be lawful for the Confignee or Confignees thereof to claim fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize on behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, fuch Confignee or Confignees making an Affidavit before the Officer em. powered to receive iuch Claim o? the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the real Owner or Owners of fuch Goods, Wares wad Merchandize, and alfo giving Security by Bond to His Majefty, with Two fufficient Sureties to be previoufly approved of by the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or by the Colledor or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms for the Diftrid within which fuch Claim mall be entered, in the Penalty, of One* hundred Pounds, or fuch further Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as (hall be reafonably deemed fufficient by fuch Commiffioners, CoUcdtor or

other

66° GEO. III.

C.20.

61

other Officers, to anfwer and pay the Cofts which may be occafioned by fodi Claim, in cafe of the Condemnation of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fuch Cofts to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputy $ any thing in the before mentioned Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prelent Majefty’s 46G.3. c.io6. Reign, or any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof not withftan ding.

9 V. And Whereas under and by virtue of the feveral Ads in Penalties to bo

•	force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things levied in Britifli 4 under the Management of the faid Commiifioners of Cuftoms and Currency,

•	Port Doties, and of the faid Commiifioners of Jnland Excife and n? fet 4 Taxes refpediveiy, the feveral pecuniary Fines, Penalties and For- 'hint?

4 feitures inflided or impofed by the faid Ads are direded to be r

• payable and to be paid and received in Britijh Currency5’ Be it further ended, That m fuing for any fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, it ihaJl not be neceflary to fpecify, mention or fet forth in the Complaint or Information, or in any Judgment given thereon, or in any Warrant to be iflued founded upon fuch Judgment, the Currency in which fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture mall be paid or receivable, but every fuch Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture (hall be levied, recovered and paid, according to the Amount thereof in Briti/h Currency.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That any Goods, Wares or Mer- period allowed

chandize which may have been or may be warehoufed or otherwife for clearing fecured without Payment of Duty in Ireland, may be permitted and p00* war*’ allowed to remain warehoufed or otherwife fecured beyond the Period	**

now allowed by Law for clearing and taking the fame from and e * out of Warehoufe; and that the Period for which any Goods, Wares

or Merchandize are allowed by Law to be bonded or warehoufed in

Ireland^ may be extended in like manner and under like Regulations

in Ireland) as are direded and required with refped to Goods ware*.

houfod in Great Britain, by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 0.3. c. 106.

His piefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for allowing further

time for taking Goode out of Warehoufe andpaying Duties thereon.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all Pensdties and Forfeitures Penalties to be under this Ad fhall be paid and payable in Brityb Currency, and levied in Brhilh Ball be railed, levied, colle&ed, paid, fued for, recovered and applied Currency.

in fuch manner and under fuen Powers and Authorities, and by foch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Directions, as are appointed, direded and exprelfed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by the faid recited Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or in and by the laid recited Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland,\ relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fuHy and dfe&nally to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein repeated and reenaded, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for tie Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the faid recited Ad of the fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty Kac Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid» m pnmfcL

VttL And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, na_ ^ amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent altered, fcc. fieffan of Parliament.

CAP.

C 21,23.

56° GEO. III.

AJD.M18.

17 O.3. c.30.

*7 0.3. c. 16. 3> O.3. e. 3*.

CAP. XXI.

An A£l to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Reftri£lions upon Payments in Cafli by the Bank of England, an Adi for fufpending the Operation of an Adi of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for reilraining the Negociation of Promifibry Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England*

Cuth April 1816.3

T17HEREAS an A61 was paifed in the Seventeenth Year of VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for reftraining for a limited time the Negociation of Promiffory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds : And Whereas the faid A61 was, by an A A paffed in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, made perpetual: And Whereas by an Adi pafied in the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, the faid firft recited Adi, fo far as the fame relates to the making void of Promiffory Notes, Drafts or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum lefs than tne Sum of Five Pounds m the whole, and alfo to the reftraining the publifhing or uttering and negociatmg of any fuch Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as afbrefaid, was fufpended until the Firfl Day of May then next: And Whereas the faid Adi of the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty hath by feveral fubfequent Adis been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and amended ; and it is expedient that the fame fhould be revived and further continued 5' Be h therefore enadled by the King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Adi of the fo far as fufpend* Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, fo far as the fame fufpends the faid J7 0.3. c.30. A61 of the Seventeenth Year aforefaid, (hall be and the fame is here-tinued! C°n~ by revived from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and fhall be further continued, as amended, from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Reftfi6lion upon Payments in Cafh by the Bank of England.

37G. 3-

CAP. XXII.

An A61 for the more effedlually detaining in Cuftody Napoleon Buonaparte*	[r ith April 1816*}

4 Tff 7 HEREAS it is neceffary for die Prefcrvation of the 4 VV Tranquillity of Europe, and for the general Safety, that 4 Napoleon Buonaparte fhould be detained and kept in Cuftody as is 4 hereinafter providedBe it therefore euaded; and k is hereby fnafted by Tue King's Mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of For detaining the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs Napoleon and Succeffors, to detain and keep the laid Napoleon Buonaparte in ?u2*3*rt4*° the Cuftody of fuch Perfoa or Perfbn%in fiich Place within His Cuftod*	Majefty*

A.D. 1816.

56# GEO. Ill

C.21L

88

Majefty’* Dommions, and under fuch Reftri&ions, during the Plea-fure of His Majefty, hit Heirs and Succeffors, at to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, (hall from time to time feem fit.

II.	And be it further enabled. That the laid Napoleon Buonaparte % who (hall bs bang m Inch Cuftody as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be, treated at a and (hall be treated and dealt with at a Prifbner of War, except Prifoner of only m fo far at by His Majefty, hit Heirs and Succeflbrt, (hall at w,r*

any time, or from time to time, be other wife dirtied ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for Hit Majefty, bit Heirs and Succeflbrt, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of hit or their Principal Secretaries of State, to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon Appointing Per-or Perfons, being His Majefty’s Subject or Subie&s, as to His j°n»to have the Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrt, (hall feem fit, to have the Cuftody Cuttocv * of the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte ; and from time to time, by like to change tbs Warrant to change tbe Place, and to appoint fuch other Place, as to Phce;

His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, (hall feem fit, in which the

find Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept; and by like and to remove

Warrant to authorize and empower any Perfon and Perfons to remove him.

the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte from the Place m which he now is, or

(ball at any time hereafter be £o detained and kept, and to convey him

to fuch other Place as (hall be fo appointed as aforefaid ; and tnat it For calling in

(haft and may be lawful for fuch Perfon and Perfons fo appointed or Affiflsacs.

to be appointed as aforefaid, to call to his or their Aid and Affiftance

all or any Perfons, beine Subje&s of His Majefty, or owing Allegiance

to His Majefty, for tne detaining and keeping the faid Napoleon

Buonaparte in Cuftody as aforefaid, or for the removing or convey*.

ing him as aforefaid, as Occafion may require: And that all and Power to ufr

every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo appointed or to be appointed as Metm fcr do-

aforefaid, and all and every Perfon and Perfbns who (hall be called

to his or their Aid and Affiftance, (hall have full Power and Authority uoo*p e*

to ule all Ways and Means for the detuning and keeping the faid

Napoleon Buonaparte in fuch Cuftody, and for the Prevention of tbe

Refcue or Efcape of the faid Napoleon Buonaparte from and out of

facb Cuftody, and for the retaking the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in

cafe he (hall be refeued or (hall efcape from and out of the fame,

an might be lawfully ufed for the detaining and keeping in Cuftody,

and tar preventing the Refcue or Efcape of, and for tbe retaking any

Prifaaer of War.

III.	And be h further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Perfons refeuiof being a Subject or Subje&s of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty,1 or attempting » hk Hews or Succeffors, (ludl refcue or attempt to refcue the (aid 55fcu* 01 “ Napoleon Buonaparte, or (hall knowingly and wilfully aid or affift in *****

the Efcape of the faid Napoleon Buonaparte, or in any Attempt to efcapei from fuch Cuftody as aforefaid, or from any Limits or Bounds wherein he now it or at any time hereafter (hall or may be detained aod kept in Cuftody as aforefaid, or in which he (hall or may be fsfieved to go at large within the Limits of any Ifland or Country*

Territory or Place, or within the Limits of any Diftrift or Bounds within any Ifland or Country, Territory or Place, upon Parole or without Parole, all sad every fuch Perfon and Perfbns fo offending, foD apoa being convi&ed thereof be adjudged guilty of Felony, tad (hall /offer Death as in cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Dtath.

Oagf.

IV. And

6*

C. 22.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

For preventing the further Efcape.

Prohibiting any Atiiftance of Efcapc upon the High Seas.

WhereOf-fences may be tried.

For detaining Perfons charged with Offences.

General Ifftie.

IV.	And be ft further enaAed, That if any Perfon or Perfons, being SubjeAs of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, (hall knowingly and wilfully aid, am ft: or further the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in quitting any Part of any IHand, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds of any DiftriA of fuch Ifland, Country, Territory, or Place, within which he may have been confined or luffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he (hall have been refcued, or have efcaped or departed from any Place of Cuftody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he (hall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, (he or they (hall be deemed guilty of aiding the Efcape of the faid Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Provifions of this AA.

V.	And be it further enaAed that if any Perfon or Perfons, being a SubjeA or SubjeAs of His Majefty or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, after the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall have been refcued, or nave efcaped or departed from and have quitted the Ifland, Country, DiftriA or Territory, within which he (hall have been detained and kept in Cuftody as aforefaid, or have been fuffered to go at large, upon Parole or without, or after he (hall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have efcaped or come, (hall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, aftift or further the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in efcaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatfoever, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be. adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further enaAed, That all Offences again ft this A A, wberefoevcr the fame (hall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majefty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majefty’s Dominions called England\ in like Manner, and by a Jury of fuch County, as if fuch Offences had been committed within fuch County ; and that in eveij Information or IndiAment for fuch Offence, fuch Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in fuch County.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That all Perfons who (hall be apprehended, detained or in Cuftody, charged with any Offence againft this AA, may be detained m Cuftody and fent to England, in order to their being proceeded againft and tried for fuch Offence.

VIII.	And be it further enaAed, That if any AAion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or IndiAment, (hall be brought, fued or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done under or by virtue of this AA, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Ifloe, and (hall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleaded, and in fuch manner as any Juftice of the Peace, Conftable or other Officer, queftioned for Matters aAed by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of die Matter of their Juftification upon the General Kbe by them pleaded, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP,

AJX181S.

56° GEO. IIJ.

C. 2S.

65

cap. xxra.

An A€t for regulating the Intercourfe with the Iiland of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte fhall be detained there; and for indemnifying Perfons in the Cafes therein mentioned.	[nth April 1816.]

*	117 HE RE AS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept

*	W in Cuftody in the Ifland of Saint Helena : And Whereas it

<	is requifite and neceffary to prohibit all Intercourfe and Commu-

*	nicaboD with the faid Ifland of Saint Helena* either by His Majefty’s

*	Sub«d£& or by any other Perfon or Perfons, except under the

*	Reftri&ions and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-

*	tions hereinafter fet forth and prefcribed, during fuch time that

*	the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and Kept, or (hall be

*	ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcflors, to be detained

<	and kept in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena /* Be it therefore ena&ed, and it is hereby ena&ed by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for and during fuch time as the hud Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept in Cuftody, or /hall be ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, to be detained and kept in Cuftody in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, it (hall not be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, or for any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (except in Ships or Veflels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to toe Eajl Indiet* duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the faid Ifland, by the faid United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William* the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay* or by the faid Company’s Supra Cargoes in China*) to trade, go, fail or repair to the faid Ifland of Saint Helena* without the Licence of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffora, flgned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Confent and Per-xntffion of the Governor, or in his Abfence, of the Deputy Governor of the (aid Ifland for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces ftationed off or at the (aid Ifland; and if any Perfon or Perfons (except as before excepted 1 other than fuch as (hall be thereunto lawfully authorized by fuch Licence of Hia Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or fuch Per-miffion or Confent as aforefaid, (hall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the (aid Ifland of Saint Helena* he or they (hall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Mifdemeanour, and (hall and may be proiecoted for the fame in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench here in England, upon Information exhibited by His Majefty’s Attorney General, or upon Indiftmcnt found; in which Information or lodt&ment fnch Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in the Countv of Middlesex ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall on Conviction be liable to fuch Punifliment by Imprifooment and Fine, or either, as the Court (hall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

56 Gan. III.	f II. And

During the time Buonaparte fliail be in Cuftody in Saint Helena, no Communication to be permitted.

Trading, *c. without Licerce of The King or the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint Helena.

C.2S.

&«G£&in.

AJX1816.

««

Perfonj offending may be fcised, and brought to England, to await tbeir Trial.

Perfons landing (ocher than Officers and Seamen belonging to Ships of War) (hall return to the Ship when ordered, or be taken into Cuftody.

Remaining in the Ifiand without Licence.

Puniihtaent.

II* And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons fo offending (hall and may be feized and brought to England for the Purpofe of being fo tried $ and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majefty’s Ju dices of the Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to commit all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until fufficient Security be given by natural born Bubjc&s Or Denizens, to appear in His Majefty’s Cofirt of King’s Bench at	to	anfvter	any	Information ot Iftdi&metit ex-

hibited or found, or to be exhibited or found, agtinft him or them, and Hot to go or depart oat off Coart, or oat off this Kingdom, without Leave of the faid Court.

HI* And be it further efta&ed, That if any Perfon who (hail arrive at the faid Ifland on board any Ship or Veflel of and belonging to, or chartered or employed by the faid United Company as aforefaid, fhall land on the faid Ifland from on board the fame, or (hall land on the faid Ifland from any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels of War, (except the Officers and Seamen of and belonging to fuch Ship or Veflel Of War,) fhall not, when thereunto ordered and required hy the faid Governor, Or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time being of the faid Ifland, forthwith return to atod repair oa board fuch Ship or Veflel from Which he fhall have fo landed as aforefaid, it (halt find may be lawful for the (aid Governor, or in his Abfencfe’the Deputy Governor for the time being, to feite and detain every fuch Perfon until he or (he can be fent, and to fend hitti or her on board the faid Ship or Veflel from which he or (he fo landed as aforefaid; and every Perfon who (hall have fo landed from any fuch Ship or Veflel as laft aforefaid, who fhall, after the Departure of fuch Ship or Veflel from the faid Ifland, remain on the faid Ifland without the Licence, Permiffion and Confent of the faid Governor, or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time being, fhall be deemed guilty of a Mifdfcmeanor, and fhall and may be dealt with, profecuted and punifhed in the fame manner and form as Perfons itfho ffiaU, without Licence, Permiffion and Confent as aforefaid, land from

Veffels (except Veffels belong* ing to the Com pny,6rc.) trad-tog or touching

any other Ship, Veflel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or employed by the faid United Company, or ordered by the laid Company, or their SeVvants as aforefaid, to proceed to or rendezvous at the faid Ifland.

IV. And be it further cna&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Governor, or in his Abfence the Depdty Governor off the faid Ifland for the time being, or for the Commander for the time being of His Majetty’s Naval or Military Forces ftationed off atBS«L«UHeiaM. at the faid Ifland refpe&fvely, and the'Perfons a&ing under bis or their Orden and Commands refpe&ively, by all neceffary Ways and Means to hinder and prevent any Ship, Veflel or Boat, Ships or Veffels or Boats, (except Ships and Veflels of and belonging to or chartered by the laid United Company of Merchants, and alio duly licenfed by the faid Company for that Purpofe, as hereinbefore mentioned,) from repairing to, trading or touching at the laid Ifland, or having-any Communication with the fame; and to hinder and prevent any Perfon or Perfons from ’landing upon the faid Ifland from fuch Sllips, Veffels ot Boats, and to feize and detain oil and every Perfon and Perfons that Audi land upon the faid ifland from the fame * and all fuch Ships, Veflels or Boats (except as above excfcpted^aa

id

A.D.181&

36° GEO. III.

C.23.

67

(hall repair to, or trade, or touch at the faid Ifland, or Aall be found

bowing within Eight Leagues of the Coaft thereof, and which (hall

or may belong, in the Whole or in Part, to any fubjed or Subje&s

of His Majefty, or to any Ferfon or Perfons owing Allegiance to

Hit Majefty, (hall and are hereby declared to be forfeited to Hit Forfeited, feiicd

Majcfty, and (hall and may be feized and detained, and brought to *nd brouJhl ta

Rutland^ and (hall and may be profecuted to Condemnation by His

Majefty’s Attorney General, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Re* r°

cord at WdhmnfUr, in fuch manner and fora as any Ship, Veflel or

Boat may be feized, detained or profecuted, for any Breach or Viol*

arioa of the Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country ; and the

Offence for which fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, (hall be proceeded againft

(hall and stay be laid and charged to have been done and committed

in the County of MtddUfcx ; and if any Ship, Veflel or Boat, not be* Foreign Veflels

longing in the Whole or in Part to any Perfon or Perfons the Subject hovering and not

or Sobje&s of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, his Heirs and departing on

Sncceflors, (hall repair to, or trade or touch at tne faid Ifland of 0rder»

Saint Helen** or (hall be found hovering within Eight Leagues of

the Coaft thereof, and (hall not depart from the faid Ifland or the

Coaft thereof when and fo foon as the Matter or* other Perfon having

the Chatge and Command thereof (hall be ordered fo to do by the

Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the faid Ifland for the time

being, or by the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military

Force ftarioned at or off the feid Ifland for the time being, (unlefs in

cafe of unavoidable Neceffitv, or Diftrefs of Weather,) (uch Ship or

Veffel fitaU be deemed forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and feized and pro-

detained and profecuted in the fame manner as is hereinbefore ena&ed fecuted.

as to Ships, Veflels or Boats of or belonging to any Subject or

Subie&s of His Majefty.

V.	* Provided always, and be k ena&ed, That if any Ship or Provifo for Veflel (hall happen, by Strcfs of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other VeflUs driven inevitable Accident or other urgent Neceffity, to be driven or forced fe8”?6 to the fesd Ifland, and from luch Caufe to touch thereat, and the sainV Matter or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or Veflel (hall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Caufe thereof, to the Governor, or fo his Ah fence to the Deputy Governor of the faid Ifland for the time being, or to the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces for the time befog, or one of them ; and (hall, during the time that fuch Ship or Veflel (hall be permitted to remain at the faid Ifland, fo all things conform to the Dire&ions and Orders of the (aid Governor, or in nis Abfence of the faid De-put ~	^	'	*	m ’	" ”	de-

em

Paflengers of and belonging to the faid Ship or Veflel, as and when ®We ”ot UaWet0

the (aid Governor, or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the Forfeuure*

rime befog, or the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military

Forces at the laid Ifland for the time being, or either of them, (hau

dired and require ; fuch Ship or Veflel (hall not be fulled to For*

fekure, nor (hall the Owners or Matter or Crew thereof, or any Per-

fea or Perfons on board the fame, who (hall fo conform to fuch

DMbous and Orders as aforefaid, be liable to any of the Pains,

Pcedties or Puni foments hereinbefore mentioned i Provided never- Onui probandi thelela, that the Proof of fuch Ship or Veflel having been drive* on P*rty claim-or forced to repair to and touch at the faid Ifland, by Strefs of Wea* in& Ex«mrlkM^

F 2

ther,

C.17, 18,19.

56° GEO. Ilf.

A.D. 181(1

55 G.3. c.17 fjither continued till July 5, 1821. except M»lt.

49 U 3. c 98.

Sch (A.)

Export Duty on Lead ful pended.

47 G 3. c. 12..

the faid Duties of Excite by the faid Afts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the (aid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and are by the (aid Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hia faid Majefty continued until and upon the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be and the fame refpe&ively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, fave and except the Duties on Malt made in England and Scotland, or brought from Scotland into England\ granted by the faid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

CAP. XVUL An Aft to fufpend, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.	[1 Ith April 1816.]

4 HERE AS by an Aft pafied in the Forty ninth Year of His 4 W prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An Ad for repealing tie 4 fevaral Duties of Csjftoms chargeable in Great Britain, andfor grant-4 ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule marled 4 (A.) Outwards, annexed to the (aid Aft, a Duty of Cuftomi 4 is to be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, his * Heirs and Succcfibrs, in ready Money, of Three Pounds and < Ten Shillings upon Lead, caft or uncaft, the Ton containing Twenty 4 hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain : And Whereas it 4 is expedient to fufpend for a limited time the faid Duty ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the raffing of this Ad the Payment of the faid Duty for or in refpeft of fuch Lead, on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain% (hall be (impended until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP- XIX.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of Judy One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, an Aft of the Forty ferenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. [nth April 1816.] * \1I7HEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar 4 V V was granted and allowed by an A ft pafied in the Forty 4 feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to adoa ‘ for Two Tears from and after the patting of this A3 an additions! 4 Bounty on double refined Sugar, ana to extend former Bounties 00 4 other refined Sugar to fuch as Jbatt be pounded, cralbed or broken; 4 and to, allow for One Tear certain Bounties on Briti/b Plantation 4 raw Sugar exported; an d which faid additional Bounty on double 4 refined Sugar has been by federal fubfeqnent Afts continued until 4 the Fifth Day of April (jne thoufand ejght hundred and fixteen: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the laid additional Bounty on 4 double refined Sugar (hoidd be further continued Be it therefore enafted by The King’s ,Muft Excellent Msyefty, by and with the

Advice

A.D. 1816.	56*	GEO.	IIL	C.	19,80.

AAnice aad Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this prefcnt Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid additional Bounty on double refined Sugar {hall be aad tbe fame is hereby revived sad further condoned from the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufend eight hundred aad fixteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred aad fixteea.

CAP. XX.

An A£k to mate further Provifion for the Execution of the federal A£fcs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland.	[i	ith April i8i6>]

WHEREAS the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties and tbe Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in * Ireland refpediwly, purfuant to the Powers and Authorities in ‘ them veiled by Law for that Purpofe, have been ufed and ‘ accuftomed to appoint, in and for the feveral and refpedive Diftri&s * in Ireland (except the Diftrid of Dublin), a Number of Sub * Commiffionero for the Purpofe of hearing, trying and determining * ail Complaints and Informations for tlie Recovery of Fines, Penalties * and Forfeitures impofed by the feveral Ads in force in Ireland 4 relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Taxes refpedively; 4 and Three of fuch Sub Commiffioners or the Majority of them, • have been ufed and accuftomed to give Judgment and award Exe-4 cation thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether in cafes 4 where tbe Sub Commiffioners of any Diftrid exceed Five in * Number the Majority of fuch Sub Commiffioners be not neceflary * to conftftute a competent Court to hear, try and determine any 4 fuch Complaint or Informations' For the removing of the faid Doubts, be it enaded by The Song's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliaipent aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of tlus Adi all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence againft or any Breach of nay Ad or Ads in force or to he in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the find Commiffionero of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of the faid Commrifioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or either of them, which (hall have been or Audi be committed within any Diftrid in Ireland f except the Diftrid of Dublin), {hall and may be heard, tried and determined before any Three or more of the Sub Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or before any Three or more of the Sub Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes of fuch Diftrid, as the cafe may be, and that any aad every Judgment or Execution which Audi he given or awarded by the Majority fitting on the Trial of any fuch Complaint or Information {hall he valid and effedual to n& htau and Porpofes whatfoever; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing in this AA cammed Audi take away or in any maimer affed the Remedy of Appeal provided for the Party or Parties aggrieved in aad by on

Ad

59

Additional Bounty on double rtfined Sugar further continued.

Informations for Recovery of Fines (except in Diftrid of Dub-lin) may be determined before Three Sub Commiflioners.

Appeal.

C. 20.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

14 & 15 Car. a.

(10

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Parties aftd Witnefles to be fummoned.

Colle&ora and Sub Coramif-fioners may iflue Summons to Parties and Wit-neflTec to appear on Trials of Information.

Penalty.

Goods feized may be claimed by Confignees on certain Conditions.

A fit made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled Jin Ad for fettling of the Excife or new Impoft upon Hit Majefty, bit Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffionert of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commifftoners of Inland Excife andTaxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

‘ III. And Whereas in and by the faid recited Aft made in the 4 Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His faid late 4 Majefty Charles the Second, it is amongft other things enafted, that 4 the Sub Comminioner8 as therein mentioned (hall be authorized

*	upon any Complaint or Information to proceed to Examination

*	of the Matter of Faft by fummoning or caufing Parties and Wit-‘ neifes to be fummoned to appear before them by caufing Summonfes ‘ in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or other Officer there-4 unto appointed, to be left at the ufual Place of Abode or Habit-4 ation of fuch Party or Witnefs: And Whereas it is expedient to

*	provide for the more eafy and convenient iiTuing of fuch Summons

*	or Notice 5* Be it therefore enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Colleftor of Cuftoms or Excife, or any Perfon appointed by fuch Colleftors refpeftively, or to and for any Sub Commiffioner of the refpeftive Diftrifts, to fign and iffue any Notice or Summons to Parties and Witnefles to appear on the Trial of any Complaint or Information exhibited in fuch Diftrift, and every fuch Notice or Summons which fhall be fo figned and ifliied fhall be as good, valid and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been iffued purfuant to the Direftions and Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King Charles the Second, any Thing in the faid Aft to the contrary notwithftanding; and in cafe any rerfon who fhall be duly fummoned to be a Witnefs as aforefaid fhall negkft to appear without reasonable Excufe for fuch Negleft, or appearing fhall refufe to give his, her or their Teftimony concerning the Matter m Queftion, every fuch Perfon for every fuch Negleft or Refufsl fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enafted. That whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize fhall be feized after the landing thereof in Ireland, for any Offence againft any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to any Matters and Things under the Management of the Com-miffioner8 of Cuftoms and Port Duties, it fhall and may be lawful for the Confignee or Confignees thereof to claim fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize on behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, fuch Confignee or Confignees making an Affidavit before the Officer cm. powered to receive fuch Claim o? the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the real Owner or Owners of fuch Goods, Wares ami Merchandize, and alfo giving Security by Bond to His Majefty, with Two fufficient Sureties to be previoufly approved of by the laid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or by the Colleftor or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms for the Diftrift within which fuch Claim mail be entered, in the Penalty of One* hundred Pounds, or fuch further Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as fhall be reafonably deemed fuflieient by fuch Commiffioners, Colleftor or

other

A.D. ISIS.

66° GEO. III.

C.20.

61

other Officers, to anfwer and pay the Cofts which may be occafioned

by foci Claim, in cafe of the Condemnation of fuch Goods, Wares

or Merchandize, fuch Cofts to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer

of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputyj any thing in the before

mentioned Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty's 46 G. 3. c. iod.

Reign, or any A€t or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary there*

of notwfthftanding.

* V. And Whereas under and by virtue of the feveral Ads in Penalties to bo 4 force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things levied in BritHh

•	under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Currency,

•	Port Doties, and of the (aid Commiflioners of .Inland Excife and 4 Taxes refpedively, the feveral pecuniaiy Fines, Penalties and For*

4 feitures infiided or hnpofed by the faid Ads are direded to be f

• payable and to be paid and received in Britijh CurrencyBe it further enaded. That in fuing for any fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfei* tore, it fhall not be neceflkry to fpecify, mention or fet forth in the Complaint or Information, or in any Judgment given thereon, or in any Warrant to be iflued founded upon fuch Judgment, the Cur* rencyin which fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture mall be paid or receivable, but every fuch Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture (hall be levied, recovered and paid, according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That any Goods, Wares or Mer- Period allowed chandize which may have been or may be warehoufed or otherwife fee clearing fecured without Payment of Duty in Ireland, may be permitted and pood# wm~ allowed to remain warehoufed or otherwife fecured beyond the Period	**

now allowed by Law for clearing and taking the fame from and ** out of Warehoufe; and that the Period for which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are allowed by Law to be bonded or warehoufed in Ireland, may be extended in like manner and under like Regulations in Ireland, as are direded and required with refped to Goods ware*, honied in Great Britain, by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 0.3. c. 106. His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for allowing further time for taking Goads out of Warehoufe andfaying Duties thereon.

' VII. And he it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties to be under this Ad (hall be paid and payable in Briti/b Currency, and levied in BritHh fhall be railed, levied, colleded, paid, fued for, recovered and applied Currency, in fuch manner and under fuen Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Directions, as are appointed, direded and exprefled for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by the faid recited Ad made in Irelstnd in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or in and by the laid recited Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in'Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fuHy and effeduatty to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein repeated and reenaded, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the laid recited Ad of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty Km$ Charier the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid, is provided.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered,	^

•mended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent altered, Scffioa of Parliament*

C.21,22.

56° GEO. III.

AJD.1410.

CAP. XXI.

17 G. 3. c.30.

*7 G.3. C.l6.

3)0.3. c. 3a.

3? 0.3. c.31. fo far as fufpend* 17 G.3. c.30. further continued.

An A ft to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Reftriftions upon Payments in Cafh by the Bank of England, an Aft for fufpending the Operation of an Aft of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for reftraining the Negociatkm of Promiilory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England

[nth April 1816.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, for reftraining for a * limited time the Negotiation of Prominory Notes and Inland Bills 4 of Exchange for Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds : And 4 Whereas the faid Aft was, by an Aft pafled in the Twenty feventh 1 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, made perpetual: And 4 Whereas by an Aft pafled m the Thirty leventh Year of the Reign « of His prefent Majefty, the faid firft recited Aft, fo far as the fame 4 relates to the making void of Promiffory Notes, Drafts or Under-4 takings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, 4 for any Sum lefs than the Sum of Five Pounds in the whole, and alfo 4 to the reftraining the publifhing or uttering and negociating of any 4 fuch Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as afbrefaid, was fufpended 4 until the Firft Day of May then next: And Whereas the faid Aft of 4 the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty hath 4 by feveral fubfeqnent Afts been continued until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and 4 amended 5 and it is expedient that the fame fhould be revived and 4 further continued ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Aft of the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, fo far as the fame fufpends the faid Aft of the Seventeenth Year aforefaid, (hall be and the fame is hereby revived from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and (hall be further continued, as amended, from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Reftriftion upon Payments in Ca(h by the Bank of England.

CAP. XXII.

An Aft for the more effeftusdly detaining in Cuftody Napoleon Buonaparte.	[nth April iS

4 \17HEREAS it is necefiary for the Prefenration of tk* 4 VY Tranquillity of Europe, and for the general Safety, that 4 Napoleon Buonaparte fhould be detained and kept in Cuftody » in 4 hereinafter provided Be it therefore enafted5 and it in hereby fnafted by Tie King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Coin-mom, m this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of For detaining the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Heir* Napoleon ^ and Succeffors, to detain and keep the faid Napokon Buonaparte in oll2!3*rt*m the Cuftody of fuch Perfon or Perfbne, in fuch Place within H» Cuftody>	Majefty	*»

A.D. 1816.

56* GEO. III.

C.22.

69

Mqeftr’j Dominions, and under fuch Reftri&ona, during the Plea, fore of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, as to Ms Majefty, his Hdrs and Succeflbrs, (hall from time to time feem fit*

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the laid Napoleon Buonaparte* wh0 <hsl! be being m foch Cuftody as aforefaid, {hall be deemed and taken to be, treated ss a ad (hall be treated and dealt with as a Prifbner of War, except PHfoner of only in fo hr at by His Majefty, his Hein and Soccefibrt, (hall at War# say time, or from time to time, be- otherwise direfled; and that it fluJl and may be lawful for His Majefty, bis Heirs and Succeflbrs, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of his or their Principal Secretaries of State, to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon Appointing Per* or Perilous, being His Majefty’s Subjc& or Subie&s, as to His jom to have the Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, (hall feem fit, to have the Cuftody Cuttody • of the laid Napoleon Buonaparte ; and from time to time, by like to dungs tbs Warrant to change tbe Place, and to appoint fuch other Place, as to Phcs;

His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, (hall feem fit, in which the find Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept; and by like and to remove Warrant to authorize and empower any Perfon and Perfons to remove ***** the laid Napoleon Buonaparte from the Place in which he now is, or flail at any time hereafter be lb detained and kept, and to convey him to fuch other Place as (hall be fo appointed as aforefaid; and tnat it For callh* im (hall and may be lawful for fuch Perfon and Perfons fo appointed or Affifence. to be appointed as aforefaid, to call to his or their Aid and ASftance all or any Perfons, being Subje&s of His Majefty, or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, for toe detaining and keeping the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in Cuftody as aforefaid, or for the removing or convey* ing him as aforefaid, as Occaiion may require: And that all and Power to uft every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo appointed or to be appointed as MelM ** *•" aforefaid, and all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall be called ~in,ng to his or their Aid and A {finance, (hall have full Power and Authority U00IParte* to ufe all Ways and Means for the detaining and keeping the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in fuch Cuftody, and for the Prevention of the Rricoe or Efcape of the faid Napoleon Buonaparte from and out of filch Cuftody, and for the retaking the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in cafe he (hall be refeued or (hall efcape from and out of tbe fame, as might be lawfully ufed for the detaining and keeping in Cuftody, aod for preventing the Refcue or Efcape of, and for the retaking any Prifbner of War.

HI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Perfons refrains being a (Subje& or Subje&s of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty,,or attempting » bis Hears or Succeflbrs, {hall refcue or attempt to refcue the (kid 5^°* ** “ Napoleon Buonaparte* or {hall knowingly and wilfully aid or aflift in ***** the Efcape of the faid Napoleon Buonaparte, or in any Attempt to efcape mas fuch Cuftody as aforefaid, or from any limits or Bounds abatis he now it or at any time hereafter (hall or may be detained sad kept in Cuftody as aforefaid, or in which he (hall or may be fuffeved to go at large within the Limits of any Ifland or Country*

Territory en Place, or within the Limits of any Diftri& or Bounds within any Ifland or Country, Territory or Place, upon Parole or withopt Parole, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons fo offending, ftall upon being convi&ed thereof be adjudged guilty of Felony* and JKall {offer Heath as in cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Death.

Cfcrgy.

IV. And

C. 22.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

For preventing the further Elcspe.

Prohibiting any Aliiftance of Efcapc upon the High Seas.

Where Offences may be tried.

For detaining Perfons charged with Offences.

General Ifltie.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, being Subjefts of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, (hall knowingly and wilfully aid, arnft or further the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in quitting any rart of any Ifland, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds of any Diftrift of fuch Ifland, Country, Territory, or Place, within which he may have been confined or fuffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he (hall have been refcued, or have efcaped or departed from any Place of Cuftody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he (hall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, (he or they fliall be deemed guilty of aiding the Efcape of the flud Napoleon Buonaparte% under the Provifions of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enafted that if any Perfon or Perfons, being a Subjeft or Subjeds, of His Majefty or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, after the faid Napoleon Buonaparte Audi have been refcued, or have efcaped or departed from and have quitted the Ifland, Country, Diflrid or Territory, within which he (hall have been detained and kept in Cuftody as aforefaid, or have been fuffered to go at large, upon Parole or without, or after he (hall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have efcaped or come, fhall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, aflift or further the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in efcaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatfoever, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhaU be. adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all Offences again ft this Aft, wberefoevcr the fame fhall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majefty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majefty’* Dominions called England,» in like Manner, and by a Jury of fuch County, as if fuch Offences had been committed within fuch County ; and that in every Information or Indiftment for fuch Offence, fuch Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in fuch County.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who fliall be apprehended, detained or in Cuftody, charged with any Offence againft this Aft, may be detained m Cuftody and fent to England, in order to their being proceeded againft and tried for fuch Offence.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indiftment, fliall be brought, fued or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Iffue, and fliall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleaded* and m fuch manner as any Juftice of the Peace, Conftable or other Officer, queftioned for Matters afted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Juftification upon the General Iffue by them pleaded, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP,

AJD.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.2S.

66

CAP. XXIII.

An A& for regulating the Intercourfe with the Ifland of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte fhall be detained there; and for indemnifying Perfons in the Cafes therein mentioned.	[nth	April 1816.I

*	117 HE REAS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept

*	W in Cuftody in the Ifland of Saint Helena : And Whereas it < is requifite and neceffary to prohibit all Intercourfe and Commu-‘ location with the laid Ifland of Saint Helena, either by His Majefty’s

*	Subie&k or by any other Perfon or Perfons, except under the ‘ Reftri&ions and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-

*	tions hereinafter fet forth and prefcribed, during fuch time that

*	the faid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept, or (hall be

*	ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to be detained ‘ and kept in the (aid Ifland of Saint Helena /’ Be it therefore enaded, and it is hereby cnaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for and during fuch time as the hud Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept in Cuftody, or (hall be ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, to be detained and kept in Cuftody in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, it (hall not be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, or for any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (except in Ships or Veffels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indiet, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the faid Ifland, by the faid United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the faid Company’s Supra Cargoes in China,) to trade, go, fail or repair to the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, without the Licence of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, figned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Confent and Per-miflion of the Governor, or in his Abfence, of the Deputy Governor of the faid Ifland for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces ftationed off or at the faid Ifland; and if any Perfon or Perfons (except as before excepted) other than fuch as (hall be thereunto lawfully authorised by fucn Licence of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or fuch Per-miffion or Confent as aforefaid, (hall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, he or they (hall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Mifdemeanour, and (hall and may be profecoted for the fame in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench here in England, upon Information exhibited by His Majefty’s Attorney General, or upon Indi&ment found; in which Information or Indi&ment fuch Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex ; and all and every Perfon or Patous (b offending (hall on Convktion be liable to fuch Puniftiment by Imprifonment and Fine, or either, as the Court (hall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Ullage to the contrary notwithstanding.

56 Gan. III.	f	II. And

During the time Buonaparte fluii be in Cuftody in Haim Helena, no Communication to he permitted.

Trading, *e. without Licence of The King or the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint Helena.

«*

Perfbns offend* ing may be felted, and brought to England, to await their Trial.

Perfbns landing (ocher than Officers and Seamen belonging to Ships of War) ihall return to the Ship when ordered, or be taken into CuAody.

Remaining in the Ifiand without Licence.

Punifhmeot.

Veffeis (except Veffeis belonging to the Com-juny,5rc.) trading or touching at Saint Helena

C. 23.



A.D.1816.

II. And be it further enabled, That all and every Perfon and Perfons fo offending (hall and may be feized and brought to England for the Purpofe of being fo tried; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to commit all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until fufficient Security be given by natural born Sutjje&s dr Denizens, to appear in His Majefty’s Codrt of King's Bench at Wfjhntnfttts to anfWer any Information ot Indictment ex>-hibited ot found, or to be exhibited or found, agtinft him or them, and Hot to go or depart out of Court, or out of this Kingdom, without Leave of the faid Court.

IIL And be it further eUa&ed, That if any Perfon who (hall arrive at the laid Ifiand on board any Ship or Veffel of and bekrtgung to, or chattered or employed by the faid United Company as aioreiaid, fliaH latid on the faid Ifland from on board the fame, or (hall land on the hud Ifiand from any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffeis of War, (except thie Officers and Seamen of and belonging to fuch Ship or Vefiel Of War,) (hall not, when thereunto ordered and required by the faid Governor, Or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time being of the faid Ifland, forthwith return to atad repair on board fuch Ship or Veffel from which he (hall have fo landed as aforefaid, it (halt and may be lawful for the (aid Governor, or in his Abfence'the Deputy Governor for the time being, to feifee and detain every fuch Perfon until he or (he can be fent, and to fend hits or her on board the faid Ship or Veffel from which he or (he fo lauded as aforefaid; and every Perfon who fhaH have fo landed from any fuch Ship or Veffel as laft aforefaid, who (hall, after the Departure of fuch Ship or Veffel from the faid Ifland, remain on the faid Ifiand without the Licence, PCrmrffion and Confent of the faid Governor, or in bis Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time being, (hall be deemed guilty of a Mtfdtmeanor, and (hall and may be dealt with, profecuted and punifhed in the fame manner and form as Perfons Who (hall, without Licence, Permiffion and Confent as aforefaid, land from any other Ship, Veffel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or employed by the faid United Company, or ordered by the faid Cora* pany, or their Servants as aforefaid, to proceed to or rendezvous at the faid Ifiand.

IV. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall afid may be lawful to and for the Governor, or in his Abfence the Depdty Governor of the faid Ifland for the time being, or for the Commander for the time being of His Maje tty’s Naval or Military forces Rationed off or at the faid Ifiand refpe&ivety, and the'Perfons acting under bis or their Orders and Commands refpe&ively, by all neceflary Ways and Meahs to hinder and prevent any Ship, Vefiel or Boat, Ships or Veffeis or Boats, if except Ships and Veffeis of and belonging to or chartered by the laid United Company of Merchants, and auo duly licenfecl by the faid Company for that Purpofe, fcs hereinbefore mentioned,) from repairing to, trading or touching at the (aid Ifiand, or having any Communication with the fame; and to hinder and prevent any Perfon or Perfons from landing upon the faid Ifitad fro* fuch Ships, Veffeis or Boats, and to feise and detain ted every Perfon and Perfons that (hall land upon the faid ifland from the fome* and all fuch Ships, Veffeis or Boats (except as abote

*

%

%

Oj

$

Or found hovering.

A.D.181&

36° GEO. III.

C. 23.

67

(ball icpsr to, or trade, or touch at the (aid Ifland, or Audi be found honing within Eight Leagues of the Coaft thereof, and which (hall or my belong, in the Whole or in Part, to any fuhjcdfc or Subjects of His Msjefty, or to any Perfon or Perfons owing Allegiance to HkHajefty, Audi and are hereby declared to be forfeited to His Majefkj, and (hall and may be fetzed and detained, and brought to %/W, and fliali and may be profecuted to Condemnation by His Aujefty’i Attorney General, in any of His Majefty’s Courts .of Re* cord st We&mnfler, in fuch manner and form as any Ship, Veflel or Boat may be feized, detained or profecuted, for any Breach or Violation of the Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country ; and the Offence for which fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat, (hall be proceeded againft (hall and may be laid and charged to have been done and committed in the County of MtddUfix ; and if any Ship, Veflel or Boat, not belonging in the Whole or in Part to any Perfon or Perfons the Subject or Sabjc&s of or owing Allegiance to His Majeffcy, his Heirs and Soccrifors, (hall repair to, or trade or touch at tne faid Ifland of Smut Helens, or (hall be found hovering within Eight Leagues of the Coat thereof, and (hall not depart from the fatd Ifland or the Coaft thereof when and fo foon as the Mafter or other Perfon having the Charge and Command thereof (hall be ordered fo to do by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the faid Ifland for the time being, or by the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Force (btioned at or off the (aid Ifland for the time being, (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable Neceffity, or Diftrefs of Weather,) Such Ship or Vcfid flail be deemed forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and detained and profecuted in the fame manner as is hereinbefore ena&ed as to Slops, Veffels or Boats of or belonging to any Subje& or SoKefibof His Majefty.

V. Ptovided always, and be k ena&ed, That if any Ship or Vdrfftafl happen, by Strefs of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other inevitable Aocideat or other urgent Neceffity, to be driven or forced to the fad Ifland, and from foch Caufe to touch thereat, and the Mifler or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or Veflel foift forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Caufe thereof, to the Governor, or in his Abfence to the Deputy Governor of the faid Ifland for the time being, or to the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces for the time being, or one of them ; and fall, daring the time that fuch Ship or veflel (hall be permitted to imam at the fatd Ifland, in all things conform to the Dire&ions and Orders of the faid Governor, or in nis Abfence of the faid Deputy Governor for the time being; and the faid Ship or Veflel (hall quit the (aid Ifland, and depart therefrom, with all the Crew and Pafeegers of and belonging to the faid Ship or Veflel, as and when the fad Governor, or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the dot befog, or the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces A the faid Ifland for the time being, or either of them, (hall foeft sad require; foch Ship or Veflel (hall not be fu1ye£fc to For* feme, nor (hall the Owners or Mafter or Crew thereof, or any Perfuse Perfons on board the fame, who fliali fo conform to fuch and Orders as aforefaid, be liable to any of the * Pains, or Puni foments hereinbefore mentioned i Provided never-thriefoftit the Proof of fuch Ship or Veflel having been drived or forced to repair to and touch at the faid Ifland, by Strefs of Wea-F 2	ther,

Forfeited, feized and brought to England for

Profecution.

Foreign Vefleb hovering and not departing on Order,

feixed and pro. fecuted.

Provifo for Veflel* driven by Strefs of Weather into Saint Helena*

Such Veflel* departing when able not liable to Forfeiture.

Onus probandl

on Party claiming Exemption,

A

C.16.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. I*

refpeft of any of the Eftates or Pofleffions of His Majefty, his Trz or Succeffors, of which he the faid A. B.	(hall b

appointed Receiver as aforefaid; and do and Hull tranfmit the- i Account to the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majei Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor Gren for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, at or wi fuch time or times as is or are in and by an Aft palled in the F fixth Year of the Reign of His Majefty king George the Third, i tided [infcrt the Title of this Atf] direfted in that Behalf, or aa faid Commiffioners or Surveyor General (hall, bv any Order Writing, from time to time require, and do and (hail pafs and vei every (uch Account in the manner direfted by the faid Ad ; « if he the faid A. B. do and (hall well and truly anfwer and pay fuch Balances as (hall be or become due to His Majefty upon , periodically making up of every fuch Account as aforefaid, and fuch Sum or Sums ot Money as (hall be from

to be paid on account thereof prior to the a	o

lances, either by any Debenture or Inftrument in Writing from t Auditor or afting Auditor, or by any Order in Writing from t Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Fore! and Land Revenues, or any two of them, or from the Survey General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, I fuch Perfon or Perfons, at fuch time or times, and Office or Plac and in fuch manner as he the (aid A. B* (hall be direfted or require by any fuch Debenture, Inftrument or Order to pay the fame; an in default of fuch Direction or Requifition, to fuch Perfons, and i fuch manner, and at fuch time or times as the Receivers of Hi Majefty’s Land Revenues were immediately before the palling tb faid Aft, by the Laws and Statutes then in force and the Ufag and Praftice in that Behalf bound or required to anfwer, render an< pay the Balances of their refpeftive Accounts and any Sums o Money on account of fuch Balances; and if the (aid A. B. do am (hall, once at leaft in every Year fo long as he (hall continue in tlx faid Office, view and furvey every Part of all fuch Eftates of which he (hall be fo appointed Receiver as aforefaid, as he (hall in the Execution of the Duties of his faid Office, under the ProviGons of the faid Aft, be required to view and furvey, and examine and infpeft the .Field Books kept by tbe Leflee or Leflees, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants thereof refpeftively, and do and (hall, within Two Calendar Months after every fuch Survey (hall be made or taken as aforefaid, tranfmit to the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General for the time being of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, a true and faithful Report in Writing of the State and Condition of tbe Eftates and Premifea-fo furveyed, and of the Cultivation and Management thereof, and how far the Covenants or Agreements under which the fame are or (hall be held have been observed or performed, or whether the fame have been ip any and what refpefts broken or infringed, and all fuch Circumftances relating thereto as (hall have come to the Knowledge of him the faid A* B. or refpefting which be (hall have obtained Information in the Courfe of his faid Survey or otherwife, together with his Opinion thereon; and if he the faid A. B* (hall and do within the Space of One Calendar Month after he (hall at any time have received or got into his Hands any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to The Crown, exceeding the Sum of Five hue*

dred

56° GEO. III.

C. 16,17.

died Poods gm Notice thereof in Writing to the Commiffioners fcr tie one being of Hit Majefty'g Woods Forefts and Land ImsHs or to the laid Surveyor General for the time being of Hit Majc&ft Land Revenues; and alfo if he the faid A. B. (hall and do, dang fo bog time at he (hall continue in the (aid Office, well and traiv execute all foch Doties as are required by the (aid A ft to be performed by Pcrfona holding any fuch Office, and obferve, obey, perform and execute all fuch Orders, Rules and Inftruftions as ne Mth received or (hall from time to time receive from the Lords Com* ■uffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, (to be figmbed by any Minute of the (aid Lords Commiffioners in Writing, or by Letter from any One of their Secretaries in purfuance of any fuch Minute,) or from the Chancellor or Under Treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, or from the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or asy Two of them, or from the Surveyor General for the time being of Hi* Majefty’s Land Revenues, touching or concerning the Pre-tnif« or die Execution of the Office or Employment aforefaid j and if he the (aid A. 3. (hall and do in all other Refpefts faithfully and truly execute and perform the Duties of the faid Office, and all the Tra&x which ftnll be repofed in him as fuch Officer as aforefaid, then the above written Obligation (hall be void, otherwife the fame (hall be and remain in foil Force and Virtue.

Signed, foaled and delivered by the above]

naxneA

in the Prefence of

K>ve")

}

61

CAP. XVII.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Exrifc in Gnat Britan.	[l ith April 1816.]

1 TT7HEREAS fereral of the additional Duties of Excife granted	g*.

1 W by an Aft made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43

*	Hk prtfcnt Majeftv, intituled An A8 for granting to Hit Majefiy

*	until T&ehe Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty 4 ef Peace, certain additional Duties of Eucije in Great Britain, and

‘ certain additional Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff imported	**

*	into Great Britain, granted by an Aft made in the Forty fixth 4$

*	Year of His (aid Majefty’s Reign, and the Duties inserted, defcribed

‘ and (let forth in the Schedule marked (B) annexed to another Ad	t/y%

*	made m the Forty fixth Year of His (aid Majefty’s Reign, and 46 O* 3*c#

*	certain additional Duties of Excife on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vi tie

4	or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain, granted by another

5	Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, 47 0.3. c* *7*

*	would have expired at certain limited times after the Ratification of 4 the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the fame been continued :

*	And Whereas the lame were and are by an Aft made in the Fifty 55	3*c*	%1m

1 fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign continued until arid upon

4 fie fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred apd fixteen,

•	sad it is expedient further to continue, the fame in manner herein*

*	afar mentionedBe it therefore eaafted by The King’s Moft ExcAot Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-

lament sSmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fuch of Duties con

the turned by

58

C.17,18,19.

56* GEO. III.

A.r>. it

SS0.3. «»7< fuither continued till July 5, 1811. except Malt.

49 G 3. c 98.

Sch (A.)

Expert Duty on Lead fulpended.

47 G 3. c. %%K

the faid Duties of Excife by the faid Afts granted as are not repc nor made perpetual, and would expire before the Dud Fifth Da July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and are by the Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His faid Ma/ continued until and upon the faid Fifth Day of July One thoixi eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be and the fame refpeftively hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of /11A 4 thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, fare and except the 3D u on Malt made in England and Scotland^ or brought from Scot I into England, granted by the faid recited Aft of the Forty third Y of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

CAP, XVUL An Aft to fufpend, until the Fifth Day of April One thou fa eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported in Great Britain.	[11th April 18H

WHEREAS by an Aft pafied in the Forty ninth Year of 1 prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for repealing j 4 Jeverul Dutiee of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for grai 4 ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one certain Schedule mark 4 (A.) Outwards, annexed to the laid Aft, a Duty of CuRot 4 is to be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, 1 4 Heirs and Succcflbrs, in ready Money, of Three Pounds at • Ten Shillings upon Lead, caft or uncaft, the Ton containingTwent 1 hundred Weight, exported from Great Britain : And Whereas 4 is expedient to fufpend for a limited time the faid Duty ;* Be ; therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by an with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempora and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by th Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this At the Payment of the faid Duty for or in refpeft of fuch Lead, on th Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain^ (hall be fui pended until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hnndra and twenty*

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, an Aft of the Forty feventh Yeai of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported. [nth April j 816.J 4 X^7HEREAS an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar * V V was granted and allowed by an Aft pafled in the Forty 1 feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to allou 4 for Two Tears from and after the pqJRng of this A3 an additionti 4 Bounty on double refined St^gar, and to extend former Bounties on 4 other refined Sugar to fuch as Jhall be pounded, eraJbed or broken; 4 and to r allow for One Tear certain Bounties on Britiji Plantation 4 raw Sugar exported f an d which faid additional Bounty on double 4 refined Sugar has been by feveral fubfe^nent A As continued until 4 the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen:

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the md additional Bountj on 4 double refined Sugar fhoiild be further continued Be it therefore enafted by The King's Merit Excellent Msyefty, by and with the

Advice

aj>. mi.

5TOEO.HL

C. 19,90.

♦ 9

Advice aarf Coolest of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coon* is this prefcnt PaHxameot aflembled, and by the Au* thmay t£ the fame. That the laid additional Bounty on double icfoed Sugar ftall he and the lame it hereby revived and further con* cased from the laid Fifth Day of April One tboufend eight hundred ad ixten, until the Fifth Day of July One tboufand eight hundred md ixtaea.

CAP. XX.

An Ad to mate farther Provifion for the Execution of the {even! Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Fort Duties, and of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland*	[11th April 1816.]

*	WHEREAS the Cotmnilfioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties ' V V and the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in 1 Ireland refpedhwly, ptxrfuant to the Powers and Authorities in 4 them vefted by Law for that Purpofe, have been ufed and ‘ sccoftomed to appoint, in and for the feveral and refpedive Diftrid* 4 in Inland (except the Diftrid of Dublin), a Number of Sub 4 CoaBufibnm for the Purpofe of hearing, trying and determining

*	all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties 1 cad Forfetores impofed by the feveral Ads in force in Ireland

*	rebtw to the Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Taxes refpedively;

*	and 'ftree of fuch Sub Commiffioners or the Majority of them,

4 have been ufed and accuftomed to give Judgment and award Exe*

*	cation thereon: And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether in cafes

*	where fee Sub Commiffioners of any Diftrid exceed Five in

*	Number the Ibjonty of fuch Sub Commiffioners be not neceflary

<	to coaftstnte a competent Court to bear, try and determine any

<	fact Complaint or Information For the removing of the laid Doubts, be k eroded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by sad wife the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Avthority of the feme. That from and after the paffing of ton AA all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fme, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence againft or any Breach of anr Aft or Ads m ferae or to be in force in Ireland, relating to any at die Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the fed Comanffionen of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of the faid Ounraffioners of Inhnad Excife and Taxes, or either of them, which flaA hare been or ffamB be committed within any Diftrid in Ireland (except the Diftrid of Dublin) 9 (hall and may be heard, tried and deteraned before any Three or more of the Sab Commiffioners of Caftans and Port Duties, or before any Three or more of the Sob Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes of fuch Diftrid, as fee cafe may be, and that any aad every Judgment or Execution sbidfeallhe ghnea or awarded by the Majority fitting op the Trial d ay (nek Complaint or Information fhall be valid and effedual to Absents and Porpofes whatsoever; any thing in any Ad or Ads tofecantmry notwithfbndnig*

II* banded always, and be it eroded, That nothing in this Aft coatmcd Audi take away or in any manner affed the Remedy af Appal provided far the Party or Partita aggrieved in and by an

59

Additional Bounty on double refined Sugar fun her continued.

Informations for Recovery of Fines (except in Diftrid of Dub. lin) may be determined before Three Sub Commifijonert.

Appeal.

72

C.25, 26.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Application of Duties.

49 G.3. c.98.

Aft may bo altered, &c.

Infteadofthe Duties repealed, tbofo fpecified in Table timesed to be paid*

the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the patting of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Direftions therein contained, (hall be in full Force and Effeft as to the faid Duties, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all Monies from time to time arifing from the faid Duties in Great Britain (the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpeftively excepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Maiefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties, called Permanent Duties, impofed by an Aft, paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for repealing the feveral Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, are direfted to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arifing from the faid Duties in Ireland, the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame being dedufted, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft to be paffed in this prefent Sefiion of Parliament.

TABLE (A.) to which this Aft refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Butter from Foreign Countries.

B s • d»

BUTTER, Imported in a Briti/h-built Ship, the 1	___ ___

Cwt. -	-	-1

- - - , Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the!

Cwt. -	-	-	5	~~

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheefe.	[30th	April	1816.]

< TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the feveral and refpeftive

*	VV Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation of Cheefe

*	from Foreign Countries into the United Kingdom (hould be re*

*	pealed, and that other Duties (hould be impofed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Cneefe from Foreign Countries (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the faid Futh Day of April; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of

April,

A.D.1816.

56* GEO. III.

C.26.

79

April, in lira and in dead of the Duties hereby repealed* there (hall be railed* Jrned* collected and paid* unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflon* the feveral and refpedive Duties* as the Came are infer ted* defaibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.)

1L And be it further enaded, That fuch of the faid Duties as fhall Duties under arife in that Part of Great Britain called England /hall be under the Management of Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in England for the Comnuflionen time being; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that Part of Great 01 Cu 0,M* Britain called Scotland fhall be under the Management of the Com-miffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire-land (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioifers of the Cuf-oms and Port Duties in Ireland.

IIL And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties fhall be Duties levied ** managed, afcertained* railed, levied, colleded, paid and recovered, in other Duties of fuch and the like Manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature Cuftoms. are managed, afcertained* raifed, levied* colleded, paid and recovered, and under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules,

Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain or Ireland; an3 all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafliog of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Dhredions therein contained,

(hall be in full Force and Effed as to the faid Duties, as fully and effieduaUy to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they ware at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

IV.	And be h farther enaded. That all Monies from time to time Application of arifing from the faid Duties in Great Britain (the neceffary Charges Duties.

of raifing and accounting for the fame refpedively excepted! fhall from time to time he paid into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer at We/hniafter9 and fhall be appropriated and applied in the feme manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, impofed by an Ad, paffcd in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 49 G.3.C.98. intituled An AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are dirrded to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arifing from the laid Dude* in Ireland, the necefferv Charges of raifing ana accounting for the feme being deduded, fhall he carried to and made Part of the ConfoHdated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And beit further enaded. That this Ad may he altered, varied Aft may He or repealed by any Ad to be pafled in this Seffion of Parliament. altered, *c.

TABLE (A.) to which this Ad refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation

‘mo Gnat Britain of Cheefe from Foreign Countries.

£ /. d.

CHEESE, Imported inaUrk^buflt Ship, the Cwt. — 10 6 - - - , Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt. — 13 —

C A P.

64

C. 22.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1616.

For preventing the further Efcape.

Prohibiting any Affiffance of Efcape upon the High Seas.

Where Offences inay be tried.

For detaining Perfons charged with Offences.

General Iffhe.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, being Subjefts of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, (hall knowingly and wilfully aid, affift or further the faid Napoleon Buonaparte m quitting any Part of any I (land, Country, Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounds of any Diftrift of fuch Illand, Country, Territory, or Place, within which he may have been confined or fuffered to go at large, on Parole or without Parole, after he (hall have been refcued, or have efcaped or departed from any Place of Cuftody, or from the Limits and Bounds within which he (hall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole or without Parole, he, (he or they (hall be deemed guilty of aiding the Efcape of the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Provifiona of this Aft.

V.	And be it further enafted that if any Perfon or Perfons, being a Subjeft or Subjefts of His Majefty or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, after the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall have been refcued, or have efcaped or departed from and have quitted the Kland, Country, Diftrift or Territory, within which he (hall have been detained and kept in Cuftody as aforefaid, or have been fuffered to go at large, upon Parole or without, or after he (hall have quitted and departed from any other Country into which he may have efcaped or come, (hall knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, affift or further the fauf Napoleon Buonaparte in efcaping or going to or towards any other Dominions or Place whatfoever, luch Perfon or Perfons (hall be, adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That all Offences againft this Aft, wberefoevcr the fame (hall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majefty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Maiefty’s Dominions called England, in like Manner, and by a Jury of fuch County, as if fuch Offences had been committed within fuch County ; and that in every Information or Indiftment for fuch Offence, fuch Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in fuch County.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That all Perfons who (hall be apprehended, detained or in Cuftody, charged with any Offence againft this Aft, may be detained m Cuftody and fent to Eng-land, in order to their being proceeded againft and tried for fuch Offence.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indiftment, (hall be brought, fued or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Iffue, and (hall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleaded, and in fuch manner as any Juftice of the Peace, Conftable or other Officer, queftioned for Matters afted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Juftification upon the General Iffue by them pleaded, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAP.

AJD.1816.

56* GEO. III.

C« 23.

65

CAP. XXIII.

An Aft for Tegulating the Intercourfe with the Ifland of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained there; and for indemnifying Perfons in the Cafes therein mentioned.	[nth April 1816.]

« TT 7 HE RE AS Napoleon Buonaparte is now detained and kept

*	W m Cuftody in the Ifland of Saint Helena : And Whereas it

*	is requiflte and neceffary to prohibit all Intercourfe and Commu-« nkation with the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, either by His Majefty’a « Subjeftb or by any other Perfon or Perfons, except under the « Reftri&kras and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-

*	tions hereinafter fet forth and prefcribed, during fuch time that ‘ the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept, or (hall be

*	ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcflors, to be detained ‘ and kept in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena /’ Be it therefore enafted, and it is hereby enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for and during fuch time as the laid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept in Cuftody, or (hall be ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, to be detained and kept in Cuftody in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, it fhall not be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subjefts, or for any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (except in Ships or Veffels of and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tne Eajl Indies, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the faid Ifland, by the faid United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the faid Company’s Supra Cargoes in China*) to trade, go, fail or repair to the faid Ifland of Scant Helena, without the Licence of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, figned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Confent and Per-miffion of the Governor, or in his Abfence, of the Deputy Go* vemor of the faid Ifland for the time being, or of the Commander for the time being of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces ftationed off or at the (aid Ifland; and if any Perfon or Perfons (except as before excepted! other than fuch as (hall be thereunto lawfully authorized by fucn Licence of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or fuch Per-miffion or Confent as aforefaid, (hall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the (aid Ifland of Saint Helena, he or they (hall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Mifdemeanour, and (hall and may be profecuted for the fame in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench here in England* upon Information exhibited by His Majefty’s Attorney General, or upon Indiftment found; in which Information or Indiftment fuch Offence may be laid and charged* to have been committed in the County of Middlesex ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall on Conviftion be liable to fuch runiftiment by lmprifomnent and Fine, or either, as the Court (hall adjudge or award, any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

56 Gao. III.	f	II. And

During the time Buonaparte (hail be in Cuftody m Saint Helena, no Communication to be permitted.

Tradirr, *c. without Licence of The King or the Governor or Deputy Governor of Saint Helena.

64

C. 22.

56* GEO. III.

A.T>~ IS

For preventing the further Etc ape.

Prohibiting any AtMance of Efcape upon the High Seas.

Where Of-fences may be tried.

For detaining Perfons charged with Offences.

General Iflbe.

IV.	And be ft further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perf« being Subjefts of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, his Heir* SuccefTors, (hall knowingly and wilfully aid, affift or furtHer faid Napoleon Buonaparte m quitting any Part of any I (land, Count Territory or Place, without the Limits and Bounas of any X>ifti of fuch Ifland, Country, Territory. or Place, within which he n have been confined or fuffered to go at large, on Parole or with* Parole, after be (hall have been refcued, or nave efcaped or depan from any Place of Cuftody, or from the Limits and Bounds wit) which he (hall have been committed to go at large, upon Parole without Parole, he, (he or they (hall be deemed guilty of aiding t Efcape of the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte, under the Prowifions this Aft.

V.	And be it further enafted that if any Perfon or Perfons, beij a Subjeft or Subjefts. of His Majefty or owing Allegiance to H Majefty, after the (aid Napoleon Buonaparte (hail have been refcue or have efcaped or departed from and have quitted the Iiland, Countr Diftrift or Territory, within which he (hall have been detained aii kept in Cuftody as aforefaid, or have been fuffered to go at large, upc Parole or without, or after he (hall have quitted and departed froi any other Country into which he may have efcaped or come, (ha knowingly and wilfully, upon the High Seas, aid, affift or furthe the faid Napoleon Buonaparte in efcaping or going to or towards air other Dominions or Place whatfoever, luch Perfon or Perfons (hal be. adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafes oj Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all Offences againft this Aft, wberefoevtr the fame (hall be committed, whether within the Dominions of His Majefty or without, or upon the High Seas, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within that Part of His Majefty’s Dominions called England,, in like Manner, and by a Jury of fuch County, as if fuch Offences had been committed within fucn County ; and that in every Information or Indiftment for fuch Offence, fuch Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed in fuch County.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who fhall be apprehended, detained or in Cuftody, charged with any Offence againft this Aft, may be detained m Cuftodv and fent to England, in order to their being proceeded againft and tried for fuch Offence.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Information or Indiftment, (hall be brought, fued or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done under or by virtue of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Iffue, and (hall have the Advantage thereof as fully, and to all Intents and Purpofes, aa if the Special Matter had been fully and well pleaded, and in fuch manner as any Juftice of the Peace, Conftable or other Officer, queftioned for Matters afted by them as Officers, or in the Execution of their Offices, may have the Advantage of the Matter of their Juftification upon the General Iffue by them pleaded, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

CAR

AD.1S16.

56° GEO. Ilf.

C.2S.

6fl

CAP. XXffl.

An Alt for regulating the Intercourfe with the Ifland of Saint Htkn&y daring the time Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained (Acre; and for indemnifying Perfons in the Cafes therein mentioned.	[nth April 1816.]

WHEREAS Napoleon Buonaparte it now detained and kept in Cuftody in the Ifland of Scant Helena : And Whereat it « is reyrifite and neceffary to prohibit all Intercourfe and Comma-* nicabon with the faid Ifland of Saint Helena, either by Hit Majefty’s * SubieSh or by any other Perfon or Perfons, except under the * Resri&ioM and according to the Rules, Regulations and Condi-* tiom hereinafter fet forth and preferibed, during fuch time that * the had Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept, or (lull be • ordered by His Majefty, hit Heirs and Succcflors, to be detained ‘ and kept in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena ;* Be it therefore eoa&rd, and it it hereby ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual md Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for and during fuch time Dur;„g the time as the faid Napoleon Buonaparte (hall be detained and kept in Cuftody, Buonaparte flu*l or fhaD be ordered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, to be he in Cuftody in detained and kept in Cuftody in the faid Ifland of Saint Helena* it He,en?’ (hall not be hwful for any of His Majefty’s SubjeAs, or for any "°n other Perfon or Perfoos whatfoever (except in Ships or Veffels of	^

and belonging to or chartered or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, duly ordered to proceed to or to rendezvous at the faid Ifland, by the faid United Company, or by the Governor General of Fort William, the Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or by the faid Company's Supra Cargoes in Coma*) to trade, go, fail or repair to the faid Trading *<r. Ifland of Saint Helena, without the Licence of His Majefty, his without Licerct Heirs or Succeffors, figned by One of His Majefty’s Principal of The King or Secretaries of State, or without the Licence, Confent and Per- Deput^Gwer-* miffioo of the Governor, or in his Abfence, of the Deputy Go- nor of Saint veroor of the hud Ifland for the time being, or of the Commander Helena, for the time being of His Majefty's Naval or Military Forces ftationed oft or at the (aid Ifland; and if any Perfon or Perfons (except as before excepted 1 other than fuch as fhall be thereunto lawfully authorised by fuch Licence of His Majefty, his Heirs and SucceiTors, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor or Commander, or fuch Per-miffion or Confent as aforefaid, (hall trade, go, fail, repair to or land upon the (aid Ifland of Saint Helena, he or they (hall be deemed guilty of a High Crime and Mifdemeanour, and (hall and may be protested for the fame in His Majefty’s Court of King's Bench here in England^ upon Information exhibited by His Majefty’s Attorney General, or upon Indi&ment found ; in which Information or Ic&hneot fuch Offence may be laid and charged* to have been aamftted in the County* of Middlefex ; and all and every Perfon or Pefaa to offending (hall on ConviAion be liable to fuch Punifliment by bapifonment and Fine, or either, as the Court (hall adjudge or. award, my Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

55Gk.HI.	F	II. And

C. 23,



A.D. ie

6*

Perfons offend* inp may be feised, and brought to England, to await their Trial.

Perfons landing (ocher than Officers and Seamen belonging to Shipa of War) (hall return to the £htp when ordered, or be taken into Cuftody.

Remaining in the Ifland with* out Licence.

Punishment.

Vefleh (etcept Veflels belonging to the Com-pany,&c.) trading or touching at Saint Helena,

Or found havering.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon

Perfons fo offending fhaU and may be feized and brought to Engl for the Purpofe of being fo tned $ and that it (hall and may lawful to and for any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of Peace, and he and they is and are authorized and required to coni all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons to the next County G there to remain until fuffident Security be given by natural h fiubje&s 6r Denizens, to appear in His Many’s Coflrt of Ku Bench at Wtjimnfters to anfoer any Information of Indictment hibited or fouud, or to be exhibited or found, againft him or th and Hot to go or depart out of Court, or out of this Kingdom* with Leave of the faid Court.	*

III.	And be it further efta&ed. That if any Perfon who (hall ari at the feid Ifland on board any Ship or Velel of and belonging-or chattered or employed by the faid United Company as aforefi (hall latid on the faid liland from on board the fame, or (ball land the faid Ifland from any of His Majefty’s Ships cor Veffels of VI (except the Officers and Seamen of and belonging to fuch Ship Veflet of War,) /hall not, when thereunto ordered and required the faid Governor, Or in hi9 Abfence the Deputy Governor for I time being of the faid Ifland, forthwith return to atad repair board fuch Ship or Veffel from which he (hall have fo landed aforefaid, it (hall find may be lawful for the faid Governor, or in Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time being, to feiiae and deft every fuch Perfon until he or fhe can be fent, and to fend him her on board the faid Ship or Veffel from which he or (he fo land •8 aforefaid; and every Perfon who (hall have fo landed from a fuch Ship or Veffel as toft aforefaid, who fhall> after the Departure fuch Ship or Veffel from the faid Ifland, remain on the faid Ifla; without the Licence, Permtffion and Coufcnt of the faid Govern or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor fo* the time being, (hall! deemed guilty of a MttdCmeanor, and (hall and may be dealt wit profecuted and punifhed in the fame manner and form as Perfons wl fliall, without Licence, Permiffion and Confent as aforefaid, land fra any other Ship, Veffel or Boat not belonging to, chartered or e* ployed by the faid United Company, or ordered by the faid Cofl pany, or their Servants as aforefaid, to proceed to or rendezvous i the faid Ifland.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall afid may be lawful I and for the Governor, or in his Abfence the Depiity Governor i the faid Ifland for the time being, or for the Commander for tl time being of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces ftfitioned c or at the faid Ifland refpe&rvely, and the"Perfons a&ing under h or their Ordere and Commands refpe&ively, by all neceffary Waj and Means to hinder and prevent any Ship, Veffel or Boat, Ships q Veffels or Boats, /except Ships and Veflels of and belonging to < chartered by the laid United Company of Merchants, and alio dull licenfed by the faid Company for that Purpofe, is hereinbefoi mentioned,) from repairing to, trading or touching at the (aid Hhuxi or having any Communication with the fame; and to hinder and pw vent any Perfon or Perfons from 'landing upon the faid Ifland frert fuch Ships, Veffels or Boats, and to feize and detain oil and ever] Perfon and Perfons that (hall land upon the faidffland from the famei and all fuch Ships, Veflels or Boats (except as abote excepted^

A.D.181&

36° GEO. III.

C.S3.

67

{kaRi^ar to, or trade, or Inch at the laid lfland, or dull be found bomag within Eight Leagues of the Coal thereof, and which (hall or rey bdowg, in the Whole or in Part, to any fnhjcft or Snbjcdi of Ha Majefty, or to any Ferfon or Perilous owing Allegiance to Ha Afafdby, (hall and are hereby declared to be forfeited to His Mgefty, and /hall and may be feized and detained, and brought to Eatfamd,, and (hall and may be profectated to Condemnation by Hia Majefty** Attorney General, in any of Hia Majefty’a Courts of Record at	in	fach	manner	and	form	as	any	Ship,	Vcflel	or

Boat may be feized, detained or profecnted, for any Breach or Violation of dm Navigation or Revenue Laws of this Country ; and the Offence hr which fach Ship, Vefiel or Boat, (ball be proceeded againft (hall and may be laid and charged to have been done and committed in tbeCouty of Middkfix; and if any Ship, Veflel or Boat, not belonging in the Whole or in Part to any Perfon or Pcrfons the Subjed or Sujnelh of or owing Allegiance to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, (kail repair to, or trade or touch at the faid lfland of Sami Hekaa, or dull be found hovering within Eight Leagues of the Cad thereof, and (hall not depart from the faid lfland or the Coaft thereof when and fo foon as the Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge and Command thereof (hall be ordered fo to do by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the faid lfland for the time being, or by the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Force ftatfoued at or off the laid lfland for the time being, (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable Necdfity, or Diftrefs of Weather,) tuch Ship or Vefiel (haft be deemed forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and detained and profecnted in the fame manner as is hereinbefore ena&ed as to Ships, Vcfiek or Boats of or belonging to any Subje& or Sttoefc^YfaM^efty.

V. Provided always, and be k enadted. That if any Ship or Veflel {ball happen, by Strefs of Weather, Peril of the Sea, or other inevitable Aeadcwt or other urgent Neceffity, to be driven or forced to the fesd lfland, and from fetch Caufe to touch thereat, and the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of fetch Ship or Veflel flmll forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Caufe thereof, to the Governor, or in his Ab fence to the Deputy Governor of the faid lfland for the tune being, or to the Commander of His Majefty’s Naval or Military Forces for tbe time being, or one of them ; and (ball, daring the time that fetch Ship or Veflel (hall be permitted to remain at the fead lfland, in all things conform to the Dire&ions and Orders of the (aid Governor, or in his Abfence of the feud Deputy Governor for the time being; and the faid Ship or Veflel (hall quit the (aid lfland, and depart therefrom, with au the Crew and ftrifcogere of and belonging to the faid Ship or Veflel, as and when the (aid Governor, or in his Abfence the Deputy Governor for the time befog, or the Commander of His Majefty** Naval or Military Forces at the feud Ifisnd for the time being, or either of them, (hall foeft and require ; fach Ship or Vcflel (hall not be feilyefl to For-fcftnrc, nor Audi the Owners or Matter or Crew thereof, or any Per-faaor Ferfoos on board the fame, who ftiall fo conform to fuch Bfodfoas and Orders as aforefeud, be liable to any of the * Pains, fafoti or Pufriflainents hereinbefore mentioned t Provided never-thflefe, dot the Proof of fuch Ship or Vefiel having been drive* or (owed to repair to and touch at the feud lfland, by Strefs of Wea*

F 2	ther,

Forfeited, feized and brought to England for

Profecutiou.

Foreign VafTeU hovering and not departing on Order,

feized and pro. fecuted.

Provifo for Veflel* driven by Streli of Weather into Saint Helena*

Such Veflel! departing when able not liable to Forfeiture.

Onus probandt on Party claiming Exemption,

70

When payable.

In cafe His Serene Hi&hneis furvive the Priocefe an Annuity of 50,000!. to be granted for his JJfe.

When payable.

Annuities to be payable at the Exchequer without Feet.

C. 2*.	56° GEO. III.	A.D. 1816.

Year $ (that is to fay), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of OSober, in every Year, by even and. equal Portions; the Firft Payment thereof to be made on the Firft Quarterly Day of Payment next after the faid Marriage, of fuch Proportion of fuch Quarterly Payment as (hall have accrued between the Day of Marriage and fuch Quarter Day; and that the faid Annuity of Sixty thoufand Pounds (hall and may by fuch Letters Patent he direded to he ifluing and payable out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain during the Life of Her faid Royal Highnefs, (after paying or referving Tufficient to pay all fuch Sums as (hall have been direded to be paid out of the fame by any Ad or Ads of Parliament made previous to the time of paffingthis Ad,) and with a Preference to all other Payments which (hall or may at any time or times after the palling of this Ad he charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

II.	And he it further enaded, That it (hall he lawful for The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meijfen, Landgrave of Tburinguen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfcld, in cafe he (hall furvive Her faid Royal Highnefs Princefs Charlotte Au-gufta, or to fuch Perfon or Perfona as His Majefty (hall think (it to be named in fuch Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Ufe of or in Truft for His Serene Highnefs, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, rart of the faid Annuity or Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds; which Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effed immediately from and after the Deceafeof Her faid Royal Highnefs Princefs Charlotte Augufia, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of His faid Serene Highnefs, and (hall he paid and payable at the Four moft ufual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to fay), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, tne Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of OSober, in every Year by even and equal Portions ; the Firft Payment thereof to be made on the Firft Quarterly Day of Payment next after the Deceafe of Her faid Royal Highnefs, of luch Proportion of fuch Quarterly Payment as (hall have accrued between the Day of fuch Deceafe and fuch Quarter Day; and that the faid Annuity of Fifty thoufand Pounds (hall and may by fuch Letters Patent he direded to he ifTuingand payable out of the faid Confolidated Fund during the Life of His.faid Royal Highnefs, (after paying or referring fufficient to pay all fuch Sums as (hall have been direded to be paid out of the lame by any Ad or Ads of Paxiiament made previous to the time of palling this Ad,) and with a Preference to all other Payments which (hall or may at any time or times after the palling of this Ad be charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

III.	And he it further enaded. That the faid Annuities of Sixty thoufand Pounds and Fifty thoufand Pounds (hall refoedively be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majeftv’s Exchequer ; and the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall and he is hereby required, by virtue of fuch Letters Patent, to make forth and oafs Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Diredions of this Ad, the faid Annuities refpeaivdy as the fame (hall become due and payable.

A.XMU&

71

4f* GEO. «I.	C.	24,2fi,

aUe> **kmt any Fees w Cb»rgt» to be denuded qr token for poy-tag the bm> or any Pari thereof; and the faid Debenture# to pe Bade ibfth and patted as aforcfiud Audi be a fpfficicnt Authority to the federal and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer saw and for the tine being, for the Payment of the faid Annuuips djpcdiifly, according to the Direction* of this Aft, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for* had or stowed in that Behalf.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That (be faid Annuities of Sfaty thoufeod Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds* and every Part thereof reCpedirely, ihaU h« free and clear from all Tages, Rates and AflfeflP mean* and all other Charges whatsoever, impofed or to he impofed by Authority of Parliament or othtevrife.

CAP. XXV.

An Aft for charging certain Duties on the Importation qf Butter.	f3otb April 1816/}

•	\\T HE REAS it i# expedient that the feyeraj and refoqftwe « W Duties of GuAonit payable on the Importation qf Rutter,

*	from Foreign Countries into the United Kingdoms {jhould be ro-4 pealed, and that other Duties (hould be impoled jn lieu tptfepf i Be it therefore enafted by Tbe King’s Moft Excellent Msjefty* by and with tbe Advice and Confent of tl* Lord# Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblfd* and by tbe Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen, the Pities of Cufioms payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Butter from Foreign Countries fiiall ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which (hail have been incurred at any time before the faro Fifth Day of April: and that from and after the fad Fifth Day of Ato«7, in lieu and inftead of tbe Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid, unto His Majefty, bis Heirs and Succeflors, the feveral and refpe&ive Duties, as the fame are inferted, deferibed and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked I A.)

II,	And bo it fqrther ena&ed. That fuch of the faid Doties as (hall srifc in th#t Part of Great Britan called Engkmj (hall be under tl* Management pf the CommiiEoners, of Cuftomt m England for die lime being; and fuch thereof as (haB srife in that Part of Great Brito# called Scotland (hall be muter the Mwgewent qf the Cpnupiffipncrs of the Cu^oms in Scotland for the time being j and thereof as toB ari£ W that fart pf the United Kingdom called hdflaA foil be under the Management pf the Cpm^ffioner# of the Gw<m and Ppft Duties ip Jrdand. lift And bo it further <wfted» Tbs* fa faid Duties (ha)l be mt Jterwned, raitedi levied, cojle&jedf paid apd recovered ip

......i the fife mapper as any JDqtte* of Cwom of a like N#tnr*

iqwigedt ^(certaineda railed, levied, csilefted, paid and recovered, g4 updar wl tohjoft tq the feversi powers. Conditions, Rutev ,9t JUftjci&iqns, Penuries apd Forfeitures of any A& W

itf	w	»fvee, in relation (p or fa famw

F 4	the

Tax free.

Inftead of the Duties repealed, thofe Specified in Table annexed to be paid.

Duties under Management of Commiffionera ' of Cuftoms.

pubes levied M ptber Duties of Cufanx.

56° GEO. III.

AJ).181

70	C.	24?.

When payable. Year ; (that is to fay), the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth L of April, the Fifth Day of Ju/y, and the Tenth Day of OGober, every Year, by even and. equal Portions ; the FirCb Payment them to be made on the Firft. Quarterly Day of Payment next after the f;

Marriage* of fuch Proportion of fuch Quarterly Payment as_fhall hz cruea b<	“	~~

)t Sixty tnouiana rounds man ana may \ fuch Letters Patent be dire&ed to be iffuing and payable out of t

accrued between the Day of Marriage and fuch Quarter Day ; a that the faid Annuity ox Sixty thoufand Pounds {hall and may 1

In cafe His Serene Highnefs furvive the Princefc an Annuity of 5<V>ool. to be granted for his Life.

When payable.

Confolidated Fund of Great Britain during the Life of Her fa Royal Highnefs, (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fu»

Sums aa (hall have been dire&ed to be paid out of the lame by at A6t or A61s of Parliament made previous to the time of paffing th Ad,) and with a Preference to all other Payments which (hall < may at any time or times after the palling of this A& be charge upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Th King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by any Letters Patent under th Great Seal of Great Britains to give and grant unto His Serer Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe» Margrave cl Metffeny Landgrave of Tburinruen, Prince of Cobourg of SaalfclA, r. cafehe (hall furvive Her faid Royal Highnefs Princefs Charlotte Au* gufla, or to fuch Perfon or Perfona as His Majefty {hall think fit to be named in fuch Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Uh of or in Trull for His Serene Highnefs, One Annuity or Yearly Sun of Fifty thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, Part oV the faid Annuity or Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds ; which Annuity or Yearly Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effed immediately from and after the Deceafcoi Her faid Royal Highnefs Princefa Charlotte Augujla, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of His Cadd Serene Highnefs, and (hall be paid and payable at the Four moft ufual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to fay), the Fifth "Day of January the Fifth Day of April, tne Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of OSober, in every Year by even and equal Portions ; the Firft P«y* meat thereof to be made on the Firft Quarterly Day of Payment next after the Deceafe of Her faid Royal Highnefs, of Inch Proportion of fuch Quarterly Payment as (hall have accrued between the Day of fuch Deceafe and luch Quarter Day ; and that the faid Annuity of Fifty thoufand Pounds (hall and may by fuch Letters Patent be &• refted to be ifluing and payable out ot the (aid Confolidated Fund during the Life of His.faid Royal Highnefs, (after paying or referring fufficient to pay all fuch Sums as (hall have been dire&ed to be paid out of the fame by any Ad or Ads of Parliament made previous to the time of paffing this Ad,) and with a Preference to ill other Payments which (hall or may at any time or times after the paffing of this Ad be charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

Annuities to be	IU. And be it further enaded, That the faid Annuities of Sixty

payable at the thoufand Pounds and Fifty thoufand Pounds (haft refpcdhely be Exchequer	paid and payable at the Receipt of His Maiefty’s Exchequer •, sod

without Fees,	the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall and he is hereby required, by

virtue of fuch Letters Patent, to make forth and oafs Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Dieefiuons of this Afti the faid Annuities refpeoivdy as the fame (hail become due and y*y« •	~	*	able

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 26.

IS

April, in lies and in (lead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be nifed. lewd, colle&ed and paid, unto His Majefly. his Heirs and Succeflors, the feveral and refpedive Duties, as the fame are infer ted, defoihcd and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.)

II.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the faid Duties as (hall Dutiei under arife in that Part of Great Britain called England /hall be under the Management of Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in England for the Comnufliouen time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great 0 Cu omB* Britain called Seat fond (hall be under the Management of the Com-

miffioneTS of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland (hall be under the Management of the Commifliorfers of the Cuf-oms and Port Duties in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties (hall be Duties levied a* managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colleded, paid and recovered, in othcr Duties of fach and the like Manner as anv Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature Cuftom1,

are managed, afcertained. raifed. levied, colleded. paid and recovered, and under and fobjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules,

Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains,

Penalties. Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained,

(hall be in full Force and Effed as to the faid Duties, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they ware at large re- [ pealed and re-enaded in this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That all Monies from time to time Application of arifragfrom the faid Duties in Great Britain (the neceffary Charges Duties.

of raofing and accounting for the fame refpedively excepted! (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer at Weftminfter, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the feme manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, impofed by an Ad, pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, 49 G.3. c.98. intituled An AS for repealing the fevered Dutiei of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are direded to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monies arifing from the (aid Duties in Ireland, the neceffeiy Charges of railing and accounting for the fame being deduded, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad may be altered, varied A£ may he

or repealed by any Ad to be pafted in this Seffion of Parliament.	altered, &c.

TABLE (A.) to which this Ad refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Chrefe from Foreign Countries.

£ /. d.

CHEESE, Imported in a Britj/b-bwlt Ship, the Cwt. — 10 6 - - . , Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt.-— 13 —

CA P.

C. 27.

$6* GEQ. m.

A.D.1S16.

55	3-	c-156-

19 0.3. e.74.

13 G. 3. c. 46.

55 G.3.C.156.

$ I. fo fir as relates to repeal of 24 G. 3. c.56. continued.

ProvHtons of 24 G. 3. c. 56* valid in relation to Proceedings commenced before Art of laft Seffion.

Perfons con* v 16ted of any Crime puniUi-able by Tranf-

accordingly.

CAP. XXVII.

An A Q. to amend feveral Laws relative to the Tran (port at ion of Offenders; to continue in force until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

[30th April 1816.3

4 WHEREAS 9X1 A** paffcd m the laft Seffion of Parliament, 4 V» intituled An A& to amend the Law relative to the Tremfo

« Nation of Offendert% to continue in force until the Fiefo Hap qf ay One thoufand eight hundred and foxteen • And Whereas St is 4 expedient that the Regulations and Frovifton* of the faid Ad, and 4 that certain of the Provifioaa of Two federal Ads, pafied in the 4 Nineteenth and Twenty fifth Years rrfpedively of the Reign of 4 His pretent Muefty, relating to the Tranfportation and Removal 4 of Offenders, mould be continuedBe it therefore en?ded by The Ring’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this preteot Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament fhall be and the fame is hereby continued, id far as relates to tbe Repeal of# the faid therein recited Ad of the Twenty fourth Yqar of Hia pretent Majefty, intituled An A& for the effc&unl Jranffoor*-ation of Felons and other Offenders» and to authorise the Removal Prisoners in certain cafes, and for other Purpofei therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further eroded; That it fhall he lawful for any Court or Judge, or Juftice or Juftices, duly authorized in that Behalf, to carry into Execution the Provifiqp qf the faid Ad of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His pretent Majefty, ia relation to the Tranfportation, Removal or Confioespopt qf any Offender, convided and fentenced before the paffing of the {aid recited Ad of the laft Sefiion of Parliament, or to the continuing of any Proceedings commenced before the Faffing of tb* ten) Ad, notwithstanding the Repeal of thq faid Ad 01 the Twenty fourth Year afore teid, or to proceed in relation to any fuch Qfonder, or in relation to the continuing any fuch Proceedings under the Pro-vifiona of this Ad, as to fuch Court, Judge, Jufttqe or Jqftjces fhall teem moft expedient; any thing in the M recited Ad pf the Jqft Selfion of Parliament, or this Ad, contained to the eoqtrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enaded. That from and after $e gaffing of this Ad, it (hall be lawful ter the Court before whWh any Pcrfon or Perfons (hall have been or (hall be eqnvi&sd at. any Seftojt vf Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at aqy Quarter or Other General Seffion of the Peace to be hotoep for any County% Ri4fng» Divifion, City, Town, Borough, Liberty Qr Plaofi, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Seffion to be holden for the County Palatine of Chefoer, or within the PriampnUty of IValct) of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Gffenos for which fuch Pcrfon or Perfons fhall have been or be fubjed to be tranf^orted, to order and adjudge, or any fubfeqput Court holden at any Place ter the fame County, Riding, Divifion, Cityy Town, Borough, Liberty or Place refpedively, with like Authority to order and adjudge, that fuch Pcrfon or Perfons fo convided as

afore*

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 26.

73

April, h lira and aftead of the Duties hereby repealed* there /hall be raffiedt irori, coBcfted and paid, unto His Majefly, his Heirs and Sococdbrs, the feveral and refpeftive Duties, as the Dune are inferted, dctenbed and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed ssrked (A.)

JL And be it further enafted, That fuch of the faid Duties as (hall Duties under tde in that Part of Great Britain called England (hall be under the Management *if Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in England for the Comm«fBoner» tone being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great °* om*‘ Brit aim called Scotland (hall be finder the Management of the Com-tdflknoi of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and fuch thereof as (kali arife in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire-land (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuf-onss and Port Dudes in Ireland.

Ill* Aad be it farther enafted, That the faid Duties (hall be Duties levied *< managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collefted, paid and recovered, in «her Duties of fuch and the like Manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature CuftonM* are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collefted, paid and recovered, and under and fubjeft to the feverai Powers, Conditions, Rules,

Regdatkm*, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Aft or Aas of Padsasnent now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed agnail or in Breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or xmmedntehr before the paf&ng of this Act, made for fecuring the Revenue ot Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the fevers! Claudes, Powers and Directions therein contained,

(haft be in fed! Force and Efifed as to the faid Duties, as fully and cffieftua&y to aft Intent* and Purpofes, as if they ware at large re-pea ted and re-crafted in this Aft.

IV. And be it farther enafted, That all Monies from time to time Application of anting from the had Duties in Great Britain (the neceffary Charges Duties, of raffing and accounting for the fame refpeftively excepted! (hall bum time to tune be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer at Weftmnfter, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame maimer as the Duties called Permanent Duties, impofed by an Aft, paffrrf in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 49 G.3. c.98. intituled An AQ for repealing the fevered Duties of Cuftoms charge-die m Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are dirrfted to be appropriated and applied; and that all Monks arifing from the (aid Dimes in Ireland, the neceflaxy Charges of railing and accounting far the fame being dedufted, (ball be carried to and made Part of the Confotidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered, varied Aft may he or repealed by any Aft to be pafled in this Seffion of Parliament. altered, &c.

TABLE (A.) to which this Aft refers.

A TABLE of the Dudes of Cuftoms payable on the Importation nan Great Britain of Chrefe from Foreign Countries.

£ s. d.

CHEESE, Imported in a Britf/b^vStt Ship, the Cwt.— 10 6

* • • , Imported in a Foreign-built Ship, the Cwt. —	13	—

CA P.

C. 27.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.18I6.

Fee to Clerks of Afllse, Arc. fame as heretofore.

Perfons undertaking to tranf. port Offenders, to give proper Security.

Court may appoint juffices to contract for Tranfportation of Offenders, on Security hy Bond.

Securities to be certified by Juf-tices to the next Court, and kept amongft the Record*

Charges of Contracts paid by Order ef Quarter Seffion*.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of Aflize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court, (hall be paid by the Treafurer of the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Borough, Town or Place, the fame Fee as hath been ufuaily paid, or fuch Clerk of Aflize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court is entitled to, for the Order of Tranfportation of any Offender,

V.	And be it enacted, That every Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be transferred as afprefaid, (hall, before any of them (hall be delivered over to him or them to be tranfported, give Security that he or they will tranfport, or caufe to be tranfported effedually, fuch Offender or Offenders to fuch Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas refpedively, as (hall be appointed by His Maiefty in fuch manner as aforefaid, and procure •fuch Evidence as the Nature of the Cafe will admit, of the landing of fuch Offender or Offenders fo transferred as aforefaid, in that Place or Part or thofe Places or Parts beyond the Seas, whereto he, (he or they (hall be ordered to be tranfported (Death and Cafualties by Sea excepted) ; and that he, (he or they (hall not be fuffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of the Perfon or Perfons fo contrading as aforefaid, or of his or their Afligns.

VI.	And be it alfo enaded, That every fuch Court as aforefaid may appoint Two Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Borough or Place where fuch Offender or Offenders (hall have been convided, who (hall have Power, and are hereby required to con trad with any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be nominated by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Performance of the Tranlportation of fuch Offender or Offenders, and to order fuch Security to be taken as aforefaid ; and alfo to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be delivered by the refpedive Gaolers or Perfons in whofe Cuftody he, (he or they fhall be, to the Perfon or Perfons con trading, or to his or their Amgns ; which Contrads and Security (hall be certified by the Juftices, who fhall make and take the fame to the next Court to be holden, with the like Authority, for the faid County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, to be filed and kept among the Records of fuch Court; and ail Securities for Tranlportation fhall be by Bond in the Name of the refpedive Clerks of the Peace, or other Clerks of the Court, who (hall profecute fuch Bonds in their own Names ; for which Purpofe every fuch Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Court, and his Succeffors refpedively, fhall be deemed a Body Corporate, and fhall have and be paid all fuch Cofts as they ihall fuftain in any fuch Suit, as the Juftices of the Peace fhall at their General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace dired, out of the Public Stock ; and all Monies recovered on fuch Bonds fhall be for the Ufe of the refpedive County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, and be paid to their refpedive Treafurers, to be Part of the Public Stock ; and all Charges in or about making die Contrads, taking Securities, and conveying Felons and other Offenders in order to be tranfported, (hall be borne by each County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Borough or Place for which the Court was held which ordered fuch Offenders to be tranfported; and the refpedive Treafurers (hall, by Order of the Juftices in Quarter Seflions, pay all fuch Charges to the Perfons employed.

VII. And

AJU816.

56* GEO. III.

75

e.27.

aforefaid, M be traafported beyond the Seal for any Term not exceed^ be Number of Years or Term for which fucn Perfon or Pcrfaw norare or (hall be liable by any Law to be traafported; and array fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by HU Majefty aadwkk tk Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint m«y appoint nrotkr Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, in adaitioo ^cefc tifoch u flnU have been heretofore declared and appointed by His for that Parpofe, either within His Majefty's Dominions, or dfcwhere out of His Mriefty’s Dominions, to which any fuch Felons or other Odmdm (hall be conveyed or traafported; and fuch Court as aforefaid is hereby authorized and required to order fuch Offenders to be tratfemd to the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, and hn or thdr Aligns, who (hall coo trad for the due Performance of teh TzaafportaboB; and when His Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-ceflbrs, fall be pleafed to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders, who hath or hare been or (hall be coavi&ed of any Crime or Crimes for which he, (he or they is, are or (hall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Traofportatson to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for a Term of life, or any Number of Years, and fuch Intention of Mercy On lotsotwn d flail be figdfied by one of His Majefty’* Principal Secretaries of Mercy fignified. State, it fall be fewfol for any Court, haring proper Authority/to allow fuch Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a Conditional Pardon, and In older fuch Offender or Offenders to be traafported for fuch Term of life or Years as (hall be fpecificd in fuch Condition of Tranfoortabon as aforefaid, and to make fuch Order of Transfer a* afarefeid; and when any Offender or Offenders hath or have Ware fail be rounded of any Crime or Crimes for which he, (he or they is or are by Law excluded the Benefit of Clergy, the Judge judge m»y before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be convided, or any make Order foe Jdboe of the Xing's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the “?ra*llale . Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, in cafe the (aid Offender or TrinfPorUtKm* Ofatdcre fall bare ten tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer or GaelDdrary ® EwgUmdt or any Juftioe of Cbtfer or Wakit in cafe the feed Offender or Offenders (hall be tried and conridod within my of thriricfpe&ve Juriidi&oo*, (hall# on fuch Intention of Morris aforefaid bring figmfied to him by One of the frid Praripri Secretaries of State, make an Order for the iqumodiate Tnofaorta&bn of focb Offender or Offenders, and for fuch Offender or Offenders to be'tmnsferred as aforefaid, in the fame manner as if fed Istentian of Mercy had been fignified by one of the faid Principal Secretaries of State during the Continuance of the. Affixes or Seffions re which fitch Offender or Offenders was or were condensed} sari Ui Order (hail be confidcved as an Order made at fach Affix** or Seffions ns aforefaid* and (hall be as effedunl* and tee all the fame Confequenoes an any Order for the Traaftettatio* of soy Offender or Offenders made by any Juftice of Oyer and Tauber, Great Seffion, or Gaol Delivery for any County, Cky,

Ubow, Borough or Place, during the Conrinuaooo of the Affixes wfafoss; and fwch Perfon or Perfons fo cootra&ing as aforefaid, Oontv»dorto hb wfar Affigns, by virtue of fuch Order of Transfer as aforefaid* have Property faB tea Property in the Service of fuch Offender or Offenders* Service of triad Tam JUeor Y ttnfcr which fuch Qffwte *r Ofepdew ofcDier-9uil fate bu onioned to be teiofoorted.

VI. And

Hit Majefty empowered to order the Removal of Male Prifoners.

Offender ex-a rained by Surgeon.

Offender to remain in Gaol until removed.

On Receipt of Order, Gaoler or Sheriff to te-move Offender, and deliver him to Overfeer, together with Copy of Caption.

Feet to be paid at ufual.

C.2*.	66°GKO. III.	A.D.18H5.

Efe with fuch Tranfportation, and allow of the Return of any li Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, from time to time, by an Order in Writing to be notified by one of the faid Principal Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of fuch of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace a£ling in and for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Borough, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol ftiall be fituated, as (hall be authorized by His Majefty under His Sign Manual, to dire& the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who (hall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during His Majefty’* Pleafure, or under Sentence or Order of Tranfportation, ana who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, (hall appear to be free nom any putrid or infectious Dif-temper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prifon in which fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be confined, to fuch Place of Confinement within England or the Dominion of Wales, either at Land or on board any Snip or Veflel to be provided by His Majefty in the River Thames* or any navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port or Harbour of England or Wales* as His Majefty, or any Three of Tuch Juftices authorized as aforefaid, fhall from time to time appoint, under the Management of a Snperintendant and Overfeer to be appointed by His Majefty, or any Three or more of fuch Juftices authorized as aforefaid ; and every Offender who fhall be fo removed fhall continue in the faid Place of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other fuch Place or Places as aforefaid, as His Majefty, or any Three or more of fuch Juftices authorized as aforefaid, from time to time fhall appoint, until fuch Offender fhall be tranfported according to Law, or, by the Expiration of the Term of fuch Tranfportation or otherwife, fhall be entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majefty, or any Tlnee or more of fuch Juftices fo authorized as aforefaid, (hall direift the Return of fuch Offender to the Gaol or Prifon from which he fhall have been fo removed ; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Cuftody of any Offender whofe Removal (hall be ordered in manner aforefaid, (hall with all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of any fuch Order, convey or caufe to be conveyed every fuch Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him to fuch Snperintendant or Overfeer, together with a true Copy, attefted by fuch Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which fuch Offender was tried, containing the Sentence of Tranfportation of each fuch Offender refpeftively, by virtue whereof he (hall be in the Caftody of fuch Sheriff or Gaoler ; and alfo a Certificate containing his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour m Prifon before and inter hisTrial, and the Gaoler’s Obfervatfons on his Temper and Difpofmon, and fuch Information concerning Ins Connexions and former Courfe of Life as may have come to the Gaoler’s Knowledge ; tad fuch Superintendant or Overfeer as aforefaid fhall gfre a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Dif-charge of fuch Sheriff or Gaoler.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all foch Fees, on the deliver, ing out of Cuftody of any fuch Offender fo ordered to be removed, as have ufually been paid and would have been due to the Sheriff hr Gaoler in cafe fuch Offender had been removed in order to

have

AD. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.27.

77

VIL AW be k further traded* That the Perfon or Perfont fo Perrons coo-conindstf b afarefoid* and to whom any Offender or Offenders	intTwif-

ftvall beiflwemi in order to be tranfported* or any Perfon or Per- P0” fottjdrrdnf by tbc (aid Juftices (empowered to contract as afore- Jh^J>Jj|h7ny ** fWj or thrir Aligns, may* in fuch manner as they (hall think fit* County u> Senary »d franc the faid Offenders in and through any County of port.

Great Britan* towards the Seaport or Place from whence they are » be tranfported; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall refcue fuch Offenders or any of them* or afUft them or any of them in making their Hope from fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall hare them in their E&apo.

Cutlodj s afovefaid* he* (he or they (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and hall fuller Death as in cafes of Felony without Benefit Doth* of Clergy.

VIII.	Asdbe k further ena&ed* That if any Offender or Offen- PeKoofiwMat den who hall hare been or (hall be fo ordered by any fuch Court as aforefaid to be tranfported* or who (hall have agreed or (hall agree s^uoct. to tranfport himfelf or herfelf on certain Conditions* either for Life or any Number of Years* under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Twenty fourth Year aforefaid* or of the faid recited Ad of the hit Seffion of Parliament* or any other A£t or Ads of Paifiamat, to any fuch Place or Places* Part or Parts as (hall have been nr hall be appointed by His Majefty in manner aforefaid* .

/hall be afterward* at large within any Part of the United Kingdom

of Grett Broom and Ireland* without fome lawful caufe* before

the Expiration of the Term for which fuch Offender or Offenders

(kail have been ordered to he tranfported* or (hall have fo agreed

to tranfport himfelf or herfelf as aforefaid* every fuch Offender

being at large as aforefaid* being thereof lawfully con vide d, (hall

fofo Death* as in cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy ; and

fuch Offender or Offenders may be tried either before the Juftices	w“er>

of Aifixe* Oyer and Terminer* Great Seffions or Gaol Delivery*

for the County* City* Liberty* Borough or Place where fuch

Offender or Offenders hall be apprehended and taken* or from

whence be* (he or they were ordered to be tranfported; and the

Clerk of the Affize, Clerk of the Peace* or other Officer or Clerk

of the Court having the Cuftody of the Records where fuch Order

of Tnufportatioo Sail be made* (hall* at the Requefl of the Profe*

cutoCf or any other Perfon on His Majcfty’s Behalf, make out and

give a Certificate in Writing figned by kirn* containing the Effect Certificate con-

and Sobftance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indi&ment tainin*Sob<bnc«

and Convi&on ot fuch Offender or Offenders* and of the Order n meRta

for his or her Tranfportation* to the Juftices of Affize* Oyer and

Terminer, Great Seffions or Gaol Delivery* where fuch Offender

or Offenders (hall be indaded (not taking for the fame more than Fas.

Six Sh&bgi and Eight pence) which Certificate (hall he fufficient Proof of the Condition and Order for the Tranfportation of fuch Offender or Offenders; and whoever (hall difeover and profecute to Coovi&OQ any fuch Offender or Offenders fo being at large as fiordsd, (hall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every lUwtrd on fah Offender fo confided, and (hall have fuch Certificate to receive Conviaion. the hoe as any Perfon or Perfons may be entitled unto for the appending and profeenting to Convi&ion Perfons who have com-mittedmv Robbery upon the Highway: Provided neverthekfa* Prtmfofcr that His Majefty* his Heirs and SucceUors* may pardon and dif- Pardon.

penfe

HU Majefty empowered to order the Removal of Male Prifoners.

Offender examined by Surgeon.

Offender to remain in Gaol until removed.

On Receipt of Order, Gaoler or Sheriff to remove Offender, and deliver him to Overfeer, together with Copy of Caption.

Feet to be paid at ufual.

C.2*.	66°	GKO.	III.	A.D.

penfe with fiich Transportation, and allow of the Return i luch Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom.

IX.	' And be it further enafted, That from and after ^ the t of this A&, it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, from time to by an Order in Writing to be notified by one of the faid Prij Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of fuch oi Majefty'8 Judices of the Peace a&ing in and for the County, Rj Dirifion, City, Borongh, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol; be fituated, as (hall be authorized by His Majefty under His Manual, to dirc& the Removal of any Male Offender or Offe who (hall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during Majefty’« Pleafure, or under Sentence or Order of Tranfports and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or . thecary, (hall appear to be free from any putrid or infe&ious temper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prifon in which Offender or Offenders (hall be confined, to fuch Place of Cob ment within England or the Dominion of IVales y either at Lan on board any Ship or Vefiel to be provided by His Majefty in River Thames, or any navigable or other River, or within the Li: of any Port or Harbour o? England or f¥alesy as His Majefty. any Three of Tuch Juftices authorized 89 aforefaid, (hall from t to time appoint, under the Management of a Superintendant Overfeer to be appointed by His Majefty, or any Three or m of fuch Juftices authorized as aforefaid ; and every Offender f (hall be fo removed (hall continue in the faid Place of Confintim or be removed to and confined in any other fuch Place or Places aforefaid, as His Majefty, or any Three or more of fuch Jufti i authorized as aforefaid, from time to time (hall appoint, until ft Offender (hall be tranfported according to Law, or, by the f piration of the Term of fuch Tranfportation or otherwife, fliall entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majefty, or any TTnree or roc of fuch Juftices fo authorized as aforefaid, (hall direct the Return fuch Offender to the Gaol or Prifon from which he (hall have been i removed ; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Cuftody of any CI fender whofe Removal (hall be ordered in manner aforefaid, (hall wii | all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of ar | fuch Order, convey or caufe to be conveyed every fuch Offender t j the Place appointed, and there deliver him to fuch Superintendant c1 Overfeer, together with a true Copy, attefted by fuch Sheriff c! Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which fnc I Offender was tried, containing the Sentence of Tranfportation o! each fuch Offender refpe&ively, by virtue whrreof he fliall be i the Cuftody of fuch Sheriff or Gaoler ; and alfo a Certificate con taining his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour in Prifon Wort and after his Trial, and the Gaoler’s Obfervations on his Tempei and Difpofitioti, and fuch Information concerning his Connexion and former Courfe of Life as may have come to the Gaoler's Know ledge j and fuch Superintendant or Overfeer as aforefaid fhatt grit a proper Receipt m Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Dif-charge of fuch Sheriff or Gaoler.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch Fees, on the delivering out of Cuftody of any fuch Offender fo ordered to be removed, . as have ufually been paid and would have been due to the Sheriff i hr Gaoler in cafe fuch Offender had been removed in order to

have i

A.D.181S.

wgeo.hi.

C. 27.

79

tftd all redfoKable Expences which the Sheriff Expence* paid or Gtffcr ftaS wear in every filch Removed, fhall be paid by the *y County, Ac. Cwnty Jtidibg, Drwfion* City, Borough, Liberty or Place fqr wllitlrCout in which the Offender wai confided (ball have been

Ml; m4 tie Sheriff or Gaoler (hall receive the Money due for fuch Expeaca from the Treafurer of fach County* Riding* Divifion*

Cirri Boresgh* Liberty or Place* fuch Feet and Ex pence# being ki slowed by the Order of the Joffices of the Peace* at their Quartern other General Seffions of the Peace* who are hereby required to oak* (ach Order as (hall be juff in that Behalf.

XL And be it further ena&ed* That where any Offender (hall be For deanfing brought tony futh Place of Confinement at aforefaid, in purfuanceof ■«* purifying the Bowen coatamed in tbit Ad* he fhall be waffled* deanfed and ^*hln* punfieLid the Clothes m which be fliaH be then clothed (hall be Ofrendm’ caret, ff neceffay, or otberwife fhall be preferred and taken care of for (so bj the Overdeer of the Place of Confinement* and redeliv* ftrd to tfa upon bb quitting it* or fold for his Benefit* and the Produce thereof accounted far to him by the Overfecr aforefaid ; m& when fach Offender (hall be finally difeharged* either at the End orxxhtrDetmeiaarion of his Term* fuch other decent Clothing, at ML be judged ueoefiary and proper by the Superintendant aformid* fhall be delivered to fuch Offender by the Overfeer of the Place of OnAeant frees which he is difeharged, and alfo fuch Sam of Mooev for Ini inunedhfte Suibfifteftce* as the laid Superintendant Ad tank proper* do as fach Sum (hall not in any cafe exceed Three Boms.

XlL And he it father eriafted*That after the Removal of any Of- Overfeer* to fcodemndet fife Aft, the Superintendant or Overfeer who (hall have	(*»•

die OAs&j dUfa, ftol during the Term of fuch Cuftody have the fame Powtn overturn is ire incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaolen’

Gaoler, and h fib manner be anfwerable for any Efcape of fuch (Mender; tod tSb daringfuch Cuftody (hall fee him fed and clothed according to a Scale of Diet and Clothing to be fixed on, anA notified* Writing by One of His Maiefty’a Principal Secretaries of State to the Superintendant; and mail keep fuch Offender to Labour, at fad Paces and under fuch Regulations, Directions, Limitations and ftelriftions* Us His Majefty* or any Three or more of fuch Ju&xtt fo authorized an aforefaid* (hall from time to time* by any Order to be direded to fuch Superintendant or Overfeers for their Inftroftioo, appoint: And it is hereby declared* that the time Time of Induing which any Offender (hall have continued m Gaol under Sen- prifauMut to tract of Tranfpoftatkm, or being removed under the Provifions afore-	Pilt

End* laB continue confined by virtue of this Ad* (hafl be taken °* T®nn* and reckoned in Difcharge or Part Qtfcharge or fctiifedion of the Tens of hb Transportation.

XHL And be it further enaded* That if any Offender (hall during Overfeer* may fach Cuftody under this Ad be guilty of any Mi (behaviour or dii- Jj*® moderate udedy Cooauft, it Audi be lawful for fuch Superintendant or Over- £S5^lme^if0C her baring the Cuftody of fuch Offender to inffid or catffe to be	?

rilfted mb moderate Pmriftunefft or Corredion as may be inflided bjla* onPerfcras committed to a Houfe of Corredion; and if Efc*P« snybrii Offender (hafi break from or unlawfully efcape from the Rcfcut*

Cnibdy of fudh Superintendant or Overfeer, or if any Perfon IhaS iricu ur attempt to tefeue, or affift in refeuing any fuch

Offender

Puniflunent.

Superintendent to make Returns of Pii-ioners.

Times of Returns.

Appointment of Superintendent.

Report of the Treatment, Earnings of Prifonert, Sec, to be laid before Parliament.

C.27.	5^	GEO.	Hi	A.D.181S.

Offender from fuch Cuftody, or fhall convey or caufe to be conveyed any Difguife, Inftrument for effefting Efcape or Arms to fuch Offender, every fuch Offence fhall be punifhable in the lame manner as it fuch Offender had been confined in a Gaol or Prifon in the Cuftody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which fuch Offender fhall have been convifted.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the Superintendant of the feveral Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Aft fhall from time to time make Returns, fpecifying the Name of every Perfon in Cuftody in each of fuch Places of Confinement, the Offence of which he or fhe fhall have been guilty, the Court before which he or fhe fhall have been convifted, and the Sentence of fuch Court, together with his or her Age and bodily State,. and his or her Behaviour whilft in Cuftody; and alfo the Names of fuch Offenders who fhall have died whilft in fuch Cuftody, or fhall have efcaped or have been lawfully difeharged from the fame; which Returns fhall be made on the Firft Day of every Eaftcr Term, and the Firft Day of every Mifbaelmas Term, to His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at WefiminRer, on the Oath of the Overfeer of fuch refoeftive Places of Confinement, fuch Oath to be made before the faid Court, or any Commilfioner authorized to take Affidavits in the lame.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty to appoint one fit and able Perfon to be Superintendent of any Place or Places of Confinement, either at Land or on board any Ship or Veffel, to which any fuch Offenders fhall be removed by virtue of this Aft; and in cafe it fhall be deemed expedient, it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty to appoint One fit and proper Perfon to be Affiftant or Deputy to the (aid Superintendant at each or any of the faid Places of Confinement; and to be conftantly refident at or near fuch Place or Places of Confinement ; and alfo One proper Perfon to be Overfeer on board each fuch Ship or Veffel, who, with a fufficient Number of Officers and Guards, fhall conftantly refide on board; and fuch Superiu-tendant fhall personally vifit and infpeft fuch Places of Confinement Four times in every Year, or oftener if Occafion fhall require, and fhall diftinftly examine into the State of fuch Places of Confinement, the Behaviour and Conduft of the refpeftive Afiiftants or Deputies, Overfeers, Officers and Guards, the Treatment and Condition of the Prifoners, and the Amount of the feveral Earnings, and the Expences attending every fuch Place of Confinement, and fhall make a faithful Report of the fame to His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, who fhall caufe fuch Report to be laid before both Houfes of Parliament at die Beginning of every Seffion ; and fuch Superintendant fhall diftinguifh in fuch Report the Amount of the Earnings and Expences at each of fuch Places of Confinement, and fhall ftate the average Number of Prifoners confined therein, and the Number of Days' Labour done by fuch Prifoners, diftin-guifhing the Work of Artificers from that of Common Labourers, and fuch Superintendant fhall alfo, in Matters of extreme Neceflity, make a Special Report thereof to His Majefty’s faid Principal Secretary of State, who may, if he fhall fee fit, lubrait fuch Special Report to the Juftices of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, who are hereby authorized to afford fuch Redrefs or provide fuch Regulations

A.D. 1816.

OTGE0.I1L

C.57-

81

toons os they (hall deem proper; and fuch Superintendent, Affiftants Continuance of or Deputies refpedively, and Overfeers, (hall continue in Office SuP^rimemUntf dnraw Hu Majefty's Pleafure, and (hall receive fuch Salaries as His *c*m office* Majcfty (hall appoint; and fuch Superintendant (hall be paid fuch travelling and other reafonable Expences as (hall be incurred by him io Difeharge of his Duty.

XVL And be it further ena&ed, That if any Offender hath Judgssmay already been ordered to be tranfported to any Part beyond the Seat, Sentences or if any Order (hall at any time hereafter be made tor the Tranf- ^T[tnfport" portatkm of any Offender, and fuch Order cannot be conveniently executed with rcfped to the Place in fuch Order mentioned, it (hall be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, or (in the Vacation time and out of Term) for any Two Juftices of the Court of Kane's Bench, Common Pleas or Barons of the Court of Exchequer of toe Degree of the Coif, to order that fuch Offender (hall be tranfported to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, which (hall have been appointed by His Majefty for the Tranfportation of fuch Offenders, in fuch and the like manner and for the fame Term of Years as fuch Offender is or (hall be liable to be tranfported to the Place mentioned in the original Sentence or Order for nis or her Tranfportation ; and loch Order (hall be confidered as made at the fame time, and Such order to (hall be as effe&ual to every Intent and Purpofe, and (hall have all hste like Efcft the fame Consequences in every eefped as the original Order for q the Tranfportation of fuch Offender; and fuch Offender (hall be Tranfportation. transferred, conveyed and made over to any Perfon who will contrad for the Performance of fuch Tranfportation, and to his or their Af-figns, in like manner as if fuch Offender had been tranfported to the luce mentioned in the original Order of Tranfportation j and fuch Perfon or Perfbns fo contra&fog as aforefaid, nis or their Affigns, by virtue of fuch Order of Transfer as aforefaid, (hall have a Property in the Service of the (aid Offender for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered to* be tranfported ; and Offender found in cafe any fuch Offender fo ordered for Transportation (hall be at large, afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Bri» -lets, without feme lawful Caufe, before the Expiration of the Term for which foch Offender (hall have been ordered to be tranfported, every fuch Offender, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and (hall be Death, tried before foch Judges, and in fuch manner, and the feme Evidence made ufe of for his or her Convidion, as is or (hall be direded by the Laws now in being or hereafter to be made for the Trial of other Offenders who (hall be at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be tranfported $ and whoever (hall difeover and prolecute to Convidion any fuch Of- tteward on fender (b befog at large within this Kingdom as aforefaid, (hall be Couvidion. entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Offender fo. convided, and (hall have fuch Certificate to receive the feme, as any Perfon may be entitled to for the apprehending and profecutfog to Coim&foi} Perfons who have committed any Robbery upon the

And be it further enaded, That the Expences of carrying Account of Ex-this Aft into Execution as for as the fame relates to the Removal of P*00**1*^ **• Prifbnm convided, and remaining fo Cuftody under Sentence of fort PtrlMin*nt* Death, and refpited during His Majefty's Pleafure, or under Sentence

XGx>7uI.	6

APGEO.IIL

A.D.181

General Iflue.

Treble CofU

Limitation of AdHona.

X9 G. 3. e. 74. §i»*

*5 G. 3. c. 46.

Continuance of

Att.

or Order of Trinfpo#Ution to other Placet of Confinement* end wbk, are not otherwife provided for, (hall be annually laid before bo Houfes of Parliament, and (hall be provided for in the next So plies to be granted to Hia Majcfty by Parliament.

XVIII.	And be it farther enaded, That if anv Suit or Aftk, (hall be profecuted againft any Perfon or Periods tor any thing dot in ptlrfuance of this Ad, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the Gener Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence star Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the At thority of this Ad; and if a Verdid (hall psjfe for the Defendant < Defendants, or Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall beedme Nonfuit, or difeor tioue bis, her or their Adion or Adions after I flue joined, or if upc Demurrer or otherwife Judgment (hall be given againft the Plainti or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (nail recover Treble Cofe and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendants ban b Law in other cafes \ and notwithftanding a Verdid (hall he given t any Plaintiff in fuch Adion or Suit as afarefaid, fuch Plaintiff lUal n6t have Cofts againft the Defendant, unlefe the Judge before wbon the Trial (hall be, (hall certify his Approbation of the Verdid.

XIX.	And be i« further ena&en, That all Adions, Saits anc Profecutaons to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons foi any Thing done in purfvanoe of this Ad, (hall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fad was committed, and (hall be commenced within Slat Calendar Months after the Fad com nutted, and not otberwife.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That £0 much of an Ad palled in the Nineteenth Year ef the1 Reign of His prefent Majcfty, inti-faded An AS to explain and amend the Laws relating to Tranftnrtstiw Imprisonment and ether Pwmfhment of certain Offender** as relates u Tranfpcrtatton beyond Seas, and to much of an Ad palled in th Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of Hia prefent Majesty, intitule* An AB for the more eJcBual Transportation of Fefane and otbn Offender* in that Part (f Great Britain called Scotland, and to oath rent the Removal of Ptijdnere tn certain Cafes* as authorizes th Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, whicl were continued by fubfequent Ads of the Twenty eighth, Thirtj fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty fecond, Forty fixth, Fifty third tod Fifty fourth Years refpedivcly of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight fcusdm and fifteen, aod until the End of the then next Seffion of Pub ment, (hall be and the fame is hereby continued for the Tern hereinafter mentioned.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That thin Ad (hall continue tn be in force until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Ad to enable the CommiflSoners of His Majefty’s Treafori to iflue Exchequer Bills, oft the Credit of f«ch Aids or Sup plies as have been or ftiali be granted by Parliament for tin Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eigh hundred and fixteen*	£21 ft May xRi6^

u TREASURY may iflue Exchequer Bills in manner preferib* " by 48 G. 3. c. t—~§ i, Cbfelfes, dec. in the reeked Ad idatinj

« n

JLD.M1*

58* GEailL



88

a to Eftkqwr BtHt extended to A€t9 $ 2. PrtVifo M to ifltfing

*	Eftfapcr Ms on Credit of 55 G. j. c. 3. in any Giber Manner

a is tkj ire authorized by this Ad, < 3. Intereft not exceeding •jM per Celt per Diem, f 4.	Exchequer BiHs may, at Expfta-

*	tin ef Fear Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the B InwK, j r. Bank of England authorised to advance 8,ooo*obbl.

® oe Credit ot Aft, notwitbrauding 5 & 6 W. 6c M. c. 20.—f 8.

CAP. XXIX.

Aq Aft to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Lhtttes of Caftans, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods,

Warn ad Merchandize, and to repeal fo much of lereral Afts paftd a die Forty fevcftfth, Forty ninth and Fifty firft Tears of the Reign of His preferit Majefty, as chtfrge any Loans made for the Service of the Yefcra One thoufand eight hundred and feren, One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, upon the War Danes of Cuftoms or Excife, and to charge fuch Loans on the Dubes of Cuftoms made perpetual.	[21ft May 1816. j

4 TT7HER1AS an Ad pafted m the toft Seffion of Parhamefat, 55 G. 3. c. 33.

4 Vf intituled An AS tv eoatimui, until the Fifth Day if July One 4 tbwfdni eight hutdrei endfixtttn9 certain Temporary or War Duhei 4 of Cedhm* ti tie Importation into Great Bntain of Goode, Wdree 1 and MercUdhe, smithy certain Duties of Cuftdukfc therm de-

*	(dbed iw costmud antil the Fifth Day of My One thotfUnd ‘ eWbttiafctd ltd fateen: And Whereas it is expedient that the 4 hid Dttfe forid be made perpetual f9 Be it therefore ena£fc*d hf Tlfe Kftfl Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adrioe and Coofot or (be Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cotnmofis, m thk p&ht Farfitneat afiembled, and by the Authority of the fam^

'Hat the TehpOrtry or War Duties of Cuftoms on the Importation Duties con-into Graf Jb&m of Qomh, Wares and Merchandise, which Were tiuued by re-by tbeflidrtdfcrfAA of the laft Seffion of Parliament eoMfiktfed c,teJA£* ra(de irtdl ti* fifth JkjdJtdy One thoafaad eight hundred dn& ftxteen, ua ‘ faff betid the mat arc hereby made permanent and- perpetual.

1 H. Asd Whofes ad A6I puffed in the Forty Wventh Yea* of 47 G. 3. SelT. x.

*	the Remtof His prefect Majdfty, intituled An A3 far charging thk c*W* § *•

*	Sm (f Twelve MilTtonj, Part of the Loan of Twelve million* two 4hundred thtifaud Pounds7 rat fed for the Service of Great Britain 1 fir tie Tt# One thoufand eight hundred and feven9 wpok the Duties

*	tf Cufim end ixei/e granted to Hit Mayfly during the Continue 4 due if tie firefent War9 and for certain Period* after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace ; and for providing a Sinking

*	Fundftr tie Redemption of the Stock* or Fund* thereby treated;

1 asd asothcr Aft paifed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 490.1.6.9*.

‘ His prefect Mqefty, intituled An AS for charging the Sum of I a,

4 Hewn Militiu teifedfor the Service of Great Britain for the Tear 4 Gm tionfmd eight hundred and nine9 and the Sum of Seven million*

1 dine kur/J and thirty two thoufand one hundred Pounds in Ex-

*	cheque ML funded fvrfuAdt to an A3 of thh Seffion df Parlia*

*	neat of* the Ddtee Wahttii ter Htt Mdfijty during the Continuance 9 tf tkfAfil Wot9 oitd fW Mrt&K period* after Ihi Ratification

G 2	‘	of

C29, SO:

56* GEO. III.

A«D, 1816;

5i G.3. c.6i.

I*.

repealed. Application of Duties.

AB maybe altered, dec.

*	of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and another Ad palled in the

*	Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An

*	AS for charging the Sum of Seven milliont five hundred thoufand 4 Pounds, rasfed for the Service of Great Britain for the Tear One 4 thoufand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His 4 Majefii during the Continuance of the prefent War, and for certain 4 Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace : And 4 Whereat by the {aid refpedwe Acts certain Loans made for the 4 Services of the Years One thoufand eight hundred and feven, One 4 thoufand eight hundred and nine, and One thoufand eight hundred 4 and eleven refpedively, and in the faid recited A&« refpedively

*	fpccified, are charged upon the feveral Duties of Cuftoms and Excife

*	which were granted during the Continuance of the late War for 4 certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of « Peace by feveral Ads of the Forty third, Forty fixth, and Forty

*	feventh Years of the Reign of Hit prefent Majefty, in the (aid

*	laft recited Ads of Parliament of the Forty feventh, Forty ninth 4 and Fifty firft years refpedively particularly recited and fet forth: 4 And Wnereas it it expedient that the fame fliould be repealed ;* Be it therefore eaaded, That fo much and fuch Parts of the faid feveral recited Ads of Parliament of the Forty feventh. Forty ninth, and Fifty firft Years refpedively, as charge the Cud Loans therein refpedively fpecified upon the faid feveral Duties of Cuftoms and Excife which were granted during the Continuance of the late War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad made perpetual, the neceflary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, (hall be carried to and roade Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and (hall be deemed an Addition to the Confolidated Fund of Gnat Britain for the Purpofe of defraying the Charges occafioned by the faid feveral Loans made for the Services of the faid Years One thoufand eight hundred and feven, One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and One thoufand eight hundred and eleven refpedively, and (hall be deemed to be a Pronfion for defraying the annual Charges occafioned by the (aid Loans refpedively, in lieu and inftead of the Prorifions made for-that Purpofe by the faid recited Ads of the Forty feventh. Forty ninth, and Fifty firft Years of His Majefty’s Reign respectively.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad, or any of the Prorifions thereof, may be altered, variedor repealed by any Ad or Ads of Parliament to be pafied in this Seflion of Parliament.



CAP. XXX.

An Ad for indemnifying the Commiilioners of Excife in Scotland, and all Perions who may have aded under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders iflued and Things done relative to certain Ads regarding the Diftillerits m Scotland.	[aid	May	1816.]

2S 3*c- 1 TT7HEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Twenty fifth Year of 4 VV the Reign of His prefent Majeftv, intituled An AS for \ repealing fo much of an AS made m the Jafi Sejfion of Parliament as

1 relates

A.D.1818

56* GEO. III.

C.S0.



*	rtlata t$ the Diftillntion of Com Spirits in /mail Stills tn certain 4 Caries or DiiriBs of tbs Highlands in that Part o/“ Great Britain 4 a&J Scotland; ana for authorizing the Commiffioners of Excife in 4 fcxiud to grant Licences to Per font living m the faid Counties or

*	DftsiBs to atpil Spirits from Barley, Bear or Bigg, the Growth of 4 tie feed Counties, and for impeding a Duty on fitch Licences s And

4 Whom another Ad wan palled in the Thirty third Year of tbe 330. •	-

4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for the Regulation	*	***

* of DifiUeriet in Scotland, and the Exportation of Britifii made 1 Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,

4 for o hooded timet And Whereat another Ad was palled m the 4 Tlurty fewmh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 37 0.3. c t 4 An Ad for granting to His Majefty additional Duties on Diftilleries	'

4 is the federal Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein partial 4 lerly defeated, for a lindted timet ana for regulating the Duties 4 m DijRflerUt in the reJbeBive DiftriBs in Scotland: And Whereas 1 mother Ad was paflea in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of 39 k 40 q 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for repealing «• 73.

4 the Duties of Excife on Diftilleries in Scotland, and on the Export-4 atios of BxttiJh made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for 4 grading other Duties tn heu thereof: and for altering, amending 1 end eontnmg certain ABs of Parliament for the Regulation of 4 DijliUtrus m Scotland; by which feveral Ads Regulations were 1 made rristnre to Stills and Diftillers in certain Diftrids of Scotland 4 diftragatihed from each other by Boundaries in the laid Ads re-‘ (pedndy particularly deferibed and fet forth: And Whereas 1 another Ad was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 0.3. Ctlyt 4 His pretest Majefty, intituled An A3 for repealing the Duties 4 payable in Scodand upon Diftillers* Wajb, Spirits and Licences, and *for greeting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another 4 Ad wit made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent 55 0.3. c. t rr, 4 Majefty, intituled An AB to continue, until the Fifth Day of July 4 One tlmfand eight hundred andfix teen, the temporary Fourth Part 4 0/ the Duties payable in Scotland upon Diftillers’ Waft, Spirits and

*	Licences, impofed by an AB of the Fifty fourth Tear of His prefent 4 Msjefty, and for enabling His Majefty, by Order in Council, to 1 modify the Operations of the faid AB, or reduce the 1Duties thereby

*	impofed: And Whereas Doubts hare been entertained whether the 4 IMw&ion of Lowland, Highland and intermediate Diftrids as

*	deferibed by the Boundary Lines in any of the faid Ads made in 4 the Twenty fifth. Thirty third, Thirty feventh and Thirty ninth 4 and Fortieth Years refpedively of His Majefty’s Rdgn, were 4 abolHbed by the find Two laft mentioned Ads of the Fifty fourth 4 and Fifty fifth Years of His Majefty’s Reign refpedively, or were 4 dil to be continued and obferved; and by reafon thereof Queftions 1 have ariien whether Spirits could pafs from any one Part to any 4 other Part of Scotland: And Whereas the Commiffioners and 1 Oficenof the Excife in Scotland may have given Directions and*

4 iflned or refufed Permits, and done other Ads, Matters and

4 Tings in relation to the fiud recited Ads and to the DiftiUeries*

4 a teodand which might he deemed unlawful, and Doubts might ‘

4 anfc whether fuch Commiffioners and Officers might not be fubied *

4 to Sotsaad Actions by meant thereof; and it is therefore necetiary *

4 thatfuchCoaumiffionm and Officers, and all Perfont feding under*

G 3	#	their

as

aso,$i.

56° GEO. Ill;

A.D.um

*	their Authority or by their Direction, fhotdd be indemnified -id 4 Delation thereto $’ Be it therefore enaAed by The King’s Moft Excellent Kajefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

Commiffioners aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Commiffioners and others in- and Officers of Excife in Scotland\ and all Perfons aAing under Au^^ty, °r by their Dire&ion, or in purfuanceof any Orders ceeSngi under w InftruAions given by any fuch Commiffioner or Officer in relation the recited Ads. to the Diftilkries in Scotland> or any of the Provifions of any ACt or ACte of Parliament relating to the Diftilleries of Scotland, or the regulating and collecting any Duties of Excife in refpeA of fuch Diftilleries, (hall he and are hereby mdemnified for and in refpeA: of all fuch Orders, InftruAions, DireAions, AAs, Matters and things, as the (aid Commiffioners of Excife, or any Perfon or Per fans a&ing bond fide under their Directions or by their Authority, may have given, executed or done in reference to the faid recited A As; and that no fuch Commiffioner or Officer of Excife or Perfon afore* ffud fhall be liable to any AAion or Actions, Suits, IndiAments or Informations, in confequence of any fuch Orders, InftruAions or Directions, or A As, Matters or things, which (hall have been fo done ap afbrefaid $ and in cafe any AAion, Suit, IndiAment or Information, fhall have been or (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any fuch Commiffioner or Officer of Excife, or Perfon afbrefaid, by reafbn of any fuch Orders, InftruAions or DireAions, or A As,' Matters or things as aforefaid, fuch Commiffioner, Officer or Perfon may plead the General Iffiie, and give this AA and the Special Matter in Evidence, and fhall in every fuch cafe, if the VerdiA fhalt be for the Defendant, recover Treble Cofts of Suit*

Per faits may be	II, And be it enaAed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the

granted for fod Commiffioners of Excife, and they are hereby empowered to fromhfigMands DiteAions for the granting of Permits to any Perfon or Perfons to Lowlands. for the cairying or transferring of Spirits from any Part or Parts of the Highlands of Scotland to the Lowlands of Scotland* purfoant to and in Fulfilment 0f any CoxitraA which fhall be proved to the Satis* faction of the faid Commiffioners of Excife to have bpen made and entered into previous to the Firft Day of February One thouftmd eight hundred and fix teen*

CAR XXXI.

An Aft fbjr transferring all Contracts and Securities entered iqjto with or given to the Commiffioners for Tranfports to the Compuffionprs of the ffyvy and Victualing.

Dtift May 1816.}

4 TIT If ERE AS by a CbmmifBon op Letters Patent paftbd under 4 V V the Great Seal of the United Kiagdqm of Great Britain and ‘ Ireland, bearing Date at Uh/hunJhr, the Fifteenth Day of &*t*a-4 bar One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, Rwfer George 9 Baronet, James Bowen Efquire, John Douglas Efquirc, John Hear*

4 meft Do Aor of Phytic, Court nay Boyle Efquire, and John Fotbes 4 inquire, were conftitutod and appointed Commiffioners, during His

*	Majefty’s Pleafure, for conducing the Transport Service, ana dfo 4 fbs the Case of tick and wounded Seamen, as well as for the 4 Cart gad CuftodyoP Prifoacrs of Wkrs And Whemas kiaexpe-*

4 dient

'i



erQEO.UL

& SI

•7

% toxtimt if Hit tbjrfty konld be pfcskd to cancel or revoke the

*	ttioan Bttent, all Properties, Eftatcn, Rifhti aod Conlndi

*	areitied m the kid Commiffiontrs, or their Affiant, on Behalf 'rfffiiMijcty, fhould be preferred tad conveyed over to facfc 4 otha Cooumflioaers or Perfoai as Hit Majefty may be pktfed to 4 appoint in that Behalf ^ Be h therefore enactad by The King*!

Mod Eace&at M^efty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lordt Staritual aad Temporal, and Comment, in thie prefont Paris*’

meot mfiembkd, aad by the Authority of the fame. That if Hit Powtrs of Com. Majety kail be pleafed by any Commiffian or Letter* Patent to cafe- mHBooersfor ce\ tad revoke the (hid Conrauffioo or Letters Patent bearing Date 7™ the (aid Fifteenth Day of September One thou fend eight hundred ^ Tranfport and thirteen; and by any other CommilEon, Letters Patent or Or- 8ervice, may be bet in Coapril, hereafter to be made, to grant, transfer or commit all transferred to or any of the Power*, Authorities ana Rights now veiled in the Co^iffionors Cud Commilfioners, relating to or fo far as they may relate to the ^ Nary.fcc. Coodad and Management of the Tranfport Service, or other Service reCpetibog the Employment of Shift or VefTels in any other Department of His Matefty’s Government, or any thing relating thereto, to the principal Officer* and Commiffiooers of the Navy, that from snAritecfadk Revocation, and fuch further Grant, by His Majefty, att Coatnfts, Covenants aad Agreements made and entered into between the laid CommifSnnera for condu Aing the Tranfport Service, or say Parka on their Behalf, and any other Perfon or Peridot whom-(Soever, forthe Hire of Tranfport Ships and VefTels, or for any other Pnrpofo conaded with the Tranfport Service, or other Service* shove mentioned, er in any manner relating thereto g and all Bond* i&A other Securities entered into by any Perfon or Periods for the doe Performance of CockCootraAs, Covenants or Agreements, or for the doing or perfonasogof any other Ad, Matter or thing whatsoever, irbfiag to the Hud TVaafport and other Service*, {half be vetted in and transform! to the fold principal Officers and Cooamiffioner* of the Navy, aad kali coo tin tie in force in like manner, to all Intent* tod Purposes, as if tbs Dune ContraAs, Covenant* and Agreement#,

Bonds md other Securities, had been entered into with the Coso-

auffionen of His Majefty4* Navy, or any of them.

II. And be it farther ena&ed, That if Hi* Majefty (hall lb as a£rmMd he pleafed to cancel and revoke the (aid Commiffioo at Letters Ftfeat, bearing Date the (aid Fifteenth Day of September Owe tWyWWi eight hundred and thirteen, and by any other Conmriffion or Letters ment or Order in Council hereafter to be made,* to grant, transfer or commit att or any the Power*, Authorities, and ***** sow veiled sa the kid Comnriffietier* for oondaAing the Tntfport Service, relating to or fo far as they may relate to the Cat of fork and wounded Seamen, or any thing relating thereto, srfoforas they may relate to the Care and Maintenance of Prifoners of War, or any thing relating thereto, to the CoanriAoners for vk-tulfog Has Majefty4* Navy, that from and after ftuzh Revocation aod foek farther Gnmt by Hi* Majefty, all ConttaAs, Covenant* aod kmtnetu made and entered into between the kid OomttriConer* hrendafofog the Tranfport Service, or any Perfon mthdr Behalf, Mm other Perfon or Perfon* whomsoever for the Supply of any Airi»« thing* whatfoever, for the Ufe of the fick and wounded <m»h HieSwofty* ^mee or Prifonm of Wn^ ae far any other G *	Purpofe

Such Powers, fo far as refpe&a the Care of fick

Seamen, Ac. may be tranf-ferred to the

for Vi&uaUing.

8«

G.S1> 32.

56° GKO. in.

AJU81&

* Ante, c. so.

»6j.

§ 66.

AUowaacct for the Diet of Nob Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers.

Further Allow-nee of One

Parpofe corinefted with the Ctrt of the faid Seamen or Prifoners, or in any manner relating thereto, and all Bonds and other Securities en-tered into by any Perfoa or Perfons for the due Performance of fuck laft mentioned Contrafts, Covenants or Agreements, or for the doing or performing of any other Aft, Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to the laft mentioned Services, (hall be veiled in and transferred to the faid Commiffionero for viftualling His Msjefty’s Navy, and (hall continue in force in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame Contrafts, Covenants and Agreements, Bonds and other Securities had been entered into with the Commiffioncrs for viftualling His Majefty’s Navy, or any of them.

CAP. XXXII.

An A ft for fixing the Ratesof Subfiftence to be paid tolnnkeepers

and others on quartering Soldiers.	[a i ft May 1816.]

<	YT7HEREAS by an Aft palled in the prefent Seffion of

<	W Parliament, for punifhing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for « the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enafted,

*	that Officers and Soldiers (hall be furniihed with Diet and Small

<	Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates that 4 am or (hall be eftablilhed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament; and

*	an Option is given to Innholders and others, upon whom Officers 4 and Soldiers are Quartered and billetted, to furniih certain Articles

*	gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is juft and expedient 4 that an adequate Allowance (hall be made and eftablilhed for Pro* 4 vilion and otner Articles furniihed to Officers and Soldiers:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Non Commiffioned Officer and Private Soldier who (hall be furniihed with Diet and Small Beer within thofe Parts of the United Kingdom fpecified in the (aid recited Aft by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Soldiers (hall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the (aid Aft, (hall pay and allow for the fame the Sum oi One Shilling per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of April indufive, and from and after that Day the Sum of Ten pence per Diem ; and that for fuch Allowances of One Shilling and Ten pence, the Innholder or other Perfon (hall furniih One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required, in each Day, to each Non Commiffioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier, quartered and billetted on him, to confift of fnch Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or (hall be fpecified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majefty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to bring deeded. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, previous to bring cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vino-gar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the fame (hall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is direfted by the (aid Aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Innholders or other Perfons on whom any Npn Commiffioned Officers or Private

Men



S6° GEO. IIL

C.9*.

89

F<

Si

Horfba quarter, ed, lUte p«r Diem to bo

Regulation with rtTpoft to diet-

f be gartered within the afbrefaid Puts of the United Halfpenny per , hailt by virtue of the (aid Option in the (aid A &, for-i Mho Connmfiiooed Officers or Soldiers with the Articles in Hen of furniihing Diet and Small Beer, at the pjpR^orimi by this Ad, foch Innholders or other Perfons on eh Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and t the £rid Articles (hall hare been fb fupplied, (hall receive on thereof One Halfjpenny per Diem for each Non Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny far Uwem fail be accounted for and paid in like manner as is dire&ed touching the Rate aforefruL

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Perfon within the aforeOud Parts of the United

shorn any of the Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s 1)|*nV°t5* ifalI be quartered by virtue of the faid Ad, for Hay and Snd ^ r, fall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horfe ! the Twenty fourth Day of April inclufive, and from and after that D»y Ten pence per Dim.

IV.	And be it farther ended, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers (hall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small .

Beer Bom the Innholders or other Perfons on whom they may be Onioned Off-billeted, within the aforeiaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the cert and SoUitm Rate hereinbefore ptefcribed while on the March, as alio on and for on March, the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Defiination, and

on the Two fmbfiquent Days, unlefs either of the Two fubfequent Days fall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where Inch Officers or Soldiers (hall be billetted, or within the Difiance of Two Idea thereof; in which cafe it (hall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Perfon as aforeiaid, to difeontinne on and from foeh Market Day the SvppKr of Diet and Small Beer, and to fur-nidi m fieri thereof the Articles in the (aid recited Ad fpecified, and at the Rate hereinbefore mfex^

V.	Provided always, That if any Vi&ualler or other Perfon liable Perfons paying by the Bid recited Ad to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him Money toNon or her, fall pay aay Sun or Sums of Money to any Non Commif-

(med Officer or SoMier on the March, in lieu of furniihing in kind <|jerson the the Diet and Small Beer to which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer March iu lieu of or Soldier is entitled under the faid Ad, every fuch Vi&ualler or Diet, &c. ocher Pierian may be proceeded againft and fined in like manner as if he or (he had refilled to fumiih or allow according to the Directions of the (aid recited Ad the feveral things refpe&ively dire&ed to be fannJbed to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided alio, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Regiment, Troops Company or Detachment, when on the March, (hall be baked, other for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto faU be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-boon whom they (hall be billetted at fuch intermediate Place, forfuch tmeody for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after ar-

the Place of their final Deftination, according to this Ad.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, That whenever k (hall happen that If Halting only “I Reonent, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their ^aDay after March fa| be halted, and it (hall appear by the Marching Orders Market ihrt fin iiot intended fchat foch Regiment, Troop^Company or De- 0«|Diet and

tachment

provilo for Non Commiffioned Officers, See. when halted.

56° GEO. ILL

A.D. 181*.

C. 32, S3.

Small Beer not dil'coutinued.

Regulations as to Recruiting Parties and Recruits on March.

Prerile.

Condnuauce of

a a.

Provtfofsr

Payments.

A€t may he altered, Ate.

tachment (hall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after fnch Arrival (hall be fuch Market Day as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Perfons on whom the Non Commif&med Officers and Soldiers (hall be biiletted, to dtfcontiaue on fnch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Small Beer to any fuch Officers or Soldiers; out that all fuch Officers and Soldiers (hall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from fuch Innholders aud other Perfons aforefaid, upon fuch Market Day as aforefaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been en* titled thereto if fuch Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

VIII. And be it further ena£ted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raifed, (hall, while on the March and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlifted after the Two Days fub-fequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, (hall be entitled to be fupplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates herein beforeprefcribed, except at the Option of the Perfon on whom he (hall be quartered: Provided alfo neverthelefs, that in cafe any fuch Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raifed, (hall re- i move from their Station, and after a time mall return to the fame Place, they and the Recruits by them railed, fo returaiug, (hall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for fuch Two Days as aforefoid, unlefs the Period between the time of their Removal from fuch Place, and their Return thereto, (hall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

IX- And be it further ena&ed, That this A61 (hall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen ; and that all-Payments which have been made, and all A6ts, Matters and things done in purfuance of or in conformity with the Provifions thereof, (hall be as good, valid and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofos as if this Ad had pa(Ted before the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

X. Provided always, and be it Further ena&ed, That this Ad may be altered and varied by any Ad to be made in this Seffion of Pam liament,

cap. xxxra.

An Ad to indemnify fuch Perfon* in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfoives for Offices and Employ tnents, and for extending the time limited for thofe Purpofos refpe&ively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen; and to permit fnch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-nies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and feventeen.	frift	May	i£i6»]

[Tbit 4* m	incept	at	to	Date*	at	J4	<?.	J.	r.	5# J

CAP.

A.0.1811

56® GEO. in.

C. 34,35*

91

CAP. XXXIV.

Ap A£t to charge an additional Duty on Corks, ready made,

imported into Great Britain.	[lift May iB.i6»]

* TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Cut 4 W toms fhould be ixnpofed on all Corks ready madeBe it therefore enacted bv The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflembled, and bv the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, upon all Corks ready made imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of Cuftoms of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Pound Weight.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Cuftoms hereby impofed (hall be managed, ascertained, raifed, levied, collefted, paid and recovered, in fuch and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of the like Nature are managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collefted, paid and recovered.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all Monies from time to time ariftng from the faid Duty, the neceftary Charges of raifing and accounting for the fame refpeftively excepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’a Exchequer at Weft-miufttrt and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner aa the Duties called M Permanent Duties,” impofed by an Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are direft-ed to be appropriated and applied.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be varied,* altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXV.

An Aft for the mere fpeedy and efife&us 1 Collection of tho Topnage Duty upon Ships Inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Tresfury to regulate the Honrs of Officers’ Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitters’ Certificates. [aift May 18x6.3

* \T7HEREAS it is expedient that Pruvifion (hould be made for 4 W the mow fpeedy aad effectual Colkftion of the Tonnage

Doties payable upao Sups and Veflek entering Inwards in Great 4 Britain from Foreign Porta;9 Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Mriefty, by and with the Advice aad Con* fan of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pvefant Bnianait aflembled, and by the Authority of the fsmtw That has and after the paffing of this Aft no Officer of His Mar's Cs&ota* whatsoever, or any Deputy or Clerk of fuch Officer,* I psrtrit or After any Ship or Veflel to break Bulk, or any Pert of her Ctrgo to bo difcoarged,or iffue aay Order, or giant say Do->

cument

Duty oo ready made Corks bn* ported.

Managed sa other Duties of Cuftoms.

Application of Duties.

49 0‘3-c.9*.

A£t may be altered, &c.

Tonnage Duty to be pakl before any Veflel it faltered to break Balk.

C» 3j •

A. D. 1619.

56° (*>E0. III.

470. 3. Se£i. cJt.

IS.

Tresfury miy alter Hours of Attendance of Officers of Cuf-tems in London,

cument for the un(hipping or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize brought or imported by any Ship or VefTel fubje& and liable to the Payment of the Duties of Tonnage, until the laid Duties have been fully paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms ; or in cafe rny Doubt or Difpute (hall artfe as to the true Tonnage thereof, fo that a perfeft Entry cannot be patted, then in every fuch. cafe a fufficient Depofit (hall be made of the faid Duties with fuch. Officer as afurefaid, previous to any Document being iffiied or granted for the unihipping or landing any Part of the Cargo of fuch Ship or VefTel fo entering Inwards as arorefaid; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

* II. And Whereas py an A<£t parted in the Forty feventh Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majeftv, intituled An AS to extend 4 the Provifions of an A3 made in tie lafl Sejpon of Parliament, 4 for ahoftibing Fees received by certain Officers and other Perfons 4 employed in the Service of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, and 4 for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others fo employed, to 4 the Outports ; and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolifhed and 4 vacant Offices in the Cuftoms to the Superannuation Fund; it is pro-4 vided and ena&ed, that it (hall be lawful for the Lords Com-4 miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of 4 them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often as 4 they (hall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue,

' 4 and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during 4 which the Officers, Clerks or other Perfons employed in the 4 Service of the Cuftoms at any Port of Great Britain, except the 4 Port of London, are now by Law required to attend in the Exe-4 cution of the Duties of their refpe&ive Offices or Employments; 4 and to regulate and dire& the Attendance of every fuch Officer, 4 Clerk or other Perfon fo employed, in fuch manner and during 4 fuch times and at fuch Places as they the faid Lords Commiffioners 4 of His Majefty’s Treafury fliall in their Judgment deem expedient 4 for the public Service; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary 4 notwithftanding: And Whereas it is expedient that the Lords 4 Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury (hould have the like 4 Power of altering and fixing the legal Hours of Attendance of the 4 Officers in the Port of London f Be it therefore ena&ed, That it fliall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty** Treafury, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often as they fliall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue, and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks or other Perfons employed in the Service of the Cuftoms in the Port of London^ are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of their refpe&ive Offices or Employments; and to regulate and dire& the Attendance of every fuch Officer, Clerk or other Perfon fo employed in fuch manner and during fuch times and at fuch Places as they the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury fliall in their Judgment deem expedient for the public Service; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 III. And Whereas great Inconvenience has been experienced 4 by the Shippers of Coaus in confequence of the Ships and VefTds 4 not being permitted to commence lading until the Fitter or Perfon 4 vending fuch Coals has delivered to the Officer of the Cuftoms.

4 Certi-

&.D.1816

58*GE0(iSLC.35,8&	93

*	Qcct&afei of the Quantity of Coals intended to be taken on

*	booed £tch Ships or Vcflels s* For Remedy whereof, be it enafted,

Tki foafl and may be lawful for the Maker or other Perfbn Veffeb may ba

hmbg' or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veffd in *«h

daft aay Coals are intended to be taken on hoard for the Purpofc Sr*”*^*

of bwg carried Coaftwife, or for the Fitter or Fitters or any other Quaatky 4*1*.

Wa or Fexfbos rending, felling or intending to (hip fuch Coals, wad utOficit

to commence and complete the Loading of any fuch Ship or Veflel, of Cuftumt as

though die Certificates required by an A6t pafled in the Fifty	by

ftcood Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Au AS J*0,3‘c* ^

to repeal on AS of the Twenty fifth Tear of Hie prefent MajeJy,for f

letter Jentiny tie Duties on Coals, Culm and Ctnders, and maJting

other Pnvifms in Bern thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Cdal

Trade to k meafured, (hall not have been delivered to the proper

Oficen of the Cnftoms; and in every cafe where the Loaning- is

completed before the Delivery of fuch Certificates the fame mall

expvds foe Quantity of Coals aftuaUy (hipped, and Audi be delivered

to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms prior to the Ship or VefTei

Vexing foe Fort; and if any falfe Certificate (hall be made or given Delivering f4u«

by my (ech Fitter or Fitters, Coal Owner or Agent, of the Quantity Certificate.

o\ Cods fold or vended and actually (hipped or laden on board fuch

Ship or Vefid, or who (hall deliver any fuch Certificate or Certificates

hgoed by aay Perfbn, except himfdf or themfelves, every fuch Fitter

or other Perfbn (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sam of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of in Penalty.

foe manner drafted by the (aid redted Aft of the Fifty fecond Year

of Hu pcefa* Mayfty.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Ad to repeal Two A£ts pafled in the Reign of King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles.	[21ft	May 1816J

WHEREAS it appears no longer neceflary or proper to cootame the Prohibitions on the Importation of certain ‘ Articfcs contained in an Aft paffed in the Third Year of the Reign ‘ of Ring Edward the Fourth, intituled Certain Merchandises not 3 Ed.4. c.4.

4 lawfwl to k brought ready wrought into this Realm; and in an 4 Ad Defied in the Firft Year of the Reign of King Richard the * *-3- «•

4 Third, mtitnled Certain Merchandizes prohibited to be brought into 4 this ReAn ready wrought; and therefore that the laid Afts (houlcf 4 be repealed ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Ex* celfent Majefty, by and with the Advice andConfent of tlje Lords Sptritaal and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a&nhfcd, and for the Authority of the fame. That from and after Redted Afts the pdfog of tms Aft the (aid Two Afts, and every thing therein rspsded. Waned, flail be and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP.



c, *7—sa

S6*.dB0,

A.D. A

13 k 14 Car. 2. c. ii« 4 23.

repealed.

$ Spending Biillot for Local Militia.

Sb Days* Attendance of Yeoreaniy and Volunteer Ca*

CAP. XXXVII-An Aft to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce Germany.	[2tft	May	1	\

4 XYTHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Thirteenth and 4 W teenth Years of the Reign of Mis late Majefty King CJbe 4 the Second, intituled An AS for preventing frauds and regia 4 Abufes in His MajeJly's Cuftoms, it is among ft other Things en

*	ed, that no Grocery fhau be imported into England or /(Po/r

*	Berwick upon Tweed from the Netherlands or Germany, upon

*	Pretence whatfoever, in any Sort of Ships or Vefiels whatfoe 1 upon the Penalty of the Lots of the faid Goods, as alfo of the Slj

*	and Furniture 1 And Whereas it is expedient to repeal fo much

*	the (aid recited Aft as extends to the Article of Prunes the Prodi 4 of Germany ;f Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Ex< lent Matefty, by and with the Advide and Confent of the jLoi Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefeut Parliann ailembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That froni and aft the palling of this Aft, fo much of the (aid recited Aft as relat to Prunes the Produce of Germany (hall be and the fame is hereby 1 pealed.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Aft td empower His Majefty to fufpend the Ballot or En rolment for the Local Militia.	[21ft	May	1816,

4 XT7HEREAS it is expedient that His Majefty Jhould b 4 W empowered to fufpend any Ballot or Enrolment for th 4 Local Militia;9 Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mol Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Comfnons, in this prefenf Par Karnes anetxibted, and by the Authority of the fame, That it ffiatl be lawful for His Majefty, by any Order in Council, to direft that wo Battol or Enrolment for the Local Militia (hall take place; bat that fucii Ballot and Enrolment (hall remain and continue fufpeoded for the Period fpecified in any fudh Order of Council, and from time to time, by any like Order or Orders in Council* to continue fuch Sirfp£fifion 10 long as His Majefty (hall deem the feme expedient; affy thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary xfOtvtfthftanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

Att Aft t6 reduce the Number of Mays of Mflftet or Exer-cife of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry. [2ift May i8nf.J

4‘ HEREAS it is expedient that the Number of Bays9 At-

*	V? tendaace at Mufter or Excfeife, neceflary to entitle Per*

*	Tons ferving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry to 4 be returned or certified as efieftive Members of fuch Cdrps* fbcnzJri

*	be reduced ;9 Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament auembled, .and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft the Number of Days’ Attendance at Mufter or Excrcife of Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, to entitle

12	any

iVQEO.UL

C.39,40.

any Pdas fenmg in fuch Corps to be returned or certified it an efedie Member thereof, Aall be Six in each Year, any thing in an Ad jaded in tlie Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Ifipay, reLttmg to Volunteer Corps, to the contrary noturth-itfdbg; and the (aid Ad (hall be conftrued, as to all Retinas W Certificates of Commanding Officers of fuch Corps, or others, mWdir Number of Days1 Attendance at Mufter or Exercife, fpe-dfed in the find Ad as neceflary to entitle Perfons ferviag in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry to be returned or certified as had been Six inflead of Twelve in each Year j and fuch Number of Six Days (hall in like manner be divided into Two Days or Three equal Parts in each Four Months, indeed of Four Days as ia the find Ad provided* with fuch Provifiona as to making good any Number of Days at different Periods, as are contained in the find Ad a relation to the Days of Mufter or Exercife fpecified in the find Ad.

IL And be it further enaded, That in any cafe where a Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry fhould attend at Mufter or Exer-Five Days foccdfivdy, fuch Five Days’ facceffive Attendance Haft tntkVr each Individual fo attending to be returned or certified a e&c&we, the fiane as if be had attended the whole Number of Six Days according to the Provifions of this Ad.

CAP. XL.

An Ad for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, an Ad of the Forty fourth Tear of His prefefu Majefty, to continue the Refb&kms contained in the feveral Ads of His prefent Majeftjr, on Paymants of Calk by the Bank of England.

[21 ft May 18x6.3

WHEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Forty fourth Tear of the Rdgn of His prefent Majefty, intituled Ah AB to continue until Sue Month* after the Ratificatkn rf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the RiflriBione contained in federal AS*, modi in the Trnrfy ftvcntb. Thirty eighth, Forty fecond, and Forty third Tear* of the Reign of Hit prefent Majefti, on Payment* of Cdjb hy the Bank of England, which Ad has by feveral fobfequsnt Adi Sieeir continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight umdied and fixteeu: A ad Whereas it is highly defirable that the Sank of England fhould as foon as poffible return to the Payment of its Notes in Cafh; but it is expedient that the Proviflort of the [mad Ad fhould be further continued, in order to afford time to the Diredoes of the Bank to make fnch Preparations as to their Dtf* credos and Experience may appear moft expedient for enabling them torefume Payments in Cafh without public Inconvenience* and at the eariieft Period, and that a time fhould be fixed at ufakfc die find Reftridion fhall ceafe :* May it therefore phafe Xsar Mwffy that it may be enaded > and he it enaded by The Jjtft Moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Can* faadde Lords Spiritual mid Temporal, and Commons, in tWspra* fentMaarat affinnbfed, and by the Authority of the fame, That the ffil be aod the fame is hereby further continued until theFiMDtyof July Oste thoufand right hundred and eighteen.

94

rtlry, to entitle Perfbns to be returned at cft&ive.

44 G. 3-«*i4. bow conftrueJ.

Five fuccefllve Days to entitle Perfons to l>e lu returned.

44C**c. x.

continued.

96

CU1.

66° GEO. III.

A.r>-1

CAP. XII.

liilh Treifury may *^ue Bflls to a certain Extent to bear Jntereft.

Bills ifTued not to exceed M70pooL

An AGt for raifing the Sum of Two millions four hundred fcventy thoufand Pounds Irijb Currency, by Treafury ] for the Service of Ireland* for the Year One thoufand < hundred and fixteen.	[21ft May x h

1 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7 E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, t< 4 VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 land, in Parliament affembled, being defirous of raifing the nece 4 Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted to 1 9 Majefty in this Sefiion of Parliament, have refolded that a Sum 9 exceeding Two millions four hundred and feventy thoufand Poi 4 Irijb Currency be raifed by Treafury Bills in Ireland* in mat 4 hereinafter mentioned;’ And do therefore moft humbly befe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by 1 King’s moft Excellept Majefty, by and with the Advice and C feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in 1 prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fas That it ihall and may be lawful for the Lord Hign Treafurer Ireland for the time being, or for the Commiffioners of His b jefty’s Treafury of Ireland* or any Three or more of them, now for the time being, if he or they (hall judge it advifeable, at any tii or times after the palling of this A€t* by and with the Confent a Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor Governors of Ireland for the time being, to prepare and make ai iflue, or caufe to be prepared or made and ifTued, any Number 1 Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums refpedtively fpecific therein, (not exceeding in the whole the Amount hereinafter mei tioned and directed,) and declaring fuch Sum or Sums to be payabl or fuch Bills to pafs current at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Each quer of Ireland* at fuch time and times as Ihall be dueled by tfa laid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury for th time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Confent and Ap probation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go vernors of Ireland for the time being, and as (hall be expiefled in fuel; Bills refpe&ively; and fuch Bills (hall bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum ; and the laid Bills ihall be numbered in Aritnmetical Progreffion, beginning with Number One.

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to authorize the find Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of the Treafury in Ireland* to iflue any fuch Bills under this Ad, to any Amount exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two millions four hundred and feventy thoufand Pounds Irtfb Currency ; and that fuch Bills fhall be iilued for fo much only of the laid Sum of Two millions four hundred and feventy thoufand Pounds Irijb Currency as (hall be adually paid by any Perfon or Perfons into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer oi Ireland* at the Inftance or by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury of Jrclandh or anyThree of them

DOW

56° GEO. III.

CAl.

97

firoo the Iffiunj arPerfoaa enth

Annum) (hall commence all be paid to the Perfon

all Dedudions whatfoever j and that every fuch Bill fo to be iffued BUli, If not paid for the (aid Sum of Two millions four hundred and feventy thou- off, (hall be land Pounds Jrtjb Currency, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, (hall taken in Pay. or may, on or after fuch time or times as (hall be appointed by the "tentof Reva-faid Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or by the faid Com- “^®r“uch miffioners of the Treafury now or for the time being, or any Three „ Treafury (hall of them, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord appoint, Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, if not fooner paid off, be received and taken by and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Cuftoms,

Excife or any Revenue, Aid or Tax in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Cuftom, Excife or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter refpedively to become due or payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in Ireland, and (hall be taken, pafs and be current at the ’Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, from every fuch Receiver or Colledor, for or in rciped of the Cuftoms,

Excife or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him colleded or received, at or after fuch time or times fo to be appointed as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaded, That as foon as any of the andlmereft faid Treafury Bills, which (hall or may be iffued in purmance of tall

this Ad (hall be received by any Receiver or Colle&or, purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad, all Intereft (hall ceafe from the Day of fuch Receipt, and (hall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame, when paid by fuch Receiver or Colledor into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, (hall be cancelled.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies to be received Money to be

under or by virtue of this Ad (hall be paid into the Receipt of His carried to the Majefty’s Exchequer at Dublin> and mail be carried to and form JConfeli-Part ot the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.	x	UD

‘ V. And be it further enaded, That all the faid Treafury Bill*, Bills to be and all Intereft thereon, or which (hall become payable in refped targeable of the laid Sum of Two millions four hundred and feventy thou- thereo°* fand Pounds Irijb Currency, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland*

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful Bank of Ireland for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland) or the or Bank of Eng-Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend bDd may 4d‘ to His Majefty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer in Dublin, or at ™^oooL oa the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in London» any Sum or Credit of A€t. Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of Two millions four hundred and feventy thouland Pounds Iri/b Currency, any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding; fo that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Intereft, Difcount, Gratuity or other Coofideradon, (hall be demanded or taken by fuch or any of the fad Governors and Companies refpedively, or by any Perlbn on then Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money fo advanced.

V1L And be it further enaded, That the Lord High Treafurer, Intereft anting or Commiffiooers for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer “ England to

I

56 Geo. Ill*

H

of

56° GEO. III.

A.D.18

C.41, 42.

land.

be paid into the of Ireland, do and (hall order and direft and eaufe to be paid Bank of £ng- the Bank of England', without any Fee or Charge, and free fron Deductions whatfoever, all Intereft which (hall become due and j able on fuch Part of the faid Sum as (hall be raifed or advance that Part of the United Kingdom called England9 until fuch 1 as the Holders of fuch Treafury Bills (hall be paid their Princ Money, with all Intereft remaining due thereon, at One entire I ment, at the faid Bank of England.

VIII. And be it further enafted, That the proper Officer* His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby auf rized and requited to obey all fuch Orders, as to the HTue and L ▼ery of fuch Treafury Buis as (hall be required to be tranfmitted England, as they (hall from time to time receive from the L High Treafurer, or Commiffioners for executing the Office of L High Treafurer of Ireland.

Tranftnitting Treafury Bills to England.

CAP. XLII.

An AGt for raifing the Sum of One million feven hundr thoufand Pounds Britijb Currency, by Treafury Bills, f the Service of Ireland^ for the Year One thoufand eig hundred and fixteen.	[aift	May i8i(

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 YT7E, Your Majefty* s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, t 4 W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ai 4 Ireland, in Parliament aflembled, being defirous of raifing tl 4 neceffary Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntari 4 granted to Your Majefty in this Seffion of Parliament, have r 4 lolved that a Sum not exceeding One million feven hundred tbci 4 fand Pounds Britijb Currency be raifed by Treafury Bills in IreUm 4 in manner hereinafter mentioned And do therefore moft humbl befeech Your Majefty that it mav be enafted ; and be it enafted b The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice an Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the (amf Iriih Treafury That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer o may ilfue Bills Ireland for the time being, or for the CommiffionerB of His Majettr1: tenVtoTcarEX" treafury of Ireland, or any Three or more of them, now or foj Intereft.C#r the time being, if he or they (hall judge it advifeable, at any time <n times after the pafling of this Aft, by and with the Confent anc Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor oi Governors of Ireland for the time being, to prepare and make and iffue, or eaufe to be prepared or made and iflued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums refpeftively fpeci-fied therein, (not exceeding in the whole the Amount hereinafter mentioned and direfttd,) and declaring fuch Sum or Stuns to be payable, or fuch Bills to pafs current at the Receipt of His Majefty1) Exchequer of Ireland, at fuch time and times as (hall be direfted by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of die Treafury . for the time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and as (hall be e*

■ p re fled in fuch Bills refpeftively; and fuch Bills (hall bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cenhm fer

Annum;

99

A.D.l&lfc

569 GEO.IIL

C.42-

Atom; ad the fad Bills Audi be numbered in Arithmetical Pro-grefie^ beaming with Number One.

E Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein Bilk iffued not canned fluO extend or be conftrued to extend, to authorize the 10 »/Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of the Treafury in /raW, to iflne any fuch Bills under this Aft, to any Amount ex* esiag in the whole the Sum of One million feven hundred thoufand fosds Bnujb Currency; and that fuch Bills (hall be iffued for fo arch only ri the laid Sinn of One million feven hundred thoufand Pounds Britijb Currency as (hall be aftually paid by aoy Perfon or Period into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, at the Inftaace or by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tine being, and of the Lord High Treafurer or Commif-fiuoers of the Treafuxy of Ireland, or any Three of them now or for th; time bekg; and that the Intereft on the faid Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds Per Centum per Annum, (hall commence from the iiTumg thereof mpcdtrely, and (hall be paid to the Perfon or Per-fous entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from adDedu&oM whatfoever ; and that every fuch Bill fo to be iffiied Bills, if not paid for the hid Sum of One million feven hundred thoufand Pounds off, (hall be Britifh Currency, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, (hall or may, on uken “» Pay-or after fudi time or times as (hall be appointed by the faid Lord meD! , |!*T High Treafurer for the time being, or by the faid Commiffioners ^ter fuch time of the Treafury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, u Treafury hy and with die Content and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant (hall appoint, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if not fbouer paid off, be received and taken by and be current to say Recover or Colleftor in Ireland of the Cuftoms, Excife or any Revenue, Aid or Tax in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Clifton, Excife or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or there-after refpeffirely to become due or payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succtffion, in Ireland, and (hall be taken, pafs and be current at the Receipt of His Majefty* 8 Exchequer of Ireland, from eveiy fuch Receiver orColledor, for or in refpeft of the Cuftoms, Excife or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him collected or received, at or after fuch time or times fo to be appointed as aforefaid.

HI. And be it further enafted, That as foon as any of the faid and Intereft Treafury Bills, which (hall or may be iffiied in purfuance of this (hall ceat'e.

Ad, (baB be received by any Receiver or Collector, purfuant to the Provisoes of this A ft, all Intereft (hall ceafe from the Day of fuch Receipt, and (hall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame,

Trhea paid by fneb Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of HiB Majefty1* Exchequer of Ireland, (hall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enaCted, That all the Monies to be received Money to he under or by virtue of this Aft (hall be paid into the Receipt of His	t0.t^#

Exchequer at Dublin, and (hall be carried to and form

ham the Confolidated Fund of Ireland«

V. And be it further enafted, That all the faid Treafury Bills, Bills to be and intereft thereon, or which (hall become payable in refpeft chargeable of tk had Sum of One million feven hundred tnoufand Pounds there<m* Britifi Cnntncjr, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upoD,u&1dbe repaid out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

H 2	VI.	Aad

56* GEO. III.

A>D.

C. 42, 43.

Bank of Ireland or Bank of England may advance

i ,700,cool, on Crediref Aft.

. Intereft arifing in England to be paid into <he Bank of England.

Transmitting Treafury Bills to England.

43 G. 3.C.81. Sch. (A.) tit. Malt.

54 G. 3. c 73*

35 G. 3. c. ay.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* Governor and 'Company of the Bank of England* to advance to His Majefty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in London* any S Bums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Amount 0 million feven hundred thoufand Pounds Briti/h Currency, an or Ads to the contrary not withftan ding; fo that no grea higher Sum, by way of Intereft, Difcount, Gratuity or othei (i deration, (hall be demanded or taken by fuch or any of th Governors and Companies refpedively, or by any Penon on Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Anne any Money, fo advanced.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the Lord High ■ hirer, or Cgmmiftioners for executing the Office of Lord ] Treafurer of Ireland, do and (hall order and direft and can be paid into the Bank of England* without any Fee or Cb< and free from all Dedudions whatsoever, all Intereft which become due and payable on fuch Part of the faid Sum as (hall railed or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom ci England* until fuch time as the Holders of fuch Treafury ; (hall be paid their Principal Money, with all .Intereft remaining 1 thereon, at One entire Payment, at the faid Bank of England.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the proper Officer His Majefty*s Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby autl rized and required to obey all fuch Orders, as to the Iffuc. 1 Delivery of fuch Treafury Bills as (hall be required to be tranfrait 1 to England* as they (hall from time to time receive from the h 1 High Treafurer, or Commiflioners for executing the Office of L< High Treafurer of Ireland.

CAP. XLffl.

An Aft for making certain Allowances of the Duties payable t Malt and Beer.	[31ft	May	1816

*	TT7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of tl

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for gram 1 ing to Hit Majefty, until Twelve Montht after the Ratification (

*	the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Dutiet of Exaj

*	in Great Britain, certain additional Duties were impoled upo ‘ Malt which would have expired at a certain limited time after tl ‘ Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace had not the fal

*	been continued: And Whereas the Same were, by a certain Al

*	made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefa

*	continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand ein

*	hundred and fifteen; and by another Ad made in the Fifty

€ Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, were and are furthf

*	continued until and upon the Fifth I>ay of July One thoulii

*	eight hundred and fixteen, and will then expire: And Whereas it )

‘ expedient to grant an Allowance of the faid additional Duties ill

*	manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enaded hr Tht King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Onto lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in lift prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of die

56® GEO. III.

C.4S.

101

That there (hall be paid or allowed to every Maltfter or Maker of Mak for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, VS&naller mod Vinegar Maker, for all dry unground Malt which he, fht or they (hall produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers o£ Excife in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion, and which (hall be taken an Account of, and the Quantity thereof ascertained by fnch Officer or Officers in manner hereinafter mentioned, between the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen and the Seventh Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and for which the hud Duties (hall hare been charged or paid, the federal Allowances and Sums of Money following i (that is to fay).

For every Bulhel of dry unground Malt ascertained, as herein* after mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called England* from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, Two Shillings :

For every Buffiel of dry unground Malt ascertained as hereinafter mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, except Beer or Bigg, Two Shillings:

For every Bulhel of dry unground Malt afcertained as hereinafter mentioned, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain therewith. One Shilling and Four pence.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, (hall have or be entitled to any Such Allowance, unlefs be, (he or they (hall refpe&ively give Notice in Writing two Days previous to the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and uxteen, to the proper Officer of Excife, of his, her or their Name and Place of Abode, and alfo of the particular Houle, Outboufe, Barn or other Place where any dry unground Malt for or in refped of which he, (he or they intends or intend to claim any fuch Allowance, (hall be kept, laid or depoftted, and unlefs he, (he or they (hall alfo, before the Said Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and Uxteen, place all fuch Malt for or in refpe& of which be, (he or they intends or intend to claim any fuch Allowance as (hall then be a&ually dried, Screened, cleaned and finifhed, into fuch Form as (hall enable the Officer or Officers of Excife conveniently to gauge, take an Account of, and afeertain the Quantity thereof; and in cafe any Corn or Grain which (hall be in Operation for the making thereof into Malt upon any of thole refpe&ive Days before mentioned (hall be a&ually made into Malt, dried. Screened, cleaned and finifhed by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt before the time when the Officer or Officers of Excife Shall firft take an Account of the dry unground Malt, in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt; or in cafe any dry unground Malt (hall be brought by Water under the Regulations in this A& contained, and fhall be delivered into the Stock of any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common BrewerL Dif-t&er, Vi&naller or Vinegar Maker, before the Officer or Officers (hall haw firft taken fuch Account thereof as aforefaid, then and in every fnch cafe no fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, (hall have or be entitled to any fuch Allowance in. refpe& of

H 3	fuch

Allowances for onground Malt produced to Officer between ift and ;rb July.

Allowances for. Malt.

Notice to Excife Officer of certain Particulars, and Malt put into fuch Form as to enable him to. take Account thereof.

C.43.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.1816,

Notice in Writing.

Altering Pofi. lion of Malt.

Removing

Malt.

Penally.

Penalty.

Brewers may make u(e of Malt on giving Notice, and Of* ficer taking an Account there* of.

Obftrudiog Officer in afcer-

fuch Malty unlcfs he, (he or they (hall give previous Notice in Writing by the Space of Twelve Hours to the proper Officer of Excife, of his, her or their Intention to claim luch Allowance in xefpe& of fuch Malt, fpecifying the Quantity thereof, and of the Place where fuch Malt (hall be kept or depofited, and (hall place and keep all fuch Malt in the like Form, but feparate and apart from all other Malt, fo that the Officer or Officers of Excile may conveniently take fuch Account thereof, as is by this ACt directed.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That after any Malt, for or in refpeCt of which any fuch Allowance may be claimed, (hall have been placed in fuch Form as is directed by this ACt, no Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, (hall, on any Pretence whatever, alter the Pofition thereof, until Six Days after the Officer (hall have firft gauged and taken his Account thereof $ and that no Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, (hall remove, carry or fend away, or caufe or procure to be removed, carried or fent away, any fuch Malt from the Houfe, Outhoufe, Barn or other Place in which the fame (hall have been fo gauged, or an Account taken thereof, until Six Days after the Officer (hall have firft gauged and taken his Account thereof; and if any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, (hall, contrary to the Directions of this ACt, alter the Pofition of any fuch Malt, for or in refpeCt of which he, (he or they (hall claim any fuch Allowance, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds ; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, fliall remove, carry or fend away, or caufe or procure to be removed, carried or fent away, any fuch Malt, contrary to the Directions of this ACt, he, (he or they (hall forfeit the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and all Right, Title or Claim to any Allowance which he, (he or they might otherwife have been entitled to under or by virtue of this ACt, for or in refpeCt of any of the Malt in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Poffeflion : Provided always neverthelefs, -that all Common Brewers, Diftillers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, who (hall give to the Officer or Officers of Excife, under whofe Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, previous Notice in Writing by the Space of Twenty four Hours of higher or their Intention to make ufe of any fuch Malt, fo that the Officer may attend and take an Account of and afcertain the true Quantity thereof, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Quantity fo intended to be ufed, (hall oe at Liberty to make ufe of fuch Quantity of his, her or their Malt, for or in refpeCt of which he, (he or they (hall claim any fuch Allowance without being liable to the Forfeitures laft aforefaid, or either of them, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in aiwwife notwithftandmg, fo as the Refidue of fuch Malt (hall be left unaltered, and in luch Form and Pofition as to enable the Officer or Officers of Excife to gauge, take Account of and afcertain the Quantity thereof, in the manner hereinbefore directed.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers of Excife* at his

and

5erGE0.HL

C.43.

103

«a& tier five Will and Pleafure, at any time or timet in the Day between the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred wmi	and	the	Seventh Day of July One thoufand eight hun-

Sad md fixteea, or at any time during the Space of Six Days after the Officer Audi have firft gauged and taken hif Account of any fuch Malt, to enter and go into every Houfe, Outhoufe, Barn or other Ace refpe&ively, where any fuch Malt for or in refpe& of which any fuch Allowance (hall be claimed (hall be pot, laid or depofited, and to take a true and particular Account, and afeertain the exa& Quantity thereof, by Gauge or Meafurement, deducing from fuch Account Twelve per Cent. on Brown or Potter Malt and Five per Cent* on all other dry unground Malt for the Swell and Increafe denof, over the Quantity of fuch Malt charged with Duty; and if amy Fezfen or Persons whatfoever (hall prevent or hinder any Officer or Officer* of Excife from entering or going into any fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Bam or other Place, or from taking fuch Account, or afeertammg the Quantity of fuch Malt as aforefaid, or (hall mix or lay under, with or amongft any fuch Malt any Barley, or undried, unfereened or unclean Malt, or any umnalted Corn or Grain or other thong, with Intent to increafe the Quantity or apparent Quantity of £och dried onground Malt, or (hall bring into or put or place with his, her or their Stock, any Malt which has been before taken an Account of under this A6t, or any Malt of or belonging to any Per-fen not being a Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or make nfe of or pra&ife, or caufe to be made ufe of or prafidfed, any Art, Contrivance or Device whatever, whereby the Officer or Officers of Excife may be obftru&ed in gauging, taking an Account of or afeertaining the true Quantity of fuch dry unground Malt, or wherchv His Majefty may be defrauded, or (hall obftruA or loader *ay fact Officer or Officers in the taking of fuch Account, and ascertaining the Quantity of any fuch dry unground Mak as aforefaid, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to inch Officer or Officers given or granted by this Adi, the Perfon or Perfbos fo offending {hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fhe hundred Pounds, and (hall likewife forfeit all Right dad Title to day Allowance which he, (he or they might otherwife lave been entitled to under or by virtue of this Adi; and all Malt which fhafi be found by any Officer of Excife in taking fuch Account as aforefaid, fo mixed as aforefaid, or under, with or amongft which any Barley, or nndried, unfereened or unclean Malt, or unmalted Cam or Grain, or other thing is found to be laid or placed with Intent to increafe the Quantity or apparent Quantity of Malt dried and onground, or by which His Majefty may be defrauded, and all Mak which (hall be brought in by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt foe Salt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vsdoaller or Vinegar Maker, or put or placed with his, her or their Stock which has been before taken an Account of under this A&, or does not belong to feme Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vic-tmflet or Vinegar Maker, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be fad by ssr Officer or Officers of Excife.

V,	Asd Where** from the peculiar Conftru&ion of certain GfUtattin which large Quantities of Malt are depofited, it mgr be

taming eiaSt

Quantity at Malt.

Fraudulently tn-creafiag the Quantity Malt, 500). Sc.

Penalty.

Malt forfeited.

Commiflioners may dirndl a further Euxnio-

104*

ation of Malt contained in Granaries.

Malt in Operation not to be charged with the Duty under 43 G.3. c.8i.

Certificate of Quantity of Malt and Amount of Al-lowance to be given to Malt* Iter, Brewer, &c.

Maltfter before flipping Malt for one Port to mother to give Notice to Offi-

C.43.	56°	GEO. III.	A.D.	if

difficult for the Officers of Exciie accurately to ganee the I contained therein; be it therefore enaded, That in each and ei fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Excife any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to dira further Examination of the Malt contained in fuch Granaries, in 01 to ascertain and determine whether any and what further Allowa for Compreffion (hould in the Judgement of the faid Commiffion be made to the Proprietors of fuch Malt 5 the Charge of fuch f ther Examination being always at the Expence of the Party defirii the fame : Provided always, that Notice m Writing, fpecifying t Quantity for which fuch Allowance {hall be claimed, (hall be gin by fuch Party to the Officers of Excife at the time of fuch Ma being gauged, and that no fuch Malt be removed or altered unt the Determination of the faid Commiffioners therein be made an given; provided that no fuch Allowance (hall be made when th Quantity of Malt contained in any fuch Granaries fhall be lefs than Two thoufand five hundred Bufiiels in the whole.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the Duty impofed by th faid Ad (hall not be paid or payable for or in refped of any Con or Grain adually in Operation for the making thereof into Malti by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale at the time when the Officer or Officers of Excife (hall take an Account of the dry un. ground Malt in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeflion of fuch MaJtfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, under or by virtue of this Ad5 provided every Part of fuch Corn or Grain which fhall be adually dried, finimed and made into Malt by fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, after fuch Officer or Officers (hall have taken fuch Account as aforefaid, (hall be kept feparate and apart from all other Corn, Grain or Malt for the Space of Six Days after the Officer (hall have firft gauged and taken his Account of fuch Malt, and that it be produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officen of ]£xcife, in order that he or they may take an Account and afeer-tain the true Quantity of fuch Corn or Grain whenever fuch Officer or Officers (hall think fit fo to do before the Expiration of fach Six Davs, and that no Allowance be claimed or made by virtue of this Act in refped thereof.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the Officer and Officers of Excife, or fome or one of them who (hall have finally taken fach Account as aforefaid, (hall, with all convenient Speed after fuch Account (hall be finally taken and the Quantity of fuch Malt afeer-tained as aforefaid, give to every Maltfter and Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, entitled to the Allowance for or in refped of fuch Malt, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate expreffing the true Quantity of fuch Malt after fuch Dedudion as aforefaid, and the Amount of the Allowance for fuch Malt, and fpecifying the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, and whether he, (he or they is or are Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Common Brewers, DiftiUers, Viduallers or Vinegar Makers refpedively.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, who within Twentv Days next preceding the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall have occafion to (hip or put on board any Ship, Barge or other Veffel,

any

ID. 1&16.

56° geo. nr

C. 43.

105

Any Mrit which loth been charged with the additional Duty im- cer, who flull 'poMif the hud Ad for the Pnrpofe of tranfportbg or conveying Ctrtificsu the Smt bj Water from one Part of this Kingdom to another, fhaS £®!2iuis2 got Arty eight Hours* Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Coo-* SadStm ins, her or their Intention to (hip or put any fuch Malt on fignment*

Imf ay fisch Ship, Barge or other Veflel for the Purpofe aforefidd, b fiat fuch Officer may attend and take an Account of fuch Malt, tyrffing in Inch Notice the Quantity of fuch Malt fo intended to Ae Shipped or put on board, and the Ship, Barge or other Veflel m ldnch the fame is intended to be (hipped or put on board$ and alfo the Name of the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Otarge or Command of fuch Ship, Barge or other Veffel, and like* wife the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons to whom and of the Place or Port to which fuch Malt is configned, or where the fame m intended to be landed; then fuch Officer or Officers of Exd£e flail, and is and are hereby required, on being fatisfied that the Mak fpedfied in fuch Notice is really and truly (hipped and put on board fuch Ship, Barge or other Veflel, to give, without Fee or Reward, a Tranfire or Certificate, (pecifviag the Quantity Certificiu given of Malt fo (hipped or put on board, the time wnen and the Place withoul at which the fame was fo (hipped or put on board, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons from whom and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame is configned, and the Place at which the fame is intended to be landed, and the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship,

Barge or otte Veflel, i* hereby directed and required, within Twelve Hours (or faouer if demanded) after the Arrival of fuch Ship,

Barge or other Veflel at the Port or other Place to which fuch Malt is coafigaed, or where the fame is intended to be landed, to deliver fuch Tranfire or Certificate to the proper Officer of Excife there.

IX.	And be k further ena&ed, That if any Ship, Barge-or other Regulations in Veflel having on board any fuch Malt for or in refped whereof Veflil does any f«h Tranfire or Certificate (hall have been granted, (hall not ^^ConGen-arrive at the Port or Place to which fuch Malt mall be configned, mcnt dll after or where the (ame is in fuch Tranfire or Certificate expreffed to be Officer has intended to be landed, till after the proper Officer or Officers of “ Ac-Excife Sail have taken an Account of the dry unground Malt in ^u"t Slodt the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeffion of the Perfon or Perfons refpea. ofConfiS^ ivelr to whom fuch Malt is configned, that then and in fuch cafe it Hull and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Exriie, upon due Notice from the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship, Barge or other Veffel, and upon the Delivery of fuch Tranfire or Certificate as aforefaid, to attend, gauge or meafure, and afcertain the exa& Quantity of all fitch Ault, and thereupon fuch Officer or Officers of Excife (hail with all convenient Speed, and without Fee or Reward, grant Certificate with-ad give to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Malt (hall be con- out Fee. hgwd a Certificate or Certificates, expreffing the true Quantity of fed Mak, the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons otakd to the Allowance for or in refpeft of fuch Malt, and vhrtkrfc, (he or they is or are Maltfters or Makers of Malt br Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Common Brewers, DiftiHers,

' Pidtolkn or Vinegar Makers, and the Amount of the Allowance

for

i

C.4S.

56° GEO. Ill

A.D.1816.

Provifo as to Male brought from Scotland.

Oath by Maftrr that Malt the fame as men-tiooed in Certificate.

Prcrifo

Malt kept feparate.

Malt landed at any other Place than at Port of Confignment forfeited. Perfons concerned therein.

Penalty.

for or in refpe& of fuch Malt: Provided always neverthelefs, that in cafe any fuch Malt (hall have been brought by Water from any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland» into any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England, and (hall not have arrived at fuch lad mentioned Port or Place till after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the additional Duty impofed by the faid A£fc upon the bringing fuch Malt into fuch laft mentioned Port or Place (hall not be charged or payable, nor (hall any greater Allowance be made or granted in refpe& thereof than is hereby dhre&ed to be made and granted for Malt made from Beer or Bigg onlv in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Provided alfo, that no fuch Certificate as laft mentioned (hall be delivered, unlefs the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship, Barge or other Veflel, mall make Oath before feme of the Commimooers of Excife, or the Perfon appointed by the Commiffioneri of Excife, or the major Part of them for that Purpofe, or before the proper Collector or Supervifer or Officer of Excife (which Oath the uid Commiffioners'and the Perfon appointed by them, and the Colle&ors, Supervisors and Officers of Excife are refpe&ively hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter), that fuch Malt is the feme Malt as is mentioned in the Tranfire or Certificate then produced, and that fuch Malt or any Part thereof has not been taken account of under this A&, and that no Allowance lias been obtained or demanded for any Part of the feme by virtue of this A61: Provided alfo, that all fuch Malt which (hall be fe (hipped, put on board and tranfported as aforefeid, and which (hall not arrive* at the Place to which the feme is configned, or where the fame is to be landed, till after the Officer or Officers of Excife (hall have taken the Account and afeertained the Quantity of dry unground Malt in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of the Confignee thereof, to whom fuch Malt (hall be fent or delivered, and before the Expiration of Six Days after the feme (hall have been firft taken as aforefeid, (hall be kept feparate and apart from all other Malt till the Expiration of fuch Six Days as aforefeid.

X. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Malt which (hall he (hipped or put on board any Ship, Barge or other Veflel, according to the Dire&ions of this A&, and for which fuch Tranfire or Certificate as aforefeid (hall have been granted, (hall be unihipped and put on board any other Ship, Barge, Boat or other Veflel* or landed at anr other Port or Place than that to which the feme (hall be coniigned, or where the feme is io fuch Tranfire or Certificate exprefled to be intended to be landed, (except in cafe of Diftrefe or other unavoidably Accident or Neceflity, of which the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship, Barge or other Veflel, (hau give immediate Notice to the ncareft Officer of Excife,) that then not only all the Malt which (hall be fe unihipped or landed (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be Seized by wiy Officer or Officers of Exdfe, but the Mafter or other Perfon haring or taking the Charge or Command of any fuch Ship, Barge or other Veflel, and alfo the Perfon or Perfons concerned in the unihipping or landing of fuch Malt as aforefeid, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C 43.	107

XI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Matter or other Csrtificite ds-Perfog hiving or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship, Barge Vtnnd up

or otter Veffel in or on board of which any Malt for which fuch ™lhin • c,^am

Tranfire or Certificate as aforefaid (hall hare been granted, (hall have nfshin *’

hen (hipped, (hall negled or refufc to deliver fuch Tranfire or

Certificate to the proper Officer of Excife within Twelve Hours

for (boner if demanded) after the Arrival of fuch Ship, Barge or

otter VeiTel, at the Port or Place to which fuch Malt (hall be con-

figned, or where the fame is in fuch Tranfire or Certificate expreffed

to be intended to be landed, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch

Matter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of

any fuch Ship, Barge or other VeiTel, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum penalty.

of Fifty Pounds, and no Allowance (hall under this Ad be made

for fuch Malt.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Counterfeiting (hall counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate. Certificate by this Ad required or direded, or (hall knowingly or willingly give any falfe or untrue Certificate, or (hall fraudulently

alter or crafe, or caufe to be fraudulently altered or ended, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excife, or (hall make ufe of any Certificate knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, falfe, untrue, altered or ended, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of Five Penilty. hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That any fuch Certificate given On Production by any Officer or Officers of Excife, for any Allowance to be made of Certificates or granted by virtue of this Ad as aforefaid, being produced by fuch for Aiiowinco Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt,

Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, or his, her Oath to certain or their Agent or Agents, to the Commiffioners of Excife, or to the Particular*, Perfon appointed by them or the major Part of them to receive the Payment made, fame, for fuch Malt as (hall be finally taken an Account of, under or

by virtue of this Ad, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, or to the Colledor of Excife of the Colledion in which any fuck Certificate (hall be granted for fuch Malt as (hall be finally taken an Account of, under and by virtue of this Ad, out of the laid Limits, at any time after the Expiration of Four Months, and before the Expiration of Six Months from the time of the granting thereof, and Oath having been made by fuch Maltfter and Maker of Mak for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer,

Xbfbller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, before any of the faid Cora-roiffiooecs of Excife, or the Perfon appointed by the faid Com-miffiooers of Excife or the major Part of them for that Purpofe, or before the Colledor of Excife of the Colledion in which fuch Malt fhail have been taken an Account of, and the Quantity thereof ascertained according to the Diredions of this Ad, (which Oath the laid Oath Commiffioners and the Perfon appointed by them, and the feveral Colledors of Excife, are refpedively hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter,) that he, (he or they believes or believe that the proper Duties have been paid or charged for in refped of the whole Quantity of the Malt fpecified in fuch Certificate, and that the faid Mah or any Part thereof hath not been taken an Account of for the Purpofe of obtaining the Allowance granted by this Ad, in any Place or Phces lave and except in the Stock* Cuftody or Poffeffion

of

a 43.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Payment of Money mentioned in Certificate.

Money paid ou of Confolidated Duties to be replaced.

Duty on Malt coniumed in making of Strong Beer between the 8th April and 5U1 July allowed.

Beer Allowances.

of the Perfon or Perfons nuking the faid Oath, and claiming the Allowance for or in refped of fuch Malt, and that the faid Malt was the foie Property of the faid Perfon or Perfons, or was held by him, her or them, as the Property of, for the Ufe of fome other Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, and that all the Malt which was adually in Operation at the time when the Officer or Officers of Excife took an Account of the dry ungrouod Malt in the Stock, Cuftody or PofTeffion of fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, and which in order to exempt the fame from the faid Duty impofed by the faid Ad is by this Ad required to be kept feparate and apart from all other Corn, Grain or Malt, hath been fo kept, the faid Commiffioners of Excife or the major Part of them, or fuch Colledor as aforefaid, being fadsfied of the Truth of fuch Oath, (hall forthwith, out of the Money in their Hands refpedively on Account of the faid additional Duties, if they refpedively (hall have fufficient Money on fuch Account, pay to the Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Common Brewer, Diftiller, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, entitled to the fame, the Sum of Money fpecified in fuch Certificate, and if the faid Commiffioners or Colledors refpedively (hall not' have fufficient Money on fuch Account in their refpedive Hands for the Purpofe aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners or Colledors refpedively (hall pay the faid Allowance out of any Money in their refpedive Hands arifing from the Confolidated Duties of Excife. t XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money (hall be paid as aforefaid, out of the Confolidated Duties of Excife, (hall be replaced to fuch Confolidated Duties out of the firft Monies that (hall arife and be received from and on account of any of the additional Duties of Excife, granted and impofed by the faid Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and continued by feveral other Ads, and laftly by an Ad made in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That there (hall be allowed to every Common Brewer or Vidualler the additional Duties of Excife upon Malt by the faid Ad firft herein recited impofed, by him, her or them adually ufed and confumed after the Eighth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in the making or brewing of Strong Beer, not exceeding the following Proportions $ that is to fay,

For every Four Barrels of fuch Strong Beer called Porter, which (hall be made or brewed by fuch Common Brewer or Vidualler, and which (hall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excife, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called England* the Sum of Sixteen Shillings :

And for every Three Barrels of fuch Strong Beer called Ale, which (hall be made or brewed by fuch Common Brewer or Vidualler, and which (hall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excife, and be charged with Duty as Strong

Beer,

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.4S.

109

'Beer, between the Eighth Day of titril and the Fifth Day of July One tbou/and eight hundred and fixteen, in that Part of Great Britan called England, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings s

And to every Common Brewer or Victualler for every Four Barrels of fuch Strong Beer called Porter, which (hall be made or brewed by fuch Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Bariev, or any other Corn or Grain except Beer or Bigg, and which (ball be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excife, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April und the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings :

And for every Four Barrels of fuch Strong Beer called Porter, which (hall be made or brewed by fuch Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley or any other Corn or Grain therewith, and which (hall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excife, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of Apnt and the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight nundred and fixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Eight pence:

And for every Three Barrels of fuch Strong Beer called Ale, which (hall be made or brewed by fuch Common Brewer or Victualler from Malt made from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain except from Beer or Bigg, and which (hall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excife, and be charged with Duty at Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April ana the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings:

And for every Three Barrels of fuch Strong Beer called Ale, which /hall be made or brewed by fuch Common Brewer or Vi&ualler from Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley or any other Corn or Grain therewith, and which Ihall be by him, her or them produced to the proper Officer of Excife, and be charged with Duty as Strong Beer, between the Eighth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Eight pence.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, That no fuch Allowances (hall be claimed, made or allowed in refpeCt of any 'fuch Beer which (hall be, before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hipped for Exportation or exported upon Drawback, or in refpeCt of more Beer than the Quantity of Strong Beer of found Quality and fit for Confumption, which (hall, on the laid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, be found by the proper Officer in the Stock, Cuftody or Po/Icffion of the Common Brewer or Victualler claiming luch Allowance.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral refpeCfcive Allowances upon Malt actually ufed and confumed by any Common Brewer or Victualler after the Eighth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred 'and fixteen, and before the fifth Day of July One ihoutuid eight hundred and fixteen, in the making or brewing of Beer not exceeding the Proportions aforefaid by this ACt given to Common

Brewers

No Allowances for Beer exported before }th July, or for more than Quantity found in Stock on that Day.

Allowances fet off out of Money payable for Duty.

C.4 S.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1810;

Oath.

Money fo allowed replaced.

43 O.3. c.8i. §1*.

43 G. 3. c.38.

Brewers and ViAuallers, (hall from time to time be fet off and allowed out of the Monies payable by fuch Common Brewers or ViAuallers refpeAively, for the Duties charged on the Beer by him, her or them refpeAively made or brewed; Proof being firft made by fuch Common Brewer or ViAualler refpeAively, by Oath (which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or any of them, or the laid federal Collectors of Excife, are hereby required and empowered to adminifter,} of the full and entire Quantity of Malt which he, (he or they has or have refpeAively aAually ufed and confumed in the making or brewing of fucn Beer, between the faid Eighth Day of AprU One thoufand eight huudred and fixteen, and the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and that no fuch Beer has been (hipped for Exportation or exported on Drawback; and fuch Allowances (hall be made at the time when fuch Duties are by him, her or them refpeAively paid; which faid Allowances fo to be made and fet off as aforefaid, the refpe Aive Commiffioners of Excife are hereby authorized to make and allow accordingly*

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaAed, That whatever Sum or Sums of Money fhould be fo allowed or fet off as aforefaid, to any fuch Common Brewer or ViAualler, (hall be replaced to the Duties on Beer out of the Firft Monies that (hall anfe and be received from and upon Account of the additional Duties on Malt by the AA herein firft recited impofed, in Preference to all other Payments whatever.

4 XIX. And Whereas bj an AA made in the*Forty third Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin ASfor granting 4 to Hit Majefty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace9 certain additional Duties of Excife in 4 Great Britain, it was enaAed, that during the Continuance of the

*	faid AA, all Beer and Ale above the Price of Eighteen Shillings 4 the Barrel (exclufive of the Duties) ihould be denominated,

*	deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of 4 the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel or under (exclufive

*	of Duties) (houla be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table 4 Beer, witnin the Meaning of an AA of Parliament made in the 4 Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty,

4 intituled jin jt8 for granting to His Majefty additional Duties 4 on Beer and Hie brewed in or imported into Great Britain, on Malt 4 made in Great Britain, on Hops grown in or imported into Great 4 Britain ; and on Spirits diftilled in Ireland and imported into Great 4 Britain ; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and 4 Ale ; and for preventing Frauds and Ahufes in the Revenue of 4 Excife, on Beery Ale and Malty and the faid AA of the Forty 4 third Year aforefaid, and of all other AAs of Parliament in force 4 relating to Beer or Ale: And Whereas feveral of the additional 4 Duties granted by the faid AA made in the Forty third Year of 4 the Reign aforefaid, which would have expired at a certain limited 4 time alter the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, 4 had not the fame been continued, were by an AA made in the 4 Fifty fourth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign continued until and 4 upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and 4 fifteen, and were and are by another AA made in the Fifty fifth 4 Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, further continued, until and 4 upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and

4 fixteen.

J). 1SV&.

56° GEO. III.

C.*9.

II!

ftxteen, md by another A <51 made in the prefent SefEon of Par-\ameat are continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thmdfarf agbt hundred and twenty one, fare and except the 1 Danes on Malt made in England and Scotland, or brought from

*	Stuiad into England, granted by the faid recited Ad of the

*	Fair third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majeftv: And

*	Whata* by the Continuance as aforefaid of the faid feveral Duties, hre and except the faid Duties on Malt as laft aforefaid, the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, fo far as relates to fuch condoned Duties, has been and is thereby alfo condoned until and upon the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one; but Doubts may arife whether the PTovifm hereinbefore recited be by reafon thereof alfo continued,

‘ notwtthfianding the faid Dudes on Malt will ceafe and expire on 1 the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen:’

Nov, for the Prevention and Removal of fuch Doubts, be it declared asd enadrd, That the faid recited Provifion in the faid Aft of Provifooin the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty does and *3 G«3-{bdl wholly cede and expire with the faid Duties on Mak on the £dd Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, Beer and Table and fab be no longer of any Force or Effeft; any thing in any Beer, made to other Aft or Afts in the prefent or any former Senkm of Parlia- ceafe. ment to die contnrj thereof not with ftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures, impofed or created by this Aft, (hall be fued for, ky**1	#P*

recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as plled' any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Action of Debt,

Bid, nasft or Information, in any of His Majefty^ Courts of Record at Wtflmimjter, or fa the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpefttvdy; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (ball be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

XXL And be it further enafted. That all and every of the Former Ads Powers, Direftfaos, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters rel«ing to the and drisgs which, in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of Excrf® "jforce* the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for taking	*°

away toe Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Coptic, and by Knights* Service and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon Hit MejeSy in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law now in force relating to lbs Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftablifhed,

(had be pra&fed, ufed and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes sf this A ft, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Direftions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things were particularly irpeated tod reenafted fa this prefent Aft.

XXII. And be it further enafted, That any Perfon or Perfons Taking falfe (hall be convifted of wilfully taking a falfe Oath in any of the Oath, cafa ia which an Oath is required to be taken by this Aft, fhall be Wats the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons are liable for wilful Perjury, aritttw Penury.

XHu. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, Ad may be amendtdw repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made fa this prefent altered, &c. SdHon of Parliament.

CAP.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Duties to ceafe.

New Duties.

Drawback.

CAP. XLIV.

An A& to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excife, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland ; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.	[31ft	May	1816.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Duties, Allowances and ‘ W Drawbacks of Excife, now payable'in refped of Hard ‘ Soap made in Great Britain, and of Irifh Hard Soap imported

*	from Ireland into Great Britain, (hould lie repealed, and that other

*	Duties (hould be impofed, and other Allowances and Drawbacks

*	granted in lieu thereof;9 Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all and fingular the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excife, now payable by Law in refped of Hard Soap made in Great Britain, and of Irifh Hard Soap imported from Ireland into Great Britain, (hall ceale and determine, aad be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftively, which may at that tune remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refped-ively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the paiung of this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, in lieu and inftead of the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks by this Ad repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the feveral Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fayL For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap, which (hall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof, Three pence; for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifh Hard Cake or Ball Soap, which (hall be imported irom Ireland into Great Britain9 to be paid by the Importer thereof. Threepence: And that the following Allowances (hall be made; (that is to fay), for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap made in Great Britain, which (hall be ufed, employed, fpent and confumed in Gnat Britain, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Kerfeys, Bays, Stockings or other Manufadures of Sheep or Lambs9 Wool only, or Manufadures whereof the jpreateft Part of the Value of the Materials (hall be Wool, or in the finiftiing of the faid Manufadures, or preparing the Wool for the fame, Two pence Farthing; and for every Found Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap or Ball Soap made in Gnat Britain,, which maU be ufed, employed, fpent and confumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece for Sale, Two pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Soap, made in Gnat Britain, which (hall be ufed, employed, fpent and confumed in Great Britain, in preparing and fimfhing any Manufadures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (except fuch as (hall be ufed in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof) One Penny halfpenny: And that a Drawback of the whole of the refpedive Duties ihali be paid

for

A>D.me.

66° GEO. III.

■ C. 14.

113

i

i

»

*

%

x"

<■

for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Soap made in Great Britan, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Pauls.

/ * III. And Whereas Contrads or Agreements may have been

*	made before the pafling of this Ad, by Dealers in Hard Cake or < Ball Soap, upon which Duties are by this Ad impofed for fuch

*	Hard Cake or Ball Soap refpedively, to be delivered after the 4 pafling of this Ad Be it therefore enafted, That fuch Dealers delivering fuch Hard Cake or Ball Soap, made after the pafling of this Ad, in purfuance of fuch Contracts or Agreements, (had be allowed to add fo much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Ad impofed, for or in refped of luch Hard Cake or Ball Soap refpedively, to the Price thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of this Ad to be paid for the fame accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the Duties by this Ad impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks (hall be refpedively raifed, levied, colleded, recovered, allowed and paid, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excife refpedively hereby repealed were or might be raifed, levied, colleded, recovered, allowed and paid; and the laid Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this Ad refpedively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the faid Duties impofed, or entitled to the fiud Allowance or Drawbacks refpedively granted by this Ad, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubied and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reitridions and Forfeitures to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or fpecially fubjed and liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on ana immediately before the pafling of this Ad, refpeding the Duties of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiflioners of Excife refpedively, were or might be fubjed and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament iv force on and immediately before the pafling of this Ad, and for fecuring the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the laid Commiflioners of Excife refpedively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufea, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put » Execution, for and in refped of the faid feveral Duties of Exdfe, Allowances and Drawbacks refpedively hereby charged, impofed and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes wbatfoever, as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of tUiAa.

56 Gxo. III.	I	VI.	And

Dealers may add Duty tp Con* trails.

Duties under Manaeement of Commiflioners of Excife.

Duties how levied.

Former Ads force applied Ad

.5 S

114

I

t

Duties carried to Confolidated Fund.

A£fc may be altered, Sec.

Secretary at War to iflue Money required for Pay of Local Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Provifo.

Rates of Pay when abfent on Furlough.

C. 44, 45.	56• GEO. III.	A.D.	1816.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all the Monies anting by the Duties by this Aft impofed (the neceflary Charges of rating and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Maiefty’s Exchequer at IVtflminflcr, and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft or any of the Proritions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Aft te be made in this SeiGon of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of

the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day

of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

[31ft May 1816.]

*	T17HEREAS it is neceflary that Provifion fhould be made for

*	VV defraying the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent

*	Ex pences of the Local Muitia in Great Britain, from the Twenty ‘ fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, to the

*	Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feven-

*	teenBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Local Militia is or (hall be raifed, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered and required to caufe to be ifliied and paid the whole Sum required for the Local Militia, in the manner and for the feyeral Ufes hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay). For the Pay of the faid Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed, and required to be refident at Head Quarters * and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quartcrmaftcr, required to be refident at Head Quarters, where the Eftabliflunent of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he is appointed (hull not be lefs than Three hundred and fixty Private Men ; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to fuch Quartern! after, where the Eftabliflunent (hall be under that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Seijeant required to be refident at the Head Quarters of theRegiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Seijeant Major, where a Seijeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for every Corporal retained by Order of His Majefty, and fo required to be refident as aforefaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer fo required to be refident as aforefaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed : Provided always, that when any fuch Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer, (hall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Seijeant, Cozporal or Drummer, (hall during fuch Abfence receive Pay at the following Rates, inftead of thole above mentioned; (that is to fay), Every Seijeant the Sum of One Shilling per Day every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per

A.D.1B1S.

56* GEO. III.

e. 45,

115

Day id^diirlr, and no more; And alfo for the Cloathing of the Local 10ta for fuch County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at tie Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for od Seijeaot Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence fa each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Man, together with the a&ual Lxpence of Package and Carnage, and fuch Charges for altering and fitting the Cloathing as (hall hare been notified by the Secretary at War; and that fuch Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on cooftant Pay, and refident at the Head Quarters, foil be doathed once in Two Years; and that fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the regular Eiabfthnmt of the permanent Staff thereof, as may be ferving on Reduced Pay, under the Provifions of an A& paffedin the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to amend feveral ASs rrioriftf r« the Local Militia of Great Britain, (hall be entitled to new uoathing when their prefent Cloathing (hall have been a&ually and oecetiarily worn for two Years: And 2fo at the Rate of Three pence per Man per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Ex pence® of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, tor the Period during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall have a Staff retained on permanent Pay at its Head Quarters.

II.	And be it further cna&ed, That all Non Commifiioned Officers and Drummers of Local Militia ferving upon permanent Pay, (hall be fubje& to the Provifions of Two A&s made in the Fifty fecood Year of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England and Scotland refpe&ively, in as & as relates to the Allowance for Neceffaries, although they may have been enrolled previous to the paffing of the faid A&s.

III.	And be it farther ena&ed, That there (hall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in Addition to his Pay, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence per Week for every Hundred Rank and File affembled for Training, for the Expence of the neceffary Medicines for the Non Com-miffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men fo affembled, and an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non Com-mH&oned Officers and Drummers of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on ConfUnt Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of aeceflary Medicines and Attendance given to the faid Non Com-miffiooed Officers and Drummers, while fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not aflcmbled for Training.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Quartermafter of each I Raiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, having a Staff retard on permanent Pay at its Head Quarters, or in his Abfence tbs Adjutant, (hall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Ac-coutnatau, Cloathing or Neceffaries and other Stores, under the Superife&fance of the Colonel or Commandant, and (hall, out of the Monty hereby dire&ed to be iffued and paid for defraying the contingent lapences of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from tune to time iffne out and pay fuch Sums of Money as may be necef-

I 2	fary

Cloathing.

Contingent

Expence*.

Non Com mi f-Honed Officers and Drummers fubjeft to Provifions of 5» G.3. c. n6, k 68.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Quartermafter, &c. to have Charge of Arms and Cloathing, and to iffue Money neceffary for Repair* on an Order figned by CokrneL

C.45.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.181

Balance to form « Stock Purlc.

Local Militia entitled to Pay during Annual Exercife, &c.

Money for Pay, Ac. i (Tiled under Diredion of Secretary it War.

Provifo for Right to CheU fea Penfiona.

Adjutants after a Service of 30 Years and unfit for further Service, to receive an Allowance of 61. per Day.

Provifo as to Ferfons holding Offices.

fery for the Repair of Arms, or other ufual incidental Expenc upon an Order in Writing figned by the Colonel or other Cc mandant, and after Payment of fuch Sums as (hall be drawn up him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforefaid, he (b three times in the Year make up Acounts of all fuch Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hand which laid Balance (hall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the f giment, Battalion or Corps, and (hall tranfmit the faid Account the Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and figned, and the faid A counts, fo allowed and figned, (hall be and are hereby dire&ed to the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of fuch Quartermafter for t Application and Difpofal of fuch Money.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Officers and Non Cor miffioued Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Local Milit when affembled for Training (hall be entitled to the fame Pay an Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied Provided always, that the faid Pay and Allowances (hall onlyexten to fuch Perioa or Periods for which the faid Local Militia (hall b called out for the Purpofe of Annual Exercife or Training, or ft fuppreffing Riots or Tumults, with the Addition of the Days < arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Plat appointed for Exercife 5 any thing in any Ad or Ads of Pi liament to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Sums of Money grant* for the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences for the Loci Militia as aforefaid, fhafi be iffued and paid under the Diredion < the Secretary at War, who » hereby empowered to iffue fuch Regu ations as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time: that behalf.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Ai jutant, Quartermafter, Non Commiffioned Officer, Drummer 1 Private Man in the Local Militia entitled to receive any Cbtljea Pei fion or Allowance, (hall forfeit or lofe his Right to the fame t reafon of his ferving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

‘ VIII. And Whereas Perfons appointed to ad as Adjutants i 1 the Local Militia may by Age or infirmity be rendered incapab

•	of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome Provifia

*	fhould be made for them in Confideration of their former Service Be it enaded, That if any Adjutant who (hall have ferved faithful! either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the Regular or Loc Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole,'Fifteen 1 which he (hall have ferved as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militi shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, I (hall on producing to the Quartermafter of the Regiment, Battalia or Corps to which he (hall belong, a Certificate of fuch Service Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officers of 13 different Corps to which he (hall have belonged, together with 1 Order from the Secretary at War, be entitled to receive, and tl Quartermafter aforefaid (hall be and he is hereby authorized ai required to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate and Ord as aforefaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Da] Provided always, that no Perfon (hall be entitled to receive fui Allowance at aforefaid, who (hall have ferved for a left Term thi

Fiftfl

A..T3.18J6.

56° GEO. III.

C» 45.

117

Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who

(hall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military*

under His Majefty: Provided alfo, that no fuch Adjutant (hall lofe For H.lf pay.

any Right he may have to Half Pay by reafon of receiving fuch

Allowance as afbrefaid, but (hall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay

as well as fuchAUowarice.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Regiment, Bat- Reduced Adju-talion or Corps, (hall have already ceafed and determined, or been unt# ,0£*e,ir# reduced in its Eftablifhment, or (hall ceafe and determine, or be 4§ reduced in its Eftablifhment during the Continuance of this A&, the

Sum of Four Shillings per Diem mall be paid to fuch Perfon as has actually ferved as Adjutant to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or from the time fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps,

(hall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, as the cafe may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fevcnteen : Provided always, that no fuch Perfon Provifoaito (hall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as laft afbrefaid, who (hall	hoWln*

hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under ° ct9%

His Majefty ; bnt no fuch Perfon (hall lofe any Right he may have to Halt Pay by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance, but (hall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

X.	And be it further ena&ed; That whenfoever the permanent Adjutants when

Staff of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hall be entirely reduced,	£*"”1

and the Adjutant releafed from Refidence and Duty at Head Quarters, Quarter* tobe it (hall be lawful for His Majefty to place fuch Adjutant upon the placed on th* reduced Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem, although the Re- reduced AUow-giment. Battalion or Corps to which fuch Adjutant belongs, (hall Jnce of4s- F*r not have ceafed and determined: Provided always, that whenever P***

fuch Adjutant (hall be required to return to Head Quarters to perform Military Duty, he (hall again be entitled to the Daily Pay of Eight Shillings as aforefaid; and provided alfo that no fuch Adjutant fhau be entitled to receive fuch reduced Allowance who (hall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty ; hut no fuch Adjutant (hall lofe any Right which he may Prorifo for have to Half Pay by reafon of receiving fuch reduced Allowance, Half Pay. but (hall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in every County, Riding or Receiver Gene-Place in England where the Local Militia is or (hall be raifed, the ralcf Land Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for fuch County, Jaa.Ac. to pay . Riding or Place refpedtively, and in every County, Stewartry, City ciwks^?G«ie-or Place in Scotland where the Local Militia is or (hall he raifed, the ni a(K| Subdivi-Receiver General for Scotland (hall iffue and pay the whole Sums fion Meetings, required for the refpe&ive Allowances to the Clerks of the General

Meetings and Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in 1England,

' at the Kates following; (that is to fay), to the Clerk of the General Rates of Al-Meedngs at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meet- lowance. mg, and to the feveral Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and fuch further Allowance (hall be made to fuen refpe&ive General and Subdivifion Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Perfons returned liable to ferve in the Local Militia, by tailing out the Names of all Perfons who may appeal, and whofe Appeals or

I 3	Claims

116

C .46.

66° GEO. III.

a.e>. i8i

How Payment of fuch Allow-ances to Clerks made.

42 O. 3.0.91.

Stamp Duty on

Conrniifljoos

repaid.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on uuftamped Paper.

Ho Fee taken.

Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferting the Namei any Perfon that (hall have been omitted to be inferted, and in nt bering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, ai the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One tboufa Names of Perfons returned liable to ferve, and alfo for tbe a£t Ex pences incurred by fuch refpe&ive Clerks, and for Printing 2 Stationary ufed for the Purpofe of this Ad, as to the Lord Li< tenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the refpedive Counties, Ridin; Cities or Places (hall appear reafonable and proper; and in cafe t Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants f the Payment of fuch further Allowances as aforefaid (hall be co firmed at a General Meeting confiding of not lefs than Five X>epui Lieutenants, but not otherwife.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the Receiver General i England (hall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings, his Allow ance at the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings tor each Meet ing, or fuch further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore direded, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpof< from His Majefty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenant aflembled at fome General Meeting or Meetings, and (hall alfo pa; to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings then feveral Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling foi each Meeting, or fuch further Allowance as may be made as herein before direded, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants aflembled in the feveral Subdivifion Meetings ; which faid Order or Orders, fpe-cifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpofe or Purpofes the (aid General and Subdivifion Meeting or Meetings, have been aflembled and held, together with the Clerk’s Receipt or Receipts for the Sums fo churned, (hall be to the Receivers General in England refpedively a fufficient Dif-charge for the Payment of fuch Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the feveral Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivifion Meetings for their Trouble and Expencei in the Execution of this Ad m Scotland (hall be paid and defrayed in the fame Manner in which Schoolmafters, Conftables and other Perfons employed in the Execution of an Ad paffed in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled AnJidto raifc and efiablifb a Militia Force in Scotland, are dire&ed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it Hull be lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and be is hereby reauired, to repay any Sum of Money which may have been paid for tne Stamp Duty on any Commiffion of any Officer in the Local Militia, under fuch Regulations and in fuch Manner as the Secretary at War (hall appoint.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia under this Ad, may or (hall be drawn upon undamped Paper, and no fuch Bill, Draft or Order (ball be void by reafon of being fo drawn or written on undamped Paper.

XV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever (hall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant, or Sum of Money, which (hall be ifliied in relation to or in pur-fnance of this Ad.

A

CAP.

AJD.im

S6* GEO. HI.

C. 46.

119

CAP. XLVI.

An A€t for the better Regulation of the Civil Lift.

[aoth June 1816.J

- TT7HEREAS an A & pafled in the Twenty fecond Year of the < W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for enabling

*	Hu Majfty to difchargc the Debt contended upon tits Civil Lift

*	Revenue*, andfor preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the

*	future* by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the faid Revenues;

‘ and by fnpfrcjftng or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which

*	art now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lift : And Whereas 1 an Aft palled in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His pre-

*	lent Majefty, intituled An Ad for eftablilhing certain Regulations

*	in the Receipt of the Exchequer: And Whereas an A& pa fled in

*	the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in* ‘ drilled An AS to authorize the Lord Steward of the Houfehold* the 9 Lori Chamberlain, the Mafter of the Horfe, the Mafter of the Robes,

*	and the Lords of the Treafury, rcfpedively, to pay Bounties granted 1 ij His Majefty to Perfons in low and indigent Circumjlances : And « Whereas an Aft pafled in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of

*	His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the better Support of HU 9 Mavftyfts Houfehold* and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown € of the [fasted Kingdom* andfor preventing Accumulationof Arrears 9 in the Payments out of the Civil Lift Revenues : And Whereas an 9 Aft pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An Ad for granting to His Majefty a certain 9 Saw for defraying the Expences incident to the AJfumption of the

*	Perjoual Exercxje of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highneft

*	The Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of Hu Majefty : 9 And Whereas another A A pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of

*	the Ragn of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad e Re-9 gelation of His Majefty9s Houfehold* andfor enabling Her Majefty ‘ The Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majefty 9 may be expofed during His Majefty9s IndiJPqfition; and for the 9 Cast of His Majefty9 s Real and rerfonal Property; and to amend 9 an Ad tf the left Sejfton of Parliament, to provide for the Adminif 1 tration ef the Royal Authority during Hu Majefty9s Illnefs: And 1 Whereas the ordinary Revenues of the Civil Lift have for many

*	Years paft been found inadequate to defray the Charges thereon,

<	and the Deficiency has been made good by the Application of the ‘ Funds arifing from the Droits of tne Crown, or other Extraordi-

*	nary Refources, or by fpecial Grants of Parliament: And Whereas 9 it is highly expedient that the ordinary Revenues of His Majefty’s

<	Civil Lift fhould be made adequate to the ordinary Charges thereon, 9 and that feveral of the Charges which have heretofore been borne 1 upon the Civil Lift Revenues fhould in future be made a Charge 1 upon and be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Great

*	Britain* or otherwife provided for; and it is alfo expedient that 1 ttoft and fcoarate Appropriations fhould be made of .certain Pro-

*	potions of the Civil Lift Revenues, for the Payment of certain 1 Charges comprifed in the feveral ClafTes of the Civil Lift, and that 9 father and more effe&ual Provifion fhould be made for the Regul-

*	ah00 ad Coatroul of the Expenditure thereof j’ Be it therefore

14'	ena&ed

sa 0.3. c. 8ft.

33 G.3.C.83. 35 G. 3. c. 61.

44 C. 3. c. 8a J3 0.3. c. 7.

52 G. 3. c. 8.

C. 46.

S68 GEO. IIL

A.D.181

Certain Sums heretofore paid to a Part of the Royal Family out of the Civil. Lift to he hereafter payable out of Confoli-dated Fund.

Allowances to the Royal Family to be paid at the Exchequer without' Fee or Reward.

Clear of Taxes.

enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with li Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, a Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affexnbled, and by the Autl rity of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of April 0 thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Payment of the fevei Allowances and Sums of Twelve thoufand Pounds to His Roy Highnefs Frederick Duke of York, of Two thoufand five hundr Pounds to His Royal Highnefs William Henry Duke of Clarern and of Four thoufand Pounds to each of Their Royal Highneff the Princefs Augujla Sophia, the Princefs Elizabeth, the Prince Mary, and the rnneefs Sophia, heretofore granted by His Majeft and charged upon the Civil Lift Revenues, (nail ceaie and determine and fuch Allowances and Sums of Money (hall be no longer payabl or paid out of the faid Revenues ; hut from and after the faid Fiftl Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the faid Seven. Allowances and Sums of Money refpedively (hall be charged and chargeable upon and iffuing and payable out of the Confolidited Fund of Great Britain, during the Joint Lives of His Majefty and Their faid Royal Highneffes refpedively, as to each of their (aid it-fpedive Allowances and Sums aforefaid.

II. And he it further enaded, That the faid feveral and refpedive Allowances, Sums of Money and Annuities as aforefaid, (hall be iflued and paid out of the faid Consolidated Fund, after paying and referving Sufficient to pay all fuch Sums as (hall have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Ad or Ads of Parliament made and paffed before the pafiing of tnis Ad, and with Preference to all other Payments which (hall or may at any time after the pafiing of this Ad be charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund, and lhall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer out of the faid Fund, and the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall and he is hereby required to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for paying the faid refpedive Sums, as the fame (hall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken tor paying the fame or any Part thereof; and the refpedive Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of Their faid Royal Highneffes refpedively, as to each of the bid Allow-ances, Sums of Money or Annuities aforefaid, or of fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall he by them refpedively duly authorized and appointed to receive their refpedive Allowances, Sums of. Money or Annuities as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, (hall be good and Sufficient Discharges for the Payment thereof refpedively ; and the Said Debentures to he made forth and paffed for carrying into Execution the Provifion8 of this Ad (hall be a fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpedive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the faid refpedive Sums of Money, without any further or other Warrant to be Sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the Said refpedive Sums of Money fo to be paid, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Affeffments, and all other Charges whatfoever.	^

• III. And Whereas an Eftimate has been laid before Parliament

*	of the future Annual Charges of the feveral Claffes oi His Majefty's f Civil Lift, the Amount of which, for each Clafs sefpedively, it

•	(pecified in the Schedule to this Ad annexed; and it is expedient,

< for enfuring the regular Payment of the faid Charges, arifing in etch

A.D.181&

56° GEO. III.

C. 46.

121

* Oafs rr/bedively, that Appropriations (hould be made out of the « Civil Lift Revenues, in tne manner hereinafter direded;’ Be it therefore farther enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Tresfurer, or the Commiffionert of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, or within a Period not exceeding Thirty Days from the Commencement of each Quarter, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct what Sums (hall refjpedively be fet apart and appropriated, in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, out of the Quarterly Revenues of the Civil Lift, for the Purpofe of defraying the feveral Charges upon the refpe&ive Gaffes thereof; but fo as that the Sum to be appropriated to the Sixth Clafs do not exceed One fourth Part of the eftimated annual Amount of that Clafs, as fpecified in the Schedule to this Ad annexed ; and fo that the Sams to be appropriated to the other of the Claffes in any One Quarter be equal to One fourth Part of the eftimated Amount of fiich Clafs, together with any Saving which may have accrued upon the faid Clafs in the preceding Quarter; and the feveral and re* fpedive Sums, in the faid Warrant direded to be fet apart and appropriated, (hall be fo fet apart by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and be appropriated to the refpedive Claffes accordingly ; and each and every Sum fo fet apart and appropriated, /hall in the Firft- Inftance be applied in the Payment of all the unfarisfied Charges of every Description of the Clafs in refped of which fuch Appropriation (hall have been made, in Preference to any other Charges whatever upon His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues; and no Part thereof (hall on any Account whatever be applied for any other Purpofe, or in Aid of any other of the Claffes of the Civil Lift, or of any other of the Charges thereon, except in the manner hereinafter provided ; any thing contained in the faid recited Ad of the Twenty Second Year aforelaid, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; but in cafe the adual Cham of any Clafs or Claffes of the Civil Lift (hall exceed the Sum which may have been appropriated thereto, then fuch Exceeding (hall and may be iffued out of any Money in the Exchequer arifing from His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues, which may not have been appropriated to any particular Clafs or Claffes of tne Civil Lift.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Saving or Surplus (hall arife in any Quarter, in refped of any Money appropriated for defraying the Cnarges of any particular Clafs, fo as that the Sum appropriated thereto mall be more than fufficient for the foil and complete Payment of the Charges thereon, fuch Quarterly Saving or Surplus (hall in every fuch cafe be carried forward in the Exchequer to the Account and Credit, and be applied for the Pur-pofes of the Clafs in which it (hall have arifen, until the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and in cafe fuch Saving or Surplus renaming at that time (hall have arifen in the Third Clafs, then it flail be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiilioners of the Treafary for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they we hereby required, to dired the fame to be carried to the Account of the (aid Consolidated Fund; but in cafe and whenever any fuch Saving or Surplus remaining at the End of the Year (hall have arifen in say other of the Claffes of the Civil Lift, then it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffiouers of the Trea-

.	fury

Sums appropriated to Payment of refpe&ive Claffes of Civil 1 *ift, and to be applied in the firft Inftance in Payment thereof in Preference to all other Paymenta.

Treafury may dired Savings in any Clafi to be applied at the End of the Year, in Aid of the other Claffes.

C. 46.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.IB10.

Application of Exchequer Fees repealed, and a fixed Sum carried to Civil Lid Revenue, and Remainder to Coofolidated Fund.

50 G.3.CXI7. §9-

repealed.

fury for the time being* or any Three or more of them* to direct the fame to be applied in Aid of the Charges or Expences of any other Clafa, or of any other Charge or Charges upon His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues* in fuch manner as may under the Circusnft&nces appear to be moft expedient.

• V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Income as well as the 4 Charge of His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues fhould* as far as may 4 be praHicable* confift of fuch Sums as are fixed and certain in their 4 Amount* and that fo much of the faid recited AH of the Twenty 4 third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty* as emits* that the 4 Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury fhall direH the Surplus 4 of the Fees and Gratuities* Specified in the faid AH* to be carried * to the Account of the Monies applicable to the Ufe of His 4 Majefty’8 Civil Government and to the Sinking Fund* in the Pro* 4 portions in the faid AH fpecified, fhould therefore be repealed ;* Be it further enalted* That fo much of the faid Alt as is above recited fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the palling of this AH* there (hall be applied to the Civil Lift Revenues* out of the Surplus of fuch Fees and Gratuities* the Sum of Forty eight thoufand Pounds per Annum* by even and equal Quarterly Payments; and the Remainder of fuch Surplus fhall go and be carried to the faid Consolidated Fuad.

4 VI. And Whereas by an AH patted in the Fiftieth Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty* intituled An AS to direS that Ac-4 counts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries* Penfions and 4 Allowances* fhall be annually laid befort Parliament % and to regulate 4 and controul the granting and paying of fuch Salaries» Penfions and 4 Allowances, it is provided* that when any Deficiency ot the Fee 4 Fund fhould be found in the Offices of the Principal Secretary 4 of State* of the Council and of the Treafury* the fame fhould be 4 made good out of the Civil Lift: And Whereas it is expedient that 1 the faid Provifion fhould be repealed* and that any Deficiency of 4 the Fee Fund which may arife in any of thofe Offices fhould not 4 hereafter be made good out of the Civil Lift* or be confidered as 4 forming any Part of the ordinary Charges thereof, but fhould be 4 made good out of fuch other Funds as may be provided by Parlia* 4 mentBe it therefore further enaHed, That to much of the fail AH as is above recited* fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the patting of this AH* the Deficiency of Fees which may be found in any of the faid Offices fhall not be confidered as forming any Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift* but that the lame fhall be made good out of any Funds which may be granted by Parliament to difcharge fuch Expences* of a Civil nature* as do not form a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

4 VII. And Whereas it may frequently happen that Penfions* 4 Fees and Salaries may be direHed to be paid at the Exchequer* in 4 cafes where the Parties entitled to fuch Penfions* Fees and Salaries* 4 may have died previoufly to the Day up to which fuch Payments 4 may have been direHed* by which the Money becomes appropriated 4 in the Hands of the proper Officers of the Exchequer* and cannot 4 be applied to any Purpofes whatever without the Authority of Par* 4 liament: And Whereas it is expedient that Authority mould be 4 given to the Lord High Treasurer, or Coomiffioners of His 4 Majefty’s Treafury* or any Three or more of them for the time

•	4	being*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 46.

12$

*	being, to authorize the proper Officers of the Exchequer, who may ‘ haw been directed to pay, out of His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues, ‘ any Sum or Sums to any Perfon or Perlons, for any Penfion, Fee 1 or Salary which did not become due or could not be paid in confe-

*	qoence of the Death of the Perfon to whom it was dire&ed to be 1 paid, to pay the laid Sum to any other Perfon or Perfons, for the

*	Purpofe of the fame being again paid into the Exchequer, and ap-' plied, if arifing upon the Third Clafs of the Civil Lift, to the Ac-‘ count of the Consolidated Fund, and if arifing jn any other of the 1 Claftesof the Civil Lift, to the Account of His Majefty’s Civil 4 Lift Revenues,’ Be it therefore further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiftioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hand or Hands, to dired the proper Officers of the Exchequer to pay to any Perfon or Perfons who may be named in the fiud Warrant, any Sum or Sums which may have been dire&ed to be paid to any Penon or Perfons for any Penfion, Fee or Salary, but which did not become due or could not be paid in confequence of the Death of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was dire&ed to be paid before the Day up to which foch Penfion, Fee or Salary, may have been dire&ea to be paid; and the Sum or Sums which may be received under fuch Warrant or Warrants (hall be repaid into the Exchequer, and applied, if arifing upon the Third Clals of the Civil Lift, to the Account of the Confolidated Fund, and if arifing in any of the other Claffes of tht Civil Lift, to the Account of His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues.

* VIII. And Whereas it would eueotially contribute to the Ex-

*	ercife of a due Economy in the different Branches of the Royal 4 Household, by efbbliflung a more effe&ual Superintendence over 1 that Part of the Civil Lift which belongs to the Departments of < the Lord Chamberlam, the Lord Steward and the Mafter of the 4 Horfe^ if an Officer were appointed fpecially for the Purpofe of

*	examining and auditing the Bills, Expences and Accounts of 4 tbofe Departments refpe&ivelyBe it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required,-to appoint a proper Perfon, who Sail be empowered and required to examine and audit all the Tradesmen’s Bills, and the Accounts and Expences incurred or to be incurred in the Departments of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward and Mafter of the Horie, and to examine into all the Expenditure within thole Departments during its Progrefs, and to report thereon to the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, fo that the fame may be, as far as may be practicable, in conformity to the previous Estimates thereof, as ian&ioned and approved by the Lord High Treafurer, or the Com* miffiooers of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them ; and the faid Officer in the Execution of the faid Duty Audi obey fuch Orders and Dire&ions as he fliall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of His Majefty’t Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them; and it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Coauniffioam of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or mote of them, to grant to fuch Officer, out of the Civil Lift

. .	.	Revenues,

T rcafury te dired Officer, of Exchequer to pay to Perfooa named in any Warrant, any Penfton, Fee or Salary which did not become due in conlequenct of Death of Perfon to whom fame we, di. retted to be paid.

Treafury may appoint an Of-6cer to audit Civil Lift Accounts

C. 46.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Such Officer no1 to fit in Parliament.

Tretfury to prepare luftruc-tions for Guidance of i'uch Officer.

Officer map fumraon Per-fona, and require Books, Accounts and Vouchers, and examine upon Oath.

Affirmation of (Quakers.

Servants, Tradefmen, dtc. offending dif-miffed, Stc.

Fine.

Perfons giving falfe Evidence before Auditor.

Revenues, fuch Salary as His Majedy may think fit, not exceeding One thoufand five hundred Pounds per Annum ; and the faid Officer, during the holding of the faid Office (hall be and he is hereby declared to be incapable of being elefted into or of fitting and voting in Parliament.

IX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of His Majedy’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, as loon as conveniently may be after the paffing of this Aft, to prepare a full and complete Code of Inftxuftions for the Guidance of the Conduft of fuch Auditor in the Execution of his Duties as aforefaid ; and it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter and change fuch Code of In draft ions, or to iffue any additional Indraft ions for the Conduft of the faid Officer, in fuch manner as the Good of His Majefty’s Service may from time to time appear to them to require ; and fuch Officer for the time being (hall in all cafes in the Execution of his Office govern himfelf in the Performance of his Duties therein by fuch In-druftions, in like manner in every refpeft as if the fame had been in-ferted and made Part of this Aft*

* X. And Whereas it may be neceflary that the faid Officer, in the * Execution of the Duty to be repofed in him, (hould be empowered 1 to examine Perfons upon OathBe it therefore further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Officer, by and with the Coufent and Authority, in each particular cafe, of the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of tne Treafury for the time being, to be fignified by One of the Secretaries of the Treafury, to call before him any of the Officers or Perfons holding any Offices, Situations or Places under the Lord Chamberlain, or under the Lord Steward, or under the Mader of the Horfe, and alfo any Perfons not belonging to any or either of the faid Departments, who may have fuppiied or furnifhed, or been concerned or employed in the fupplying or furntih-ing any Articles, matters and things in or for the Ufe of either of the faid Departments refpeftively, or who may be able, in tbe Judgment of the faid Officer, to give any Information relating thereto, and to examine any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid upon Oath, or Affirmation (if Quakers), which Oath or Affirmation Rich Officer is hereby authorized to adminider, as to any fuch Accounts, Expences or Charges, or any matters or things relating thereto, or as to any fuch Articles or things fo fuppiied or furniflied as aforefaid, or touching and concerning any matter or thing neceflary for the full, drift and accurate Examination and Audit of any fuch Accounts or Expences or Charges; and in cafe of the Failure by any Perfon to comply with any fuch the lawful Requifition of tlie faid Officer, every fuch Perfon fo refufing, if an Officer or Servant or Tradefman employed in any of the laid Departments, (hall be difmifled from bis Situation or Employment, and be incapable of being again employed as fuch Officer, Servant or Tradefman m the Service of His Maiefty; and every fuch Perfon (hall alfo be liable to the Payment of fuch Pine to His Maiedy as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the laid Court by the faid Officer, or by His Majedy’s Attorney General, (hall think fit to fet and impofe, which Fine the faid Court is hereby authorized and empowered to fet and impofe accordingly.

XI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon in the Courfe of any Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before anj

A.D.1616.

56® GEO. III.

C. 46.

125.

fuch Aidtor under the Provifion* of this A (hall wilfully and compA gut falfe Evidence, fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thcn/iUrooDTidedy (hall be and it hereby declared to be fubje& and UImd fad Paint and Penalties as by any Law now in force rerfons fvafiui of wilfal and corrupt Peijury are fubjed and liable to. til. And be it farther enaded, That the Officer fo to be ap-inted (hall, after he has duly examined fuch Accounts and Heden as afore&id, make up a State or States thereof, in fuch Manner ud Form as (hall be required by his Inftrudions in that Behalf, and deliver the fame to the Lord High Treafurer, or Com-mifEoom of His Majefty's Treafury for the time being ; and the hid Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of tne Treafury for the tine being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized, if they (hall fee fit, to dired any further Examination of the (aid Account, or to allow the fame in cafe they (hall be fatisfied tbotwsh; and fuch Allowance, and a Warrant under His MajeftVs Sign Mamnl iffued in purfnance of fucb Allowance, (hall be a full and final Difcbarge for and upon any fuch Account, to all Intents and Pvpofes, without any further or other Audit, Account, Allowance or Wcharge whatever; any thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Pariatnl to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII. And be it further enaded, That whenever the total Charge upon the Civil lift, from the Fifth Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the fucceeding Year, (hall amount to more than One million one hundred thoufana Pounds, an Account dating the Particulars of fuch Exceeding, and the Caufe thereof, (hall be Wbontted to Parhament within Thirty Days after the fame (hall have ten steamed, if Parliament (hall be then fitting; but if Parliament (haft not be then fitting, then the faid Account (hall be presented within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

Perjury.

Officer, after £ lamination, to make out Suita according to Initrudions. Treafury may remit for further Examination, or allow any Warrant, Ac. to be e final Difcbarge.

Exceeding!, Particulars laid before Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

ESTIMATE of the probable future Annual Charge on the Civil Lift.

ift CLASS • Penfions andAlbwances to the Royal Family id CLASS - Allowances to the Lord Chancellor, Judges, See. jd CLASS • Allowances to Foreign Minifters; including Penfions to Foreign Minifters, and Salaries to (Jonfuls Bills of His Majefty** Tradesmen Salaries to the Department of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, Mafter of the Horfe, Matter of the Robes and Surveyor General of Works ; including Compenfation and Superannuation Allowances payable within thofe Departments -Penfions limited by Ad 22 Geo. III. cap. 82. -Salaries and Allowances to certain Officers and Perfons .... Salaries to the Commiffioners of the Treafury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer ... Occasional Payments, not comprifed in any of the foregoing Cush -	-	-	-

4th CLASS jih CLASS

6th CLASS -7th CLASS-

8th CLASS •

CAP.

C.47, 48, 49.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

CAP. XLVII.

An Aft for railing the Sum of One million two hundred thoufand Pounds Irijh Currency, by Treafury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.	'	[acth	June	1816.]

K IRISH Treafury may iflue Bills to a certain Extent to bear 44 Intereft, § i. Buis iflued not to exceed i,2cx>,oooL § 2. Banks €t of Ireland or England may advance 1,200,0001. on Credit of « Aft, §6.

[/« all other rcftefis except Dates this AS is the fame as Cap. 41. ante,']

CAP. XLVIII.

An Aft to continue, until Three Months after the ceafing of any Reftriftion impofed on the Bank of England from ifiuing Calh in Payment, the feveral Afts for confirming and continuing the Reftriftions on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of Ireland.	[20th June	1816.]

“ IRISH Ad, 37 G. j. c. 51. continued by 43 G.3. c. 44. Both “ the recited Ads (hall have Continuance until the Expiration of “ Three Calendar Months next after any Refbriaion impofed or to “ be impofed by any Aa made or to be made in this prefent SefiEoo u of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of “ England from ifluing Ca(h in Payments (hall ceafe, unlefs the “ Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the 44 Privy Council of Ireland /hall, by an Order in Council, direft that “ the laid Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the Bank of “ Ireland (hall fooner ceafe.

55 G.j. c.51. I *•

CAP. XUX An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, pafled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for the more eafy afieffing, collefting and levying of County Rates.	[20th	June	1816.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, intituled An AS to amend * an AS of His late Majefiy King George the Second, for the more 4 eafy ajfefing, colleSiug and levying of County Rates : And Whereas, • by the faid recited Aft, the Juftices of the Peace of the feveral * Counties, Ridings or Divifions of Counties, Cities, Towns or other 4 Places, having Commiflions of the Peace within themfelves, in that 4 Part of Great Britain called England* are authorized and empowered 4 to aflefs and tax, for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, every Parifh, * Townlhip and other Place, whether Parochial or Extra Parochial, 4 within the refpeftive Limits of their Commiflions, according to a 4 certain Pound Rate of the full and fair annual Value of the Mef-4 fuages. Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief 4 of the Poor therein ) and Doubts having arifen under the faid Aft, 4 whether any Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, 4 fituate within any Extra Parochial or other Place where no Rate * for Relief of the roor is made and collefted, could be made fubjeft 4 to the County Rate ta be railed under the. fiyd Aft, and it is ex-4 pedieat that fuch Doubts flxould be removed;9 Be it therefore

enafted

AD. 1816.

55° GEO. III.

C. 48.

if7

ena&d bf IV King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the

Advice ad Coafent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Qoanaat, a this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority

of At fear, That all Mefftiages, Lands, Tenements and Heredita- Extra Parochial

WBO, State, lying or being in any Extra Parochial Place or other

Bco, whether rated to the Relief of the Poor or not fo rated,

dkagh the fame may not be deemed rateable to the Relief of the ^le to the Rt-

Aor within fuch Extra Parochial Places, or other Places where no lief of the Poor,

life it made for the Relief of the Poor, {hall be, and the lame are Tubjea to be

hereby decked to be fubjeft to be aflefled, taxed and rated, by and £***10

tader the Order, Dire&ion and Authority of Juftices of the reace, ty W*

ia fucb and the lame manner as the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments, within any Pariihes or Places where a Rate is

made fertk Refief of the Poor; and the Juftices of the Peace (hall

in all caafe% where the fame may be neceflary, appoint proper Perfons

rithia fuch Extra Parochial or other Places, as dire&ed in and by

the fod recited Aft, for the afteffing, taxing and rating fuch Extra

Parochial Meffaages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and

levying, colk&mg and paying over fuch Afleflments, Taxes or Rates,

under the Provibons of the laid recited A6r.

111.	And Whereas Doubts have arifen and may arife, touching 1 the Boundaries of Counties, Ridings and Divifions and Parts of 4 Counties, and other Places of diftineb and feparate Jurifdi&ion, and < touching the Jurifdifbons of Juftices of the Peace in relation thereto,

* under the Provifions of the faid recited A£k ; and it is expedient 4 that fach Doubts fbould be removed, and that Boundaries (hould be 4 ilctrtamed m all fuch cafes, for the Purpofes of carrying the faid 4 red&ed Aft into ExecutionBe it therefore ena&ed. That the Juftices in Oene-Jufhcesol the Peace of Counties and Ridings, and Dirifions and Parts Quarter of Counties, and other Places of diftind and feparate Jurifdi&ion, in that Part of Great Britos* called England,, aflembled at their feveral {£ind detcr. aod refpe&re General or Quarter $eflxons of the Peace, or at any mine Bound-Adjournment thereof, flail be and they are hereby authorized and an**, between required, many cafe in which any Queftion or Doubt docs or (hall pounties,Rid-exift, or frail have arifen, or may in the Judgment of the faid Juftices pjJJ^ be likely to arife, as concerning any Boundary between any Coun- ^ and 6et, Kdjatp, Dirifions or Parts of any County, or other Places of Places of diftinft difebd and feparate Jurifd&xra, for wnich they refpedively a& as sod feparate fach Juftices, to nominate and appoint Two Juftices of the Peace of Jurifdittion. each fschCmmtv, Riding, Divifion or Parts of any County, or other fkes of and feparate Jurifdifihon, between which the Boundary is required to be ascertained, for the Purpofe of fixing and de-terumusg inch Boundary, and the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks and other proper Officer of the feveral and refpe&ive General or Quarter Sernons the Peace at which fuch Juftices (hall be appointed (Kail forthwith give Notice to each other, and to fuch Juftices of fuch Appointment$ and the Juftices fo appointed (hall in every fuch cafe,

* bon as may be after their Appointment, meet and proceed to ikatam the Boundary, upon fuch Evidence as can be obtained by tkm, or as they {ball deem neceflary for that Purpofe, either by Examotknof Witnefles upon Oath (which Oath any One of the laid Jakes is hereby empowered to adminifter) or of any Maps,

Plans, kwys or any other Records or Documents, or in fuch other muneraitfey the udd Juftices fo appointed (hall think requiflte ;

9	and

C. 49.

56° GEO. IIL

A. D. 181(7.

Juftices, 8e c. may enter Lands, fu mm on Witnefles, kc.

Impofe Penal-ties.

What deemed Boundaries.

Appointment of new Juftices.

Jncalfc of Difference between Juftices, a Re-

and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, or for any Perfons authorized under the Hand of any Three or more of fuch Juftices, to enter upon any Lands, Grounds or Premifes, for the Purpofe of examining the fame, or making any Meafurement, Maps or Plans thereof, for the Purpofes aforefaid; and it (hall be lawful for the laid Juftices to fummon any Witnefles to be examined in that Behalf, and to impofe any Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Ten Pounds upon any Witnefs who (hall, without reafonable Excufe, refufe or negled to attend to be examined upon any fuch Summons, which Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under any of the Provifions of the faid recited Ad ; and fuch Juftices (hall thereupon fix, afeertain and determine the Boundary fo referred to them to be afeertained, and (hall caufe the Boundary fo fixed and determined to be laid down on Two Maps or Plans, to be flgned by the faid Juftices fo appointed as aforefaid, which (hall be depofited with the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, for the Counties, Ridings, Divifions or Parts of Counties, or other Places of diftind and leparate Jurifdidion, between which fuch Boundary (hall be fo fixed and determined, and which Maps and Plans (hall be kept amongft the Records of their refpedive Seffions, and (hall be received as Evidence of fuch Boundaries; and fuch Boundaries, fo fixed and determined, (hall be and be deemed the Boundaries between the refpedive Counties, Ridings, Divifions or Parts of Counties, or other Places of diftind and feparate Jurifdidion, for which the fame (hall have been fo afeertained, for all the Purpofes of this and of the faid recited Ad, and the carrying the Provifions thereof refpedively into Execution; any thing contained in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, relating to fuch Counties, Ridings, Divifions or Parts of fuch Counties, or other Places of diftind and feparate Jurifdidion, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IIL And be it further enaded, That if any of the Four Juftices fo appointed as aforefaid, or who (hall be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them refpedively vefted, die, decline or refufe to ad, or become incapable or ading, the Juftices of the Peace of Counties, Ridings, Divifions and Parts of Counties, and other Places of diftind and leparate Jurifdidion, aflembled at their feveral and refpedive General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, from which fuch Juftice fo appointed or to be appointed (hall die, decline, refufe to ad or become incapable of ading, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint another Juftice in the room of him fo dying, declining, refuting to ad, or becoming incapable of ading as aforefaid, and fo from tune to time as often as any Juftice fo to be appointed ?s laft aforefaid (hall die, decline or refufe to ad, or become incapable of ading; and every Juftice to be appointed as aforefaid (hall have the like Power and Authority as the Juftice in whofe Place he (hall be appointed was inverted with by virtue of this Ad; and that Notice fnall be given by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, to fuch Juftice of his Appointment, in manner hereinbefore direded.

IV.	Provided always,. and be it further enaded. That if it (hall happen that the Juftices fo appointed to fix, afeertain and determine the Boundaries as aforefaid, (hall difagree in opinion touching

13	the

A.D. 181&

56° GEO. III.

C. 49.

129

ftmdyj between any County, Riding, Dirifion or Parts of any fact to b# tp-CoasfT, or other Place of diflind and feparate Jurifdi&ion, fore- points to meet fmd to tfmn under aud by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad, 2^^'" si ben Hull be an Equality of Votes, fo that the faid Juftices can- mmt	y'

wtffiikc any Determination thereon, then and in fuch cafe the faid hitk$, or the major Part of them, (hall forthwith appoint under ri 7 Hands fuch Perfon as they may think proper to ad as Re-frree, which Perfoo fo appointed as Referee (hall, within Twenty one Days from the Receipt of fuch Appointment, fix a time and Place to meet fuch Ju dices; and at fuch Meeting the faid Perfon fo to be appointed at Referee as aforefaid (hall, together with the faid Mice* to whom any Boundary (hall be referred to be afcertained as afbreUid, proceed to fix, ascertain and determine the Boundary about which fuch Difagreement (hall take place among ft them the (aid Juikrs, in fuch and the fame manner and with fuch and the like Powers m all Refpe&s as hereinbefore expreiTed, and that the Deter-mnatioQ and Decifioo of the faid Juftices, and of the Perfon whom they (hall appoint as Referee as aforefaid, or of the major Part of them, (hall be for erer binding and conclufive ; and that the faid Juf-toctSjiodtbe Perfon whom they (hall appoint as Referee as aforefaid, or the major Part of them, (hall caufe the Boundary fo fixed and determined to be laid down on Two Maps or Plans, to be figned by the Cud Juftices and the Perfon fo appointed as Referee as aforefaid, or by the major Part of them, which (hall be depofited with the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks or other proper Officer, as hereinbefore directed, and kept amongft the Records of their refpe&ive Seffions, and (haU be received as Evidence of fuch Boundaries; and fuch Boundaries to hied and determined (hall be and be deemed the Boundaries between the rtfpe&ive Counties, Ridings, Divifions or Parts of Counties or other Places of diftind and feparate Jurifdi&ion, for which the dune flail have been fo afcertained for all the Purposes of this iod of the Cud recited A&, and the carrying the Provifions thereof refpedively into Execution, any thing contained in any other A& or Ads of Parliament, relating to fuch Counties, Ridings, Divifions or Pant of fuch Counties, or other Places of diflind and feparate Jurifdidiofl, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwith-ftaadwg.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes in Appeals how which any Appeal or Appeals (hall be made under the faid recited F0'*^ in. Ad, to any Rate or AffefTraent made in purfuance thereof, or of this Ad, the fame (hall be made to the next General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, after the Caufe of Appeal (hall have arifen, and that Fourteen clear Days9 Notice in Writing (hall be given of the Intention to try fuch Appeal previous to fuch General or Quarter Seffions, and that notwithftanding fuch Appeal or Notice thereof, the Rate or Rates made upon any Parifti, Townfhip or Place (whether Extra Parochial or otherwife) under the faid recited Ad aid this Ad', (hall be paid, and (hall and may be levied, recovered and received, in the fame manner as if no Appeal had been made or Notice given thereof; and that if upon the hearing of any fuch Appeal m Appeals, the Court of General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace Uocder any Rate or Affeflroent to be decreafed or lowered, and it fall appear to the (aid Court that any Pari(h, Townfhip or Place bare or lath previoufly to the hearing fuch Appeal or Appeals

«G»I1L	K	P«4

•56* GEO. III.

A.D.1J1

Aft not to de-tcrmine Quef-tion of Boundary*

Stit. 55 G. 3. c. 51. extended to Aft.

No Sheriff or other Officer Dull fell or carry off from any Lands any Straw, Chaff or Turnip*, in any cafe, nor any Hay or other Produce contrary to the Covenant.

Tenant to give Notice of Exif-tence of Covenants;

C.*9, 50.

paid any Sum or Sums of Money in confequence of fucb Rate* AfTeffments, which ought not to have been paid or charged there then and in every fuch cafe the faid Court fhall order aU and en fuch Sum and Sums of Money to be repaid and returned to the P* fon or Perfons, Parifh, Townfhip or Place, having paid the fame fpeftively.

VI.	Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained, 1. any Proceedings under the fame, fhall extend or be conftrued to c tend, to determine any Queftion of Boundary for any Purpofe, ex« for the Purpofe of affemng, collefting and levying Rates, accords to the Provifions of this Aft, and of the faid recited Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all the Powers, Auth rities, Provifions, Claufes and Regulations contained in the faid r cited Aft, fhall be deemed and taken to apply to this Aft, as if t fame were feverally and refpeftively repeated and reenafted in tl Aft ; and this Aft and the faid recited Aft fhall be confined; one Aft.

CAP. L.

An Aft: to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken ij

Execution.	[20th	June	i8:6|

« TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Execution of legal h « VV cefs fhould be fo regulated, as to be confiftent witn goo < Hufbandry, and the Effeft and Intent of Covenants andAgrei « ments entered into between the Owners and Occupiers of Lan * let to farm	Be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Ml

jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spirits and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblei and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffo of this Aft, no Sheriff or other Officer in England or Wdeu ftal by virtue of any Procefs of any Court of Law, carry off or fell 1 difpofe of for the Purpofe of being carried off from any Lands I to farm, any Straw threlhed or unthrefhed, or any Straw of Cro| growing, or any Chaff, Colder or any Turnips, or any Manure, Coi poft, Afhes or Seaweed, in any cafe whatfoever; nor any Hay, Gra or Graffes, whether natural or artificial, nor any Tares or Vetch* nor any Roots or Vegetables, being Produce of fuch Lands, in ai cafe where, according to any Covenant or written Agreement, ei tered into and made for the Benefit of the Owner or Landlord any Farm, fuch Hay, Grafs or Graffes, Tares and Vetches, Roc or Vegetables, ought not to be taken off or withholden from fu Lands, or which by the Tenor or Effeft of fuch Covenants or Agn ments, ought to be ufed or expended thereon, and of which Coi nants or Agreements, fuch Sheriff or other Officer fhall have receiv a written Notice before he fhall have proceeded to Sale.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Tenant or Occupier any Lands let to farm, againft whofc Goods any Procefs of Law fli iffue, whereby fuch Goods may be taken and fold, fhall, on havi Knowledge of fuch Procefs, give a written Notice to the Sheriff other Officer executing the fame, of fuch Covenants or Agreemen whereof he or fhe fhall have Knowledge, and which may relate to i regulate, or are intended to regulate the Ufe and Expenditure of 1 Crops or Produce grown or growing thereon* and aim of the Na

a

A. D.1S1A

56° GEO. III.

C .50.

151

and Jtdface of the Owner or Landlord of fuch Lands; and fuch and Sheriff to Slrrifor other Officer (hall forthwith, on executing fuch Procefs, Notice to iri bcfate my Sale (haQ have been proceeded in, fend a Notice by tit Gnenl Poft to the Owner or Landlord of fuch Lands, in aU oks where fuch Owner or Landlord (Kail be refident in any Part of da United Kingdom, and (hall have been made known to and afeer-uined by fuch Sheriff or other Officer, and alfo to the known Steward or Agent of fuch Landlord or Owner, in refpeft of fuch Lands, dating to fuch Owner, Landlord and Agent, the Fa ft of Poffeffion hating been taken of any Crops or Produce hereinbefore mentioned ; said fuch Sheriff or other Officer (hall, in all cafes of the Abfence or Silence of fuch Landlord or Owner, or his or her Agent, poft pone and delay the Sale of fuch Crops or Produce until the lateft Day he lawfully can or may appoint for fuch Sale.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That fuch Sheriff Sheriff may <fif-or other Officer executing fuch Procefs may difpofe of any Crops or to an** Produce hereinbefore mentioned, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall J^Jrcem°nJnto agree in Writing with fuch Sheriff or other Officer, in cafes where expend it on ih# no (Want or written Agreement (hall be (hewn, to ufe and expend Land, the fame on fuch Lands, in fuch manner as (hall accord with the Cutom of the Country; and in cafes where any Covenant or written Agreement (hallbe (hewn, then according to fuch Covenant or written Agreement; and after fuch Sale or Dilpofal fo qualified, it fhaH be lawful far foch Perfon or Perfons to ufe all fuch neceffary Bams,

Stables, Buddings, Outhoufes, Yards and Fields, for the Purpofe of confuting fuch Crops or Produce, as fuch Sheriff or other Officer (hatt aAot or Ago to them for that Purpofe, and which fuch Tenant or Occupier would hare been entitled to and ought to have ufed for the like Purpofe on fuch Lands.

IV* And be it further enafted. That fuch Sheriff or other Officer fbU, oo the Rcqwft of any Landlord or Owner who (hall be aggrieved by any Breach of fuch Agreement, permit fuch Landlord or Owner to bring any Aftion or Aftions in the Name of fuch Sheri! or other Officer, for the Recovery of Damages in refpeft of fuch Breach, fuch Landlord or Owner having neverthelefs fully indemnified fuch Sheriff or other Officer againft all Coils whatfoever, and all Lois and Damage, before any fuch Aftion (hall be commenced.

V.	And be it further enafted. That fuch Sheriff or other Officer (hall, before any Sale of any Crops or Produce of any Lands let to farm (U! be proceeded in, mace, by all Ways and Means, due Enquiry within the Parifh where fuch Lands (hall he lituate, as to the Marne and Refidence of the Landlord or Owner of fuch Lands.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where any Pur- Landlords not to

chafer or Purchafers of any Crop or Produce hereinbefore men- dirt rain for Rent tioned (hall have entered into any Agreement with fuch Sheriff or °n Pnrchaferi of other Officer, touching the Ufe and Expenditure thereof on Lands r”*1	__

Vet to farm, it (hall not be lawful for the Owner or Landlord of fuch olher things bods to diftrcm for any Rent on any Com, Hay, Straw or other fold fubjed to Produce thereof, which, at the time of fuch Sale and the Execution Agreement.

of fach Agreement entered into under the Provifions of this Aft, (hall haw fevered from the Soil, and fold, fubjeft to fuch Agreement, by foch Sheriff or other Officer; nor on any Turnips, whether drawn or growing, if fold according to the Provifions of this Aft ; nor on m fieriOf Sheep or other Cattle, nor on any Bead whatfoever, nor '

K 2	on

Sheriff to permit Landlord or Owner to bring AAion in his * Name.

Sheriff to enquire as to Name and Refi-dence of Landlord.

C.60.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Sheriff not to fell Clover, kc. growing with Corn.

Provifo for Contract.

Sheriff not liable for Dimages, unleis for wi.ful O million.

Indemnity to Sheiiff and others a&ing under Provifions of A&.

Affignee of Bankrupt, Sec. not to take Crop in any Other way than Bankrupt would have been entitled to do.

on any Waggons, Carts or other Implements of Huibandry, which any Perfon or Perfons (hall employ, keep or ufe on fuch Lands, for the Purpofe of threfhing out, carrying or confuming any fuch Corn, Hay, Straw, Turnips or other Produce, under the Provifions of the Ad, and the Agreement or Agreements direded to be entered into between the Sheriff or other Officer, and the Purchafer or Pur chafers of fuch Crops and Produce, as hereinbefore are mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That no Sheriff or other Officer (hall, by virtue of any Procefs whatfoever, fell or difpofe of any Clover, Ryegrafs or any artificial Grafs or Graffes whatfoever, which (hall be newly fown, and be growing under any Crop of (landing Corn.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That this Ad (hall not extend to any Straw, Turnips or other Articles, which the Tenant may remove from the Farm confidently with fome Contrad in Writing.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe where any Action (hall be brought againd fuch Sheriff or other Officer, for any Breach of or Omiffion of Compliance with the Provifions of this Ad, no Plaintiff (hall be entitled to recover any Damages againd. fuch Sheriff or other Officer, unlefs it (hall be proved on the Trial of fuch Adion, that fuch Breach or Omiffion was wilful on the Part of fuch Sheriff or other Officer.

X.	And be it further enaded. That no Sheriff or Under Sheriff, nor any or either of their Deputies, Agents, Bailiffs or Servants, nor any Perfon or Perfons who (hall purchafe any Hay, Straw, Chaff, Turnips, Grafs or Graffes, or other Produce and things hereinbefore mentioned, under the Provifions of this Ad, nor his, her or their Servant or Servants, (hall be deemed or taken to be a Trefpaffer by reafon of his, her or their coming upon or remaining in PoUefiion of any Barns or other Buildings, Yards or Fields, for the Purpofe of threfhing out or confuming any Straw, Hay, Turnips or other Produce hereinbefore mentioned, under the Provifions of this Ad, or for doing any matter or thing whatfoever, fit and neceffary to be done for the rurpofe of executing the fame, and carrying into Effed all Stipulations contained in any Agreement made under fuch Provifions* though fuch Ads (hall have been done by fuch Sheriff or other Officer, and by fuch Perfon or Perfons, his, her or their Servants, after the Return of the Procefs under which fuch Sheriff or other Officer (hall have aded.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That no Affignee of any Bankrupt, or of any Infolvent Debtor’s Eftate, nor any Affignee under any Bill of Sale, nor any Purchafer of the Goods, Chattels, Stock or Crop of any Perfon or Perfons engaged or employed in Husbandry, on any Lands let to farm, (hall take, ufe or difpofe of any Hay, Straw, Grafs or Graffes, Turnips or other Roots, or any othex Produce of fuch Lands, or any Manure, Compoll, Afhes, Seaweed or other Dreifings intended for fuch Lands, and being thereon, in any other manner, and for any other Purpofe, than fucH Bankrupt, Infolvent Debtor, or other Perfon fo employed in Hufbandry, ought to have taken, ufed or difpofed of the fame, if no Commiffion of Bankruptcy had iffued, or no fuch Affignmeat or Alignments had been executed, or Sale made.

CA. P,

AD.ltll

56* GEO. III.

C. 51.

183

CAP. LI.

is AS to amend an Ad palled in the prefent Selfion of Par-izament^ intituled An AH to carry into Effeft a Convention of Comment concluded between His Majefy and the United State/ of America.	[aoth	June	18! 6.]

1 IITHEREAS an Ad was paffed in the prefent Selfion of Par-

*	W lament, intituled An AS to carry into EffeQ a Convention 56 G. 3. c. 15*

*	•/ Commerce concluded between His Majejly and the United State*.

1 of Amelia: And Whereas the faid Ad does not contain any

*	rrorifrou for permitting Veffels of the faid United States of Ante*

*	rice to dor out from the Ports of the United Kingdom to any o£

‘ the Britj/l Settlements in the Eafl Indjes : And Whereas it is ex*

*	petfient that Veffels baDt in the Countries belonging to the United

*	States of America or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships.

*	or VefieU of War belonging to the faid Government, or any of toe

*	Inhabitants of the faid States having Commiffions or Letters o£

*	Marqoe and Reprizal from the Government of the faid States, and

*	condemned at lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, fuch 4 SbjpcrVe&l being owned by a’.Subjed or Subjeds of the faid 4 States, or any of them, and whereof the Mafter and Three fourths'

*	oi the Mansers are alio Subjeds of the faid States, (hould be al-

4 lowed to dear out from any Part of the United Kingdom for the 4 principal Settlements of the Briti/b Dominions in the Eafl Indies,

therefore wafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majelty, by and with theAdriceanAConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tbkprefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of tie fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all Veffeb built» Veflela hoik in the Countries belonging to the United States of Ante* Jj* Unite* ricot or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Veffels of War belonging to the faid Government, or any of the Inhabitants any *m ^ of the fad States, haring Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Kingdom to tho Rtprizal fm the Government of the faid StateB, and condemned as Eaftlndica. hwful Prise in any Court of Admiralty there, fuch Ship or VelTel bring owned by a Subied or Subjeds of the faid States, or any of them, and whereof the Mafter and Three fourths of the Mariners are aifo Subjeds of the faid States, (hall be allowed to clear out from say Port of the United Kingdom for the following principal Settle* ments of the Briti/b Dominions in the Eafl Indies, videlicet, Calcutta,

Bomb tf», and Prince of Wales's IJland, with any Goods,

Warn or Merchandize which may be legally exported from the United Kingdom to the faid Settlements in Briti/b built Veffels, fub-jeft to the like Rules and Regulations* Reftndions, Penalties and Yorfeitarei as are now by Law impofed upon the Exportation of fob Goods to the (aid Settlements in Briti/b built Ships; any Law*.

Odom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall continue in. Continuawce at force k>lag as the Convention between Hia Majefty and the United.

Stated America (hall continue in force.

K3

CAP.

134

C.32.

56# GEO. IIL

S5 C.J. c.147.

Incumbent with Content of Patron and Bifhop may apply Money arifing from Sale of Timber for or towards Exchange or Pur-chafe of Parl'on-age Houfe or Glebe Lands.

15 0.3. e. 147' i 16.

IBlt’

•	CAP.	LH.

An Aft to amend and render more effeftual an Aft pafTed b the laft Seffion of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Pcrfon to exchange their Parfonage Houfes or Glebe Lands, anc for other Purpofes therein mentioned. [aoth June 1816/ 1

*	TT THE REAS an Aft was paffed in the lad Seffion of Pariia- -

*	VV ment, intituled An Aft for enabling Spiritual Per fans to j i exchange the Parfonage or Glebe Houfes or Glebe Lands belonging

4 to their Benefices for others of greater Value or more conveniently 4 Jituated for their Rejidcncc and Occupation, and for annexing fuch , 4 Houfes and Lands fo taken in Exchange to fuch Benefices as Par~ \ 4 fonage or Glebe Houfes arid Glebe Lands, and for pur chafing and 4 annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain cafes; and for other Pusr- ,

*	pofes: And Whereas it is expedient to authorize the Incumbents 4 of Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, and Parochial Chapelries to apply 4 the Monies arifing from the Sale of any Timber cut from the Glebe 4 or other Lands of their refpeftive Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, or 4 Parochial Chapelries, towards the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be , it enafted by The King's Mod Excellent Maiedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Incumbent of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, with the Confent of the Patron of fuch Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and of the Bifhop of the Diocefe wherein the fame is locally fituate, or of the Archbifhop or Bidtop to yrhom the Peculiars wherein fuch Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry is fituate (hall belong, (fuch Confent to be fignified in manner as in the faid recited Aft is mentioned,) to pay and apply the Monies to arife by Sale of any Timber cut and fold from the Glebe Lands of fuch Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or from any other Land, whether Copyhold, holden under any Manor of fuch Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or otherwife, the Timber whereof belongs to fuch Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, either for Equality of Exchange, or towards and in Part of Equality of Exchange, or for the Price or Purchafe Money, or towards and in Part, of the Price or Purchafe Money of any Houfe, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, or any Lands, or any or either of them, by the faid recited Aft authorized to be taken in Exchange or to be purchafed, and from and after fuch Exchange or Purchafe to be annexed to and to be and become the Parfonage and Glebe Houfe and Glebe Lands and Premifes of fuch Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as in the laid recited Aft is mentioned.

4 II. And Whereas it is by the faid recited Aft enafted, that the 4 Bifhop fhall in cafes of Exchange and Purchafe under thefaid Ad 4 iflue a Commiflion of Inquiry tor the Purpofes therein mentioned,

4 to be direfted to fuch Perfons as are therein described, and of whom 4 One (hall be a Barrifter of Three Years' Standing at the kail, to 4 be named by the Senior Judge of Nifi Prius for the County in

4 sthich

A.D. 1816.

56* GEO. III.

C. 52,56.

1S5

4 which the Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry,

« whereto it (hall be propofed to annex any Buildings or Land by

*	Exchange or Purchale under the laid Ad (hall be fituate ; but in-

•	afinuch as the Nomination of fuch Barrifter by a Judge of Nifi 4 Prims is not applicable to the County Palatine of Cbefler nor to 4 the Principality of Wales? Be it therefore enaded, That where any Exchange or Purchafe (hall be made or be propofed to be made under the Authority of the faid Ad in any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, fituate within the faid County Palatine of Chefier, or within the laid Principality of Wales, fuch Barrifter (hall be named by the Chief Juftice for the time being of the faid County Palatine of Chefier or by the Juftice, or, in cale of his Ab-fence, the other Juftice of the Great Seflions for thofe Counties within the (aid Principality of Wales, within which faid County Palatine or refpedive Counties of the (aid Principality of Wales the laid Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, (hall be fituate*

CAP. LIII.

An AGt to amend and render more effectual Three feveral Ads paffed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth, and Fifty fecond Years of His prefent Maiefty, for enabling the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[20th June 1816.]

•	TX7HEREAS an Ad pafied in the Forty eighth Year of the 4 V V Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for enabling 4 the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant 4 Life Annuities : And Whereas another Ad pafied in the Forty

•	ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend an AB 4 Puff'dtn ^e laft Sejfton of Parliament, for enabling the Commiffioners 4 for the Redudion of the 'National Debt to grant Life Annuities : 4 And Whereas another Ad pafied in the Fifty fecond Year of the

•	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for amending Two 4 ABs pajfed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of His prefent 4 Majefty, for enabling the Commiffioners for the ReduBion of toe Na-4 tional Debt to grant Life Annuities : And Whereas it is expedient

•	that the faid Ads (hould be amended, and further Provifions made 4 for rendering the fame more effedualBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That xt (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners under the faid recited Ads, and they are hereby empowered to accept and receive the Transfer of any Amount not lefs than Four Pounds per Annum ( nor any Fractional Parts of a Pound) of Annuity, commonly diftmguilhed and known by the Name of Long Annuity, in lieu and inftead of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities, under the Provifions, Limitations and Reftridions in the faid recited Ads contained; and the Amount of Long Annuity to be accepted and taken in lieu and inftead of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, for any Life Annuity or Annuities, (hall be afeer-tained and regulated by fuch Prices and Proportions of Long Annuities to be accepted iu lieu of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities,

K *	as

Barrifter directed by recited Ad to be named by Justices of Nifi Prius to be named in Chester and Wales by the Chief Juftice, fcc. there.

48 G. 3. & 143.

49 G.3.C. 64.

53 G. 3. C.IS9.

Commiffioners may accept Long Annuities inftead of 3L per Cents, as the Confideration of Life Annuities.

C. 53.

56° GEO. 111.

A.D. 181

Certificates of Lives of Nominees abroad, required*

Provifot

Identity to be verified by Affidavit or Affirmation.

Any Perfons may purchife Annuities on Lives of Nominees already certified without fretfi Certificates.

Provifa.

as (hall be pnblifhed in the London Gazette by the laid Commiflionei provided that fuch Amount) and any Change thereof, from ti.ne time /hall be publifhed by fuch Commiffioners in the London Gam from time to time, when and fo often as they (hall deem it expeoit and fit.

II.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon who fh. have been named as a Nominee, on the Continuance of whofe Lift* ar Annuity under the faid recited A 61 is to depend, (hall, after his < her Nomination, become refident in any Kingdom or State in Emj in Amity with His Majefty, or if he or (he (hall become refident a any other Kingdom, State or Place beyond the Seas, then and ii every fuch cafe, a Certificate that fuch Nominee was living on tb Day fpecified therein (being fome Day after any Annuity depending upon his or her Life fhall have become due) granted under the Hanc and Seal of the Chief Magiftrate of any City, Town or Place, or any other Wagiftrate ading at the time as fitch, or for and in the Place of any fuch Chief Magiftrate, where fuch Nominee may be then living, (hall be deemed lufficient and effedual for proving the Continuance of the Life of fuch Nominee, under the Provifio.is of the faid recited Ads, and for the Purpofe of enabling the Ptrfon entitled to the Annuity dependant upon the Life of tuch Nominee to receive the fame ; provided no Britijh Minifter or Confui, or Go-vemor or Perfon ading as fuch, (hall be refident in fuch City, Town or Place, although a Britifb Minifter or Confui, or Governor or Per-fon ading as fuch, may be refident in the Kingdom, State or Settlement wherein fuch Nominee (hall be then living, auy thing in the faid Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That to every fuch Certificate as aforefaid there (hall be annexed an Affidavit or folemn Affirmation, made before any Juftice of the Peace or Ma-giftrate in England or Scotland refpeftively, or if in Ireland before One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, by the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Annuity, or by the Perfon applying to receive the fame on his, her or their Behalf, that the Matters contained in fuch Certificate are, to the beft of his or her Belief, true; and that the Perfon deferibed or certified therein is the Nominee or One of the Nominees on whofe Life or Lives the Annuity whereof fuch Half yearly or other Payment (hall be claimed doth depend.

* IV. And Whereas Perfons who have purehafed Annuities under 4 the Provifions of the faid recited Ads, upon the Life or Lives of 4 Nominees, may purchafe further Annuities on the fame Life or 4 Lives, without new Certificates; and it may tend to facilitate the 4 granting Life Annuities under the faid Ad, if other Perfons were 4 alfo allowed to purchafe Annuities upon any fuch Life or Lives,

4 without new CertificatesBe it therefore enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, upon transferring or caufing to be transferred to the faid Commiffioners either Confoliaated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Long Annuities, to purchafe any Anuuitv, or Annuity on the Life of any One Nominee, or on the Lives of any two Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, whofe Age (hall have been already certified and verified under the Provifions of the (laid recited Ads, without any View, or additional Certificate or Certificates of the Age or Ages of fuch Nominee or Nominees; Provided always, that ia every fuch cafe an Affidavit or folemn

Affirmation

A.D. 1816.

S$° GEO. III.

1ST

C.5S, 54, 55.

Affirmation as to the Identity of fuch Nominee or Nominees, (hall be nuik bv the Purchafer ot the Annuity or Annuities, or by fome Perfoo on his or her Behalf, before fuch and the like Perfons as are fperified and required in and by the faid firft recited AA, in cafes wherein Copies of the Birth or Baptifm of any Nominee or Nominees is or are required to be produced under the Provifion of the faid AA, any thing in the faid recited AAs to the contrary not with (landing.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflicners Commiffioners, in any cafe in which any Long Annuity (hall be in'seh®-accepted and taken as the Confideration for any Life Annuity or dule to Firft A& Annuities, in lieu and inftead of Three Pounds ter Centum Confoli- and to cafe* of dated or Reduced Bank Annuities, to ufe for tne Purpofe of carry* Long Annuities ing the faid A As into Execution the Forms of Declarations and bcin3 ** Certificates in the Schedule to the Firft recited AAs annexed, Confideration. with fuch Alterations and Variations as may be neceffary to adapt fuch Forms Co the nature of the cafe, and the Acceptance of Long Annuity as the Confidcrations inftead and in lieu of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, any thing in the faid recited AAs to the contrary uotwithftanding,

CAP. LIV.

An AA for railing the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen.

[20th June 1816.]

44 TREASURY may raife 13,000,000!. by Exchequer Bills, in M manner preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §1. Stat. 48 G. 3. c. I.

extended to tbit A A, § 2. Treafury to apply the Money raifed,

“ § 3. Principal of faid Bills charged on Fim Supplies of next “ Selfion, f 4. Intereft not exceeding 3 2 per Cent• ter Diem, $5.

“ Exchequer Bills may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, after “ April 5, 1817, $6. Bank empowered to advance 9,oootoodi on “ Credit of AA notwithftanding 5 Sc 6 W. 8c M. c. 20. — £7*

“ AA may be altered, amended or repealed this Seifion, § 8.

CAP. LV.

An AA to amend an AA of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for granting the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned j and to enlarge the Powers veiled in the Di-reAors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland.	[20th June 1816.]

•	YT7HEREAS by an A A made in the Parliament of 1reland,

•	VV in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, ^ G.3.C.S1.

*	intituled An AS for granting to His Majcjly the Sum of Five 4 hundred thoufand rounds, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ire-4 land, and for the other Purpofes therein mentioned, and for autho-

*	rixsng the rai/Cng of the laid Sum by Loant it is amongft other 4 things enaAed, that it mould and might be lawful for the Lord 4 Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for

4 tbe

C.5$.'

56° GEO. I».

A.D.181&

is!

■* the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint Five 4 Perfons to be Direftors of ail Works relating to Inland Navig-‘ ation in Ireland, and for the Improvement of the Port and Har-4 hour of Dublin, who fhould have full Power and Authority to ‘ order, direft, regulate and appoint all matters and things what-4 foever, in any manner relating to the making, furthering and com-

*	pleting any Canal and Works relating to Inland Navigation, to-4 wards the defraying of the Expences of which any pumic Money 4 fhould be applied; and it was by the faid recited Aft alfo enafted,

4 that all fuch Inland Navigations as had been, before the paffing of 4 faid Aft, carried on and executed by means of public Grants

*	alone, or by Tolls arifing therefrom, without the Amftance of the 4 private Property of any Individual, and fuch as fhould thereafter

*	be fo carried on, together with all Lands, Tenements, Banks,

4 Backways and every matter and thing appertaining thereto, and 4 all the Funds and Tolls belonging to the fame, fhould be, and the 4 fame were thereby veiled in the laid Direftors, and in fuch Perfon 4 and Perfons as fhould fucceffively be appointed Directors in pur-4 fuauce of the faid Aft : And Whereas feveral Inland Navigations 4 have, by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and otherwife, become 4 veiled in the Direftors appointed under and by virtue of the (aid 4 recited Aft: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the faid recited 4 Aft, and to enlarge the Powers veiled in the faid Direftors, under 4 and by virtue of the faid Aft, and the feveral other Afts of Par-4 liament in Ireland relating to Inland Navigation Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of

Dire&on cm- the f*ne» That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Direftors, powered to make and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time. Bye Laws for and at any Place, to make fuch Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye regulating Navi- £#awSy M to them fhall feem meet and proper, tor regulating the PaflVge of Vef- Conduft of all Officers, Workmen and Servants to be employed Tels thereon, See. by them, and for the well and orderly uling and preferving the feveral Canals and Navigations and Off Branches thereof, which now are or at any time hereafter fhall be veiled in them, and the Banks, Bafons, Refervoirs, Tunnels, Locks, Sluices, Aquedufts and all other Works thereto belonging, and for regulating the paffing and repaffing of all Ships, Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Veffels, *nd the conveying of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities which fhall be navigated or conveyed thereon, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen, Bargemen and others, who fhall navigate fuch Ships, Boats, Barges, Lighters and other VefTels, upon any of the faid Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch thereof, or who fhall be employed in carrying or conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities thereon, and tor the Super-in ten dance and Management of the (aid Canals and Navigations, and the Off Branches thereof refpeftively, in all other Refpefts whatfo-Power to alter	ever ;	and from time to time, and at any Place, to alter or repeal ail

or repeal Bye	or	Qf the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws now in

jmdTo ipfliA	force,	or to be hereafter made refpefting the fame, or any of them.

Fines	and to	make others; and to impole and inffift fuch reafonable Fines

and Forfeitures upon all Perfons offending againff fuch Rules, Or* dtrSf Regulations and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding

the

t0.1*\6.

56* GEO. HI.

C.56.	199

ic Sum five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the faid Di-

efton id fee® meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, Regul- Bye Lews, aj>-

ttrat ad Bye Laws, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall be reduced proved by the

■is Wrmg, sod (hall be fubmitted for the Approbation of the Lord Lof<i

fateoat, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for jufttfLtion to*

jk tsar bang; and when fuch Approbation (hall be fignified, all a|| perfons sd.

pel £aJes, Orders, Regulations and Bye Laws (hall be entered in log thereunder.

t Books or Minutes of the faid Diredors, and (hall be binding

as, and be observed by all Perfons ufmg or in any wife con*

raed or employed in or about the (aid Canals or Navigations, or

y of them, or any Off Branch of any of them ; and (hall be fuffi*

mt in any Coart of Law or Equity to juftify all Perfons who (hall

i under the dune: Provided always, that fuch Rules, Orders, Bye Lews sot

Regulations sod Bye Laws be not contrary to the Laws of that to he contrary

’art of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called

'reload; and provided alfo, that fuch Rules, Orders, Regulations Lan

cd Bye Laws (hall be publifhed at lead Three times in the Dublin PuMMhtd in

rszctUt and alfo in fome Country Newfpaper refpedively, if any

ich Country Newfpaper Audi be publifhed in any County or Town NewfMpe*7

brough which fuch Canals or Navigations, or any Off Branch or ^

Part thereof, (hall have been made or carried; and if no Newfpaper >e poblifted is any County through which the faid Canals or Navig-Ltions, or any Off Branch or Part thereof, (hall have been made or afried, then the (ante (hall be published in the Dublin Gazette alone safbre&id.

IL And be it further ena&ed, That if any Nuifance or Impe- A Continuance iirocnt to any Navigation, or any other Offence againft or Breach of *“y OSFencu of any Rule, Order, Regulation or Bye Law, made or to be made as !gai"ft aforefaid, (haft be continued, or (hall not be abated, removed or dif- a Second Of* coutisued after Notice in Writing figned by the faid Diredors, or fence, by toy of tbar Officers, (hall have been ferved on or left at the ufual Place or Pisces of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons fo continuing fuch Nuifance, Impediment, Offence or Breach, requiring him, her or them to difeontinue the fame, every fuch Continuation (hall be deemed and taken to be a feparate and diftind Offence within the meaning of this Ad; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Diredon to tmpofe and inflid a Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture Penalty, for each and every fuch Continuation.

III. And be * further enaded, That when and as often as any Power to feixe » Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, (hall Jl,d dcta*n Vef~ be incurred by reafbn of any Offence or Breach of any Rule, Order 7T Regulation of the faid Diredors, or by reafon of any Bye and Eiponceacf Law to be made by the faid Diredors, under and by virtue of the DiftreO*

Powers by this Ad veiled in them for that Purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Diredors, their Officers and Servants, or any of them, to feize, detain and withhold, by way of Diftrefs, an Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Veffel, and any Goods, Wares,

Vitnhaadize or Commodities in the Poffeifion or under the Care or Mangement of the Perfon or Perfons incurring fuch Penalty, Fine or iochkaR; and if fuch Diftrefo'ffiall not be redeemed, by paying Tf Diftrefs not every (ach Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, together with the reafon- redeemed within able andmeefiary Charges for fuch diftraining, within Sixteen Days	Two

tketAkg AereoT, H Ml and nay be lawful to and for any Two or more at His Majcfty’s Junices of the Peace of the County in warrant tor Sale

which thereof^

C.55.

GEO. III.

A.D.1S16.

or t fufficient Part, to fatisfy Penalty and Charges.

Overplus (If any) to Owner.

No Replevin.

All Floats, Rafts, or Timber put on Navi, gat ions without PermiflSon of Directors, or not being on board Boar, Lighter, &c. forfeited to Ufe of Diredors.

leisure.

Ships, Boats or Veffel* found funk or damaging the Work of Navigations detained,

until Expencet of railing, See. arid repairing Damages paid $

which fuch Diftrefs (hall be made, and they are hereby required, on Information on Oath being made before them of the Detention of fuch Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Veffel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, and of the Impofition of fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture as aforefaid, and that tne fame had not been redeemed as aforefaid, to iffue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to fome High or Petty Conftable of the faid County, to levy the Amount of every fuch Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, by Sale of the faid Diftrefs ; and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Conftable to fell the faid Diftrefs, or a fufficient Pan thereof, for Satisfaction and Payment of every fuch Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, and of the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, paying the Oveiplus {if any) to the Owner or Owners, or Prrfon or Per-fons having tne Care or Management of the Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Veffel, or of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities fo diftrained, and reftoring to the faid Owner or Owners, Perfon or Perfons aforefaid, fuch Parts of the Property diftrained as (hall remain unfold (if any); and that no Replevin (hall lie, or be granted or executed again ft fuch Diftrefs $ and the abfolute Property of every Thing (o fold (hall be and remain in the Purchafer thereof.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the paffing of this ACl no Perfon or Perfons (hall, on any Pretence whatfoever, float, navigate or put any Raft of Timber, Planks, Board or Boards, or any Log or Logs of Timber, or Beam or Beams, Plank or Planks, or Board or Boards, not being on board a Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Veffel, in or upon any Canal or Navigation, now veiled or which (hall hereafter be vefted in the faid Directors, or any Off Branch thereof, without the Permiffion of the faid Directors for that Purpofe firft had and obtained in Writing; and that every Raft, Log or Piece of Timber, Plank, Beam and Board, whicn 1 (hall at any time hereafter be floated, navigated or put in or upon any fuch Canal or Navigation, or any Off Branch thereof, not 1 being on board a Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Veffel, without j fuch Permiffion as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited and become the Property of the faid Directors General, to be by them applied or dif-pofed of for the Ufe of fuch Navigation ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Directors and their Servants to feize | and take the fame to and for the Ufe of the faid Directors, to be applied or difpofed of as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That if any Ship, Boat, Lighter, i JJarge or Veffel (hall in any manner damage, injure or deftroy any I Part of any Caual or Navigation, or Off Branch thereof, or be found funk in any Canal or Navigation now vefted, or which at any time hereafter (hall be vefted in the faid Directors, or in any Oft | Branch or Supply Cut of the fame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Directors, and their Officers and Servants, to detain | every fuch Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge and Veffel, and to keep and detain the fame, and all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commo- | dities found on board the fame, until the reafonable Cofts and Ex-pences of weighing and railing the fame refpeCtively, and of repairing the Damage which the faid Canal or Navigation, or Off Branch or Supply Cut, mav have fu (tamed thereby, (hall be paid and iatisfied to the Collector of Tolls to the faid Directors; ana in cafe

any

56* GEO. Ill

C.55.

141

VD.mft.

ey Dibs* or Difirrroce fhall arife touching the Amount of the tod Ccmod Expence*, then until fuch Sum of Money as any One •f Hi* J&jrfty's indices of the Peace for the County in which the WiSfcy, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vefiel (hall be detained, (hall,

S’ bu Hand and Seal, award and adjudge to be paid for fuch sod Ex pence*, /hall be paid and fatitfied to the faid Colle&or.

. FI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Ship, Boat, &hter, Barge or Vefiel, Goods, Ware*, Merchandize* or Commo-Aks fo detained as aforefaid, (hall not be claimed by or on behalf if the Owner or Owners thereof, or in cafe the Coft* and Expence* rfbrefaid ball not be paid as aforefaid, within Twenty one Day* after the (aid Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vefiel (hall be detained as aforefaid, it (kail and may be lawful to and for any One of His Maje&y*! Jnfbces of the Peace within hi* Jurifdi&ion, and he is hereby required, on Information on Oath made before him, that fuch Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vefiel, Good*, Ware*, Merchandizes and Commodities, have been feized and detained, at aforefaid, and not claimed within the time aforefaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direded to fome High or Petty Confiable of the faid County, to order and require the faid Conftable to fell the faid Ship, Boat, lighter, Barge or Vefiel, Goods, Wares, Merchandize* and Commodities, by public Cant or Au&ion, to the higheft and bed Bidder for the fame (which faid Sale the faid Conftable is hereby Ikmfed, authorized, required and empowered to make, without obtaining any Licence as an Au&ioneer); and the faid Conftable (hall, oat of the Produce of fuch Sale, pay the aforefaid Coft* and Expences to the faid Colleger of Tolls of the faid Dire&ors; and pay over the Refidoe of the faid Produce, after deducting the Expences of fadh Notices and Sale, to the Owner and Owners of the faid Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge or Vefiel, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities; or in cafe fuch Owner or Owners fkall sot be known to the faid Conftable, then to pay over the faid Refidne to the (aid Jnftioe of the Peace for the Ule of fuch Owner or Owners.

‘ VII. And Whereas in many Places the Boundaries and Mearings ‘ between the Bank* of feveral Canals and Navigations, or the Off * Branches thereof, and the adjoining Lands, have, through Lapfe * of time and the Negle& of the Perfons in whom the faid Canals 4 and Navigations and Off Branches thereof have been veiled, been 4 effaced and deftroyed, fo as that the fame cannot now be traced 4 and afcertained; and it is neceffary for the Prefervation of the faid 4 Canals and Navigations and Off Branches thereof, that the Banks 1 he fenced in and inclofed from the adjoining LandsBe it there • fare declared and enabled, That in all cafes where there is no Boundary or Mearing between any Part of the Bank of any Canal or Navigation and Off Branches thereof, and the adjoining Land, it Sufi and may he lawful to and for the faid Dire&ors as to any* Canals or Navigations which are or may become veiled in them ; and dk for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of ay ether Canal or Navigation in Ireland, with refpe& to fuch Canals oc^ngations refpe&vely as are not or (hall not be vetted in the faid Dtrt&go, to fence in and indofe fuch Part of any fuch Bank, provided the Breadth of the Bank fo fenced in and inclofed (hall not need Treaty ow Feet from the Edge of the Water of the faid

Canal

in cafe of Dif-pute, until Sum awaided by Justice paid, Veffel detained.

Vefiel* may bo (old, under Warrant of Juftice, by a ConHaWo, though not a licenfod Auctioneer.

Expences paid out uf Produce of Sale. Refidue to Owner.

Where no

Boundary, Directors may fence in and indofe Banks.

Not to exceed si Feet to Breadth.

56° GEO. III.



Dire&ort, Surveyors, Engineers, kc. may enter upon Lands for Purposes of furvey-ing and laying out new Lines of Navigation.

Swine found on Canal Banks may be feizedf killed or carried away, if not under the Care of a Driver, &c.

Power to fue for Damages done . to Navigations, to be presented by Grand Juries, and raifed off County, Barony or Town, as Grand Juries may think 6U

C. 55#

A.D.1S16.

Canal or Navigation or Off Branch, including the Ditch or Fence by which the fame (hall be inclofed as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawfnl to and for the faid Directors, and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers of the faid Directors, and for any other Perlon or Perfons employed for that Purpofe, and their Servants and Attendants, to furvey, meafure, take Levels, and lay out any Line intended for a new Canal or Navigation, Off Branch or Cut, or for the altering, widening, extending or improving of any exifting Canal or Navigation, Off Branch or Cut, or for any Works relating to Inland Navigation ; and for that Purpofe to enter upon, traverle and pafs and repafs through and over any Lands or Grounds, and to do all other matters and things neceffary for the Purpofes aforefaid, without being deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, and without being liable to any ObftruCtion whatever; provided fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, Engineer or Engineers, Perlon or Perfons, (hall be accompanied by One or more of the faid Directors, or (hall produce (if demanded) a Certificate in Writing under the Hands of the faid Directors, or under the Hand of their Secretary for the time being, that he or they is or are employed by the faid Dire&ors for that Purpofe.

IX.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for the faid DittCtors, and alfo for all and every Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any other Canal or Inland Navigation in Ireland, whenever they (hall deem it expedient or neceffary fo to do, to iffue Orders in Writing under their Hand and Seal to the feveral Lock Keepers and other Officers of the feveral Navigations, now vefted or hereafter to be* come vefted in them the faid Directors, or in any fuch Company of Undertakers or Proprietors, to feize, kill, or carry away, and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Lock Keepers and other Officers, when fo thereunto ordered, to feize, kill and carry away all Swine found roaming at large on any Part of the Banks of any Canal or Navigation or Off Branch thereof, vefted or to be vefted in the faid Directors, or in any fuch Company of Undertakers or Proprietors, unlefs fuch Swine (hall have One or more Driver or Drivers attending on, or Perfon or Perfons in charge of them, who (hall be actually driving the fame, and who (hall prevent them from doing Mifchief to or injuring any fuch Navigation, or unkfs fuch Swine (hall have Iron Rings or Staples in their Nofes.

* X. And Whereas the Banks, Locks and other Works as well c of the feveral Canals and Navigations vefted in the faid Director*

<	as of other Canals and Navigations in Ireland have frequently been

<	malicioufly, wantonly or intentionally damaged and deftroyed; and ‘ it has been found very difficult by Means of Rewards or otberwife

<	to difeover and bring to Punimment the Perfons guilty of fuch * Offences;’ Be it therefore enaCted, That when and as often as any Bank, Gate, Lock, Sluice, Bridge, Dam or other Work belonging to any Canal or Navigation now* vefted or hereafter to be vefted in the faid Directors, or belonging to any other Canal or Navigation in Ireland, or any Off Branch or Cut of any fuch Canal or Navigation refpeCtively, (hall be malicioufly, wantonly or intentionally damaged, injured or deftroyed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Directors with refpeCt to fuch Canals and Navigations as are or#

16	nay

S6° GEO. ni.

C.5S.

14#

®ay be vdW in then, and alfo for all and every Company of Un* pemkm or Proprietor* of any other Canal or Inland Navigation in Jr dad, rid) refpcd to fuch Canals or Navigations refpedively at vest or dull not be vefted in the faid Diredors, to iue for and rer SatahSdoa and Amends for the Injury, Loft or Damage fo its aforefaid, at the next Affizes to be held for the County where \ Offence was committed, by prefenting a Petition to the Grand ry impancdled and fworn at fuch Affixes, praying fuch Satisfa&ioa 1 Amends, and fetting forth the Extent and Amount of the In-y, Lo(s and Damage done at aforefaid, and proving to the Satiation of the Cud Grand Jury, that fuch Injuries and Damages were ilicioufly, wantonly or intentionally done at aforefaid, and the Extent and Amount thereof; and thereupon the faid Grand Jury Prefentment by (hail, and they sue hereby required to prelent fuch Sum or Sums of Grand Jury. Money a flail be fuffident to repair and make good the Loft, Injury and Damage fo done as aforefaid, to be raifed either on the County ar large or on the Barony or Baronies, Town or Towns in or near to which fuch Injury or Damage fhall have been committed, or any cf them, and in fuch Proportions as they (hall think fit; which How levied. Sums, fo prefented as aforefaid, fhall be applotted, levied, and raifed, by fuch Way* and Means, and in fuch Manner and Form as Money prefented at the Affizes (hall be applotted, levied, and raifed within fuch County, pnrfoant to the Laws now in force, and fhall be paid orer to the faid Diredors.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Notice °fpf-Dirt&on or the Company of Undertakers or Proprietors of any	DwT

Canal or Navigation not veiled in the faid Diredors, or fome Perfon to* High Conor Perfoss on their Behalf refpedively, fhall within Ten Days next fUble, fee. after fodb Injury and Damage done and committed as aforefaid, give Notice of fuch Injury and Damage to the High ConAable of the Barony, and to the Churchwardens of the Panfh where fuch Fad /hall be aBedged to have been committed, if fuch High Con liable and Churchwardeus HuB refpedively refide in fuch Barony and Parifh ; and if no High Cosffable or Churchwardens fhall refide in fuch Barony or Panih refpedively, then to Two or more Inhabitants of fuch Barony or Panfh: Provided alfb, that if fuch Fad fhall be In what cafe committed fo near the time of holding the next Affizes, that Notice Petition cannot be riven before the Firft Day of fuch Affizes, according to Pref«red and the DireAou of this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Am*e* next* but Diretlors or Company, or Proprietors, as the cafe may be, to one< prefer their Petition, and obtain fuch Prefentment at the next enfuing Affixes after fuch due Notice fhall be given as aforefaid.

XIL Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That if any Perfon or Traverfe whew Perioa* fhall find himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Sum prefented fuch Prefentment, fuch Perfon or Perfons, in cafe the Sum prefented *hall exceed 50!. to be raifed (hall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, but not otherwise,

(hall or may at the faid Affizes traverfe fuch Prefentment, which

Traverfe (hall be tried at the fame or the next enfuing Affizes, as the

hdge or Judges who fhall allow the fame fhall think fit; and if on

fech Traverfe, the Iffue fhall be found for the Traverfer, fuch

Pirientnent fhall be difcharged, otherwife the fame fhall be final and

cosdarit to all Per foot: Provided alfo, that no fuch Prefentment Certiorari.

lhafl any time be removed by Certiorari, nor fhall the railing the Profecution de-

Modgj tknby prefented be otherwife delayed than by fuch Traverfe lay-by T»-

M Verft*

C.5S.

56* GEO. III.

Monies prefent-cd not levied till after Affixes en-fuing thofe at which Prefent-ment made.

Public Bodies and all Individuals, dibbled in Law, empowered to fell Grounds to Directors;

and Indemnified for what they ihall do in fuch Sales. .

Bonn of Conveyance.

A.D.1816*

as aforefaid, and that for fuch time only as (hall be neeeffary for the Trial of fuch Traverfe; nor (hall any fuch Prefentment be at any time quaflied for any Informality, Imperfedion or Defed in Form whatfoever.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That the Sum or Sums of Money fo prefen ted as aforefaid, (hall not be raifed or levied until after the Aflizes next enfuing the Aflizes at which the fame (hall be prefented as aforefaid; and that in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have committed any fuch Injury or Damage, or any of them, (hall be convided of fuch Offence, then and in fuch cafe no Sum of Money (hall be raifed or levied in purfuance of any fuch Prefentment ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Ecclefiaftical Perfons, Tenants in Tail, Tenants for Life, Hufbands feized in Right of their Wives, Married Women, Guardians, Truftees and Feoffees in Truft, Committees of Lunatics and Infane Perfons, Executors and Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons whomfoever, not only on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of thofe for whom they are Truftees or Guardians, whether Infants, IfTue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Married Women or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all Married Women who are or (hall be feized, poffeffed of, or interefted, in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Intereft, and for every Perfon and rerfons who is, are or (hall be in any Way feifed, poffeffed of, or interefted in any Lands, Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the faid Directors (hall at any time think neceffary to occupy, ufe or take in, for the Purpofe of making, enlarging, altering, widening or extending any Canal or Navigation, or any Off Branch or Supply Cut, or any Works thereunto belonging, to contract and agree (or, fell and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the faid Diredors ; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Ecclefiaftical and other Perfons aforefaid, fo conveying as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified for fuch Ads as thev (hall refpedively do in relation to any fuch Sale which he, (he or they, or any of them, (hall make by virtue and in purfuance of this Ad; and all fuch Contrads, Sales, Conveyances, and Affurances of any Lands, Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments, (hall be made to the faid Diredors according to the form following; (tvidelicet)

*	T A* B. of	in Confideration of

*	the Sum of	to	me	paid	by	the

*	Diredors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland*

*	do hereby grant, convey and difpofe of, to the (aid Diredors, all

*	that and thofe [here defcrlbe the Premifes to be conveyed] as marked

*	and deferibed in the Map or Survey hereunto annexed, and all my

*	Right, Title and Intereft in and to the fame, and every Part

*	thereof, to hold to the faid Diredors and their Succeffors in the

*	fame manner as 1 hold or might have held the fame, for ever, by

*	virtue of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Ad

*	of Parliament paffed in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His

*	prefent Majefty, intituled [here infert the Title of tbu ASA In

A.D. WHS.

se* GEO. HI.

C. W



*	Witatittrbertof I have hereunto.fet mj Hand.and.Seal, thu

*	Day	of	in the Year of our

‘ Lord One thoufand eight hundred

A memorial of which laid Conveyance (hall be duly prepared and Memorial of Li_j ■	 e_________•__tv_______.1 urn *	_r Conveyance

Wged in the Office for regiftering Deeds and Wills in the City of

Dublin; and fuch Conveyance (hall have Effect and be valid and try!Office in8 *

effe&oal to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Perfon or Perfons fo Dublin, conveying had conveyed the .Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premifes therein mentioned, by Fine or Common Recovery, or any formal Conveyance thereof, made and executed according to Law, and the fame (hall pads thereby and be veiled accordingly ; and that Such Convey-any fuch Conveyance, executed and regiftered as aforefaid by any an5* " ** Tenant for Life in Pofieffion of the Lands, Tenements, Heredit- J 8ccord-aments and Premifes therein meutioned, (hall be binding and con- ingtoLawiof ciofive againfl every Perfon claiming any Eftate in the Lands, Ireland. Tenements, Hereditaments or Premifes, in Remainder after fuch Tenant for Life, as if the Perfon or Perfons fo in Remainder had executed the fame.

XV.	And be it further enabled. That the Rcgiftrar or Deputy Attefted Copy

Regiftrar of the laid Regiftry Office (hall, from time to time when j* required, deliver an attefted Copy or Copies .of fuch Memorial or	Bfi*

Memorials to any Perfon or Perfons requiring the fame; which faid

attefted Copy or Copies (hall be admitted and received as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland*

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Money (hall be Application of

paid or agreed to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tene- Compenlatkm if ments or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the	to

Powers of this A€t for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to

any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trail, Execptor, Adxmniftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee or other Trailer, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot,

Feme Covert, or other Ceftuique Trail, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in Arid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatsoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in Ireland, -to be placed to his Account there. u Ex parte the Dire&ors of In-“ land Navigation in Ireland” to the Intent that fuch Money (hall * be applied, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the (aid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Difcharge of any Debt or Debts or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the (aid Court (hall authorize to be paid affe&ing the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or ane&ing other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments * fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or

; or where fuch Monty (hall not. be fo applied, then the In whit cafe hid fame (hall be laid out and invefted, under the like Direction and out tn purchaf« Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, of &c«. Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, kbd the like Ufes, Trafts, Intents and Purpofes,

L

and



Until Purchife, Money in veiled in Government Securities.

Applicatloa of Compen&tion if left then sool sad equal to and exceeding to).

Application of Compenfktion if le(a than tol

In cafe of not making odt Titles.

0.15.	86°	CEO.	HI.	A.D.181S.

and in the fame ifiiftner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fliali be To purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement ifhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Efe&; and in the mean tune and until fuch Pnrchafe &aU be made, the faid Money (haH by Order of the laid Court, upon Application thereto, be tntefled by the laid Accountant General in 'his Name, in the Pnrchafe of Government Securities $ and in the mean time, and until the laid Government Securities (hall be ordered by the 'fpid Coart to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of fuch Government Securities lhaQ from time to time be paid by Order of the faid Coort, to the Perfbn or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo dire&ed to be purchafed by virtue of this Alt, in cafe fuch Pur-chafe or Settlement were made.

XVTI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Money fo agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belongingto any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Pferfons under any Difebility or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be left than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to die Rents and Profits of die Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland* and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, m order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or otherwife the feme (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the feid Directors of Inland Navigation m Inland (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where fuch Money fo agreed to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Alt; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committals, to andfor the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedtively.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have agreed to receive any Sum or Sums of Money for the Parchafe of tiny Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments



S6°GEO.IIL

C-56+



menu to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the faaje, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the P re mile# to the Satisfaction of the Oud Direftori, then and in every fuch cafe Purcfctfe k (ha11 and may be lawful to and for the (aid Direftors to order fuch	"5°

Sum or Sumi of Money to be paid into the Bapk of Ireland\ in *ank« the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the laid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments XjUfcribmg /Atis], fubjeft to the Order, Controul and Dif- fufcjsfttp Order petition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of of the Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making w **?C<,V* Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by am, . Motion or .Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court t(hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Edates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall feem juft and reasonable; and the Cafliier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Ireland, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby reqnired to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufa the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (h^ll pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any fD whit cafes on Question (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money Queftiou touch-to be paid into the Bank of Ireland\ in ine Name and with the in8 Title to jPrivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in	^

pursuance of this A ft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Teny- JjJo be in** .meats, qr Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft \n Pofleflion of the any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in pur- Lands, &c at fuauce of this Aft, or to any Government Securities to be pur- die time of foch chafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any ^urch*£jdeein“ fuch Government Securities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have	tccoftj.

been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements pr Hereditaments at iog to fuch the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Per- Pofleffien. ion or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons,

(hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuqh Landh Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Intereft of fuch Government Securities, and alfo the Capital of fuch Government Securities,

.(Ml be paid, applied, and difpoled of accordingly; unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofifc/Soo, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein-

XXL Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by Court ofCbaa-reafjpnof any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or eery may oriw Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Eapencea of to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money far die fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court * of Chancery, tad to be applied to the Purchafe of other Lands,

La*	Tenements

itt “C. 55,56.	56° GEO. III.	AiDl	181&

Tenements or llereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pur-Tuance of this AA, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid <.*	Court	of	Chancery	to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time

to time to be made in purfuance of this AA, or fo much of fuch *Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid DireAors out of the Monies to be received by virtue or this AA, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch ? , .	Purpofes	as the laid Court fhall direA.

General Ifliie. XXII. And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon fhall be ~.	fued	or	impleaded	for or by reafon of any thing done under or by

■virtue of any Powers given by this AA, or under or by virtue of .any Rule, Order, Regulation, or Bye Law, made or hereafter to be made by the faid DireAors as aforelaid, fuch Perfon may plead the General Iffue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

:	CAP.	LVI.

i An AA to repeal the Several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and alfo ' Several AAs for the ColleAion and Management of the faid Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effeAual Regulations for colleAing and managing the faid Duties.	[20th	June 1816.]

55 G.3- <• 7®* 4 TTTHEREAS an AA was palled in the Fifty fifth Year of 4 W His prefentMajefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to repeal the * feveral Duties under the Cart of tie Commiffioners for managing tie 4 Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lien thereof: 55 G. 3« c* 79* 4 And Whereas another A A was paffed in the faid Year, intituled ( An AS to regulate the ColleSion and Management of the Stamp 1 Duties on Law Proceedings, Attomiesy Solicitors ^ ProSorty and 4 Corporate Officers in Ireland: And Whereas another AA was 4 pafled in the faid Year, intituled An AS to repeal the feveral ASs 4 for the ColleSion and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and 4 to male more effeSual Regulations for coUeSing and managing the 14 faid Duties in general: And Whereas it is expedient that the find 4 recited AAs mould be repealed, and that other and increafed 4 Duties of Stamps Ihould be granted in lieu of the Duties afbre-4 faid, and that the Regulations hereinafter contained Ihould be 4 eftabliftied for the ColleAion and Management of all Stamp Duties

*	in Ireland:9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ’ enaAed ; and be it enaAed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty,

by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prcfent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Commencement of this AA, the faid recited AAs, and all Duties by the laid AAs, or any of them, granted or impofed, and all Allowances in refpeA of the faid Duties, and all Regulations contained in the find AAs for colleAing or enforcing of the faid Duties, or any of them, except as to the	(hall be and the lame are hereby repealed; fave and except fo far

•Recovery-of	as the faid AAs, or anyt of them, repeal any former A A or AAs of

Amaa,fcc,	Parliament, or any Claufe, matter orbiting therein contained ; and

<	fave as to the railing, recovering, aDowing or paying, alter the

.......	Commencement of fhif A A, of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances

#	under the faid AAs, br any of tl^em, or any other AA or AAs of ’ Parliament which fhtdt then remam uilrepealed; and .feve-at to any

55	c.8i.

Recited AAs repealed.

50° GEO. UK'.

G6*>

1*9.

A.D.1B16.

Proceeding commenced or to be commenced in. any Court, Civil or.

Criminal, or other wife, again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any Fine,

Penalty, Forfeiture or Puuifhment for or in refpeft of any Crime, or Offence committed or to be committed, before the Commence* meat of this Aft, againft the faid Afts, or any of them, or any other A ft or Afts of Parliament in any wife relating to the Cof-ie&on or Management of Stamp Duties, which, if committed after the Commencement of this Aft, would under the Provifions thereof, or of fuch other Aft or Afts as aforefaid, fubjeft the Offender to the fame or a. greater Fine, Forfeiture, Penalty or- Punifhment re-fpeftively.

II.	A$d be it further enafted. That from and after the Com- Duties fpsdfcP mencement of this Aft, in. lieu and indead of the Duties and. Allow- “ SchwM**"-ances by this Aft repealed, there fhall be granted, railed, levied,. ^ collefted and paid, m Inland, unto his Majefty, his Heirs and Allowances Succeflbrs, for and in refpeft of the fereral Inftruments, Articles, therein defcribed matters and things mentioned, enumerated and defcribed in the mad*

Schedule to dhis Aft annexed, the feveral Sums of Money and Duties 3* they are refpeftively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in Words and Figures in the faid Schedule, and .in each and every Part thereof and that there (hall be allowed and paid for or in refpeftof all fuch* Articles,.mattero or things as are inlerted, enumerated and defcribed in the (aid Schedule in tout Behalf, the feveral Allowances inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the laid Schedule and that no Sum or.

Sums of Money fhall'be paid or given in the nature of Difcount or Allowance on the Purchafe of Stamps,.other than fuch as is and are exprefied and direfted in the faid Schedule,, any thing in any former Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstandingand that the laid Schedule and every Claufe, Regulation, matter and. thing therein refpeftively contained, fhall be deemed, .taken and co&hdered as Part of this A ft.

Ill- Provided always,, and he. it enafted. That in all cafes where Bond^Stc. now any Bond, Receipt, Deed.or Inftrument of any Nature or Kind, «xen,Pt«[from whatever, is exprefsly exempted from any Stamp Duty, by any Act	fay	t°

or Afts in force at the time of the palling of this Aft, and not exprefsly repealed by this Aft or. any other Aft, every fuch Bond,

Receipt, Deed or Inftrument (hall remain fo exempted, and fhall not be charged or chargeable with any Sump Duty in this Aft or the Schedule thereto annexed, any thing in this Aft or in the (aid Schedule to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding. ■	i

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties and Al* Duties under lowances by this Aft and the Schedule thereto annexed granted and Minagement of made payable fhalL he under the Government, Care and Management

of the CommifBooers of Stamps in Ireland for the time being ; and that the faid Duties^ and all other Dudes which fhall from time to time be under the Care of. the Commifiioners of Stamps in Ireland* fhall be denominated and be deemed and taken to be Stamp Duties.

V.	And be it further enafted. That the Duties and Allowances Dudes paid in by this Aft granted and made payable, and all Stamp Dutiea which Britifli Cur- ^ ftall be from dme to dme payable in frelattdi and as to which it f&all *fncJ*exce?' not he exprefsly otherwife provided, fhall be paid and payable ac- ^ orbetwee* cording to the Amount thereof in Britijb Currency, except only fuch 6<L tod xs.

of the fry Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sum of Sixpence and the Sum of One Shilling ; and which faid Di^

-	-	* t 3	‘	tiea

C. 56.

5& GEd. III.

Duties paid to the Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer of Ireland.

Accounts of _ Part of certain Duties on the Admidion of Students to Inns of Court, &c to be kept i'cp^rate, end paid over to Treafurer.

‘Appointment of Commiffioners.

Oath.

A. 0.1816.

ties (hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Irtjb Currency: Provided always, that in all cafes where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in refpe& thereof, are direfted to be afcertained by the Amount of any Sum referred to in refpeA whereof fuch Doties arc nnpofed, fuch Amount fo referred to (hall be taken and deemed to be, and (hall be computed in Irxjb Currency.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Monies arifing by the feveral Stamp Duties in Ireland (hall be paid from time to time by the feveral Diftributora of Stamps in Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the time being in Ireland, and to no other Perfon whatever, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom t* the contrary notwithftan ding; and the faid Receiver General (hall pay the fame (the neceflary Charges of railing, paying and accounting for the feme being dedu&ed) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of I+e-Iandf at fufch times and in fuch manner as is or (hall be from time to time by Law dhre&ed concerning the feveral Stamp Duties in Ireland, and all Money fo paid into the faid Receipt (hall be carried to and made Part of the faid Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Commiffioners of Stamps in Ireland (hall caufe to be kept a diftinft Account of the Sum of Ten Pounds (Part of the Duty of Thirty Pounds, in the faid Schedule mentioned, on the Adxnifnon of any Student into the Society of King’s Inns, and of Thirty Pounds on the Admiffion of any Perfon to the Degree of a Barrifter in the Inns of Court) ; and of the Snm of Seven Pounds (Part of the Duty of Fifty Pounds, in the faid Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney) \ and that the Receiver General of Stamp Duties (hall pay the fame at the Receipt of His Majefty*s Exchequer in Irelands and the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, or the Commiffioners for executing the feid Office for the time being, (hall caufe the faid refoedive Parts of the faid refpedive Duties of Thirty Pounds, and Thirty Pounds, and Fifty Pounds to be paid to the Treafurer of the feid Society of King’s Inns, to be applied by him in fuch manner as (haH be direded by the feid Society.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That His Majefty, or die Lord Lieutenant, oV other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall have Power from time to time and Xt all times to appoint Commiffioners for the ftamping and marking Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the StampDuties in Ireland, and that the laid Commiffioners mil be called “ The Commiffioners of Stamps in Ireland and that the faid Commiffioners, with die Confent and Approbation of His Majefty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Cbief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall have Power under their Hands and Seals to appoint fuch inferior Officers fa their Department as they (hall from time to time think proper; and that every Commiffioner, or other Officer fo appointed, before be (hail proceed to the Execution of His Office under fuch Appointment, (hall take and ftxbfcribe the following Oath; (that is to fey),

4 T A. B. do fwear, That I will, during my Continuance in the 4 Office of	faithfully execute the Truft com-

4 raitted to me therein without Fraud or Concealment; and that I 4 will from time to time true Account make of all fuch A€t$ as I 4 (hall do therein, and deliver the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfoos as < His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or the Lord Lieutenant or 14	4	other

A.D.IS1*

Sr GEO. lit

G 5*

m

•	other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland lor the time being* c bath or have appointed or hereafter (hall appoint to receive fuck

•	Account ; and that I will take no Fee, Reward or Profit, for the

•	Execution or Performance of the {aid Truft, or the Bufinefs relat-4 kg thereto, from any Perfon or Perfoas other than fuch aa (hall 4 be paid and allowed by His Majefty,, his Heirs or Succefiors, or * he fuck Perfon or Perfoos for that Purpofe authorized by His 4 Majefty, bis Heirs or Succefiors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or 4 other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

* So help me GOD**

And fuck Oath (hall and may ho adtaimftered to any fuch Commif- By whom si. Boner or Comasiffioners by the Chancellor, Treafurer, Lord Chief Baras or any other of the Barons of His MajeAy’s Court of Exchequer in Inland, or in their Abfeace by aav of the Juftices of any of His Mapfty’a foperior Courts of Record in Dublin j which laid Chancellor, Treasurer, Banins and Juftices are hereby refpcAively required and empowered to adminifter fuch Oath j and any One of die faad Commiffiobcrs or any Juftke of the Peace in Ireland, within his proper JmifdS&kn, (hall and may adminifter the like Oath to any of die inferior Officers afore&id.

IX.	And be k further eaaffitd, That in all cafes in which it (hall Three Commit* not be otberwife dire&ed or provided by any AA or A As of Parlia- fionen empow-ment, all and every Right, Power and Authority, which from time tred 10 to time (hall be veiled in the (aid Conumffioners, (hall and may be nfed and exerdfed by any Three or more of the laid Commiflioners, as folly aad effe&udly to all Intents and Purpofes as the fame could be ufed or exercifed by all the faid Cbmmiffionera for the time being j and that att and every Powers and Authorities veiled in any Com-miffionors of Stamp Duties, or in any Commiflioners for ftaxhping Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under whatsoever Name or Title by any AA not hereby repealed, /hall be veiled in the faid Commife fionera under this AA to all Intents and Purpofes.

L Provided always, and be it enaAed, That nothing in this AA Aa not contained ffiaR afieA or be conftroed to afieA an A A pafied in /re- the Aa of land in the Twenty firft and Twenty fecond Years of His Majefty** 21 * M ***' Reign, nfeikd AS to regulate the Qualification* of Perfone afr pointed in Office* *» tine Kingdom, wherein Two or more Grantees aS under me Grant, Commifion or Appointment, but that the faid AA and every Part thereof matt remain in full force as if thin AA had not been pafied.

XI.	And be k further enaAed, That the feveral Commiflioners Comafffioaert and inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or damp- Officer* now ing of Vettnm, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties “ Office to coo-thereupoa, and now aAnally holding and exerrifing fuch Offices re- uaue to IjpcAively, (ball continue to a A in the feveral Offices to which they have been £o appointed, in like manner, with the feme Powers and Authorities, and fubjeA to foch ReftriAions and Limitations as if appointed mid from under this- AA; and that every (boh Com* nuffioner now appointed or hereafter to be appointed (hall continue to bold and exercife his (kid Office until be maR die, refign or be moved therefrom by His Majefty, his Heirs or Succefiors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of /o ' land foe the W* being p and that every fuch inferior Officer now appointed or luuraftri ts be appointed Audi continue to hold aad

L*	exercife

isr

Where Right of Commiffioner*, fee. of executing any Duty is queftioned, Proof that they are fo reputed fufficient.

Salaries paid.

Rules obferved in Execution of

a a.

Office kept in Dublin.

CoxnmiQioners empowered to adminifter Oaths,

*

C. 56.	B6*GbOAIt.-A.D.-161&

Cxercife his faid Office until he (hall die, refign or be removed therefrom by the faid Commiffioners, with the Confent and Approbation of His Maiefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Cnief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XI f. And be it further enafted, That if in any Court whatsoever, on any Indi&ment, Information, Trial, Proceeding or Occafion what foe ver, and whoever fhall be the Parties therein, any Queftion (hall arife concerning the Right or Title of the faid Commiffioners Or inferior Officers, or any of them, or of any Perfon or Perfons appointed or to be appointed by the faid Commiffioners for the Purpofe of executing any Duty whatsoever under any A & impofing any Stamp Duty or regulating the Colle&ion or Management of any fuch Duty, to hold, exercife or enjoy the faid Offices, or to execute; fuch Duty refpe&ively, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be fufficient to prove that fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners or inferior Officer or Officers, or Perfon or Perlbns, were or was at the time in queftion commonly reputed to be fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners, or Officer or Officers, or fo appointed or authorized refpe&ively, without producing any Patent, Appointment dr Com-million, and without giving any Evidence of having performed the feveral Requifites prescribed by Law to enable them to execute the faid Offices or Duties refpe&ively, or any of the faid Requifites*

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeftors, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which, (hall from time to time be payable in Ireland, to cauie fuch Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to time for Salaries, and for incident Charges, as (hall be neceffary in and for the receiving, colle&ing and levying or managing of the hud Duties, any thing in this or any other A€t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners or other Officers heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforefaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed or entruffced by or under them as aforefaid, (hall from time to time obferve fuch Rules, Methods and Orders in the Execution of their feveral Offices and Trufts, as they refpe&ively have received or (hall receive from time to time from His Majefty, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, or from the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer or any three of them for tne time being refpe&ively.

• XV. And be it further ena&ed, That the (aid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties (hall keep their Stamp Office in fozne convenient Place in the County of the City of Dublin ; and that none of the Duties which (hall or may be from time to time under their Management fhall be received or colle&ed by or paid to the laid Commiffioners of Stamps, or any of them.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of Stamps for the time being, or any One or more. of them, to adminifter Oaths and Affirmations, and take Affidavits and Affirmations, in all cafes where he or they (hall refpedively think an Oath or Oaths or an Affirmation or Affirmations

A:t>. 1816.

56°’GEO. III.

C. 56r

18SL

atiom neceflary to be administered or taken for the Purpose of carrying into Effect this Ad, or any Part thereof, or any matter dr thing relating thereto, or to the Management or Colie&ion of any of the Stamp Duties now payable or hereafter to be payable.

' XVII. And be it further enaded, That it (Rail and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, by Notice in Writing at any time, to revoke, annul and make void any Licence which the laid Commiffioners are empowered to grant under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for any Purpofe whatsoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That every Diftributor of Stamps, or Perfon in Charge as a Diftributor of Stamps, (hall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by Affirmation, his, her or their refpedive Accounts furnifhed by him, her or them to the faid Commiffioners ; fuch Affidavit or Affirmation, if made in Zhillm, to be fwora or affirmed before One of the faid Com-miffioners, and if in the Country, before a Jufttce of the Peace of the County m which fuch Diftributor, or Perfon in charge as a Diftributor refpe^tively, (hall have his Office; and which Affidavit or. Affirmation fuch Commiffioners and Juftices refpedively are hereby required and authorized to receive and take as aforefaid ; or if the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, «r any One or more of them, (kali by Notice in Writing require the fame, then before the Juftices of the Peace at a Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or Diftrid in which fuch Diftributor, or Perfon in charge as a Diftributor, (hall have his Office; and which Affidavit or Affirmation fuch Juftices are hereby required, and authorized to receive and take ; and if any fuch Diftributor, or Perfon in charge as a Diftributor, (hall negled or refiife to verify any of fuch Accounts in manner aforefaid, within fuch reafonable time as he or (he /hall be called upon by the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, fo to do, he or (he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That in all Adions or Suits commenced or to be commenced againft any Diftributor, or Perfon in charge as a Diftributor, or againft the Heirs, Executors or Ad-, miniftratort of fuch Diftributor or Perlbn in charge, or againft all or any or either of the Sureties of any fuch Diftnbutor or Perfon in charge, or their or any or either of their Heirs, Executors or Adinmiftrators, every Acknowledgment in Writing figned by fuch Diftributor or Perfon in charge as a Diftributor, or by any Perfon duly authorized by any fuch Diftributor, or Perfon m charge refpedively, of the Receipt of any Stamps given or fent to fuch Diftributor, or Perfon in charge, by or from the Stamp Office in £hMsMt fhall be accepted, taken and allowed, in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of the Receipt of the feveral Pieces and Skins of Stamped Paper, Parchment and Vellum in fuch Acknowledgment dated to have been received by or for fuch Diftributor, or Perfbu in charge as a Diftributor, and of the Value thereof, and of the Stamps thereon refpedively ; and that all and every Account or Accounts furnifhed by fuch Diftributor, or Perfon in charge, whether verified by Oath or Affirmation or not, fhall be accepted, taken and allowed, m ail Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence againft fuch DzAributor, or Perfon in charge as a Diftributor, or againft the Hctn* Executes* or Adminiftrators of fuch Diftributor or Perfon

Licences may be revoked.

Diftrihutors to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Notice.

Penalty.

Acknowledgments ofDiftri-butors to be . \ taken in EvU -deuce.

IS*

Ct 56*

56® GEO. IIL

A.D. 1616.

Diftributors with Con lent of Commiflioners may appoint Deputies.

Premifes of Diftributors, k c. may be entered and Stamps taken away, a Warrant having been ob-

Boon may be broken open.

Commiflioners may grant Warrant.

Acknowledgment given for Stampi feised.

in charge, or againft all or any or either of the Sureties of fuch Diftributor or Perfon in charge,, or their or any or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, of the feveral Debits in any fuch Account feverally contained; but any fuch Account, by whom-foever produced, (hall not be Evidence of the Credits therein claimed or Rated by fuch Diftributor, or Perfon in charge as Diftributor*

XX.	And be it further enaded. That it (hail and may be lawful for any Diftributor or Diftributors of Stamps, with the Confeat of the faid Commiflioners of Stamps or of any One of them, to appoint, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, any Perfon or Perfons to be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, or Sub Diftributor or Diftributors, within his, her or their Diftrid, or any Part or Parts thereof that may be fpecified in fuch Warrant, and every fuch Diftributor or Diftributors (hall be anfwerable for the Conduct of every fuch Deputy or Sub Diftributor in all matters relating to the (aid Office of Diuributor; and every fuch Deputy or Sub Diftributor (hall have full Power to fell Stamps for the faid Diftributor or Diftributors, according to the terms of fuch Warrant, in the fame manner as the faid Diftributor or Diftributors might perfon ally do, but not to exerdfe any other Part of the Bufinefs or Office of fuch Diftributor or Diftributors ; and no fuch Warrant for appointing any fuch Sub Diftributor (hall be fubje& to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it /hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons authorized thereto by the faid Commiflioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, under Hand and Seal, and with the Affiftance of a Magiftrate or Peace Officer, to enter in the Day time into the Houfe or Habitation of any Diftributor of Stamps, or Perfon in charge as fuch, or Sub Diftributor, or. other Perfon or Perfons a6ting for or under fuch Diftributor or Perfon in charge as {rich, or into the Houfe of any Perfon haring a Licence to fell Stamps, or having bad fuch Licence in Force at any time within Six Calendar Months then laft paftj and if on Demand and Notice of fuch Warrant, the Door of the Houfe in which fuch Diftributor or other Perfon as aforefeid (hall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof (hall not be opened, then with the Affiftance and in the Prefence of fuch Magiftrate or Peace Officer to break open the fame refpe&ivelr, and to feize and to take into his or their Pofteffion all (lamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which (hall be found in the Houfe, Cuftody or Pofteffion of luch Diftributor or other Perfon as afbnefaid; and all Magift rates and Peace Officers are hereby required, upon the Requeft of mj Perfon or Perfons adfcing under fiich Warrant, to aid and affift him and them in the Execution thereof; and it (hall be lawful for all and every fuch Commiffiouer or Cosumiffioners to grant fuch Warrant to any Perfon or Perfons whenever and as often as he or they (haft think fit.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That any Peafoa who (ball fo execute any feich Warrant in the Houfe or Place of Rc-fidence of any Perfon licenfed or haring been licenfed to fell Stamps Us afbrefaid, flail give to fnch Perfon fo licenfed or having been fo licenfed, if required, an Acknowledgment of the Number, Particulars and Amount of the Stamps, if any, fo feized therein, and fhatt permit fnch Perfon, or any Perfon or Perfons employed by him or her, to infpeA the feune before the Removal thereof rape&ively, and to mark the feme as ho or they flail think proper; and that fuch

Perfon

AD. isw.

46° GEO. III.

aw.

155

Petfon fo Ucenfed or having Wo fo Heenfed flnO be entitled to demand and receive from the Diftributor of the Diftrid, the full Amount in Value of fuch of the Stamps fo fcized as (hall be found to be genuine, arid of the Paper, Parchment or Vellum whereon the fame flail be fo knpreflW, according to the Rates at which the fame Aatf refpedively bfe fold by Rich Diftributor at the time of fuch Seizure.

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners Coramiffloners of Stampa (hall have Power front time to time, by Warrant under fine Hand and Seal, to fine any Diftributor or Diftributors of Stamps, rfDut* or any Perfon in charge as fuch, for any Breach or Negledt of Duty, n or of the Orders of the faid Commiffioners, or of any One or more of them, m any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for any One Offeuce, the Amount of fuch Fine to be paid by fuch Diftributor or Diftrt-butorsy or Perfon fo in charge as fuch, to the Receiver General for the Ufe of Majefty’s Revenue, together with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Receiver General, and he is hereby required to apply the next Money that he fhall receive from fuch Diftributor or Perfon fo in charge as fuch, or fo much thereof as (hall be neceftary to the Pay* ment of fuch Fine, whatever My be the Purpofe for which the fame m< * nt or intended.

. And be it further eiteded, That all and every Officer Oftrtrtto kscy and Officers who fhall be concerned in levying, collecting or re* fep*r»te Ac-criring any Stamp Duty oY Duties in Ireland\ (hall keep feparate of and diftind Accounts thereof; and that the feveral Diftributors of Dift^butort to Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, account in manor Perfons in charge as fuch, (hall pay all Monies received by them ner herein men-for or by reafon or on account of any of the faid Stamp Duty or tionoA Doties, or of any Stamp Duty or Duties which (hall or may from time to time be payable, or of any Penalties impofed by this Ad, or hr any other Ad in any wife relating to the Payment or Regulation * of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of fuch Diftinbutors or Perfons in charge as fuck refpedively, to the Re* cover General of Stamp Doties, on every Day, or on fuch and fo many Days in each Week as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by the laid Commiffioners; and the Diftributors of Stamps, or Perfons in charge as fuch in any other Parts of Ireland, (hall on Wedntfday tn every Week, unlefs the fame (hall be a Holiday, and then on the next enfoing Day which fhaH not be a Holiday, or as fpeedd^r after fuch Wednesday or other Day as the Diftance of fuch Diftributors or Perfons in charge as fuch refpedively fhall permit, or as much oftener and at all Inch times as the find Diftributors, or Perfons an charge as fuch, (hall be required by the find Commiffioners, or any of them, pay dr caufe to be paid all Sums received by them in like manner and then in their Hands refpedively, to the faid Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and the laid Receiver General (hall on Receiver Gene* each and every Day, or on fnch Day or Days in every Week as (hall ral «> P*y be dxrr&ed for tie Purpofe by the laid Commiffionera, pay all Monies fo received by him, ana then in his Hands, into tne Re- JL SJSieouer ceipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland; and the faid Receiver General (ball on each Day after his making any fnch Payment into the (aid Exchequer, mid every Diftributor ot Stamps, or Perfon in darge at fuch, on each Day hb or her making nay fnch

Payment

c.se;

I5£

Receiver General detaining Money in his Hands to be charged iiLper Cent, (ntereft.

Diftributors negle&ing to pay in Money to Receiver, Firft Offence,

Second Offence. Penalty.

Where Monthly Sales of Diftri-butor (hall not have exceeded aol.

Coramifli oners may enlarge the time of Payment.

Qopk kept at Treafury, in which Sump Duty entered feparate from other Monica.

*6° GEO, Ilk

AJ} Ana*

Payment to the faid Receiver General, or on the firft Opportunity) after the faid times refpedively, give Notice of fuch Payment, -and of the Amount thereof, to the laid Commiffioners of Stamps y and if fuch Receiver General (hall at any time negled or omit to p*ay into the Receipt of His Majefty's faid Exchequer the §ums fo by him payable as aforefaid, at the time and in the manner aforefaid, or (hall detain any Part of the Monies fo by him payable, then and for every • fuch Offence he (hall be charged with Intereft for the Monies fo detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the fame to be recovered with Coils of Suit by Adion or Information, or by any other of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from. Public Accountants or Debtors; and if any fuch Diftributor or Diftributors, or Perfons in charge as fuch, (hall negled or omit to. pay or caufe to be paid to fuch Receiver General as aforefaid the Sums fo by him, her or them payable as aforefaid, or (hall detain the Monies by him, her or them fo payable as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, then for the Firft of fuch Offences he, (he or they (hall forfeit all and every the Difcount, Per Centage or other Fee, Profit or Reward, to which fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending would or might other wife be entitled, for or byxcafon of the Sums lo detained or fo negleded, or omitted to be paid to fuch Receiver General and for the Second of fuch Offences every fuch Diftributor or Diftributors, or Perfons in charge as fuch, (hall forfeit the faid Difcount* Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and (hall alfo be charged with Intereft for the Money fo detained after the Rate of Six Pounds . b_y the Year for every Hundred Pounds 5 the fame to be recovered m the fame manner and with like Cofts as the Intereft is recoverable from the faid Receiver General as aforefaid; and the faid Difcount* Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, fo forfeited by fuch Diftributor or Diftributors; or Perfon in charge as fuch, (hall in every of the faid cafes be paid to fuch Officer or Officers of the Stamps as (hall firft difcover and inform the faid Commiffioners of Stamps of fuch Negled, Omillion or Detention, if the faid Commiffioners of Stamps* or tne major Part of them, (hall think proper fo to order the fame,' and if they (hall make no Order thereupon, it (hall be carried to the Account of the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That in all cafes where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any fuch Diftributor, or. Perfon in charge as fuch, or ot his Predeceflor or Predeceffors, for Twelve Months next preceding, (hall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Month, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of Stamps from time tb time as often as they (hall fee juft and neceflary Occafion, by Order under their Hands to enlarge and extend, for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to fuch Diftributors or Perfons in charge as fuch refpedively, for paying unto fuch Receiver General the feveral Sums by them refpedively from time to time received as aforefaid.

XXVI* And be it further enaded, That there (hall be kept in His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies which (hall be paid into the faid Treafury in Ireland, by virtue of this Ad, or of any Ad or Ads for impofing of Stamp Duties, or for regulating the Management or Colledipn thereof in Ireland, (hall

C. 56.

Avista	S6° GE0.	hi.

\S1

'be catered apart afid diftin& frotto all other Monies paid or payable \o H» Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, on any Account whatsoever; and that neither the Sixpence per Pound nor any other Fee (hafl be payable to or be deduced or received by any Officer or Mo Fee. Officers of xiis Majefty's Treafury for or on account ot the ifTuing tir Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money anting by or which (haU he received for or on account of any Stamp Duties or of any Payment to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties m manner mfbrefaid, but that the fame (hall be received and duly ac- Money carried counted for to His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors, and all the t0 Confolidated ‘Money paid into the laid Treafury, on the Account of the faid Fund ^hreUnd. Duties, (hall be carried to and be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland*

~ XXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Perfons who have been or who (hall be refpe&ively employed in receiving, collecting'or paying any Stamp Duties, (haU exhibit their refpe&ive Accounts 4>f fuch Duties to the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland for the time being, or the major Part of them, when called on by them, or any One or more of them, for that Purpofe; and the faid Commiffioners of Public Accounts are hereby refpedtively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon Oath the laid Perfons who (hall be fo employed in raifing, receiving or collecting the faid Duties, as to their faid Accounts, and as to the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have been by them, or any of them refpe&ively, raifed, collected, or received within the time of fuch their Accounts, and likewife what Part thereof (hall have been by them, or any of them, paid to the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland* and at what times refpe&ively; and in accounting before the (aid Commiffioners of Public Accounts, the faid Perfons (hall produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by them received and paid; and the faid Commiffioners of Public Accounts,

* or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to audit and fettle fuch Accounts ; which faid Accounts, when fo audited and fettled, (hall be figned by the faid Commiffioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, and (hall be at all times, to the Officers therein concerned, a full and fufficient Warrant and ■ Difcharge to all Intents and Purpofes, according to the true Intent, Meaning and Import thereof refpe&ively.

XXVIIL And be it further ena&ed, That the Types, Marks and Stamps which are already kept or ufed for denoting and marking <m Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or on Playing Caras or on Dice, the feveral and refpe&ive Duties heretofore granted, or any of them, or which (hall hereafter be kept or ufed at the Stamp Office in Dublin* for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice, the feveral and refpe&ive Stamp Dories which (hall from time to time be payable thereon refpe&ively, by Law in Ireland\ (hall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks sod Stamps for the damping and impreffing of all Vellum, Parch-• meat and Paper, on which any of the feveral things in refoeft whereof any Stamp Duty (haU from time to time be payable, have been or (hall be engroffed or written, and for damping Playing Cards i or Dice according to Law ; and that if at any time there (hall not be any fuch Type, Mark or Stamp denoting precisely any of the

Stamp

Account! of Duties exhibited to CommiffioiH ers for auditing Public Accounts when required.

Vouchers to be produced.

Accounts (igned by Commiffion-ers of Public Accounts a Dif-chirge.

The Types and Stamps now or hereafter to be ufed at the Stamp Office, for denoting the Dudes, (hall be lawful

When there Is no precife Stamp to denote the

C. 56.

58* GEO. m.

A.D. 1816.

Duty, Two or more Stamps may be ufed.

Devices may be changed or altered, of which Notice flrall he given in Dublin Gazette.

Commiflioners to provide fuch particular Stamps as (hall be re-guifite.

Writings not having the proper Stamp to he as if written, Ac. on Paper, &c. not (lamped.

Stamp Duties which (hall from time to time be payable, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, if they (hall think proper, to dire& that Two or more of fuch Types, Mark* or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby (hall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties fo payable refpe&tively, (hall be ufed on the fame Piece of VeUujn, Parchment or Paper, for denoting fuch Duties, or .at their Difcse* lion to caufe to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamps for denoting fuch Duties, or any of them, and to caufe all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper chargeable with fuch Duties to be ftamped or marked with the fame, and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to direct that fuch Devices, Stamps or Marks (hall be ufed as may exprefs the Amount of the Duty either dire&ly in Words and Figures, or by Reference or Per Centime, or in .any other manner whatsoever, whereby the lame (hall or may lie Efficiently denoted.

XXIX* And be it further ena&ed, That the Devices or Marka ufed or to be ufed for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the Stamp Duties which (nail be payable from time to time, or any of them, maybe difeontinued, changed, varied or altered from time to time, and new or other Devices or Marks may be ufed in lieu of the Devices or Marks fo difeontinued, as His Majefty, his Heiry and Succeffor*,or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irdand for the time being, or the Commiflioners of Stamps in Ireland for the time being, (hall think (it; provided that wferafoever any of the Devices or Marks aforefaid (hall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every fuch cafe public Notice of every fuch Change, Variation or Alteration (hall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin Ga%etUt and in fome other public Newfpaper, a convenient time before the Types, Marks or Stamps, on which fuch new Devices or Marks (hall be made, (hall be uled.

XXX. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Comnuffoom of Stamps in Ireland (hall caufe feparate and particular Stamps or Marks to be ufed and provided when requifite, to denote the Duties which (hall from time to time he payable, not only on any Article or Articles for which feparate or particular Marks or Stamps (ball .be required from time to time by any Law or Laws, but aMb on fuch other Articles, matters and things as to the faid Commiflioners of Stamps from time to time (hali.feem requifite and neceftary, or as the faid Commiflioners of Sumps (hall be required to ufe or provide, by His Majefty, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or by the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being; and all fuch Articles, matters and things refpe&ively, which (hall be iffued or granted, made or written, after One Month from the Day on which public Notice (hall have been or ftiall be given in the Dublin GaneUe by the faid Commiflioners of Stamps, that fuch feparate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the feme have been or are refpe&ively provided, and which (hall be engrafted, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper without fuch Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than thofe fo provided or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid refpedively, and alfo all other Matters in refped whereof any particular or appropriated

AXL1EJ6.

56° GEO. 111.

C. 56.

159

Writing on Paper, &c. not

Penalty.

When Devices we changed and Notice given, Perfons having Stamps in Hand may have them uken in Ex. change within Four Months.

wrowitai Stamp flail be neceffary, and which after fuch Notice lhall be engrofied, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked with any of the faid particular Stamps or Marks (o appropriated, (hall be of no other effeft than if the £nd Mttteta refpoftively had been written or printed on Vellum, Parch-meat or Paper not marked or damped, although foch improper Stamps refpedively may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount j and all Perfons who (nail fo write or print any tuck Article, matter or thing oa any Paper, Vellum or Parchment having any foch improper Stamp or Stamps thereon, (hall jj™0* Pf0Per incur -and fuller fuch Penalty as they would be liable to in cafe fuch - mP* Article, matter or thing rrfpe&ively had been written or printed on Paper, Vellum or Parchment, not marked or damped.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enadfced. That as often as the Devices or Blanks aforeuid, or any of them, (hall be changed, earied or altered, it (hall be lawful for all Perfons who (hall, at the Times iefpedivdjr of fuck Alteration or Change, have in their Cuftody or Pofleffion any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Impreffion of the Type, Mark or Stamp whidi (hall have been Co changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the matters or things in refpedl whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be pay-able, (hall have been engrofied or written, to bring or fiend at any time within the Space of Four Months after the Publication of fuch Advertisement os aforefeid, fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the faid Connmffioners of Stamps, at the Stamp Office in Dublin^ or to any Diftributor of Stamps, or to any Perfon appointed to a& aa aDiftribotor of Stamps, and thereupon the proper Officer at fuch Stamp Office, and fuch Diftributor or Perfon appointed to a& as fuch itfpeftndy, (hall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to deliver or caufe to be delivered in lieu thereof, a Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, equal to that which (hall have beep fo brought or fent as afbrefaid, with the Impreffion of fuch new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking dire&ly or isdiieffiy for the fame any Money or other Confidenttion whatfo-ever, vnder the Penalty of forfeiting for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the (aid Stamps or Marks which have been fo given or lent in (hall in every fuch cafe be immediately cancelled; and in cafe any Perfon (hall neglcft or omit within the time a fore-laid to bring or caufe to be brought and delivered unto the laid Connmffioners or Officers as afbrefaid, any fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo marked with any Type, .Mark or Stamp, the Ufc of ^ ^ Effea**** which (hall be (o difoontinued, and which mar be changed, varied or 00 altered for any new Type, Mark or Stamp, fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with fuch old or difoontinued Stamp, (hall be and is hereby declared to be of no other EfFc& than if fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper had never been (lamped, and that all matters and things which (hall be engrofied or written thereon, after fuch. time as (haul be appointed by fuch Advertisement as aforefaid, for making ufe of foch new changed or altered Types,. Marks or Stamps as aforefaid,

(hall be of no other Effect than ir they had been engrofied or written bn VeDmo, Parchment or Paper, not marked or damped, and all Pirhm who (ball engrofs or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the Duties aforefeid, on fuch Vellum, Parchment or jw ffar tbe. find time, (hall incur and (offer fuch Penalty os is

herein

Penalty.

After Period of Four Months the old Stamps

36" GEO. III. ‘

>160

Pcrfons evading the Duty to be Hill liable, and the Court of Exchequer may enforce Pay- , menu

Rule to fhew caufe granted by Exchequer.

No Deed or Writing to be given in Evidence unlela ftamped with the proper Sump.

Deeds, &c. written on a Stamp of a greater Amount, confi-dered as duly ftamped:

Except where

C.56.

A.D.1816.

herein dire&ed to be inflided on Perfons writihg or engrafting on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or ftamped.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who hath written, printed, engrafted or executed, or who fhall print, write, en-grofs or execute any Record, Deed, Inftrument, Copy, matter or thing in refped whereof any Stamp Duty is or (hall be payable upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not duly ftamped to denote the Payment of fuch Duty, and alfo every Perfon wfu> in any other manner whatsoever is or fhall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty, and who by any Contrivance, Negled or Omiftion fhall have avoided, negleded or omitted to pay any Stamp Duty which, in refped of any Ad, matter or thing heretofore done or caufed to be done by him, or hereafter to be done or caufed to be 'done by him, (hall have been by Law payable to His Maiefty, his Heirs or Suc-cefTors, fhall be accountable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Sue* ceffors, for the Amount of fuch Duty, and fuch Duty and the Amount thereof fhall be a Debt from fuch Perfon to His Mmefty, his Heirs and Succeffors; and that in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Excheqner in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpofe on Behalf of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, upon fuch Affidavit or Affidavits as to the Court may appear fufficient, to grant a Rule requiring fuch Perfon or Perfons to fhew caufe why he, fhe or they fhould not deliver to the faid Commiflioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all fuch Duties fo due, and why the fame fhould not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any fuch Rule of Court absolute in every cafe in which the fame may appear to the faid Court to be proper and necefiary for enforcing the Payment of any of the faid Duties, together with fuch Cofts of Proceedings as the {aid Court fhall think proper to award and dire£fc.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Courts of Juftke and Judges in Ireland fhall without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf take judicial Notice of the feveral Types, Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or ufed or to be hereafter kept or ufed as aforefaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties, which from time to time have been or fhall be payable in Ireland ; and that no Record, Deed, Inftrument, Writing or Printing whatever, for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the fame is or fhall be written or printed, is or fhall be, or at the time of writing or printing the fame was or (hall have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, though fuch Law has been or fhall have been repealed, fhall on any Pretence whatfoever be pleaded or given or received in Evidence in any Court in Ireland*, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unlets the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon the fame hath been or fhall be fo written or printed, fhall be duly marked or ftamped with the Mark or Stamp that fhall be proper for fuch Record, Deed, Inftrument or Writing or Printing refpedttvely: Provided always, that if any Deed, Inftrument or Writing, fhall . happen to be executed or written on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for fuch refpe&ive Deed, inftrument or Writing, at the time of the Execution thereof, the fame fhall be confidered as duly ftamped to all Intents and Purpofes, except only in cafes where fuch Record,

Deed,

A.D.1816.

66° GEO. III.

C. 56.

161

Deed, InSrumrat or Writing, fhall be of a kind for which feparate and particular Stamps or Marks fhall have been provided as afore -faid, in which cafe the fame fhall not be confidered as duly damped, for or in refped of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unlefs fuch greater Stamp fo impnefted thereon fhall be One of the Stamps or Marks fo appropriated to fuch kind of Record, Deed, Inftrument or Writing.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if at any time or on any Occafion whatfoever, in any Court or Courts it fhall be alledged by either Party, or if any Judge or Judges of any fuch Courts mail have any Reafon to fufpfe& that any Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps appearing on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon fhall be written or printed any Record, Deed, Inftrument, Writing or Printing, produced before fuch Court or Courts, is or are or may be forged or counterfeited, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuen Judge or Judges, and he or they is and are hereby required to make Enquiry thereupon, and to receive thereupon fuch Information and Evidence on Oath as fhall be offered by either Party, or as it fhall be within the Power of fuch Judge or Judges to obtain, and to decide and determine whether fuch Stamp or Stamps is or are genuine or forged or counterfeited; and fuch Determination and Decifion fhall, as to the Purpofes of the Trial or Occafion on which the fame fhall be made, but no further, be final and conclufive.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties for the time being fhall and may from time to time, as they fhall fee Occafion, appoint one or more fit Perfon or Perfons* to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, which Perfon or Perfons (hall have full Power and Authority to infpeft and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which any of the matters or things in refpedt of which any Stamp Duty fhall at anv time be payable fhall have been engroffed or written or put, and alio the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and alfo all other matters and things tending to fecure the Duties which have been or fhall from time to time be payable upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland; and that the Judges in the feveral Courts in Ireland\ and fuch others to whom it may appertain, at the Requeft of the faid Commiffioners, or of any of them, fhall make fuch Orders in their refpedive Courts, and do fuch other matters and things for the better fecuring of the faid Duties as fhall be lawfully and reafonably defined in that Behalf.

XXXVI.	And, for the better Diftribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Perfons may have the fame with Convenience and at an eafy Rate, be it. ena&ed, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being fhall, as often as he or they fhall think proper, fet the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper (hall be fold ; and the faid Commiffioners of Stamps fhall ftamp the Prices fo fet upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece or Sheet of Paper fo by them to be (old; and that the faid* Commiffioners fhall take fperial Care that the feveral Parts of Ireland fhall from time to time be fuf-Bciently fumiflted with fuch Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ftamped or marked as aforefaid, fo that all Perfons may havf it in their

56 Gjco. III.	M	Election

feparnte Stamps are provided.

Courts to determine in cafes where Stamps are alledged to be Forgeries.

CommifBonert may appoint fit Perfons to attend Courts to examine Stamps.

Prices fixed at which Vellum, Parchment and Paper fold, and Perfons may either buy the lame, or bring their own to be ftamped.

162

C.66.

£6° OEO. III.

A/D. 1816.

Eleftion to buy the Dune of the Officer* or Perfons to be employed by the faid Cotnmiffionera at the ufual Rate* above the faid Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be damped as aforefaid, or to furnifh tbemfelve* from other* who (hall be legally entitled to utter9 vend or fell the fame.

Forging Sumps, XXXVII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon in any °f fr*th	United	Kingdom	of Great Britain and Ireland, or of

u tng e 9	•	any	Qf tjjC Dominions thereto belonging! (hall counterfeit or forge,

or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, anv Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter direded to be ftamped, any of the Stamp Duties payable under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads which has been or fhail be at any time in force in Ireland, although fuch A& or Ads may not be in force, or fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp may pot be Jtept or ufed at the (add Stamp Office at the time of fuch forging or counterfeiting) or if any Perfon or Perfons (fave and except fuch Perfon or Perfons as mall be lawfully entitled and authorized to have and to ufe the fame for the Purpofe of damping Vettum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter direded to be ftamped by or under the Authority of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps for the time being) (hall have in his, her or their Poffeffion, any Type, Die or Mark or Stamp made to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter direded to be ftamped, any of the feid Stamp Duties fo payable as aforefaid, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, mall not be then kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby (hall not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be marked or impreffed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter which heretofore was or hereafter (hall be direded to be ftamped, any Device, Mark or Impreffion to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Impreffion which has bean or fhail be ufed, kept or made, marked or impreffed at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing fo direded to be ftamped, any of the faid Stamp Duties fo payable under or by virtue of any Ad of Parliament which fhail be or (hall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when fuch Mark, Device or Impreffion fhail have been fo ufed, kept or made, marked or im-preffed, at the laid Office, although fuch Ad or A&s may not be in force, or fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion may not be ufed or kept, marked or impreffed at the faid Office, at the time of fuch Offence committed; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhail ufe, utter, vend or fell, or caufe to be ufed, uttered, vended or fold, or shall have in his or her Poffcffion, with Intent to ufe, utter, vend or fell the feme, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion thereon, to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Impreffion which has been or fhail be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforefaid for the

Purpofe*

A.D.181&

56° GEO. III.

0. 56.

169

Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, although not then ufed or kept for die faid Purpofes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby /ball not be then payable in Ireland\ knowing fucn Device,

Mari or Impreffion to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers io the Employment of the Commiffioners of Stamps, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, (hall with Intent*to defraud His Majefty, hk Heirs or SuccelTors, mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be marked or imprefied, or be aiding, abetting or affifting in marking or impreffing, or in caufmg or procuring to be marked or im-preffed any Stamp, Mark or Impreffion, denoting any of the faid Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter dire&ed to be (tamped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the laid Commiffioners of Stamps for the Puipofe of being (tamped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, which has been or (hall be ufed* kept or made at the Stamp Office aforefaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the laid Stamp Duties fo payable under or by virtue of any Ad of Parliament, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp (hail not be then kept at the faid Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby (hall not be then payable, in Ireland; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, with Intent to defraud His Majefty, his Heirs or Suc-ceflors, knowingly have in his, her or their Poffeffion any Vellum,

Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be damped, fo fraudulently damped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforefaid Duties, then and in every of the faid cafes, any Felony and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vided, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for Life.

XXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That whenever any Licenfed Per-Velhim, Parchment or Paper (hall at any time be found in the fon* hivingcoun* Poffeffion of any Perfon licenfed to deal in and retail Stamps in	m

Ireland, or who (hall have been fo licefifed within Six Calendar t0 t^el<m months then next preceding, having impreffed thereon any coun* penalties of terfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion to referable or reprelent, or vending forged intended or liable to be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Im- Stamps, unleft it preffion which has been or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp b® Pro^ed that Office afore&id, for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, although cure/aVihe*^ fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion (hall not then be ufed or kept tor stamp Office, or the faid Purpofes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted of Tome DiftrU thereby (hall not be then payable in Ireland, then and in every butor* fuch cafe the Perfon in whole Poffeffion fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper (hall be fo found (hall be deemed and taken to have fo had the fame in his or her Poffeffion with Intent to ufe, utter or vend the fame with fuch counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion tbereoo, unlefs the contrary (hall be iatisfa&orily proved, and (hall alfo be deemed and taken to have had fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo in his or her Poffeffion, knowing the Stamps, Devices,

Marks or Impreffions thereon to be forged, falfe and counterfeited, and fuch Perfon (hall be liable to all Penalties and Punifhments by Law impofed or inflidled upon Perfons ufrag, uttering or vending falfe* forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having fuch falfe, forged or counterfeit Stamps in their Poffeffion, knowing the fame to be forg?d, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall in all cafes fatisfa&orily prove that fuch Vellum* Parchment and Paper, and the Stamps thereon* was

M2	or

164

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.181<J.

or were procured by or for fuch Perfon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from fome Diftributor of Stamps in Ireland.

HoufusofPer- XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That on Complaint made Win^fo ed °* before any 0“e Juftice of the Peace upon the Oath of One credibtc Diesor Sumps, Witnefs, that there is juft caufe to fufpeft any One or more Perfon See. may be or Perfons of being or having been concerned in making any falfe fearched.	or counterfeit Type, ijie, Mark or Stamp, or of unlawfully having

any fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Pofleffion, or of unlawfully marking or imprefling any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion, or of unlawfully having in his or her Pofieflion, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impreiung, or caufing or procuring to be marked or impreUed, or of aiding, abetting or affifting in marking or imprefiing, or in caufing or procuring to be marked or impreffed, any Stamp, Mark or Impreffion on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commiffioners of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Poffeffion any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter as afotefaid, unlawfully or fraudulently (lamped or marked contrary to any of the Purpofes or Regulations contained in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads relating to the *Stamp Duties in Ireland, then and in each and every or any of the (aid cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for premifes may be fuch Juftice by Warrant under his Hand to caufe the Dwelling entered and	Houfe, Room, Work Shop, Out Houfe or other Building, Yard,

********	Garden or other Place belonging to fuch fufpeded Perfon or

Perfons, or where any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be fufpeded to carry on any fuch marking or counterfeiting, or to fecrete any fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any fuch Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Macliinery neceffary or applicable for or to the making any fuch Impreffion as aforefaid, to be fearched for any fuch Type, Die, Mark, Stamp, Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thine whatfoever 5 and if any of the faid feveral matters and things (hall be found in any Place fo fearched, or in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, not having the fame by fome lawful Authority, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons fo finding the fame, to feize, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to feize the fame refpe&ively, and to carry the fame forth witn to the Juftice by whom fuch Warrant (hall be granted, or to any other Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, Diflrid or Place where the fame (hall be feized, who (hall caufe the fame to be fecured and produced in Evidence againft any Perfon or Perfons who (hall or may be profecuted for any of the Offences aforefaid, in fome Court of Juftice proper for the Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the faid matters and things fo feized, whether fo produced in Evidence or not, (hall by Order of the Court where fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be tried, or by Order of fome Juftice of the Peace, in cafe there (hall be so fuch Trial, be defaced or deftroyed, or otherwife difpofed of, as fuch Court or fuch Juftice (hall dired.

V«Uum, Sec. to XL. And be it further ena&ed, That all Vellum, Parchment and tore ev nited*	whereon any of the matters or things in refpeft whereof any

-	StXfllD

A.D.iaie.

56° GEO.nr.

C. 56.

165

Stamp Duty (hall be then payable, (hall be engro/Ted or written, (hall previous to fuch engrofling or writing be ftamped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Payment of the proper Duty thereon refpe&ively, and the Commiffioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Perfon or Perfims bringing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in DubRmt forthwith without any Fee or Reward to damp or mark the lame with any of the Stamps or Marks which (hall be then ufed at the faid Office, and whicn fuch Perfon lhall require, (five and except fuch Marks or Stamps as (hall be then confined as hereinafter mentioned, to be imprefied only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the faid Stamp Office,) fuch Perfon or Perfons paying to fuch Officer or Officers as (hall be appointed in that Behalf the reipe&ive Duties which they (hall require to have fo damped or marked on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo brought by him, her or them.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Commiflioner of Stamps or any Officer of the Commiffioners of Stamps (hall fix or imprefs any fuch Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which (hall be brought to the Stamp Office aforefaid to be damped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby (hall be duly anfwered or paid, (or duly fecured to be paid to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in fuch cafes where fuch Security may by Law be taken), every fuch Commiflioner of Stamps or Officer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and (hall alfo be anfwerable for all and every fuch Duty as if fuch Commiflioner or Officer had duly received fuch Duty or Duties, and (hall for that Purpofe be deemed and taken to have received the fame.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where, under or by the Provifions of this or any other A& or A&s of Parliament, any Stamps (hall at any time be or become inapplicable to or in-fumcient for the Purpofes for which the fame were intended, then and whenever it (hall lo happen, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com-nuffioners, or any of them, upon Requeft of any Perfon or Perfons producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper (tamped with fuch Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they (hall think proper fo to do, that fiich Vellum, Parchment or Paper be (tamped with any new or additional or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting fuch Duties as the Perfon or Perfons requeuing the fame (hall require, the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which (hall nave been fir(t imperiled or marked on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and fuch Stamps as (hall be fo required to be impreffed or marked on the (ame.

XLI 11. And be it further ena&ed, That upon Proof on Oath or (blemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the faid Com-miffioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation fuch Officer is hereby empowered to •adminifter,) to the Satisfa&ion of Inch Commiflioner or Officer, that any Deed or Inflrument written or printed upon any ftamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not been executed or figned by any Party or Parties, or that fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath not been ufed for any of the Purpofes for

M 3	which

Fixing Sumpf' before Duty paid or duly fe cured.

Penalty.

Stamps becoming inapplicable may be ftamped with new or additional Stamp* on Difference being paid.

Stamps fpoijed from being wriu ten upon and not ufed may be exchanged for others, Oath being made to certain Particulars.

C.K.

$6* <Sfflo.in.

A.D.1

w»

UntU Par chare, Money inv efted

in Government Securities.

Application of Corapen&tion if left than sool and equal to and exceeding aol.

Application of Compenfation if left than aoL

In cafe of not making out Tides.

and in the fame manner as the Lands, Tenements or Heiedhan which /hall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fi or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making foch Co ance and Settlement ifhall be exifting, undetermined, and capafc taking Effe&; and in the mean time and until ftrch Pnrchafe be made, the laid Money fhaH by Order of the laid Court, Application thereto, be in veiled by the laid Accountant Gena -his Name, in the Pnrchafe of Government Securities $ and is mean time, and until the laid Government Securities (hall be or! by the fjud Court to be fold for the Purposes aforefaid, the 1 dends and annual Produce of fuch Government Securities (hill I time to time be paid by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfot Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditame fo dire&ed to be purchafed by virtue of this Ad, in cafe fuch f chafe or Settlement were made.

XVTI. Provided always, and be it further ona&ed, That if ai Money fo agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Herd aments, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, a belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons m any Difebility or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be left than the Si of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Si of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuck cafes the fame /hall, at t Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to t Rents and Profits of die Lands, Tenements or Hereditament] purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Gu diant, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpc&tve Hands, paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Inin and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be appk in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or otherwise the fame (hall be pal at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Pd or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid DU -torsof Inland Navigation in Ireland (fuch Nomination and Ajj bation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the Domini and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and Dividends anfing thereon, may be applied in any maaser hen before dire&ed, fo for as the cafe may be applicable, without taming or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbl of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That* fuch Money fo agreed to be paid as next before mentioned (hsl lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lai Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for Purpofes of this A&; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotoy or Lui then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her or their Guaidia Guardians, Committee or Committee, to and for the Ufe and Ba of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfo* Perfons who /hall have agreed to receive any Sum or Small Money for the Porchafe of any Lands, Tenement* or JHexci

jLD.lSlt	36°	GEO. I1L	C.54.

ant* V k pwchafed by virtue of this Ad, (hall refufe to accept ball not be able to make a good Title to the Premiiea ttfkSx&bon of the laid Dire&ort, then and in every fuch cafe Ml sad may be lawful to and for the (aid Dire&ors to order fuch am er Sum of Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland\ in with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Jffc Coart of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit a the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements or Heredit-iwti \defMmg /hew], fubje& to the Order, Controul and Dif-fs&bou of the bid Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Abdication of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fact Sam or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or .Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary way of Pftweediug, or otherwise, as to the fame Court (hall feeip meet, to order the bune to be laid oat and invefted in the Public Fuads, and to order Diftribut^on thereof, or Payment of the Divi* <kndi thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title cr Intertffc of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make Codh other Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall (tern jo& sod leafcxnble; and the Caftuer or Calhiers of the Bank of Irdtad, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sams of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Vie the boe is or are received, to luch Perfon or Perfons as ih^ll pay any inch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XX Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where any Queftkm {hall wife touching the Title of any Perfon to auy Money to he pad mo the Bank of Ireland, in tne Name and with tlje Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, \n purfuaoce of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenj-meotf, or HeruhUaeots, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in pur-luance of this Aft, or to any Government Securities to be pur-chafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Government Securities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pqieflkw of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of inch Purchafe, and aft Perfons claiming under fuch Per-ioo oc Pcrim, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, full be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuqh Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid High Court «f Chancery; and the Dividends and Intereft of fuch Government Securities, and alfo the Capital of fuch Government Securities, ihall be paid, applied, and difpoled of accordingly ; unlefs it (hall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleiioc, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were uw-fcHy entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to im Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXL Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where by raksd any Disability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corpoodoo, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pvchafed under the Authority of this A<51, the Purchafe Money hi he feme (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Qmajf and to be applied tp the Purchafe of other Lands, La*'	‘	Tenements

147

Purchafii Money paU into Bank of Ireland,

fubjeftto Order of the Court el Chancery on Motion, fee.

In what cafes on

Queftiou touching Title to Money to be paid, the Perfons who (hall be'm PofTeflion of the Lands, &c at the time of fuch Purchafe, deemed entitled thereto according to fuch Pofleffion.

Court ff Chancery may otdsjr Expences of Purchafes to be pud by Truftces,

148	C. 53, 56.	36°	GEO.	Ill	A.D.	1

Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in Tuance of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from to time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid bj laid Direftors out of the Monies to be received by virtue of Aft, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money fori „ ,	Purpofes	as the faid Court fhall direft.

General Iflue. XXII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon M M,	'fued or impleaded for or by reafon of any thing done under <m

virtue of any Powers given by this Aft, or under or by virtu .any Rule, Order, Regulation, or Bye Law, made or hereafter ti made by the faid Direftors as aforelaid, fuch Perfon may plead .General IlTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

;	CAP.	LVL

. An Aft to repeal the feveral Stamp Duties in Ireland and al 1 feveral Afts for the Colleftion and Management of the (a Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thexeo and to make more ef&ftoal Regulations for collefting a managing the faid Duties.	[20th	June	i8i(

55G.3«€*7*« 4 TT THE RE AS an Aft was pafled in the Fifty fifth Year '* W His prefen tMajefty's Reign, intituled An AS to repeal I

*	feveral Duties under ihe Cart of tie Commtfftoneri for managing i 4 Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in Be* there.a

55 G. 3. c 79. * And Whereas another Aft was palled in the faid Year, intituj

*	An AS to regulate the ColleSion and Management of the Sta

* Duties on Law Proceedings, Attomies, Solicitors, Prodon, a 4 Corporate Officers in Ireland: And Whereas another Ad «

SS 0.3* c.81.	« pafled in the faid Year, intituled An AS to repeal the feveral A

4for the ColleSion and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, a 4 to mate more effeSuaI Regulations for colleSing and managing t 4 faid Duties in general: And Whereas it is expedient that thefi < recited Afts mould be repealed, and that other and nacreal ‘ Duties of Stamps Ihould be granted in lieu of the Duties afoi

*	faid, and that the Regulations hereinafter contained Aonld I ' ‘ eftablifhed for the Colleftion and Management of all Stamp Duti ‘1 in Ireland:9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may1 ’ enafted ; and be it enafted by The Kang's Moft Excellent Maiefl

by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual a Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, a Recited Aft*	by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Commcx

repealed.	ment of this Aft, the faid recited Afts, and all Duties by the tl

Afts, or any of them, granted or impofed, and all Allowances refpeft of the faid Duties, and all Regulations contained in the fa Afts for collefting Or enforcing of the faid Duties, or any of the except as to the fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed; fave and except fo I ■Recovery of	aB t]je AftB, or any of them, repeal any former Aft or Afts

A^^eala*ftc,	Parliament, or any Clause, matter or4fnng therein contained; a

<	.	'fave as to the raffing, recovering, allowing or paying, after t

- pl . >	Commencement of Ate Aft, of any Arrears of Duty or ABowan<

* under the faid Afts, Or iny of them, or any other Aft or Afts ’ Parliament which (halt then reiham uxlrepealed; and five a* to a

...«	>	.	, _	Pi

59® GEO.IIL

Ci 66ik



149.

{cooDeoced or to be commenced in any Court, Civil or. l<r otherwife, again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any Fine, t Forfeiture or Poniihment for or in refped of any Crime n committed or to be committed,, before the Commence--Irf da A d, againfL the (aid A 6b, or any of them, or any tAd or Ads of Parliament in anywife relating to the CoL-L ~r Muagcmeot of Stamp Duties, which,, if committed after mracement of this Ad, would under the Provifions thereof, foch ocher Ad or Ads as afbrefaid,. fubjed the Offender to t or a greater Fine, Forfeiture, Penalty or Punifhment re-

. A*d be it further enaded, That from and after the Com- Duties fpncbW* t of this Ad, in lieu and inffead of the Duties and. Allow- “ Schedule in-Bn by tbs Ad repealed, these (hall be granted, raffed, levied,, “jjj IpBeded aad paid, in Irelandunto his Majefty, hit Heirs and Allowances 'wxdfcw, for and in refped of the feveral Inftrumenta, Articles, thwsui deferibed ©ttrn and dungs mentioned, enumerated and deferibed in the mad*

Schedule to this Ad annexed, the fereral Sums of Money and Duties p they are refpe&vely inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Words tad Figures in the faid Schedule, and in each and every Part thereof tad that there {hall be allowed and paid for or in refped pf all fuch-Artkks,maittm or things as are inferted, enumerated and deferibed in the (aid Schedule in tnat Behalf, the feveral Allowances inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the (aid Schedule y and that no Sum or Sums of Money fall'be paid or given in the nature of Difcount or.

Allowance on the Purchafe of Stamps, .other than fuch as is and are expteffed and dirtded in the laid Schedule, any thing in any former Act or Mi to the contrary notwithstandingand that the (aid Schedule sod erery Chafe, Regulation, matter and thing therein refpedridy contained, fall be deemed, .taken and coufidered as Part of this M.

Ill- Avrided siwars,. aad be. it enaded, That in all cafes where* Bonds, *c. now-any Bond, Receipt, Deed , or Inffruxnent of any Nature or Kind	from

whatever, is exprcfcly exempted from any Stamp Duty, by any Ad z!!!?ptl7?y to or Ads is force it the time of the pafiing of this Ad, and not * ex prefif repealed hy this Ad or any other Ad, every fuch Bond,

Recrift, Deed or loftroment (hall remain fo exempted, and (hall hoc be dnrged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty in this Ad or the Schedule thereto axuexed, any thing in tnis Ad or in the faid Schedule to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding..

IV. And he it further enaded, That the feveral Duties and Al- Duties under howancei by this Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed granted and Management of made payable fall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commiifiooers of Stamps in Ireland, for the time being; and	**"

that the hid Duties, and all other Duties which (hall from time to time be under the Care of the Commiilioners of Stamps in Ireland^. fail be denominated and be deemed and takes to be Stamp Duties*

Y. Aad be it further enaded. That the Duties and Allowances Duties paid in by tin Ad granted and made payable, and all Stamp Duties, which Britifli Cur- ^ Mbe horn time to time payable in frelandi and as to which it f&all "ncy» elCi£l kexprefily otherwise provided, fhall be paid and payable ac- 6^ or between cor&g to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, except only fuch 6d. and is. of the iff Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sam of Sixpence and the Sum of One Shilling j and which laid Duj-'	*	L 3 t	tien

56° GEO.IIL

A.D.1816.

Perfons not authorized, making or ufing Paper marked with the Word* “ Stamp Office,** &c.

or affifting,

Felony.

Writing to cover the Sumps that they may not be applicable to any other Deed.

“ Stamp Office,” either alone or with fuch Figures as the (aid Commiffioners (hall from time to time think proper, (hall be vifible in the Subftance of fuch Paper, and to caufe fuch Paper to be made by fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be for that Purpofe authorized and appointed by the faid Commiffioners under Hand and Seal.

LI1. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon not being an Officer, Workman, Servant or Agent for the time being of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, and authorized and appointed by them for that Purpofe and for their Ufe only, (hall make or ufe, or caufe or procure to be made or ufed, or knowingly aid or affift in making or ufing, or, without being authorized ana appointed as aforefaid, flail knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, with* out lawful Excufie, the Proof whereof (haU be on the Perfon sccufed, any Frame, Mould or Inftrument for the making of Paper in the Subftance whereof the Words <* Stamp Office,” or the greater Part of fuch Words wonld be vifible, or ra the Subftance whereof any Device or Diftindtion would be vifible peculiar to and appearing ia the Subftance of the Paper which (hall from time to time be ufed by the Commiffioners of Stamps as aforefaid; or (hall make, or caufe or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or affift in making any Paper in ike Subftance whereof there (hall be vifible the (aid Words ** Stamp Office,” or the greater Part of fuch Words, or any fuch Device or Diftin&ion peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper which (hall be (b ufed by the faid Commiffioners of Stamps; or if any Perfon, not being authorized or appointed as aforefaid, (hall knowingly have in his or her Cuftody or Pofleffion, without lawful Excufe, the Proof whereof (hall be on die Perfon accufed, any Paper whatsoever in the Subftance whereof there (hall be vifible the Words “ Stamp Office,” or the greater Part of fuch Words, or any Device or Diftindtion peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of Paper fo from time to time nfed by the (aid Commiffioners 9 or if any Perfon, not being authorized or appointed as aforefaid, (hall by any Art, Device, Myftery or Contrivance caufe or procure, or knowingly aid or affift in caufing or procuring to appear in the Snb-ftance of any Paper whatfoever the Words u Stamp Office,” or the greater Part of fuch Words, or any fuch Device or Di&indtioa peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper which (haU be fo ufed by the faid Commifliouers of Stamps, every Perfon fo offending in any of the faid cafes, and being thereof lawfuBjr ceo-vifted, mall for fuch Offence be adjudged a Felon, and (hull be tranfported for the term of his ov her Life.

LlII. And be it further ena&ed, That al matter* and things in refpe& whereof any of the (aid Stamp Doties (hail be payable, flail be written or printed or written and printed in fuch manner (asd if printed or written in Part or entirely before being ftamped mall be lo ftamped) that fome Part of the Writing or Printing thereof (hall be on the Stamps or Marks which fhaH in purfuance of any A£t or AAs then in force he placed on the VeHum or Parchment or Paper thereof and fuch Writing or Printing (hall from thence be (o continued in the ufual Form of writing, printing or engrafting Deeds or Writings, to that no blank Space (hall be left whereby focb Stumps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Inftrument whatsoever, upon Pain that the Perfon who (hall £0 write, engvofs or print or (tamp, or caufe to be written, engrafted or printed or ftamped,

15	any

A.D.1S16.

56° GEO. III.

C.56.

171

any Inch Wilting, matter or thing contrary to the true Intent and meaning hereof, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty.

Pounds.

LTV. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Com- Payment of Sal-rocnrrment of this A&, no Public Officer (hall in any cafe be enti- *» PuWif tied to or be allowed Credit in Account either by the Commiffioners of OV3 or Military Accounts, or in any other way, or on any Occa- Cpip^rapad fm whatfoever, tor aoy Sum or Sums whatfoever at paid to or for lie Ufe of any Public Officer, Servant or Penfioner, for or on account of any Salary, Profit, Emolument, Fee, Reward or Penfion, ankb fuch Payment (hall be vouched by a Receipt for the feme duly fiamped, where a Stamp (hall be required by Law.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Playing Cards or Dice Cards and Dice (hall be uttered, vended, fold or expofed to Sale, or played with, exfof^jto Sale or (hall be kept by any Perfon with Intent to utter, vend, fell or	y

expofe to Sale, or play with the fame, which (hall not be duly foaled, marked and Ramped refpe&ively, according to Law, upon Pata that every Perfon who (hall utter, vend, fell or expofe to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in Ids or her Poffefion with Intent to totter, vend, fell or play with the feme, any fuch Cards or Dice which (hall not be Co foaled, marked or damped, (hall forfeit for every fuch Pack of Cards, or for every fuch Die fo uttered, vended, fold or expofed to Safe, or played with, or fo in his or her Pofieffion with Intent to utter, vend, fell or play with the fame, the Sum of Five Penalty. Pounds.

LV I. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon (hall engcofe, Perfon* not to write or print, or caufe to be engrofied,. written or printed, or partly eogroO, or have written and partly printed upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, *n t^IIAPoffef“ any Infirumeut, Writing or thing for which fuch VeUum, Parch- w^Q^t t^*eot* meat or Paper ought, according to the Laws which (hall be then in proper Sumps, force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, or fhall utter, tffue, accept, receive or knowingly have in his or her Pofieffion, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having fuch Inftrument, Writing, matter or thing engrofied, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed thereon, fitch Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or damped with fuch Mark or Stamp, as mall be by Law required for fuch Inftrumeot,

Writings matter or thing, at the time of fo engroffing, writing or

printing the feme, or being marked or damped for any lower Duty or

Duties than the Duty or Duties which (haul be then by Law payable

thereon in refpe& of the matter or thing fo engrofied, wntten.or printed

thereon, or bring marked or damped with any Mark or Stamp which

(hall have been previoufly ufed for any other Purpofe, fuch Perfon fo

offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty.

Pounds; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any time file or Law Proceedings

caufe to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleading, to be filed

Affidavit or other Proceeding, matter or thing whatfoever, in refpect without the

whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be then payable, and there (hall not rroper tamp8’

be any tune exprefely allowed by Law for damping the feme after the

filing thereof and that finch Pleading, Affidavit, Proceedings matter

or thing (hall not at the time of filing thereof be duly damped, then

and in every fuch cafe every Perfon who (hall fo file the feme, or caufe

the feme to be filed, and alfo every Officer of fuch Court who (hall

receive the fame,1 flail far every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty

66° GEO. in.

A.D.1816.

Forging Stamps, or fraudulently uftng them, &c.

Eledion to buy the fame of the Officers or Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflionera at the ufual Rates above the faid Duty, or to bring their own Vellumy Parchment and Paper to be ftamped as aforefaid, or to fumifti themfelves from others who (hall be legally entitled to utter, vend or fell the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any of the Dominions thereto belonging, (hall counterfeit or forge, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, to refemble or represent, or be miftaken for any Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or uled at the Sump Office in Dublin, for deimting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Papor, or other matter direded to be ftamped, any of the Stamp Duties payable under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads which has been or Audi be at any time in force in Ireland, although fuch A& or Ads may not be in force, or fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp may not be Kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office at the time of fuch forging or counterfeiting; or if any Perfon or Perfons (fave and except fuch Perfon or Perfons as (nail be lawfully entitled and authorized to have and to ufe the fame for the Purpofe of damping Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter direded to be ftamped by or under the Authority of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps for the time being) (hall have in his, her or their Poffeffion, any Type, Die or Mark or Stamp made to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or ufod, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter direded to be damped, any of the faid Stamp Duties fo payable as aforefaid, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, shall not be then kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby (hall not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be marked or impreffed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter which heretofore was or hereafter (hall be direded to be damped, any Device, Mark or Impreffion to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Impreffion which has been or ftiall be ufed, kept or made, marked er impreffed at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking oa Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing fo direded to be ftamped, any of the faid Sump Dudes fo payable under or by virtue of any Ad of Parliament which (hall be or (hall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when fuch Mark, Device or Impreffion (hall have been fo ufed, kept or made, marked or impreffed, at the (aid Office, although fuch Ad or A&s may not be in force, or fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion may not be ufed or kept, marked or impreffed at the faid Office, at the time of fuch Offence committed; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall ufe, utter, vend or fell, or caufe to be ufed, uttered, vended or fold, or (hall have in his or her Poffeffion, with Intent to ufe, utter, vend or fell the fame, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion thereon, to refemble or reprefent, or be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Impreffion which has been or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforefaid for the

Purpofcf

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

163

Purpofei aforefaid, or any of them, although not then ufed or kept for die fad Purpofes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby (hafl not be then payable in Ireland, knowing fucn Device,

Mark or Impreflion to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commiffioners of Stamps, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, (hall with Intent *to defraud His Majefty, bis Heirs or Succeflors, mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be marked or impreffed, or be aiding, abetting or affifting in marking or impreffing, or in caufing or procuring to be marked or im-preffed any Stamp, Mark or Impreflion, denoting any of the faid Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter dire&ed to be damped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the laid Commiffioners of Stamps for the Purpofe of being damped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, which has been or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforefaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the laid Stamp Duties fo payable under or by virtue of any A&L of Parliament, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp (hall not be then kept at the faid Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby (Kail not be then payable, in Ireland; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, with Intent to defraud His Majefiy, his Heirs or Sue-ceflors, knowingly have in his, her or their PofTeffion any Vellum,

Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be damped, fo fraudulently damped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforefaid Duties, then and in every of the faid cafes, any Felony, and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, mall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for JLife.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Licenfed Per-Vellum, Parchment or Paper fhall at any time be found in the fans havingcoun-PofTeffion of any Perfon licenfed to deal in and retail Stamps in	m

Ireland, or who fhall have been fo licenfed within Six Calendar t0 tjJelon months then next preceding, having impreffed thereon any coun* penalties of terfeit Device, Mark or Impreflion to refemble or repreient, or vending forged intended or liable to be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Im- Stamps, unlefa it preifion which has been or fhall be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp Proved that Office aforefaid, for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, although fuch Device, Mark or Impreflion fhall not then be ufed or kept tor stamp Office, or the faid Purpofes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted offomeDiftri-thereby fliall not be then payable in Ireland, then and in every blKor* fuch cafe the Perfon in whole PofTeffion fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper (hall be fo found fhall be deemed and taken to have fo had the fame in his or her PofTeffion with Intent to ufe, utter or vend the lame with fuch counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreflion thereon, unlefa the contrary fhall be iatisfa&orily proved, and fhall alfo be deemed and taken to have had fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo in his or her PofTeffion, knowing the Stamps, Devices,

Marks or Impreffions thereon to be forged, falfe and counterfeited, and fuch Perfon fhall be liable to all Penalties apd Punifhments by Law impofed or in Aided upon Perfons ufmg, uttering or vending falfe, forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having fuch falfe,' forged or counterfeit Stamps in their PofTeffion, knowing the fame to be forg?<f, uolefs fuch Perfon fhall in all cafes fatisfadorily prove that fuch Vellum, Parchment and P , and the Stamps thereon, was

or

164

C. sa.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

having forged Dies or Sumps, &c. may be fevched.

or were procured by or for fuch Perfon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from fome Diftributor of Stamps in Ireland.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That on Complaint made Irvine forced ° before any 0“e Juftice of the Peace upon the Oath of One credible V	Witnefs, that there is juft caufe to fufpe& any One or more Perfon

or Perfons of being or having been concerned in making any falfe or counterfeit Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or of unlawfully having any fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Pofleffion, or of unlawfully marking or impreffing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion, or of unlawfully having in his or her Pofleffion, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impreffing, or caufing or procuring to be marked or imprefled, or of aiding, abetting or affifting in marking or impreffing, or in caufing or procuring to be marked or imprefled, any Stamp, Mark or Im-preffion on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commiffioners of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Pofleffion any Velbun, Parchment, Paper or other matter as afotefaid, unlawfully or fraudulently damped or marked contrary to any of the Purpofes or Regulations contained in this A&, or in any other A& or A&s relating to the •Stamp Duties in Ireland\ then and in each and every or any of the laid cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for PremUei may be fuch Juftice by Warrant under his Hand to caufe the Dwelling

entered and torched.

Vellum, &c to be damped before engrafted.

Houfe, Room, Work Shop, Out Houfe or other Building, Yard, Garden or other Place belonging to fuch fufpe&ed Perfon or Perfons, or where any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali be fufpe&ed to carry on any fuch marking or counterfeiting, or to fecrete any fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any fuch Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Macliinery neceffary or applicable for or to the making any fuch Impreffion as aforefaid, to be fearched for any fuch Type, Die, Mark, Stamp, Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thing whatfoever ; and if any of the faid feveral matters and things (hall be found in any Place fo fearched, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, not having the fame by fome lawful Authority, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons lb finding the fame, to feize, and he and they is and arc hereby authorized and required to feize the fame refpe&ively, and to carry the fame forthwith to the Juftice by whom fuch Warrant (hall be granted, or to any other Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, JDiftri& or Place where the fame (hall be feized, who (hall caufe the fame to be fecured and produced in Evidence againft any Perfon or Perfons who (hall or may be profecuted for anr of the Offences aforefaid, in fome Court of Juftice proper for the Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the faid matters and things To feized, whether fo produced in Evidence or not, (hall by Order of the Court where fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be tried, or by Order of fome Juftice of the Peace, in cafe there (hall be no fuch Trial, be defaced or deftroyed, or otherwife difpofed of, » fuch Court or fuch Juftice (hall dire&.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper. whereon any of the matters or things in refpe& whereof any

Stamp

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. lit.

C. 56*

165

Stamp Duty (hall be then payable, (hall be engrofled or written, (hall previous to (iich engroffing or writing be (lamped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Payment of the proper Duty thereon refpe&ively, and the Commiffioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Perfon or Perfong bringing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dubli*9 forthwith without any Fee or Reward to damp or mark the fame with any of the Stamps or Marks which (hall be then ufed at the faid Office, and whicn fuch Perfon (hall require,

(fare and except fuch Marks or Stamps as (hall be then confined as hereinafter mentioned, to be impreffed only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the faid Stamp Office,) fuch Perfon or Perfons paying to foch Officer or Officers as (hall be appointed in that Behalf the mpe&ive Duties which they (hall require to have fo damped or marked on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo brought by him, her or them.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Commiffioner of Firing Stamps * Stamps or any Officer of the Commiffioners of Stamps (hall fix or before Duty paid imprefs any fuch Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment * du,T denied, or Paper which (hall be brought to the Stamp Office aforefaid to be damped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby (hall be duly anfwered or paid, (or duly fecured to be paid to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in fuch cafes where fuch Security may by Law be taken!, every fuch Commiffioner of Stamps or Officer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds, and (hall alfo be anfwerable for all and every fuch Duty as if fuch Commiffioner or Officer had duly received fuch Duty or Duties, and (hall for that Purpofe be deemed and taken to have received the {ante.

XLIL And be it further exuded. That in all cafes where, under Stamm becoming or by the Provifions of this or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, inapplicable miy any Stamps (hall at any time be or become inapplicable to or in* be damped whh fumdent for the Purpofes for which the fame were intended, then snrnm on and whenever it (hall to happen, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com- ference being nriffioners, or any of them, upon Requefl of any Perfon or Perfons paid, producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with fuch Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they (hall think proper fo to do, that inch Vellum, Parchment or Paper be damped with any new or additional Or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting fuch Duties as the Perfon or Perfons requelling the lame (hall require, the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which (hall nave been fird im-prefled or marked on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and fuch Stamps as (hall be fo required to be impreffed or marked on the feme.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That upon Proof on Oath or Stamps fpoijed (oleum Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the faid Com- froro being writ-nriffioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them ten upon and not in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation fuch ching^yfor Officer is hereby empowered to radminider,) to the Satisfa&ion of others, Oath Inch Commiffioner or Officer, that any Deed or Indrument written being made to or printed upon any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not certain Putlr been executed or figned by any Party or Parties, or that fuch Vellum, culan* Parchment, or Paper hath not been ufed for any of the Purpofes for

M 3	which

ioo

L,.

UJC<U. III.

a.i;. 1010.

Provifo as to time within which Paper, &c-to be brought to Commit fiooers.

Provifo.

Relief for Stamps on In* ftruments found to be void, &c.

which the fame was or were intended, and that the Perfon making fuch Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Perfon on his Account, received, and that fuch Perfon will not receive any Money or other Confideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the faid Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Perfon making fuch Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by fuch Perfon to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that luch Perfon will be a Lofer to fuch Amount unlefs fuch Perfon ffiall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon the Perfon or Perfons who ffiall produce fuch Proof delivering fuch damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for Ufe as aforefaid, and delivering at the fame time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be damped, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Commiffioners ffiall caufe the fame to be damped or marked with the feveral and refpedive Duties damped, marked or im-preffed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo rendered unfit for Ufe, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Perfon fo requiring the fame fird paying the Difference of the Amount

iif any) : Provided always, that fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper o damped, ffiall be brought to the Commiffioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin within Six Calendar months next after the fame ffiall have been fo engroffed or written upon, if the fame ffiall belong to any Perfon or Perfons refident in Dublin, or within Ten Miles of the Cadle of Dublin, or within Twelve Calendar months after the fame (hall have been fo engroffed or written upon, if fuch Stamps ffiall belong to Perfons refident elfewhere : Provided alfo, that the faid Commiffioners, or any Officer under their Authority, ffiall not be required or obliged to imprefs on any Paper, Parchment or Vellum fo brought any Stamp or Mark which mail then be confined to Paper having the Water Mark of the dud Stamp Office.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any fuch Stamps as ffiall have been uled for or upon any Prefentations to Ecclefiadical Benefices which (hall not be followed by Inditution; or for or upon any Indruments which ffiall have been ugned by any Party or Psfrties, but which ffiall have been afterwards found to be abfolutely void in Law from the Beginnings or which by reafon of any Error or Midake therein ffiall have been afterwards found unfit for the Purpofe originally intended, or which by reafon of the Death of any Perfon whofe Signature ffiall have been neceffary thereto without having figned the lame, or by reafon of the Refufal of any fuch Perfon to fign the lame cannot be com-pleated fo as to effed the Tranfadion in the Form propofed, or which for want of the Signature of fome material and neceffiuy Party ffiall have in fad become incomplete and infufficient for the Purpofe intended, or which by reafon of the Refufal of any Perfon to ad under the fame, or by the Refufal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trud thereby granted ffiall have failed of their intended Purpofe, or which for want of Inrolment within the time required by Law ffiall have become null and void, or which ffiall have become ufelefs in confequence of the Tranfadion therein mentioned being effeded by fome other Indrument or Indruments duly damped, fo that the Indrument for which an Allowance of Stamps ffiall be

claimed.

fcB'.wit

S6° GEO. III.

C. 56.

I5t

Votoed^ttt xhd diftind from all other Moniei paid or payable to'fiMajefrr, bis Hein and Succeffora, on any Account what* farm; ad that neither the Sixpence ferPound nor any other JtrMberable to or be dedu&ed or received by any Officer or No Fee.

OScers of fcs Mrie&y’s Treafury for or on account ot the ifluing sr ftyneat of asy Sum or Sums of Money anting by or which (hall k received for or on account of any Stamp Duties or of any Pay* seat to he made by the Receiver General of Sump Duties in sooner sforebdd, but that the fame (hall be received and duly ac- Monty carried counted for to His Maie&y, his Heira and Sncceflors, and all the 10 Confolidated Honey pad into the (aid Treafury, on the Account of the faid Duties, had he carried to and be made Past of the Confolidated laaitflrefarf.

' IXm And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Perfons who have been or who (hall be refpe&ively employed in receiving, col-k&fagor paying say Stamp Duties, (halt exhibit tbeir reipe&ive

Fund of Ireland.

Account! of Duties exhibited to CoumUIiaH

Aeesnb if fwh Duties to the Commiffioners for auditing the p”wk Acwunu Pdfic Accounts of Irtknd for the time being, or the major Part rtqu'ue4. of them, when oiled on by them, or any One or more of them, for thottapb; and the faid Commiffioners of Public Accounts sea ba&y leCpe&zvely authorized and required from time to time to exam* apoi Oath the (aid Perfons who (hall be fo employed m raffing, iteming or colle&ing the faid Duties, as to their laid Accounts, and ai to the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have been bv them, or any of them refpe&ively, railed, colle&ed, or refxxvedwtka the time of fuch tbeir Accounts, and likewife what Part, thereof yihave been by them, or any of them, paid to the Reeesvtr Garni, or into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in /reW, nd* vba times refpe&ively 3 and in accounting before Vouchers to bo the tied Conuaifiogen of Public Accounts, the faid Perfons (hall produced, produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sum9 of Money by them received aid raid; and the faid Commiffioners of Public Accounts, or then^orftrtof them, are hereby authorized and required finally to aadsadfettle foch Accounts 3 which faid Accounts, when to Accounts figned audited ad fettled, (hall be figned by the faid Commiffioners of by Com million -PnWkAconti, or the major Part of them, and (hall be at all times, er* of Public to the O&cm therein concerned, a full and fufficient Warrant and Accounts a Dif-DtTcharge to 2O latent! and Purpofes, according to the true Intent, cn*r8<*

Measwg ad Import thereof refpe&ively.

XXVIII,	And be it further enaded. That the Types, Marks The Type* and and Stamps winch are already kept or ufed for denoting and marking Sumps now or on Veftnn, Parchment, and Paper, or on Playing Cards or on Dice,	t0	**

the fowl and rtfpeftive Duties heretofore granted, or any of them,	-

or wW (hall hereafter be kept or ufed at the Sump Office in denoting the’ Ddb, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, Duties, (hall be or 01 Playing Cards or on Dice, the feveral and refpe&ive Stamp lawful Drin which (hall from time to time be payable thereon refpe&ively,

Vf Lav io Ireland, (hall be the only true and lawful Types, Marls

tad Stamps for the damping and impreffing of all Vellum, Parch-

am ad Paper, on which any of the feveral things in refpe&

thereof any Stamp Duty (hall from time to time be payable, have

fci or fall be engroffed or written, and for damping Playing Cards

or Dice according to Law 5 and that if at any time there (hall not WhentbertU

J*«7fckTyi*,M«rk «rSump -	prtcifcly «nT of	tfce

Stamp

168

C.56.

56" GEO-III.

A.D.1816.

Penalty.

Oil certain Pay. meats made, Inftrument* to receive proper Stamp.

Per Com unknowingly ufing a forged Stamp, proving that it was bought at the Sump Office, Sec. may have the Inftru-ment properly (lamped, on making ceruin Payments.

ifave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers, or other 'erfon or Perfona) before fuch time as the faid Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or (hall be marked or damped with fuch Mark or Stamp as was or (hall be by Law required for the fame, or hath or have engroffed or written the fame, or caufed the lame to be engroffed or written, or fhall engrofs or write the fame, or caufe the lame to be engroffed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not damped with any Duty, or damped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time, in refpeft of what hath been or (hall be lb engroffed or written thereon, then and in every fnch cafe there (hall be paid to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the Remainder or tne whole of the Amount of the Duty (as the cafe may be) fo payable by Law for every fuch Deed, Infbrument or Writing, and alfo the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the fame fhall be brought to be (lamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of fuch Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above fuch Duty, or Remainder of Duty, payable a6 aforefaid; and the proper Officers refpe&ively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of fuch Duty, or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the cafe may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that (hall be proper for fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing refpe&ively.

XLVI1I. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon hath engroffed or written, at any time fince the Commencement of any Ad for impofmg Stamp Duties in Ireland, or fhall at any time hereafter engrofs or write, or caufe to be engroffed or written, any of the matters or things for which Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of fuch Writing or Engroflment was or (hall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons (other than fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall have engroffed or written or caufed to be engroffed or written, or (hall engrofs or write or caufe to be enproffed or written, any fuch matter or thing upon any fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with atfy forged or counterfeit Stamp, knowing fuch Stamp to be forged or counterfeited, and othe* than fuch Perfon who (hall have hnpreffed any fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or (hall have caufed the fame to be impreffed with any fuch counterfeit.Stamp or Mark,) to bring fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be damped with the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty payable by Law thereon, and there (hall be paid to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the Amount of fuch Duty fo payable by Law, for every fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing, and alio the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the fame (hall be brought to be (lamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of fuch Term of Five Yean, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above- fuch Duty fo payable as aforefaid; and the proper Officers refpe&ively. are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of’ fuch Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the cafe may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp fuch Vellum, Parchment or

Piper

AJB.1M6.

s6°geo. m.

C.56.

ISO

Writing os Paper, to. not having proper Stamp. Penalty.

When Devices are changed and Notice given, Perfoos having Stamp* in Hand may nave them taken in Exchange within

Meed top 4nM be necetoy, end which after fuch Notice to kogra&d, written or pointed on any Vellum, Parchment w Apr act narked with any of the laid particular Stamp* or to & qpropriated, toll be of no other encd than if the find ( jittn iifjiidliui; had been written or printed on Velhim, Parch-tot v Paper not marked or tonped, although foch improper Skapi rcfpe&ivriy may be of the Amonat by Law required, or of by grrnur Aanuat; mad all Perfoas who ftudl fo write or print by tech Aftkfa, matter or thing on any Paper, Vellum or Parch-tot having any foch improper Stamp or Stamp* thereon, toll hear mi teierfbcb Penalty a* they would be liable to in cafe fuch Article, attar or thing refpe&ively had been written or printed on Paper, Veto or Parchment, not marked or (tamped.

XXXL Provided always, and be h cnafted, That a* often a* the Dnioa or Hub afbieuid, or any of them, toll be changed, farird or akaed, it (hall be lawful for all Perfbni who toll, at the Tto irfpe&mJy of foch Alteration or Change, have in their Cuftody or Pofleion any Vellum, Parchment or Piper, marked with the Imptrifioa of to Type, Mark or Stamp which toll hate hem Go towed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the nuttasorthopia refped whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be pay- Four Month*, able, to bate bees engrofied or written, to bring or fend at any tine wito the Space of Four Month* after the Publication of fudn Atottoent at afbrefaid, fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the find Coanjfionew of Stamps, at the Stamp Office in DubUu% or to mv DMntor of Stamps, or to any Petto appointed to aft a aTkftnbttor of 8tanps, and thereupon the proper Officer at foch Strop Office, mdfoch Diftributor or Perfbn appointed to a& a* to ttfpeffivdy, to, and he, (he and they it and are hereby required to ddner or caafc to be delivered in lieu thereof, a Quantity of Veto, ftrcianritor Paper, equal to that which (haU have beep (o bought or to at afbrefaid, with the Impreffion of fuch new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking dire&ly or toreffiy far the toe any Money or other Coufideration whatfo-ever, aider tk faulty of forfeiting for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twisty Posndi, and the laid Stamp* or Marks which have been fariwnor ton to in every fuch cafe be immediately cancelled; ad fa de my Perfoo toll neglect or omit within the time afore- Alter Period of faid to tog or caufe to be brought and delivered unto the faid Four Month* Conuniffaam or Officers as aforefaid, any fuch Vellum, Parchment to °M StlinP* or Paper fa naked with any Type, Mark or Stamp, the Ufe of "t ** which to befa difeontmued, and which mar he changed, varied or 00 toed for ay new Type, Mark or Stamp, fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with fuch old or discontinued Stamp, (hall be and is hereby declared to be of do other EfFe£fc than if fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper fad never been damped, and that all matters and things which flail be enrrofed or written thereon, after fuch time as toll be appointed by uich Advertisement as aforefaid, for making ufe of hch new dunged or altered Types,.Marks or Stamps as aforefaid, fad he of do other Effect than it they had been engrofied or written taVdfai, Parchment or Paper, not marked or uamped, and all Piifoa vbo to engroft or write any matter or thing chargeable with ay of the Duties aforefaid, on fueh Vellum, Parchment or hftr, to the find time, toll incur and foffer fuch Penalty as is

hevein

Penalty.

•360

C.56.

.'£6n GEO. IH. '

A.D.1S16.

Perfont evadtnz the Duty to be dill liable, and the Court of Exchequer may enforce Pay- # menu

Rule to fhevr caufe granted by Exchequer.

No Deed or Writing to be given in Evidence unlelt (tamped with the proper Sump.

Deeds, See. written on a Stamp of a greater Amount, confi-dered as duly ftamped:

Except where

herein dire&ed to be inflided on Perfont writ&g or engroffing on Vellum* Parchment or Paper not marked or damped.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed* That every Perfon who hath written* printed* engrofled or executed* or who (hall print* write* engraft or execute any Record* Deed* Indrument* Copy* matter or thing in refpe& whereof any Stamp Duty is or (hall be payable upon any Vellum* Parchment or Paper* not duly damped to denote the Payment of fuch Duty* and alfo every Perfon who in any other manner whatfoever is or (hall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty* and who by any Contrivance* Negle& or Omillion (hall have avoided* negle&ed or omitted to pay any Stamp Duty which* in re-fpe& of any Ad* matter or thing heretofore done or caufed to be done by him* or hereafter to be done or caufed to be -done by hits, (hall have been by Law payable to His Maiedy* his Heirs or Suc-cefiors* (hall be accountable to His Majercy* his Heirs and Sac* cefiors* for the Amount of fuch Duty* and fuch Duty' and the Amount thereof (hall be a Debt from fuch Perfon to Hu Mriefty, his Heirs and Succeffors; and that in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Barons of His Majefty’a Court of Exchcaner in Ireland* upon Application to be made for that Purpofe on Behalf of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps* upon fuch Affidavit or Affidavits as to the Court may appear fufficient* to grant a Rule requiring fuch Perfon or Perfons to (hew caufe why he* (he or they (hould not deliver to the faid Commiffioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all fuch Duties fo due* and why the fame (hould not be forthwith paid according to Law* and to make any fuch Rule of Court abfo-lute in every cafe in which the fame may appear to the faid Court to be proper and necefiary for enforcing the Payment of any of the faid Duties* together with fuch Cods of Proceedings as the faid Court (hall think proper to award and dire&.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Courts of Judice and Judges in Ireland (hall without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf take judicial Notice of the feveral Types* Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or ufed or to be hereafter kept or ufed as aforefaid* as and for the only true and lawful Types* Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties* which from time to time have been or (hall be payable in Ireland ; and that no Record* Deed* Indrument* Writing or Printing whatever* for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper* whereon the fame is or (hall be written or printed* is or (hall be* or at the time of writing or printing the Dune was or (hall have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, though fuch Law has been or (hall have been repealed* (hall on any Pretence whatfoever be pleaded or given or received in Evidence m any Court in Ireland,* or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity* unlefs the Vellum* Parchment or Paper* whereon the fame hath been or (hall be fo written or printed* (hall be duly marked or damped with the Mark or Stamp that (hall be proper for fuch Record* Deed* Indrument or Writing or Printing refpe&ively: Provided always* that if any Deed* Indrument or Writing* (hall happen to be executed or written on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for fuch refpe&ive Deed* indrument or Writing* at the time of the Execution thereof* the fame (hall be confidered as duly damped to all Intents and Purpofes* except only in cafes where fuch Record*

Deed*

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56,

161

Deed, Inftrument or Writing, (hall be of a kind for which feparate and particular Stamps or Marks (hall have been provided as afore-faid, in which cafe the fame (hall not be confidered as duly (lamped, for or in refped of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unlefs fuch greater Stamp fo imprefled thereon (hall be One of the Stamps or Marks fo appropriated to fuch kind of Record, Deed, Inftrument or Writing.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if at any time or on any Occafion whatfoever, in any Court or Courts it (hall be alledged by either Party, or if any Judge or Judges of any fuch Courts (hall have any Realon to fufpfed that any Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps appearing on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon (hall be written or printed any Record, Deed, Inftrument, Writing or Printing, produced before fuch Court or Courts, is or are or may be fbvved or counterfeited, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Jodge or Judges, and he or they is and are hereby required to make Enquiry thereupon, and to receive thereupon fuch Information and Evidence on Oath as (hall be offered by either Party, or as it (hall be within the Power of fuch Judge or Judges to obtain, and to decide and determine whether fuch Stamp or Stamps is or are genuine or forged or counterfeited; and fuch Determination and JDeciliott (hall, as to the Purpofes of the Trial or Occafion on which the fame (hall be made, but no further, be final and conclufive.

XXXV* And be it farther ena6ted. That the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties for the time being (hall and may from time to time, as they (hall fee Occafion, appoint one or more fit Perfon or Perfons* to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Irelandy which Perfon or Perfons (hall have full Power and Authority to infpeft and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which any of the matters or things in refpe& of which any Stamp Duty (hall at any time be payable (hall have been engroffed or written or put, and alfo the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and alfo all other matters and things tending to fecure the Duties which have been or (hall from time to time be payable upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland; and that the Judges in the feveral Courts in Ireland, and fuch others to whom it may appertain, at the Requeft •f the faid Commiflioners, or of any of them, (hall make fuch Orders in their refpedive Courts, and do fuch other matters and things for the better fecuring of the faid Duties as (hall be lawfully and reafonably defired in that Behalf.

XXXVI.	And, for the better Diftribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Perfons may have the fame with Convenience and at an eafy Rate, be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall, as often as he or they (hall think proper, fet the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper (hall be fold ; and the faid Commiflioners of Stamps (hall (lamp the Prices fo fet upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum at Parchment, and on every Piece or Sheet of Paper fo by them to be fold; and that the faid- Commiflioners (hall take fpecial Care that the feveral Parts of Ireland (hall from time to time be fuf-ficiendy fumilhed with fuch Vellum, Parchment and Paper, damped or marked as aforefaid, fo that all Perfons may have it in their 56 Gko. III.	M	Election

feparate Stamps are provided.

Courts to determine in cafes where Stamps are alledged to be Forgeries.

CommifBonen may appoint fit Perfons to attend Count to examine Stamps.

Prices fixed at which Vellum, Parchment and Paper fold, and Perfons may cither buy the lame, or bring their own to be Damped.

162

C. 56.

S6° GEO. III.

A.D.1

Forging Stamps, or fraudulently ufing them, Ac.

Ele&ion to buy tbe fame of the Officers or Perfons to be emp by the faid Commiffioners at tbe ufual Rates above the faid ] or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be fb as aforefaid, or to furnifh thcmfelves from others who (hall be le entitled to utter, vend or fell the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon ii Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and I reload > any of the Dominions thereto belonging, (hall counterfeit or f< or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Mark or Stamp, to refemble or represent, or be minaken fot Type, Dye, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or i or hereafter to be kept or uled at the Stamp Office in Dublin, denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Pa or other matter directed to be (tamped, any of the Stamp Di payable under or by virtue of any A& or A&s which hsi been Auul be at any time in force in Ireland, although fuch or A thay not be in force, or fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp my t be Kept or ufed at the (aid Stamp Office at the time of fuch forgii or counterfeiting; or if any Perfon or Perfons (lave and act fuch Perfon or Perfons aa (hall be lawfully entitled and author to have and to ufe the fame' for the Purpofe of (tamping Velk Parchment or Paper, or other matter dire&ed to be (tamped by under the Authority of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps for time being) (hall have in his, her or their PofTeffion, any Type, 1 or Mark or Stamp made to refemble or reprefent, or be miftal for any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or uH hereafter to be kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office, for deooti the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Piper, oroti matter dire&ed to be (tamped, any of the (aid Stamp Duties payable as aforefaid, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stan IhaH not be then kept or ufed at the faid Stamp Office, or the Du denoted thereby (hall not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Peri or Perfons (hall mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be mark or impreffed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matt which heretofore was or hereafter (hall be directed to be ftampt any Device, Mark or Impreffion to refemble or reprefent, or I miitakon for any Device, Mark or Impreffion which has been < (hall be ufed, kept or made, marked or impreffed at the Stan Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking oaVelluc Parchment or Paper, or other matter or thing fo dire&ed to 1 (lamped, any of the faid Stamp Duties fo payable under or I virtue of any A& of Parliament which (hall be or (hall hate been force in Ireland at or before the time when fuch Mark, Device i Impreffion (hall have been fo ufed, kept or made, marked or ir prefled, at the (aid Office, although fuch Adi or A&s nay not be force, or fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion may not be ufed or kep marked or imprefled at the faid Office, at the time of fuch Offa* committed; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall ufe, utter, vend or fc or caufe to be ufed, uttered, vended or fold, or ihall have in his < her Poflcffion, with Intent to ufe, utter, vend or fell the fame, as Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter, with any counted: Device, Mark or Impreflion thereon, to refemble or reprefent, < be miilaken for any Device, Mark or Impreffion which has b« or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforefaid for tl

Purpoft

A.D.181&

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

163

Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, although not then ufed or kept for the fad Purpofes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted thereby /hall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing fuch Device,

Mark or Impreflion to be counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commiffioners of Stamps, or any other Perfon or Perloni whatever, (hall with Intent'to defraud His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be marked or imprefied, or be aiding, abetting or affifting in marking or impreffing, or in cauiing or procuring to be marked or im-preffed any Stamp, Mark or Impreffion, denoting any of the faid Stamp Duties on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other matter dire&ed to be damped, not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the laid Commiffioners of Stamps for the Puipofe of being damped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, which has been or /hail be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforefaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the faid Stamp Duties fo payable under or by virtue of any A A of Parliament, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp fhall not be then kept at the faid Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby (hall not be then payable, in Ireland; or if any Perfon or Perfons /hall, with Intent to defraud His Majefty, his Heirs or Suc-ceflors, knowingly have in his, her or their Poffeffion any Vellum,

Parchment or Paper, or other matter required to be ftamped, fo fraudulently ftamped or marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforefaid Duties, then and in every of the faid cafes, any Felony, and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vi&ed, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for Life.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That whenever any Licenfed Per-Vellum, Parchment or Paper (hall at any time be found in the fon» havingcoun-Po/Teffioo of any Perfon licenfed to deal in and retail Stamps in	,n

Ireland, or who (hall have been fo liceftfed within Six Calendar ijaWetothe*011 months then next preceding, having impreffed thereon any coun* Penalties of terfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion to refemble or represent, or vending forged intended or liable to be miftaken for any Device, Mark or Im- Stamps, unlefs it preffion which has been or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Stamp b* Pro*ed tbat Office aforefaid, for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, although cu^d*aVther°~ fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion (hall not then be ufed or kept for stamp Office, or the faid Purpofes, or any of them, or although the Duty denoted of fome DifhU thereby (hall not be then payable in Ireland, then and in every bmor* fuch cafe the Perfon in whole Poffeffion fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper (hall be fo found (hall be deemed and taken to have fo had tne fame in his or her Poffeflion with Intent to ufe, utter or ▼end the fame with fuch counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion thereon, unlefs the contrary (hall be fatisfa&orily proved, and fhall alfo be deemed and taken to have had fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo in his or her Poffeffion, knowing the Stamps, Devices,

Marks or Impreffions thereon to be forged, falfe and counterfeited, and fuch Perion (hall be liable to all Penalties apd Punifhments by Law impofed or infli&ed upon Perfons ufing, uttering or vending falfe, forged or counterfeit Stamps, or having fuch falfe, forged or counterfeit Stamps in their Poffeffion, knowing the fame to be forged, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall in all cafes fatisfa&orily prove that fuen Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the Stamps thereon, was

M2	or

164

C. 56.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D.181&

or were procured by or for fuch Perfon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from fome Diftributor of Stamps in Ireland.

?°U?rXXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That on Complaint made Wi fbreed °f before any One Juftice of the Peace upon the Oath of One credible Die* or Sumps, Witnefs, that there is juft caufe to fufpeft any One or more Perfon &c. m*y be or Perfons of being or having been concerned in making any falfe fearched.	or counterfeit Type, I)ie, Mark or Stamp, or of unlawfully having

any fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp in his or her Pofleflion, or of unlawfully marking or impreffing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion, or of unlawfully having in his or her Pofleflion, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impreffion thereon, or of unlawfully or fraudulently marking or impreffing, or caufing or procuring to be marked or imprefled, or of aiding, abetting or affifting in marking or impreffing, or in caufing or procuring to be marked or imprefled, any Stamp, Mark or Impreffion on any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, not delivered to him under the Authority of the Commiffioncrf of Stamps, or of knowingly having in his or her Pofleflion any VeQrnn, Parchment, Paper or other matter as afobefaid, unlawfully or fraudulently damped or marked contrary to any of the Purpofes or Regulations contained in this A&, or in any other A& or Ads relating to the .Stamp Duties in Ireland, then and in each and every or any of the laid cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and for Prcmifes may be fuch Juftice by Warrant under his Hand to caufe the Dwelling entu^d and	Houfe, Room, Work Shop, Out Houfe or other Building, Yard,

fie*rAe<1,	Garden or other Place belonging to fuch fufpe&ed Perfon or

Perfons, or where any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be fufpeded to carry on any fuch marking or counterfeiting, or to fecrete any fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, or any fuch Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other matter, or any of the Machinery neceflary or applicable for or to the making any fuch Impreffion as aforefaid, to be fearched for any fuch Type, Die, Mark, Stamp, Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Machinery or other matter or thing whatfoever; and if any of the faid feveral matters and things fhall be found in any Place fo fearched, or in the Cuftody or Pofleflion of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, not having the fame by fome lawful Authority, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons fo finding the fame, to feize, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to feize the fame refpe&ively, and to carry the fame forthwith to the Juftice by whom fuch Warrant fhall be granted, or to any other Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, Diftrid or Place where the fame fhall be feized, who fhall caufe the fame to be fecured and produced in Evidence againft any Perfon or Perfons who fhall or may be profecuted for any of the Offences aforefaid, in fome Court of Juftice proper for tne Determination thereof, and afterwards all and every the faid matters and things fo feized, whether fo produced in Evidence or not, fhall by Order of the Court where fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be tried, or by Order of fome Juftice of the Peace, in cafe there fhall be no fuch Trial, be defaced or deftroyed, or otherwife difpofed of, u fuch Court or fuch Juftice fhall dired.

Vellum, See. to XL. And be it further ena&ed, That all Vellum, Parchment and tore eoteflVJ* P*Pcr> whereon any of the matters or things in refpedt whereof any

I

A.D. 1*16.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

165

Stamp Doty (hall be then payable, (hall be engrofled or written, (hall previous to fiich engroffing or writing be damped and marked with the proper Marks or Stamps to denote the Payment of the proper Duty thereon refpe&irely, and the Commiifioners of Stamps and their Officers are hereby required upon Demand of any Perfon or Per£oa$ bringing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dublin, forthwith without any Fee or Reward to damp or mark the (ame with any of the Stamps or Marks which (hall be then ufed at the faid Office, and which fuch Perfon (hall require, (dive and except fuch Marks or Stamps as (hall be then confined as hereinafter mentioned, to be impreffed only on Paper, having the Water Mark of the faid Stamp Office,) fuch Perfon or Perfons paying to fuch Officer or Officers as (hall be appointed in that Behalf the rapedive Duties which they (hall require to have fo damped or marked on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo brought by him, her or them.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That if any Commifiioner of Stamps or any Officer of the Commiffioners of Stamps (hall fix or imprefs any fuch Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which (hall be brought to the Stamp Office aforefaid to be damped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby (hall be duly anfwered or paid, (or duly fecured to be paid to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in fuch cafes where fuch Security may by Law be taken 1, every fuch Commifiioner of Stamps or Officer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and (hall alfo be anfwerable for all and every fuch Duty as if fuch Commiffiooer or Officer had duly received fuch Duty or Duties, and (hall for that Purpofe be deemed and taken to nave received the fame.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where, under or by the Provifions of this or any other A6t or Ads of Parliament, any Stamps (hall at any time be or become inapplicable to or in-diffident for the Purpofes for which the fame were intended, then and whenever it (hall io happen, it (hall be lawful for tbe faid Com-mifiionert, or any of them, upon Requed of any Perfon or Perfons producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with fuch Stamp or Stamps, to order, if they (hall think proper fo to do, tint fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper be damped with any new or additional or other Stamp or Stamps, denoting fuch Duties as the Perfon or Perfons requelting the fame (hall require, the Perfon or Perfons to whom the (ame (hall be given paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which (hall nave been fird im-prefied or marked on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and fuch Stamps as (hall be fo required to be impreffed or marked on the fame.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That upon Proof on Oath or (ofemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the faid Com-miffioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation fuch Officer as hereby empowered to •adminifter,) to the Satisfa&ion of fuch Commifiioner or Officer, that any Deed or Indrument written or printed upon any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath not been executed or figned by any Party or Parties, or that fuch Vellum, J^arehment.or Paper hath not been ufed for any of the Purpofes for *	M	3	which

Fixing Scamps * before Duty paid or duly fecured.

Penalty.

Stamp* becoming inapplicable may be ftamped with new or additional Stamps on Difference being paid.

Sumps fpoijed from being written upon and not ufed may be exchanged for others. Oath being made to certain Parti* culars.

U. 50.

56° UrJfciU. 111.

A.3J.1

1 t>t>

ProviTo as to time within which Paper, &c.tobe brought to Commit, doners.

Provifo.

Relief for Stamps on Irv-ftruments found to be void. See.

which the fame was or were intended, and that the Perfon ra fuch Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other P. on his Account, received, and that fuch Perfon will not n any Money or other Confideration for the Stamp thereupon, that the faid Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the perty of the Perfon making fuch Affidavit, and have or hath paid for by fuch Perfon to the full Amount of the Doty thei and that luch Perfon will be a Lofer to fuch Amount unlefs Perfon ffiall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon Perfon or Perfons who (hall produce fuch Proof delivering 1 flamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for U£ aforefaid, and delivering at the fame time a like Quantity of Veil Parchment or Paper to be (Lamped, then and in every fuch cafe faid Commiffioners (hall caufe the fame to be (Lamped or marl with the feveral and refpe&ive Duties flamped, marked or i prefled on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo rendered unfit l Ufe, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Perfi fo requiring the fame firft paying the Difference of the Amoui

!if any) : Provided always, that fuch Vellum, Parchment or Pape o flamped, (hall be brought to the Commiffioners of Stamps: the Stamp Office in Dublin within Six Calendar months next afa the fame (hall have been fo engrofied or written upon, if the fiur (hall belong to any Perfon or Perfons refident in Dublin, or with Ten Miles of the CafUe of Dublin, or within Twelve Calend> months after the fame (hall have been fo engrofied or written upw if fuch Stamps (hall belong to Perfons refident eifewhere : Provide alfo, that the faid Commiffioners, or any Officer under their Audio rity, (hall not be required or obliged to imprefs on any Paper Parchment or Vellum fo brought any Stamp or Mark which mI then be confined to Paper having the Water Mark of the fait Stamp Office.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may h lawful for the Commiffioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any fuch Stamps as (hall have been uied for or upon any Prefentations to Ecclefiaflical Benefices which (hall not be followed by Inflitution; or for or upon any InfLruments which Dull have been figned by any Party or Psfrties, but which (hall have been afterwards found to be abfolutely void in Law from the Beginning, or which by reafon of any Error or Miflake therein (hall Jure been afterwards found unfit for the Purpofe originally intended, or which by reafon of the Death of any Perfon whofe Signature (hall have been neceffary thereto without having figned the lame, or by reafon of the Refulal of any fuch Perfon to fign the fame cannot be coo* pleated fo as to effed the Trapfa&ion in the Form propokd, or which for want of the Signature of fome material and necefiary Party (hall have in fad become incomplete and infufficient far the Purpofe intended, or which by reafon of the Refuial of any Perfon to ad under the fame, or by the Refufal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trufl thereby granted (hall have failed of their intended Purpofe, or which for want of Inrolment within the time required by Law (hall have become null and void, or which (hall have become ufelefs in confequence of the Tranfa&ion therein mentioned being effeded by fome other Inftrument or InfLruments duly damped, fo that the Inftrument for which an Allowance of Sumps fhall be

claimed,

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

167

claimed, in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall be delivered up to the

{aid Commiffioners to be cancelled; and provided the Application Time within

for the Relief which the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized which Applies- •

to give (hall be made within Six Calendar months after the Date of “°V”uabe

the Infbmtnent in queftion, except where the fame (haU have become nude*

void for want of enrolment within Six Calendar months from the

Date, and in thofe cafes within Six Calendar months next after the

feme (hall fo become void; and except where the fame (hall have

been fent abroad, and in thofe cafes within Six Calendar months

after the fame (hall have been received back; and provided no

A&iou {hall have been brought or Suit commenced in which fuch

Inftrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence ;

and provided all the Fads upon which the faid Commiffioners are

hereby authorised to give Relief (hall be duly proved by Oath (or

folemn Affirmation in the cafe of Quakers) to the Satisfaction of

the faid Commiffioners.

XL V. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Sumps nuy be feud Commiffioners of Stamps to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu Pvcn in l,cu of all fuch Stamps as (ball have been ufed for any Bills of Exchange	^	for

or Promifibry Notes, which (hall have been (igned by or on the Behalf cJJin_e of the Drawers thereof, but which (hall not have been delivered out Nous not deli-of their Hands to the Payees therein named, or to any Perfon on veredout,*& their Behalf, or depofited with any Perfon as a Security tor the Payment of Money, or any way negoexated, iffued or put in Circulation, or made nib of in any other manner whatfoever; and which Bills of Exchange (hall not have been accepted by the Drawees, or tendered for fuch Acceptance, provided that luch Bills of Exchange and Promifibry Notes (hall be brought for Allowance and be delivered up to tbe faid Commiffioners, at their Stamp Office in Dublin, to be cancelled within Six Calendar months next after the Date of fiich Bills and Notes, or after the figning of the fame, if they (hall not bear Date; and provided all the Fads upon which die faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized to give Relief (hall be folly proved by Oath (or folemn Affirmation in the cafe of Quakers) to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Regulations in lawful for tbe (aid Commiffioners of Stamps to make fuch Rules regard to Allow-and Regulations, and to require Affidavits (or folemn Affirmations ,nce for SumP* in the cafe of Quakers) of all fuch Fads and Circum(lances, in regard to the Allowance of Stamps in all or any of the cafes afore- .

(aid, as they (hall in their Difcretion judge neceffary or expedient for the Pnrpofe of preventing Frauds and Evalions, fuch Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the faid Commiffioners, or any One or mote of them, or before any Officer to be appointed for that Pnrpofe by the faid Commiffioners, and fuch Officers are hereby refpedivdy authorized to take the fame, and adminifter the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpofe.

XL VII. And *be it fort her enaded, That if any Perfon hath Writing any qweqflcd or written at any time fince the Commencement of any Deeds, &c Ad for xmpofing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or (hall at any time ^ore ^ hereafter engrofs or write, or caufe to be engroffed or written upon ftamPe * any VeBum, Parchment or Paper any of tbe matters or things for winch fueh Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of fuch Writing or Famiifca nf was or (hall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty

M 4	(favc

J68

C.56.

56ft GEO. III.

A.D.

Penalty.

Oil certain Pay. merits made, Inftruments to receive proper Sump.

Perfons unknowingly uling a forged Stamp, proving that it was bought at the Stamp Of. fice, See. may have the Inftru-ment properly (lamped, on making certain Pay menu.

Jfave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Banker*, or 'erfon or Perfons) before fuch time as the faid Vellum, Parc or Paper hath been or fhall be marked or damped with fuch Mi Stamp as was or fhall be by Law required for the fame, or k have engroffed or written the fame, or caufed the fame to be engi or written, or fhall engrof9 or write the fame, or caufe the ia| be engrofled or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Pape damped with any Duty, or damped or marked for any lower ] than the Duty payable at the time, in refpe& of what hath bee fhall be fo engrofled or written thereon, then and in every fuch there fhall be paid to His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors, Remainder or tne whole of the Amount of the Duty (aa the may be) fo payable by Law for every fuch Deed, Indrument Writing, and alfo the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the fame A be brought to be damped within the Space of Five Yean from I Execution of fuch Deed, Indrument or Writing, or at any time ail the Expiration of fuch Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twee Pounds, over and above fuch Duty, or Remainder of Duty, payab as aforefaid; and the proper Officers refpe&ively are hereby r quired, upon Payment or Tender of fuch Duty, or Remainder Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as thee; may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp fo Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that fhall i proper for fuch Deed, Indrument or Writing refpe&ively.

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon ha engroffed or written, at any time fince the Commencement of ai i Act for impofing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or fhall at any tie hereafter engrofs or write, or caufe to be engroffed or written, ai of the matters or things for which Vellum, Parchment or Pape at the time of fuch Writing or Engroflment was or fhall be charge able with any Stamp Duty upon any Vellum, Parchment or Papa damped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and i every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfont (othe than fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall have engroffed or written a caufed to be engroffed or written, or fhall engrofs or write or cauft to be enproffed or written, any fuch matter or thing upon any foci Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with aity forged or counterfeit Stamp, knowing fuch Stamp to be forged or counterfeited, and other; than fuch Perfon who fhall have impreffed any fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or fhall have caufed the fame to be impreffed with any fuch counterfeit Stamp or Mark,) to bring fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be damped with the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty payable by Law thereon, and there fhall be paid to His Majedy, his Heirs and SuccefTore, the Amount of fuch Duty fo payable by Law, for every fuch Deed, Indrument or Writing, and alfo the Sum of Ten Pound* provided the fame fhall be brought to be damped within the Space of Fin Years from the Execution of fuch Deed, Indrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of fuch Term of Five Yean, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above, fuch Duty fo payable as aforefaid; and theproper Officers refpe&ivelyare hereby featured, upon Payment or Tenaer of • fuch Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the cafe may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and damp fuch Vellum, Parchment or

i

66° GEO. III.

C. 5&

169

Paper with the Mark or Stamp that (hall be proper for fuch Deed.

Indrument or Writing refpe&ively; provided alfo that if it (hall be made to appear by Teftimony on Oath to the Satisfa&ion of the Commiffioners of Stamps, that fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, haring any fuch counterfeit Stamp or Stamps thereon, and whereon aay fuch matter (hall have been to engrafted or written, was bought with fuch Stamps thereon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or from aay Diftributor or Sub Diftributor of Stamps, or from any Perfon hcenfed to fell Stamps, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, if they (hall think proper fo to do, to order the fame refpedively to be duly damped with Stamps of the fame Description and Amount without the Payment of any Stamp Duty or Penalty whatfoever.

XLIX. And be it furtner ena&ed, That when any Indrument Inftrumenri en-(fave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers or other 8rofl*cd in*dver-Perfon or Perioos) (hall have been engrafted or written on Parch* tent,y raent, Vellum or Paper, not duly damped, and it (hall fatisfa&orily	tomp*

appear to the (aid Commiffioners of Stamps, upon Oath or Affirm- stamp Office ation or otherwife, that the fame hath happened either by Accident or within Sixty Inadvertency, or from urgent Neceffity or unavoidable Circum- D*y**Commif-dancet, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Maiefty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, of the Duty chargeable upon fuch them to be Inftruments, then and in any of the (aid cafes, if fuch Indruxnent properly (hall, within Sixty Days from the Fird Execution thereof, be ftamped. brought to thd Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, to be damped, and the Duty chargeable upon fuch Indrument (hall be paid, it (hall and may be Lawful for fuch Commiffioners, if they (hall think proper fo to do, to remit any Penalty payable on damping fuch Inftru-meot or any Part thereof fo executed without being damped, and to caufe fuch Indrument to be damped with the proper Stamp ; and every Perfon concerned in engroffing any fuch Indrument or executing the fame /haJi be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

L. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized to damp any Indrument executed out of Ireland, upon Payment of the Stamp Duty which (hall be payable thereon at the time when fuch Deed /hall be required to be fo damped, without Payment of any Additional Duty or Penalty, within the Space of Six Calendar months from the Fird Execution thereof refpectively, in cafe of the fame being fo executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the Fird Execution thereof, in cafe of the fame being fo executed in any Place out of the United Kingdaom, Proof being fird made to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiffio-ners that fuch Indrument was executed out of Ireland* and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kingdom, as the cafe may be, and within the times aforefitid refpedively.

LI. And be it further ena&ed, That it (had and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of Stamps in Ireland\ if they /hall think » fo to do, to provide Moulds or Frames for the making of r, to be ufed for any Indrument or Inftruments for which Stamps I be required, and which (hall be ufually written on Paper, and for which they (hall think proper to provide fuch Paper, and that fricb Moulds and Frames (hall be fo conftru&ed as that the Words

“ Stamp

loftruments executed out of Ireltod may be (tamped within certain Period*, without Pay* meat of additional Duty.

Commiflionen may provide Frame* for making Paper with the Word* “ Stamp Office" vifibie in the Subftance thereof.

170

C. 56.

56° GEO. IIL

A.D.]

Perfons not authorised, making or u(ing Paper marked with the Words “ Sump Office” dec.

or affifting,

Felony.

Writing to coyer the Sumps that they may not be applicable to any other Deed.

“ Stamp Office,” either alone or with fuch Figure* as thi Commiffioners (hall from time to time think proper, (hall be rid the Subftance of fuch Paper, and to caufe fucb Paper to be by fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be for that Purpofe authc and appointed by the (aid Commiffioners under Hand and Seal.

LI I. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon not an Officer, Workman, Servant or Agent for the time being o faid Commiffioners of Stamps, and authorised and appointed by for that Purpofe and for their Ufe only, (hall make or ufe, ore or procure to be made or ufed, or knowingly' aid or affift in ml or ufwg, or, without being authorized and appointed as afore (hall knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffioo, i out lawful Excufe, the Proof whereof (hall be on the Perfon scz\ any Frame, Mould or Inftrumeat for the making of Paper in Subftance whereof the Words « Stamp Office,” or the greater I of fuch Words would be vifible, or in the Subftance whtnvf, Device or Diftindtion would be vifible peculiar to and appearing the Subftance of the Paper which (hall from time to due be ui by the Commiffioners of Stamps as aforefaid ; or (hall make, or o or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or affift in making a Paper in the Subftance whereof there (hall be vifible the hid Wo <* Stamp Office,” or the greater Part of fuch Words, or any fi Device or Diftin&ion peculiar to and appearing in the Subfand the Paper which fhall be fo ufed by the find Commiffioners of Stan] or if any Perfon, not being authorized or appointed as aforefaid, I knowingly have in his or her Cuftody or Pofleffion, without law Excufe, the Proof whereof fhall be on the Perfon aceufed, a Paper whatfoever in the Subftance whereof there fhall be vifible Words “ Stamp Office,” or the greater Part of fuch Words, ora Device or Diftinftion peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance Paper fo from time to time ufed by the faid Commiffioom \ or any Perfon, not being authorized or appointed as aforefaid, (ball any Art, Device, Myrftery or Contrivance caufe or procure, knowingly aid or affift in caufing or procuring to appear in the Su fiance at any Paper whatfoever the Words 44 Stamp Office,” or t greater Part of fuch Words, or any fuch Device or Di&io&i peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper which His be fo tried by the faid Cocnirnffioners of Stamps, every Moo i offending in any of the faid cafes, and being thereof fav&fiy cot rifled, fhall for fuch Offence be adjudged a Felon, and (lull \ tran (ported for the term of his ov her Life*

LIII. And be it further enaded, That al matters and things! refpeft whereof any of the faid Stamp Duties fhall be payable, fo be written or printed or written and printed k fuch maimer (asd printed or written in Part or entirely before being damped (hall li fo ft am pod) that forae Part of the Writing or Printing thereof (hi be on the Stamps or Marks which ftutU in purfuance of any Ad o Ads then in force he placed an the Vellum or Parchment or Pipe thereof and fuck Writing or Printing fhah from thence be fo conti nued in the ufiud Form of writing, printing or engrafting Deeds c Writings, fo that no blank Space fhall be left whereby fnch Stamp might be made applicable to any other Deed or Inftrtunqtt whatfa ever, upon Pain that the Perfon who fhall fo write, enmfs orpria or damp, or caufe to be written* engrafted or printed or ftunjxd

15	»]

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

171

any fuch Writing, matter or thing contrary to the true Intent and meaning hereof, {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty. Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enaAed, That from and after the Com- Payment of Sal-mencenient of this A A, no Public Officer {hall in any cafe be enti- toPuUic tied to or be allowed Credit in Account either by the Commiffioners of Civil or Military Accounts, or in any other way, or on any Occa- ceipti!"1** fioa whatfoever, for any Sum or Sums whatsoever as paid to or for the Ufe of any Public Officer, Servant or Penfioner. for or on account of any Salary, Profit, Emolument, Fee, Reward or Penfion, onlefo fuch Payment {hall be vouched by a Receipt for the lame duly fiamped, where a Stamp (hall he required by Law.

LV. And be it further enaAed, That no Playing Cards or Dice Cards and Dice (hall be uttered, vended, fold or expofed to Sue, or played with, ex{^V° Salc or ffiall be kept by any Perfon with Intent to utter, vend, fell or	*

expofe to Sale, or play with the fame, which {hall not be duly foaled, marked and damped refpeAively, according to Law, upon Pain that every Perfon who {hall utter, vend, fell or expofo to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in Iris or her Pofleffion with Intent to totter, vend, fell or play with the fame, any fuch Cards or Dice which {hall not be fo foaled, marked or damped, {hall forfeit for every fuch Pack of Cards, or for every fuch Die fo uttered, vended, fold or ex-pofod to Safo, or played with, or fo in his or her Pofleffion with Intent to utter, vend, foil or play with the fame, the Sum of Five Penalty. Pounds.

L V I. And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon (hall engrofo, Perfona not to write or print, or caufe to be engrofled,. written or printed, or partly eugroG, or haw written and partly printed upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, *n tl*,r PoffeC-any Indrument, Writing or thing for which fuch Vellum, Parch- tb?**** meat or Paper ought, according to the Laws which (hall be then in pn>pcr stamp*. force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, or fliall utter, iffue, accept, receive or knowingly have in has or her Poffeflion, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having fuch Indrument, Writing, matter or thing engrofled, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed thereon, (rich Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or damped with fuch Mark or Stamp, as mall be by Law required for fuch Indrument,

Writing, matter or thing, at the time of fo engrofling, writing or

printing the fome, or being marked or damped for any lower Duty or

Duties than the Duty or Duties which {hall be then by Law payable

thereon in refpeA of the matter or thing fo engrofled, wrttten.or printed

thereon, or being marked or damped with any Mark or Stamp which

{hall have been previoufly ufod for any other Purpofo, fuch Perfon fo

offending fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty.

Pounds; and in cafo any Perfon or Perfona Audi at any time file or Law Proceedings

caufe to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleading, not to be filed

Affidavit or other Proceeding, matter or thing whatfoever, in refpeA withoutQthc

whereof any Stamp Duty Audi be then payable, and there (hall not rroper mp**

be any time exprefrly allowed by Law for damping the fome after the

filing thereof and that fuch Pleading, Affidavit, Proceedings matter

or thing {hall not at the time of filing thereof be duly damped, then

and in every fuch cafe every Perfon who Audi fo file the fome, or caufe

the fame to be filed# and alfo every Officer of fuch Court who {hall

receive the feme# ’ Uadi for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty

m

Penalty.

Officer* entruft-ed to write Records, &c. defrauding the Revenue.

Penalty.

Such Records, Jcc. when written by ocher Per-fons than known Officers to pay a certain Sum be-fides the Duty.'

Officer on Payment, &c. of Duty and 10L to give a Receipt.

C.56.	56° GEO. III.	A.D.1

Twenty Pounds; and in. cafe any Clerk, Officer or other P« who in refpeft of any Office or Employment is or (hall be entit entrufted to make, engrofs or write any Record, Entry, Deed ftrument or Writing whatfoever, which (hall be then chargeable a Stamp Duty under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts which be then exifting or in force in Ireland, or to iffue any Procefs, t file any Proceedings, or to do any Aft in the Execution 0 Office with refpeft to any Article, matter or thing chargeable any fuch Duty, (hall be guilty of any Fraud, Praftice or VA by means whereof His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, may 6 frauded of any fuch Duty by making, engrafting or writing anyl Record, Entry, Deed, Inftrument or Writing, or by caufmg thefi to be made, engroffed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Fi not duly marked or (lamped according to fuch Laws or La (hall be then exifting and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchmert Paper marked or ftamped with any Mark, Stamp or ImprA which he (hall know to be counterfeited, or by engroffing or wdd any fuch Record, Deed, Inftrument or other Writing upon VeUni Parchment or Paper which (hall be marked or ftamped for a low Duty than the Duty which (hall be then by Law payable for t fame, or by neglefting to do any thing required by him to be do in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary tot Duty of his Office in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, tl then and in every fuch cafe, fuch Clerk, Officer or Pcrfon fo eid of any fuch Fraud, Praftice or Negleft (hall, for every fuch Orcw forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds ; and if any Record, Entry, Dc Inftrument or Writing whatfoever, on which any fuch Stamp is (hall be by Law charged and made payable by any Ad or Ads force in Ireland, (hall, contrary to the true Intent ind meaning this Aft, be written or engrafted by any Perfon or Perfous whati ever, not being a known Clerk or Officer who . in refped of u Office or Employment is or (hall be entitled to the making, writic or engrafting the fame upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, d marked or ftamped according to Law, or (hall be written or engraft upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or ftamped for a low Duty than is by Law payable thereon, (except under the Rule .Regulations ana Direftions in this Aft contained,) then and 1 every fuch cafe there (hall be due and paid to His Majefty, his Hcii and Succeffors, for every fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing, o?e and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Lav the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and no fuch Entry, Record, Deed, Ii ftrument or Writing (hall be pleaded or given in Evidence in an Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Perfon, to be goo< ufeful or available in Law or in Equity, until as well fuch Stan Duty, as the faid Sum of Ten Pounds, (hall be firft paid to d Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, and a Receipt pre duced for the;fame, under the Hand or Hands of fome Omct appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps, nor until the Vellun Parchment or Paper, on which fuch Record, Entry, Deed or Ii ftrument or Writing (hall be written or made, (hall be marked < ftamped with the proper Stamp or Mark to denote the Duty pi] able thereon ; and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby cnjoinc and required, upon Payment or Tender of filch Duty and the Sui of Ten Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the (amt

an'

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

m

and to mark or ftamp fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp proper for fuch Record, Entry, Deed, Inftrument or Writing refpeftively.

LVII. And be it further enafted, That every Officer in any Office™ in Court or Public Office in Ireland, who (hall ufually aft in Perfon in Courti or Offices fuch matters, and the known Deputy of any Officer who (hall not e°8ro®n8R*-ofually fo aft, in whofe Office any Pleading, Affidavit, Proceed- ^n^crfeited isg, matter or thing (hall have been received, (hall, as to the Pur- Sumpe, deemed pofes of this Aft, be deemed and taken to have received the fame $ to have known and that every Clerk, Officer or other Perlon as aforefaid, who (hall thc lame, unlefr make, engrofs or write, or caufe to be made, engrofTed or written,	howht^*

any fuch Record, Entry, Deed, Inftrument or Writing, upon ^starop Office, Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or (lamped with any Mark, *c. or Stamp, or Impreffion which (hall be counterfeited, (hall, iu any Proceeding for the Recovery of the Penalty in that refpeft aforefaia, be deemed and taken to have known fuch Mark, Stamp or Impref-lion to be counterfeited, unlefs he (hall prove that the fame was bought at the Stamp Office in Duhl\n> or at the Office of fome Diflributor or Sub Diflributor of Stamps, or in the Office or Shop of a Perfon duly licenfed to fell Stamps.

L.VIIL And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Evading Duty (hall, for the Purpofe of evading any of the Stamp Duties which (hall by fidlifying at any time be payable under any Aft or Afts then in force in /rr- Date*, erafing laud, execute any (tamped Inftrument without a Date, or bearing	8

Date prior to fuch Execution thereof, or (hall fraudulently erafe or ferape out, or caufe to be erafed or feraped out the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons, or any Date, Sum or thing engrafted or written in fuch Inftrument, matter or thing as aforefaid, or if any Per-fon (hall fraudulently cut, tear or take off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to ufe fuch Mark or Stamp for any other Writing, matter or thing in refpeft whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be then payable, then and in every of the faid cales every Perfon fo offending (nail for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds ; and any Deed, In- Peoahy. ftrutnent or Writing, wherein any of the faid Frauds (hall have been Deeds confidered committed in order to make the fame appear to be duly ftamped fhall “ not be deemed not to have been duly ftamped; provided neverthelefs, Provifo. that if any Deed or Inftrument fhall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto, on the Day when the fame bears Date, fuch Deed or Inftrument may be lawfully executed at any time afterwards by the other Parties thereto,”' or any of them, notwithftanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties payable on fuch Deed or Inftrument, if the fame mail have been duly ftamped at the time of fuch prior Execution thereof, and fuch Deed or Inftrument fhall, in fuch cafe, be deemed to be duly ftamped.

LIX. And be it further enafted. That from and after the Com- Certificates of mencement of this Aft, every Perfon who fhall apply to be fworn Duty being paid or admitted an Advocate, Proftor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or to be produced other Officer in any Court in Ireland, in refpeft of whofe Admiftion Advocates, any Stamp Duty fhall be payable 5 or a Student in the King's Inns,	for	Ad-

or to the Degree of a Bamfter in the faid King’s Inns, fhall, previous nuffioos. to being fo fworn or admitted, produce and deliver to the proper Officer, to whom he (hall apply to be fo admitted, a Certificate, figned under the Hand or Hands of fome Perfon appointed for that

Purpofe

C. 66.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Perfcnw granting fuch Certificate* to keep Books.

Diftxibutor to tranfmit Books to Stamp Office In Dublin.

Duty of Registrar of Chancery.

Apprentices to Attornies, &c. to obtain like Certificates of Duties having been paid.

Purpofe by the Commiffioners of Stamps for the time being, ftating that fuch Perfon has paid fuch Duty as (hall be then by Law payable on or in refpedfc of fuch Admiffion, and dating the Amount of fuch Duty; which Certificate {hall remain in the Cuftody of fuch Officer, to be ufed and difpofed of as hereinafter mentioned ; and that every fuch Officer (hall Keep Two Books, in each of which the Names of all Perfons who, after the Commencement of this A6t, fhall be admitted by him as aforefaid, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid by every fuch Penon, according to fuch Certificate, (nail be fairly written in due and regular Order ; and fuch Officer fhall, Four times in every Year, on the Second Monday in January, the Second Monday in Aprils the Second Monday in July, and the Second Monday in 0Sober, deliver or caufe to be delivered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, if fuch Admiffion fhall take place in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to fuch Perfon as fhall be appointed for that Purpofe by the Commiffioners of Stamps, and if fuch Admiffion fhall take place in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Diftributor of Stamps in whofe DiflriA fuch Admiffion fhall take place, at the Office of fuch Diftributor, one of the faid Books, with the Names of all Perfons fo admitted, and the Sums paid by them as aforefaid, fo written therein, together with all the laud Certificates fo delivered by the feveral Perfons, if any, who fhall have been fo admitted in the Quarter of a Year ending on the Quarter Day preceding the Delivery of fuch Book 5 and every fuch Diftributor fhall forthwith tranf-mit to the Stamp Office in Dublin every fuch Book, together with the Certificates fo delivered to him therewith ; and every fuch Book, which fhall be fo delivered at or tranfmitted to the faid Stamp Office in Dublin, fhall be forthwith examined by an Officer appointed for that Purpofe, and fhall be compared with the Certificates accompanying the fame $ and if they fhall be found to agree, then fuch Officer fhall certify at the Foot of the Names then entered in fuch Book, the Numfcr of Admiffions appearing therein for the laft Quarter, and that the proper Stamp Dutynas been paid thereon ; and thereupon fuch Books fhall be damped with One or more Stamp or Stamps denoting the payment of fuen Duty, and fhall be returned without any unneceifary Delay to the proper Officer of fuch Court.

LX. And be it further ena&ed, That in the Court of Chancery the proper Officer for keeping fuch Books, and for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall be the Regiftrar of the faid Court or his Deputy.

LXI. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who fhall be bound an Apprentice to any Attorney, Proftor, Notary Public in Ireland\ (hall in like manner obtain from forte Perfon appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiffioners of Stamps a written Certificate of haring paid the Duty which fhall be by Law payable on Inch Indenture of Apprenticefhip at the time of executing tne fame, which Certificate fhall i>e lodged with the proper Officer o? the Court in which fuch Indentures fhafi be enrolled, or of the Court or One ef the Courts to which the Mafter of fuch Apprentice fhall belong, or in cafe of Notaries, with the Regiftrar of the Court of Prerogative ; aqd the Officer or Officers of fuch Court is and are hereby required to take charge of and keep fuch Certificate, fo that the fame may and fhafi be produced and read in open Court before any fuch Perfon

AJJ.1S16.

55* GEO. IXL

C. 56.

175

ftu& be adaifed to be an Attorney, Proftor or Notary, and (ball be pro ilncnl to a Maker of the Court of Chancery in Ireland before any fod Period Audi be admitted and fworn a Solicitor in the faid Gnat of Chancery as aforefaid.

XZH Aad be it further enafted, That no Perfon in refpeft of Advocates, At-wUtAdamSkm any Stamp Duty (hall be payable Audi be capable towiei, Ac w* eiftaBtiGmg or aftmg as an Advocate, Proftor, Attorney, Solicitor,	***

On or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in Ireland, nor ad* Namet written ■bed to the Privilege of a Student, or to aft as a Barrifter, under or in Books kept by by virtue of any Admiffion made after the Commencement of this the proper Offi-A£U nor ffid1 any fuch Admiffion be valid or effectual, unkfs his *?£*rimin5 Name fta& appear fo written in the faid Books required by this Aft Cert,fic#te* to he kept as aforefaid, or in fuch of them as (hall from tone to time be in the Pafiffion of the proper Officer, and (hall be duly damped as aforefaid; and that no fuch Officer (hall deliver the fame Book in Two fbmfive Quarters, but that one of the faid Books (hall be delivered as aforefaid m January and in Jnlyf and the other of the faid Books m April *n&Od*Ur9 fo as that fuch of the faid Books as (hall from time to tune remain in the Hands of the proper Officer (hall appear to have been infpefted and (lamped at the Stamp Office in its Turn.

LX1I1. And be it further enafted. That the faid Books (hall be Duty of Officer *!*«» to to agree as nearly as poffible with each other, and that in keeping fuel* whenever any fuch Book (hall Be returned from the Stamp Office as Books, aforefoid to the proper Officer, fuch Officer (hall forthwith caufe to be hilly and regularly entered therein the Names of all Perfons admitted whBe (ben Book was out of his Pofieffion, fo as to correfpond to that refoeft with the other of the faid Books which remained m his Poffeffion; and if any fuch Officer (hall negleft or omit fo to debrer or cade tube delivered any fnch Book as aforefaid, together with /bob Cerdkatn conformable thereto, at the times and in manner hereinbefore required, or (hall omit to make an Entry of any Ad-miffion many fochBook as aforefaid, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if fuch Officer (hall wilfully Penalty, deface or detroy any foch Book, or make any falfe Entry therein, Erafing, Ac. or (bafl^ without the Order of the Court or other competent Authority, enSe or Abet any Entry therein, or (hall knowingly permit or /idler mj of the faid matters to be done, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

LXIV- And be it further enafted. That no Attorney (hall praftifo Attornies to in his own Name or in the Name of any other Attorney, in any of	onl.yin

Ha Myfty'i Coorti of Law, or in any Court of Record wivatfo-ever in Ireland, m which Attornies are admitted, except only in foch Court or Courts in which he (hall aftually have been admitted and (won an Attorney, on Pain of the Perfon fo praftifing being Tendered incapable of being fworn or praftifing as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland; and every Attorney who (hall fo praffife in any Court in which he (hall not have been admitted and fvon an Attorney, (hall be difabled from recovering the Coils of »f Pmocedbigs carried on by him in any Court*

LXV. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon admitted, Attornies, Ac. to fwots, enrolled and regiftered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a deliver annually Prodnr. Agent or Procurator, in any of His Majefty’s Courts in st Stamp Office, any Ecricfiaflical Court or in any Court of Admiralty gdcl^^ e*

%	*n	Hating whether

C. £6.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.'

they hare been admitted Three Years or not, and on paying Duty entitled to Certificate.

Such Certificates in force till 6th January.

Annual Certificates to be produced in Court and entered in afiook.

v

Fee.

Acceft to fiich Book, dx. without Fee.

in Ireland\ or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, wbe1 Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, (hall ally, before he (hall commence, carry on or defend any Aft ion,-or Proceeding whatfoever in any of the faid Courts, deliver or ' to be delivered to the Commimoners of Stamp Duties, or to i Officer or Officer^ appointed by them for that Purpofe at the 8 Office in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing, containing the I and ufual Place of Reudence of fuch Perfon, and Hating whetH has been fo admitted Three Years or not; and thereupon and I Payment of the Duties which (hall then be by Law impofed on \k fuch Solicitor, Attorney, Proftor, Agent or Procurator, accordit the time he has been admitted, as dated in fuch Paper or Note in 1 ing, every fuch Perfon (hall be entitled to a Certificate duly ftamf to denote the Payment of the faid Duty by him, describing hin fuch Certificate according to the Defcnption contained in the ( Note fo given in by him, which Certificate the faid Conumfiwoe or fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be appointed by them for tb Purpofe, (hall caufe to be immediately iifued under the Hand an Name of the proper Officer, in fuch manner and Form as the f» Commiffioners (hall devife.

LXVI. And be it further enafted, That every fucb Certifies iffued to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proftor, Agent or Procunto under the Direftion9 of this Aft, (hall bear Date on the Day c which the fame (hall be iffued, and (hall commence and be of force c and from the Day of iffoing the fame, or on and from the Sixth Da of January next following, according as the Perfon obtaining ti lame (hall defire, and every fuch Certificate (hall ceafe and detei mine on the Sixth Day of January next after the Day on whic the fame (hall fo commence and be ot force.

LXVII. And be it further enafted, That every annual Certificat fo to be obtained as aforefaid (hall be produced in every Coart i which the Perfon described therein (hall be admitted, enrolled, Ivor or regiftered, to fome Officer or Officers of the faid Court, to b appointed for that Purpofe by the Judges of the faid Courts refped ively, before fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Proftor, Agent or Procunto (hall be permitted to praftife as aforefaid, and evety fuch Officer fi to be appointed (hall, and he is hereby reauired from time to time upon the Produftion of fuch annual Certificate duly damped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter iu its Ordei alphabetically the Name of the Perfon described in fuch annua Certificate, together with the Place of fuch his Refidence, and tlx time he has been admitted as aforefaid, and the Date of fuch annua Certificate, and for what time the lame is to be in force, in. a Bool or Roll to be prepared for that Purpofe, to all which Books oi Rolls in the faid Courts refpeftively, all Perfons (hall and may at ai reafonable times have dee Accefs without Fee or Reward.

No Attorney, LXVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall &c. to carry on in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Perfon or Period any Proceeding fue out Writ or Procefs, or commence, profecute, carry on w annual CMttf-UU defend an7 Aftion or Suit or any Proceeding as an Attorney oi cate is obtained Solicitor, Proftor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts afore and entered/fcc. (hid, without haring obtained fuch annual Certificate which (hall lx then in force, or without having caufed the matters therein dated to be entered in fuch Court in fuch manner as hereinbefore is direfted,

or

A.D.1816*

ur GEO. Ill

a 58.

177

or dull deliver in to the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpofe of i (Suing, granting or repdering iuch annual Certificate, any falfe or fiditious Place of Refideoce, or any falfe or fiditious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Prodor, Agent or Procurator, or of tile time when be (nail have been fo admitted, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds, and (hall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or profeente any Adion or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Diiburfement, on account of profeendng, carrying on or defending any fuch Adion, Suit or Proceeding.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That every Attorney, Solid- Proof of Atto*. tor, Prodor, Agent or Procurator, in whofe Name, either fingly or together with that of any other Perfon or Perfons, any Writ or Pro-ceil (hall be fued out, or any Adion, Suit or Proceeding (hall be commenced, profecuted, earned on or defended in any of the faid Courts, (hall on any Trial or Hearing whatfoever for or relating to any Penalty or other matter under this Ad, or any Ad or Ads in anywife relating to the Colledion or Management of Stamp Duties, be deemed and taken to have fo fued out Tuch Writ or Procefs, or to have fo commenced, profecuted, carried on or defended fuch Action, Suit or Proceeding, unlefs previous to fuch Trial or Hearing fuch Writ, Procefs or Proceeding (hall have been fet afide by the Court on Examination into the Fads on Oath (which fuch Court is hereby required to do in fuch cafe), and not by Confent as having been fo fued out, commenced, profecuted, carried on or defended without the Diredion, Privity or Permiffion of the Attorney, Solicitor, Prodor, Agent or Procurator, in whofe Name fuch Writ or Procefs (hall be fued out, or fuch Adion, Suit or Proceeding (hall have been commenced, carried on or defended.

LXX. And be it further enaded. That no Officer of any Court Officer fuffinrfag whatsoever (hall Suffer any Writ or Procefs to be ifftied or fued out, Wri*f® or any Adion or Suit to be commenced, profecuted, carried on or ^ Agara* ” defended, or any Proceeding had or taken in or from his Office in the unj^g Name of any Attorney, Solicitor, Prodor, Agent or Procurator, tained his Ctr-eitber fingly or together with any other Perfon or Perfons, unlefs tificate. fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Prodor, Agent or Procurator (hall have previoufly obtained fuch annual Certificate as aforefaid, which (hall be then in force, and (hall have caufed the matters therein dated to be entered in fuch Court as aforefaid, and if any fuch Officer (hall offend herein, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and it (hall not be neceffary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of fuch Penalty to prove that any fuch Officer was himfelf perfonally concerned in any of the matters aforefaid, but it (hall be Sufficient that fuch Offence was committed in his Office or Department.

LXX I. And be it further enaded, That every Appearance of or Appttraoces far for any Defendant or Defendants in the Court of Chancery in Ire- defendants m laud (ball be entered in the Office of the Regiftrar of the faid Court, in a Book to be there kept for that Purpofe ; and that any Appear- giftrar/ ance in any other Office, or in any other manner, (hall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; and that fuch Regiftrar, as alio the proper Officer in whole Office any fuch Appearance (hall be 66 Geo. III.	N	entered

iW

C. 56:

56* geo. m.

A.D. 1616.

Fee to Regiftrar and Officer in other Courts where Appearances are entered.

Penalty. Conveyances and D*eds to be prepared only by certain Perfbns obtaining Certificates;

Penalty. ' Provifo for Perfons drawing Wills, flee.

Memorandums of Petitions in the Court of Chancery to be entered in Re-fjttrart Office.

Fee#

Penalty.

Memorandums of Petitions in the Court of Exchequer to be entered in Philaaers Office,

entered iti the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, or in any of the Courts of Common Law or Ecclefiaftical Courts in Ireland\ (hfiU for every fuch Appearance receive the Sum of Five pence* and no more, and fhall thereupon without farther Charge give a Certificate of fuch Appearance, which Certificate fhall be annexed to and filed, together with the Fifft Anfwer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading of what nature or kind foever, which fhall be thereafter put in fuch Caufe by or on behalf of the Party fo appearing; and if any fuch Anfwer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading (hall be filed without having fuch Certificate annexed thereto, then any Officer receiving or filing the fame (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who fhall, fbr or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, dtreCUy of indirectly, draw or prepare any Conveyance of or Deed relating to any Real or Perfonal Eft ate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, other than and except Seijeants at Law and Barfifters, and alfb Soli* citors, Attornies, Notaries, Proftors or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates as fuch, and Perfons having taken Out the Certificates mentioned in the Schedule to this for drawing or preparing any of the faid matters in Expe&ation of any Fee or Reward, and other than and except Perfons folely employed to engroft any Deed, Inftrumeht or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by them* felves and for their own Account refpe&ively, and othet than and except public Officers drawing or preparing Official Inftrumenti appbcable to their refpe&ive Offices and in the courfe of their Duty, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be con* ftruedto extend to prevent any Perfon or Perfons drawing or prepar-* ing any Will or other Teftamentary Paper, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Ldttfr of Attorney,

LXXIIL And be it further eha&ed. That a Memorandum of every Petition to or in the Court of Chancery, or to the Lord Chancellor, or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal in Ireland, in any Ckufe or matter whatfoever, fhall, before delivering the fame to the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, or to the Perfon then afting as fuch Secretary, or on his behalf, be entered in the Office of the Regiftrar of the faid Court in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpofe, for which Entry fuch Regiftrar fhall receive a Fee of One Shilling, and no more ; and fuch Regiftrar fhall thereupon certify at the Foot of fuch Petition that the fame is fo entered $ and if fuch Secretary, or any Perfon a£ting as or on behalf of fuch Secretary, fhall receive any fuch Petition without fuch Certificate at the Foot thereof, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and any Order made oh fuch Petition fhall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofet ■whatfoevter.

LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That a Memorandum of any Petition in or to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland fhall, before delivering the fame to the proper Officer of the faid Court, be entered in the Office of the Philazer in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpofe, for which Entry fuch Philazer fhall receive a Fee of One Shill ting and no more ; and fuch Philazer fhall thereupon certiff at the Foot of fuch Petition that the fame is fo entered \ and if fuch Officer, or any Perfon a&ng as or on behalf of fuch Officer, fhall receive any

' fuch

A/D. 1816.

56° GEO. IIL

C.96.'

179

filch Petition without fuch Certificate at the Foot thereof, he fliall far every facfi Offence forfeit the Sum of Fire Pounds* and any Order made on fuch Petition (hall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it farther enafted, That for the entering of any facfc Petition in either of the faid Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, or far any Attendance for the Purpofe of fuch Entry, no Charge whatfoever (hall be made by any Six Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor, nor (hall any Sum be received for the fame, five only the Amount of the Duty a&ually paid thereon.

LXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, or any Attorney or Solicitor, or any Proftor in any EcclefiafHcal or Admiralty Court in Inland^ or any other Perfon whatsoever, (hall charge to or receive from the Plaintiff or Defendant, Protnovant or impugnant in any Suit, or to or from any other Perfon whatfoever on any Occafion, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and (hall not have adually made ufe of, or iflued, or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Procefs, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Inftru-ment or Proceeding far which Such Charge (hall be made or fuch Amount (hall be received duly Ramped with the Duty which (hall be payable thereon at the time of fo ufing, iffuing or filing the fame, inch Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Pro&or or other Perfon, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Prodor or other Perfon (hall charge to or receive from any Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugiftnt or other Perfon, any Sum as and far the Coft, Expence or Charge of or far any Whrnmt, Writ, Monition, Procefs, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Inftrument or Proceeding, every fuch Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Pro&or or other Perfon, (hall be deemed and taken to luive included in fuch Charge, and to have thereby charged to or received from fuch Perfon the Amount of the proper Stamp Duty on fuch Warrant, Writ, Monition, Procefs, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Inftrument or Proceeding.

LXXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That where any Bill of Cofts (hall be taxed in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland^ in which there (nail be any Charge or Charges far drawing or for ingroffinp on Parchment any Bills, Anfwert or other Equity Pleadings in the faid Courts refpe&ively, which (hall be engrafted or written or filed in either of the liud Courts, the Officer who (hall tax fuch Bill of Cofts (hall tax the Charges for drawing and engroffing fuch BiHs, Anfwers and other Pleadings refpe&ively, fa as not to exceed the ufual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps a&ually appearing on fuch Pleadings refpeAively; and fuch Officer, if the Bui of Cofts to be taxed be in a Caufe in the Court of Chancery, (hall fignify at the Foot of fuch Bill of Cofts that the Number and Amount of the Stamps appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to bxs by the Mafter or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy; and if fuch Bifi of Cofts be in a Caufe in the Court of Exchequer, the Officer who (hall tax the fame (hall fig-nify at the Foot of fuch Bill that he hath infpeded the Engroflmenta of the Pleadings mentioned in fuch Bill of Cofts ; and in cafe fuch Officer refpeftively who (hall tax fuch Bill of Cofts as afore&id, (haft serkft or tcSqSc to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for fuch Certifi-

N 2	cate

Penalty.

No Charge to be made by any Six Clerk, Sec. except for Stamp Duty.

Charging Stamp Duty and not filing Proceedings for which Charge is mads.

Penalty.

Taxing of Bille of Cofts, how to be proceeded, in.

Officer oflend-

180

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.18

Penalty.

Matter of the Rolls or Deputy negleding. Sec, Co infpe& Amount of Stamps and certify Urn®.

Penalty.

Duty on Office Copies of Private A&s, on Bills, Pleadings and Decrees in Chancery, and an Inrolments, how to be pail

Entry in Boek kept at Stamp Office.

cate as afbrefaid, or to infped the Engroflments of the Pleadi mentioned in fuch Bill of Cofts, or (hall negle6l or refufe to tax Charges for drawing or engroffingfuch Bills, Anfwers or other Pit ings in manner hereinbefore directed refpedively, every fuch Ofi fo negleding or refufmg refpedively at aforefaid (hall forfeit every fuch Neglect or Refufal the Sum of Ten Pounds; and in i the Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or Deputy, (hall negled or refufe to infped the Number and Amo of Stamps appearing on every fuch Pleading as aforefaid, or toe tify the fame to the proper Officer of fuch Court, upon being plied to bv him for that Purpofe, or if any of the Officer! aforrl (hall certify any thing falfe, fuch Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls, his Deputy or other Officer, (hall for every fuch Negled or Refu or Falsehood, forfeit in like manner the Sum of Ten Pounds; wh faid feveral Forfeitures, together with the Cods of recovering t fame, (hall be enforced in a fummary way upon Motion by Order the faid Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint aide t them refpedively a gain ft any Officer who (hall be guilty of any f« Negled, Refufal or Mifcondud, and (hall enure to His Mtjcfty, h Heirs and Succeflors.

LXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That all and every t Stamp Duties and Duty which (hall be payable for and in refped any Office Copy of any Private Ad of Parliament, or of any B Anfwer or otlier Pleading, Depoiition or Depofttions, Interrogate or Interrogatories, or Decree in any Court of Equity in Ireland, of any Inrolment of any Letters Patent, Grant, Deed or other matt whatsoever, which is or (hall be inrolled in the Rolls Office in Irtkt which (hall be iflued after the Commencement of this Ad, (hall paid and payable in manner hereinafter mentioned, and no oik that is to fay, fuch Office Copy (hall he written on Paper not damp with any Stamp whatsoever, and when and as foon as the fame lb; be ready for Atteftation or Delivery refpedively, the proper Offic for attefting or delivering out the fame relpedively (hall caufe the fat refpedively to be carried to the Stamp Office,- and there delivered fuch Perfon as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by the Comm (ioners of Stamps; and thereupon fuch Perfon (hall carefully exami every fuch Office Copy refpedively, and (hall certify on the Bat thereof refpedively the Amount of the Stamp Duty then payable t Law thereon refpedively, and the Double Stamp Duty fo payable the cafe of Office Copies of any Depofition or Depofitions if the (ai (hall be required, and alfo the Number of Skins, Sheets or Words every fuch Office Copy refpedively, and in refped whereof fo Stamp or Stamps or Double Stamps (hall be fo marked, and (hall, a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, make Entry thert to remain in the faid Stamp Office, and the Amount of fuch Stic Duty (hall and may be thereupon paid to the Receiver Gened Stamp Duties by the Officer or Perlon producing fuch Office (j at the Stamp Office, and the faid Receiver General (hall give al tificate of fuch Payment, and upon the Delivery of fuch CertiM to the Perfon fo appointed by the Commiffioners of Stamps asafl faid, he (hall caufe fome Part or Parts of fuch Office Copy tw damped with One or more Stamps, expreffive of the Amount ofi .Duty fo paid, and (hall then fend the faid Office Copy fo ikum

AD. 1816.

56* GEO. III.

C.56.

181

•W to tk proper Officer for rttefting or delivering out any foch Ofict Copy or Copies refpedively.

IIIIX* And be it further enaded, That if any fuch Officer of Officmaot arfch Court of Equity in Ireland (hall omit or negled to fend or	Jf^h

atrjnj fuch Copy to the faid Stamp Office, or to deliver or caufe	to

fckdcfavered the tune to the Pertou who (hall be fo then appointed fcrtiat Purpofe by the {aid Commiffionera of Sumps, or if any fuch Officer of foch Court of Equity fhall atteft or permit to be atlefted or delivered out, or permit to be delivered out any fuch Office Copy of any foch Private Ad of Parliament, Bill, Anlwer, Pleading, De-pofitioQ or Depofitions, Interrogatory or Interrogatories, Decree or lnrohncst, which (hail not have been fo duly (tamped, every fuch Officer (kail for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* Penalty.

LXXX. And be it further euaded, That every fuch Officer of Allowance of every Conrt of Equity in Ireland ading in purfuance of this Ad, il.ios.fcr M be entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of One Pound Ten l?°l wtA Shillings for every One hundred Pounds out of the Duty fo paid by him; and it (hail not be lawful for any fuch Officer, or any Perfon employed by him, to aik, demand or receive any Fee, Profit or Reward, for or in confideration of any of the faid matters fo required by th» A& to be done by him, or any other Benefit thereon whatsoever, five only the laid Per CenUge; and if any fuck Officer or any Perfon employed by him or ading on his behalf, in any of the faid matters, (ball offend herein, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sam of Fifty Pounds.

LXXX1. And be it further enaded. That any Charge in any In taxing Bfflaof M oI Cods lor drawing, copying or engroffing any Deed or Deeds, c°ft* De*k to executed after the Commencement of this Ad, fhall be taxed and al-lowed fo as sot to exceed the ufual Charge by the Skip, calculated CCT,pr0pef according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps adually appearing oa the Veflum, Parchment or Paper on which the whole of foch Deed or Deeds (hall be refpedively engroffed ; and in order to enable the taxing Officer fo to tax any fuch Charge, there fhall be produced to him, at the time of fuch Taxation, each and every fuch original Deed, or a Certificate of fuch Officer as fhall be appointed Certfficits ef for tint Purpofe, by the faid Commiffioners at the Stamp Office in Officer. Dd&harottk Difiributor of Stamps of the Diftrid in which fuch Deed fafl have been executed, certifying that fuch Officer or Diftri-butor hath infpe&ed fnch Deed, and rating the Number and Amount of the Stamp or Stamps adually appearing theron, and giving in fuch Certificate loch Defcription of fuch Deed as fhall be fumcient to identify the lame, for which Certificate every fuch Officer or Diffri-bator fhall be entitled to the Sum of Sixpence and no more ; and Officer negWd-if any foch Officer or Diflributor refpedively fhall refufe or negled ing to grant Car* to grant foch Certificate on Demand and Production of fuch Deed tificste. or Deeds, or fhall certify any thing falfe therein, or if any fuch taxing Officer (ball tax the Cods of drawing, copying or engroffing ay inch Deed in any other manner fave as aforefaid, then and in ay of the laid cafes every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall for every ImhOface forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds*	Penalty.

1IXXI1. Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing in provifo for c«r-thit A& contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to the tain Pleadings or Chap to he made for engroffing any Bill, Anfwer or other Plead- £««*•. iof iofysty, or any Dead, the whole Contents of which (hall not N 9	amount

Copies of Affidavits read in Court, how to be reckoned.

Officer charging unduly.

Penalty.

Every Side damped to be deemed a fepa-rate Sheet.

\

Proceeding! in Courts to be written aa they have been ufually accuf-tomed.

Attefted Copies of Interrogatories or Depositions given in Evidence on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant refpec-tively to be doubly damped.

Officer netleft-mg Infpe^lion o: fnch Copies.

C.SQ,	as*	GEO.	lit	A.D.U1S.

amount to the number of Two thoufand one hundred and fifty Words.

LXXXIII. And be it further ensued, That the Copy of any Affidavit which (hall be read in any Court whatever in Ireland (hall be engroffed or written in fuch manner as that the Quantity of Writ* ing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper (hall not be deemed more than One Sheet9 according to the manner in which the Officers of the Courts in which fuch Affidavit (hall be refpeftively filed charge by the Sheet for fuch Affidavit; and if any Officer of any Court (hall charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of fuch Affidavit (ball be written, more than the Fees to which he would be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Courfe of the Court in which fuch Affidavit (hall be filed, he (hall for every fuch Charge fo made or demanded forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, with Treble Cofta of Suit.

LXXXIV. And be it further enafted, That where more than One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper (hall be damped or marked with the Duties which (hall then be by Law charged on the Paper on which fuch Copy of an Affidavit (hall be written, each Side or Page fo marked or damped (hall be deemed a feparate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and meaning of this Aft, and of every Aft in force from time to time for the Impofing, Colleftion or Management of any Stamp Duty, unlefs the contrary (hall be captefiiy declared.

LXXXV. And be it further entfted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings and other Proceedings in the Couru of Law and Equity, and Ecdefiadical Courts, Courts of Admiralty, and all other Coons in Ireland9 and all Office Copies thereof refpeftively, which Hull from time to time be charged with any Stamp Duty, dull be ea» grafted or written in fuch manner as they ufually have been accuf-tomed'to be written, fave as is or may be otherwife provided by Law.

LXXXV I. And be it further enafted, That every attefted Copy of any Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Depofition or Depofitions in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, (hall be figncd by the Examiners of the laid Courts refpeftively, and every fuch Examiner (hall date and appoint in Writing at the Foot of every fuch attefted Copy, whether the fame is to be read by or on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or by or on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants in the Suit in which fuch Interrogatories or Depofitions (hall have been taken ; and it (hall not be lawful for any fuch Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of fuch Interrogatories or Depofitions which (hall be fo appointed to be read on behalf of any Defendant in fuch Suit, nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any fuch Copy which (hall be appointed to be fo read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Complainant, unlefs the fame refpeftively (hall be dapped with a Second Set of Stamps equal to the Firft Stamps impofed thereon, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding $ and every fuch Examiner (hall give fuch attefted Copy, doubly ftasnped, to any Party requiring the feme, and offering to pay for the fame the Amount of fuch Second Set of Stamps fa addition to the ufual Charge.

LXXXVII. And be it further enafted. That no Depofition (kail r be entered as read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant refpeft-

ta	ivdy

A.TX IMS.

5&GEQ- 11L

C.5*,



mly until the Officer entering the fame (hall hare infpe&ed the

Copy from which the fame was fo read, and have feen that the fame

was either doubly damped or duly appointed at aforefaid to be read

for the Party fo defiring to enter the fame, and if any fuch Officer

(hall offend herein he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of

Five Pounds ; and if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, o* Penalty.

any Attorney in the Court of Exchequer hi Ireland, (hall read on CWrk, Ac.

behalf of any Plaintiff any Copy fo appointed to be read on the Part ^nc^not**1

pf any Defendant or Defendants, the fame not being doubly damped being *"doubly

as aforefaid, pr (hall read on behalf of any Defendant any Copy jumped.

appointed to be read on the Part of any Plaintiff, the fame not

being doubly damped as aforefaid, any luch Perfon fo offending

lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds $ pro- Ptusky.

vided nevertheless, that it (hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the

Court that the Party feeking to read any Copy of any fuch Depo-

fitions did pona jide take out a Copy of fuch Depofitions duly

damped, but that the fame hath been loft or midaid, it (hall and

may be lawful for fuch Court to order that the Copy of the oppo-

fite Party may be read, and thereupon fuch Copy matt and may be

read and entered in the fame manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if

fuch Copy fo ordered to be read was doubly damped.

LXXXV1II. And be it further enafted, That whenever any Of- Offict Copies to fieer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland (hall make out,	Number

fttteff or deliver any Office Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of thTSack** any Nature or Kind whatever in fuch Court, fuch Officer (hall, in the Book in which Entry (hall be made of fuch Pleading or Proceeding, mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which fuch Copy (hall confift, and (hall in like manner mark on the Back of every fuch Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein ; and if fuch Officer lhall negleft or omit fo to do, he (hall for every fuch

or Omiffion Forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

LXXXIX. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Officer giving a Commencement of this Aft no Officer of any Court of Law or CopyorEitratt Equity, or of any Public Office in Ireland\ (hall rive or deliver, or caufe or permit to be given or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons Stamp,6 whensoever, any Copy or Extraft of any Record, Pleading, Pro. ceediug or Document filed or remaining in fuch Court or Office, lave and except Copy or Extraft written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly ftaxnpea in fuch manner as (hall be then by Law required for fuch Copy or Extraft; and that no fuch Officer (hall permit any Perfon whatfoever to write or take down in Writing any Copy of any fuch Pleading, Proceeding, Record or Document, unleu fuch Perfon (hall fo write or take down the fame on Paper,

Parchment or Vellum duly damped, in fuch manner as (hall be then fcjr Law required for an Office Copy ; and if any fuch Officer (hall give or deliver or ^tteft, or (hall knowingly caufe or permit to be given or delivered or attefted any fuch Copy or Extraft, or permit any fuch Copy to be written as aforefaid contrary to the Directions of this Aft, ne (hall for every foch Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Ptusky. Pounds.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe it Copws erf Pro* (haB happen that any Perfon (hall require that any Copy of any Re-cord, Document, Proceeding, matter or thing whatfoever, which j^uftation to Hull (pvt bees made and attefted by the proper Officer of any hmaUbtho ~ *	* N 4	Court,	ptoptr Stamp.



56* GEO. Ill

AJt).l8

Copy of Record, Sec. being (tamped and brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin to be further damped.

Officer to draw a Line acrotii funner Atteft-

penaky.

Writs to arrelt how to be entered.

Officer offencL »g*

Penalty.

Officer to pay orer Duty payable on Entries in Records, Sec. of Courts of Jufbce.

Court, Ihall be again attefted by the proper Officer, and in refp of which attefted Copy any Stamp Duty (hall be payable greater Amount than was paid or payable at the time of fuch former Atti don, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer again to attefl fuch Copy if the fame (hall have thereon due a lawful Stamps to the Amount of the Duty payable thereon at t time of fuch Requeft, although any fuch Copy may hare been b fore attefted by the proper Officer for the time being, and altbow fuch Stamps, or any of them, (hall have been on fuch Copy at tS time of fuch former Atteftation, and may have been the Stamps c Stamp in refpeft whereof fuch former Atteftation was .made, an every Copy fo attefted on Stamps to the proper Amount rcfped ively (hall be deemed to be duly damped to all Intents and Purpofcs and if any Copy of any fuch Record, Document, Proceeding, mat ter or thing, having any Stamps thereon, (hall be brought to tk Stamp Office in Dublin, ,to be further damped, then andioewy fuch cafe, if fuch Copy (hall appear to have been previoufly attefted, and to have had any Stamp or Stamps thereon at the time of fuch previous Atteftation, fuch other and further Stamps (hall be im-prefled thereon as (hall be required by the Perfon fo bringing the fame, fuch Perfon ftrft paying the Amount of fuch Stamps; and in fuch cafe the Officer to whom the fame (hall be produced at the faid Stamp Office (hall draw a Line acrofs fuch former Atteftation, and (hall write the Initials of his Name, and the Date of the Month and Year under the fame, and thereupon fuch Copy (hall never after be read or ufed by virtue of fuch Atteftation, nor until fuch Copy (hall be again attefted by the proper Officer at fome time fubfequeat to the fame being fo damped ; and if fuch Copy fo to be brought to fuch Stamp Office (hall not appear to have been previoufly attefted, then fuch Stamp or Stamps as (hall be required by the Perfon bringing the fame (hall be impreffed thereon, he or (he firft paying the Amount thereof; and if any fuch Officer as aforefaid (hall imprefs any Stamp on any fuch Copy fo formerly attefted, and (hall not in manner aforefaid draw a Line acrofs fuch Atteftation and write his Initials under the fame as aforefaid, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.	!

XCI. And be it further ena&ed, That every Officer or Oak belonging or that (hall hereafter belong to the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas or Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, in Ireland, who (hall fign any Writ or Procefs before Judgment, to arreft any Perfon or Perfons thereupon, (hall at the time of figning thereof let down upon fuch Writ or Procefs the Day and Year of figning the fame, which (hall be entered upon the Remembrancer's Roll or in the Book wherein the Abftra& of fuch Writ or Procefs (hall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of fuch Officer or Clerk as aforefaid.

XCII. And be it further ena&ed, That when any Perfon whatsoever ihall defire to have any Judgment marked or any other Entry whatsoever made in or upon any Record, Book or Roll of any Court of Juftice in Ireland, in refpe& of which Entry any Stamp Duty (hall be payable, (fave and except where a Certificate of having paid fuch Stamp Duty (hall be required by Law, and (hall be produced accordingly,) fuch Perfon (hall, over and above the Fee, if any, payable for fuch Entry of fuch Judgment or other matter, pay to the Officer

whom

56* GEO. III.

C. 46.

185

whom he (hall fo require to make fuch Entry, the Amount of fuch Duty, and fuch Officer (hall afterwards pay oyer fuch Duty in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and if any fuch Officer fhall make or penalty, fuffirr to be made any fuch Entry without Production of fuch Certificate, when required by Law, or without having received the Amount of fuch Stamp Duty thereon, where fuch Officer is to receive fuch Stamp Duty, fuch Officer (hall be refponfible for fuch Duty, and be bound to pay over the fame in manner hereinafter provided, in the fame manner in all Refpe&s as if be had a&ually received fuch Duty.

XCIII. And be it further ena&ed. That any Officer who (hall DuPMc*t# Book have the Cuftody of any Book wherein Judgments fhall be entered ?,,tne* °f . in Ireland, (hall keep and have a Duplicate of every fuch Book kept™*” ° wherein all fuch Entries of Judgments (hall be truly copied, and lhall, in confideration thereof, be entitled to have and receive from the Perfon entering any fuch Judgment, a Fee of Sixpence over and Fee. above all other Fees, it any, chargeable thereon.

XCIV. And be it further enaCted, That every Officer of every Such Duplicate Court of Juftice which (hall be held or* (hall fit in the County or Book of Entries County of the City of Dublin, having the legal Cuftody of the .t0 Pr«*uced feveral Records, Rolls or Books belonging to fuch Court refpeft- XermtobolS ively or of any of them, wherein any fuch Entry whatever (hall be fp^ed by the made relating to the Rules or other Proceedings, Procefs or Judg- proper Officer, ments of fuel] Courts, (hall within Ten Days after the Firft Day of each and every Term, produce and bring every Duplicate Book of the Entry of Judgments required to be kept as hereinbefore mentioned, and every original Record, Roll or Book of any of the faid other Entries, to fome Perfon to be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiffioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and every fuch Officer fo bringing any fnch Record, Roll or Book,

(hall infert therein, immediatdy after the laft Entry therein at the time of producing the fame, a Certificate duly figned by him, dating Certificate, the Number of (uch Entries made thereon or therein, in the Term and Vacation immediately preceding, as are fubjeft by Law to any Stamp Duty or Duties; and every fuch Officer (hall thereupon pay Duty to be paid the rail Amount of all fuch Stamp Duties as (hall be then by Law and Book payable for or in refpeft of all fuch Entries therein refpeftively; and damped. every fuch Record, Roll or Book (hall thereupon be damped re-fpearvelj with fome Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whofe of the Stamp Duties fo then paid in refpeft of the feveral Entries fo made therein refpe&ively in fuch preceding Term and Vacation ; which Stamp or Stamps (hall be as few in Number as can conveniently be, to denote the full Payment of the Amount of the (aid Duties in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and (hall be placed in the fame Page or Place on which the Certificate of fuch Officer (hall be written as aforefaid; and if any Officer of the faid Courts officer offend-* fhall negle& or omit to bring any fuch Record, Roll or Book, or to ing. furmfli inch Certificate therein, or pay fuch Duties as aforefaid, or (ball make any falfe Entry therein or in the Copy thereof, or omit to make any true Entry or Copy in any fuch Duplicate Book of .Judgments, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Officer (hall for every fnch Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and in fuch Penalty, cafe, whenever fuch Record, Roll or Book (hall be produced at the (aid Stamp Office, if fuch Certificate (hall not appear therein, the

proper

Ci 56.

56' GEO. 111.

In what way En tries of Judgments (hall be made to ascertain the Duty.

Blink left for Amount of Cofts.

Officer offending.

Penalty.

A.D.i

proper Officer at the (aid Stamp Office (hall himfelf make t Certificate; and on Payment of the Duties thereby appearing due, the £kid Record, Roll or Book (hall be duly flam] aforefaid.

XCV. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever any ( of any Court (hall mark any Judgment not Interlocutory, w for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs or for the Defendant or Defeo or any of {frem, the Amount of the Sum, if any to be reco thereby, whether in refpedt of Debt, Damages or Cofts, k Hated in the faid Entry hereof, fo far as the fame (hall be thee» tained, in order that the Stamp Duty payable in refped thereof be then calculated and paid, and be afterwards accounted for paid over by fuch Officer as aforefaid; and if on any fuch J ment whether for Plaintiff or Defendant Coils (hall be recorer and the Amount of fuch Coils (hall not then be ascertained, ti Blank (hall be left for the Amount of fuch Cods, whether Su, Double or Treble, and as foon as the faid Cods (hall be afeertair and before any Record (hall be made up, or Execution iffued oo d Judgment, fuch Bhmk (hall be filled up with the Amount of ft Cods, and the Perfon requiring fuch Entry, if Cod» only ftaD recovered in fuch Judgment, mall pay the Stamp Duty in ref] of fuch Amount; and if Debt and Damages, or Debt or Dana, alfo be made recoverable therein, then fuch Perfon (hall pay Difference between the Stamp Duty, if any theretofore paid as aH faid, in refpe£t of fuch Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damaj and the Duty payable in refpe& of the whole Amount adjudged; if by any means fuch Stamp Duty (hall not have been thereto! paid, then the Perfon requiring fuch Entry (hall pay to fuch Ol the whole Stamp Duty payable in refpc& of the entire Sun judged, and fuch Officer (hall in any of the faid cafes fill up faia Duplicate Book, and account for and pay over the Sums received by him in manner aforefaid; and if any fuch Judgment i have been fo marked or entered, on or previous to the lad I of the Term immediately.preceding the filling up of fuch Blank, t fuch Officer when he (hall be fo required to fill up fuch Blank, before he (hall fill up the fame, (hall enter a Memorandum tber in his Book in the fame Place as if fuch Memorandum were a Ju< ment entered on that Day, and fuch Memorandum (hall fate t Amount of fuch Cofts, and (hall refer to the Judgment fo previou! marked and then about to be filled up, fo that tne fame may iron diately be found by fuch Reference, and a Reference to fuch Men randum (hall alfo be made in the Margin of fuch Judgment; i when fuch Officer (hall afterwards certify in the Duplicate of fij . Book the Amount of the Stamp Duties for the Term and Vacad next preceding as aforefaid, he (haQ include therein the Duties payable on the filling up of fuch Blank as aforefaid; and if any Oi cer (hall mark or enter any fuch Judgment without Rating then the Amount of the Sum recoverable thereby fo far as the fame A be then afeertained, or (hall iffue or fuffer to be iffued any h cution on any fuch Judgment, or (hall fuffer any Record thereof be made up before full Entry (hall have been made of the Sum be recovered by fuch Judgment as aforefaid, or (hall omit to wi fuch Memorandum as aforefaid, every fuch Officer fo offending ft for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds*

....................... '	XCVI.	Ai

A.D.1816.

£6° GEO. III.

C. 56.

487

XCVL And be it further andedt That all Proeefi which Audi Procefs for en-be catered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearances facing Appear, of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity inr.“or Anfwer* in Mamdt or to enforce the Anfwer or Anfwers of any Defendant wop^Suinp.OU or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, /hall be eogroffed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, damped with tfe Dnty which (hall be then payable upon fnch Procefs; and in Officer offisod-cafe the Officer or Officers who (hall enter or caufe fuch Procefs “I-to be entered as aforefaid, (hall negleA to have fuch Procefs made out as aforesaid, he and they (hall for every fuch Neffled forfeit to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, Penalty, which Sum (hall be enforced in a fummary way upon Motion, by Order of the Court in which fuch Procefs mall be entered, together with the Cofts of fo recovering the fame.

XCVII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Writ of Attach- Writ* of At-ment, Alias, Pluries, Proclamation, Commiffion of Rebellion, Ser- [*chmem»*c- to jean* at Arms or Sequeftration, which (hall iffue in or from the office of the* *** Court of Chanceij in Ireland, (hall be entered in the Office of the Regiftrar. Regiftrar of the (aid Court, and that fuch Regiftrar, and alfo the proper Officer for entering fuch Writs in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Irclandt (hall receive a Fee of Sixpence and Fee* do more, for every fuch Writ which (hall be fo entered by him, and /hall certify fuch Entry on the Back of fuch Writ, and that every fnch Writ (hall be fo entered and iffued before the Return Day thereof and not afterwards; and that none of the faid Writs after the laid Writ of Attachment (hall be fo entered or iffued, unlefs all the preceding Writs in the Order aforefaid (hall previoufly have been a&uaUy and duly entered and iffued as aforefaid; and that no Order, Writs sad Cer-Decree, or Proceeding (hall be made or taken in or by either of tbc tificates of £ud Courts, grounded on any fuch Writ or Procefs, nor (hall fuch E“*.ry “1 Court take any notice of the Exigence of any fuch Writ, until fuch qou1 ^	•

Writ and the Certificate of the Entry thereof (hall have been produced and read to fuch Court: Provided always, that it (ball and may be lawful to and for the laid Officers refpe&ively to iffue any *fuch Writ or Writs at any time after the Return or Returns thereof refpe&ively, fo as the fame (hall be done under an Order fpeciaffy made for that Purpofe by the Court, either on Confent of Parties or under the particular Circumilances of fat cafe, and that every fuch Order (hall be liable to a Duty equal to the full Amount of UU the Stamp Duties payable on each and every Writ which (hall or by PoffibUity may be iffued under the Authority thereof; and that in fnch cafe any Writ which (hall be afterwards iffued under fuch Order (hall have a Memorandum written on the Face of fuch Writ, referring to fuch Order as the Authority for iffuing the fame, and figned by the proper Officer for iffuiug fuch Writ, and thereupon fuch Writ (hall not be fubje& to any Stamp Duty; and if any of In what cafe the aforefaid Writs (hall be iffued without having been entered in Writ not fub. manner hereinbefore required, or without fuch Memorandum written *° SumP on the Face thereof, the fame (hall be void to all Intents and uty*

Porpofes • and each and every Perfon concerned in fo iffuing the fame, tad any Perfon who (hall make any Charge for the fame in . any Bill of Cofts or otherwife, and alfo the Officer from whofe Office the fame (hall be fo iffued, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds Scarfing.

XCVIII. And

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Ufing forged Sumps by Officers of Court, fcc.

By Attorn ie*, See.

By Merchant#, Factors, & c.

Penalty*

Provifo.

Before Enrolment of Deeds, Stamps to be eismined by Regiftrar or ether Officer.

Fee.

XCVIII. And be it farther ena&ed, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, or of any Ecclefiaftical or Admiralty Court, or of any Public Office in Ireland, (hall certify, fub-fcribe, engrofs or write any Copy or Extra A, or any other matter in anywife relating to the Bufinefs of fuch Court or Office, in re-fpeft of which any Stamp Duty (hall be payable, and which according to the ufual Courfe of Bufinefs may or ought to be prepared, written or engrofled by fuch Officer or his Clerks, ana for the writing or engroffing of which, if fo prepared, fuch Officer may be entitled to charge any Fee; and whenever any Six Clerk m Chancery, or any Attorney, Solicitor, Proftor, Agent, Procurator, Notary Public or Scrivener, fhall caufe any Pleading, Order or Proceeding whatfoever, in refpedt whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be payable, to be filed in any fuch Court, or (hall, by himfelf, his Clerks, Agents or Servants prepare, or caufe to be prepared, written or engrofled, any Deed, Inftrument or Writing, in refpeft whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be payable; or if any Merchant, Faftor, Trader or other Perfon (hall caufe any Requifition or Requeft Note for any Permit, or any Certificate of a Permit, which Requifition or Requeft Note (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty, to be prepared, written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, or to be ufed or delivered for or towards the obtaining of fuch Permit or Certificate, and the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which fuch Copy or other matter, Pleading, Order or Proceeding, Deed, Inftrument or Writing, Requifition or Requefts Note (hall be written or engrofled, (hall be damped or marked with a falfe, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, then and in every fuch cate every fuch Officer, Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Procurator, Proctor, Notary Public or Scrivener, Merchant, Faftor, Trader or other Perfon refpe&ively, (hall, for every fuch falfe, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Briti/b Currency, unlefs he (hall prove that the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, fo ftamped or oaarked, was bought with the Stamps or Marks thereon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or of fame Distributor or Sub Diftributor of Stamps, or of fame Perfon been fed to fell Stamps.

XCIX. And be it farther ena&ed, That whenever any Deed or other Inftrument which (hall be fubjeft to any Stamp Duty whatfoever (hall be delivered for Regiftry to the Regiftrar or Deputy Regiftrar for regiftering Deeds m Ireland, or (hall be delivered for Enrolment to any Officer of any of His Majefty’s fuperior Courts in Dublin, or to any Clerk of the Peace or other Perton entrufted to enrol Deeds in Inland, fuch Regiftrar, Deputy Regiftrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Perfon, (hall before the fame (hall be fa regiftered or enrolled refoe&ively, examine carefully fuch Deed and the Stamp thereon, for which Examination the Perfon a&ually making the fame, whether Principal or Deputy, (hall receive for his own proper Ufe from the Perfon fo delivering fuch Deed or Inftrument a Sum or Fee of One Shilling and no more over and above all other lawfal Fees; and if fuch Deed (hall not be ftamped with a proper and legal Stamp to denote the Payment of the Duty which (halt appear to be payable thereon, fuch Regiftrar, Deputy Regiftrar or Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Perfon (hall not fuffer fuch Deed to be regiftered or enrolled refpe&ively

until

A.D.1816;

56® GEO. III.

C. 56.

189

Penalty.

Receiving Memorial for Re-giftry nnleft accompanied by Deed.

Penalty.

Attefted Copy of Judgment not to be received in Evidence unleft certified that Judgment was duly ftamped.

Penalty.

Bail Bondi in cafes of Arreft may be afligned ut any Sump, See.

until the fame (hall be duly damped; and if ftich Regiftrar, Deputy Regiftrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other rerfon, (hall offend herein, he (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Suns of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

C And be it further ena&ed, That no Memorial (hall be received for Regiftry by any Regiftrar or Deputy Regiftrar in Ireland, uolef* he (hall receive at the fame time the Deed or other In-(bnmeut required to be regiftered thereby; and if any fuch Regiftrar or Deputy Regiftrar mall receive fuch Memorial without fuch Deed or other Inftrument, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Cl. And be it further ena&ed, That no attefted Copy of any final Judgment, which (hall have been entered iu Ireland before the Commencement of the faid recited A& paffed in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to regulate the Collection and Manage-meat of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors,

Prodors and Corporate Officers in Ireland, and which (hall have required a Stamp, (hall be given or received in Evidence, unlefs the Officer attefting the fame mall certify, not only that the fame is a true Copy of fuch Judgment, but that fuch Judgment has been dulv ftamped; and if any Officer (hall certify the fame falfely, he (half,, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

CII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall be arrefted by virtue of any Writ or Procefs of any of His Majefty’s Superior Courts of Record in Dublint at the Suit of any common Perfon, and the Sheriff or otherOfficer (hall take. Bail for fuch Perfon, againft whom fuch Writ or Procefs (hall iffue, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Requeft and Coft of the Plaintiff in fuch A&ion or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, (hall duly affign to the Plaintiff in fuch A&ion or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from fuch Bail, by Indorfement according to Law, without any Stamp in refpeft of fuch Affignment; and alio when and fo often as it (hall become neceflary for any Sheriff or other Officer in Ireland having Authority to grant Replevins, to affign any Bail Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin, to the Avowant or Defendant in fuch A&ion, then and in fuch cafe fuch Affignment may be made without any Stamp in refpe& thereof: Provided ne-verthelefs, that no A&ion (hall be brought under any Affignment iu any of the laid cafes until the fame (hall be firft duly ftamped with fuch Stamp as (hall be then by Law required for fuch Affign-znent; and the laid feveral Alignments (hall, on Application at the Stamp Office in Dublin, at any time before any A&ion be brought thereupon, be duly ftamped in fuch manner as (hall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, lave only the Duty which (hall be then payable thereon.

CIII. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Com- Conveyancts to snencement of this A&, in all cafes of the Sale of any Lands, Te- «*P«f» Confinements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Perfonal, or de”tio0 Money of any Right, Title, Intereft or Claim in, to, out of or upon any '

Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property where a Duty is or (haO be from time to time impofed on tne Conveyance thereof m proportion to the Amount of the Purchafe or Confider-ation Money therein or thereupon expreffed, the full Purchafe or Confidenrion Money which (haul be dire&ly or indire&ly paid or

lecured.

Provifo as to A3 ion on Af-figmnem.

0.56.

56* GKO. m.

A.D.U

Penalty.

Summarily recovered.

Parries giving Information indemnified and rewarded.

Purchasers may recover back from the Sellers fo much of the Confidential as ihall not be ez-prefled.

fecured, or agreed to be paid for the fame, (ball be truly expn and fet forth in Words at length in or upon the principal or Deed or Inftrument whereby the Land or other thing fold (Hal granted, affigned, transferred, releafed, renounced or other wife veyed to or veiled in the Purchafer or Purchasers, or to or in other Perfon or Perfons, by his, her or their Dire&k>n, and where, upon the Sale of any Annuity, Eafement, Servitude or o Right, not before in exiftence, the fame (hall not be created a&ual Grant or Conveyance, but (hall only be fecured by Be Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract or other Security, full Purchafe or Confideration Money which (hall be dire&iy indirectly paid or fecured, or agreed to be paid for the feme, (I be truly expreffed and fet forth in Words at length in or upon Bond or other Inftrument or Inftrumenta by which the fame ft be feetffed ; and if in any of the faid cafes the full Purchafe or Cc fideration Money (hall not be truly expreffed and fet forth in mum hereby directed, the Purchafer and Purchafers, Seller and Seflerj and each and every of them, (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pwwh and (hall alfo he charged and chargeable with and be hokkafabl to the Payment of Five times the Amount of the Duty wbw (hould have been payable for fuch Deed, Bond or other Inftrumd as aforefaid, in refpe& of the full Purchafe or Confideration Mow; in cafe the fame had been truly expreffed and fet forth m or npc fuch Deed, Bond or Inftrument, beyond tbe Amount of the Did a&ually paid for the fame, which Quintuple Duty (hall be deemn and taken to be a Debt to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefor of and from the Party or Parties relpe&ivdy hereby made liable \ pay the fame, and may be recovered by a fummary Application the Court of Exchequer, againft any fuch Party, in (ike manner i any unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under the Provifions c any A& of Parliament made or to be made in that behalf.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That if an] or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of fuel Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforefaid, (hall give Information t< the Commiffioners of Stamps, whereby fuch Penalty or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, (hall be recovered from any other Party oi Parties liable refpe&ively thereto, the Party or Parties giriar tfa Information (hall not only be indemnified and difeharged of and from fuch hh, her or their Liability, but alfo be rewarded by the! Commiffioners of Stamps out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty fa recovered, to fuch Extent as the faid Commiffioners (hafi thick proper, hot not exceeding One Half of what (hall be fo recovered^ and where any other Perfon (hall give Information whereby fochl Penalty or Quintuple Duty (hall be retsovered, he or (he (hall be rewarded in the like manner.

CV. And be it further enaded, That where the lull Purchafe or Confideration Money (hall not be truly expreffed or fet forth in tbe manner hereby dire&ed, it (hall be lawful for the Purchafer or Purchafers, or any of them, or his, her or their Executors or Ad-miniftrators, to recover back from the Seller or Sellers, his, her or their Executors or Adminiftrators, fo much and fuch Put of fueh Purchafe or Confideration Monty as (hall not be expreffed and fet forth as aforefaid, or tbe whole thereof, if no Part of the feme (hall be lb expreffed and fet forth, either in an Adioa for Money

A.B. 1816.

66° GEO. III.

C .66.

191

had and roared for the Ufe of the Party or Partiet filing for the fame, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of Hif Majefty’s Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Cffoign, Prote&ion, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed, together with Double the Cofts of Suit; but fuch Poitbafe or Conveyance (hall not therefore be affe&ed or impeached for any Want or lnadeauacy of Confideration, but the fame (hall be of the fame Force, Validity and Eflfeft as if the Sum fo recovered bad been expreffed in the Deed or other Conveyance as the Confederation or Part of the Confideration thereof, and had been duly paid and retained accordingly.

CVI. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Attorney, Solicitor Attornies, Sec. or other Perfon who (hall be employed in or about the preparing of knowingly in-any fuch Deed, Bond or other Inftrument, in or upon which the full thann^*Tfuirhfr Porchafe or Confideration Money is hereby required to be truly Coofideratkm: expreffed and fet forth as aforefeid, or who (hall be employed for any of the Parties thereto in anywife about or relating to the Tranf-a&ion therein mentioned, (hall knowingly and wilfully infert or fet forth, or caufe to be inferted or fet forth, in or upon any fuch Deed,

Bond or other Inftrument, any other than the full and true Purchafe or Confideration Money direaly or indire&ly paid or fecured, or agreed to be paid for tne fame, or fliall in anywife aid or aflift in the doing thereof reflectively, every fuch Attorney, Solicitor or other Ferfon fo offending fhaU for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of -Five Hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no ProvHo where Party, Attorney, Solicitor or other Perfon whofoever fhaU be liable	iltK*

to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatfoever by reafon of the full Pur-chafe or Confideration Money not being truly expreffed and fet forth in or upon any fuch Deed, Bond or other Inftrument as aforefaid, uniefs the Duty or Duties actually paid for the fame (hall be lefs than would have been payable for the fame, in cafe the full Purchafe or Confideration Money had been truly expreffed and fet forth according to the Directions of this A ft.

CVIII. And be it further enaCfced, That where there (hall be Du- Duplicate* and . plicate* or Triplicates, or more than One Part made of any Inftru- Triplicate* of matt which (hall be then by Law charged with any ad valorem charJd.eM> Doty, and of which One Part only (hall be by Law chargeable with any ad valorem Duty, One of fuch Duplicates, Triplicates or Parts (hall be charged with the faid ad valorem Duty, and the other or others of them (hall be exempted therefrom, but (hall ne» vertheiris be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general, and the faid Commimoners of Stamps, upon all the Parts of fuch Inftruments being produced to them duly ftamped as hereby required, (hall caufe the Duplicates, Triplicates or all other Pirts thereof refpeCtivelv, except that on which the ad valorem Duty (hall be fhunped, to be aMb ftamped with fome particular Stamp for denoting or teftifying the Payment of die find ad va* form Duty, and thereupon, but not before or otherwife, fuch Duplicate or Triplicate or other Part (hall or may be received as Evidence in any Court of Juftice.

CIX. And be it further enafted, That no Affidavit made for the No/Utiiritsfor Purpofe of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury far raffing Money far Repair of Roads, or for any other Public Pur- 0nod jurjigXm

pofe, tsbedelirated

lefs than other-wife would luve been pay able.

192

cue.

56* GEO. Ill,

A.D.181S.

unlefs duly ftampcd.

Collations, Pre-fentaticns, Sic. to be filed in Regiftry of Dio-cefe and Certificate obtained that Inftrument* have been duly (tamped, if Stamps are retired, Ac c.

Induction made to the contrary void.

Penalty.

Regiftrars entitled to Fee for fuch Certificates.

Regiftrar offending.

Penalty.

Beneficed Per-fons to produce and prove fuch Certificates,

pofe, (hall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor (hall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor (hall any fuch Affidavit he delivered by him to or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unlefs fuch Affidavit (hall be written on Paper (lamped with the Stamp which (hall be then by Law required for the fame, nor (hall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money prefented by any Grand Jury, be laid before any Grand Jury by the Secretary, or be read in Court, or authorize the Court to difeharge any Quere, unlefs it (hall be written on Paper duly damped.

CX. And be it further ena&ed, That no Collation, Presentation or Donation, to, of or for any Benefice or Spiritual or Ecclefiadical Promotion in Ireland, (hall be good, valid or effe&ual, unlefs the fame (hall be in Writing under Hand and Seal, and (hall be duly damped, if a Stamp (hall be neceffary thereon ; and that every fucu Writing, as alfo aU and every Presentation or Donation under the Great Seal of Ireland, (hall be depofited with the Regidrar of the Diocefe, who (hall forthwith caufe the fame to be filed in the Re-gidry of the Diocefe, and (hall give to the Perfon fo depofiting the lame a Certificate that the fame has been fo depofited, and fuch Certificate (hall further date either that fuch Indrument is duly damped, or that the fame is not by Law fubje& to any Stamp, and (hall alfo date the Date of fuch Indrument, and the Day of the Month and Year when fuch Indrument was fo depofited or filed, and no Perfon (hall be indu&ed into any Benefice or Promotion in Ireland, who (hall not, previous to and at the time and Place of fuch Indu&ion, produce fuch Certificate to the Perfon or Perfons authorized to make fuch Indu&ion, and if any Indu&ion (hall be made contrary to this Provifion the fame (hall be wholly void and of no Effe&, and every Perfon making the lame (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

CXI. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Regidrar (hall, for fo receiving and filing fuch Indrument, and granting fuch Certificate thereof, be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence for any new Certificate of the fame matter that may be afterwards required; and if any fuch Regidrar (hall refufe, negle& or omit to receive and file fuch Indrument, or to grant any fuch new Certificate, on reafonable Demand thereof, or (hall certify therein any thing vvhich (hall not be true, (of the Truth whereof the Proof (hail lie on him,) he (hall for every luch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling*

CXII. And be it further cna&ed, That every Perfon who, from and after the Commencement of this A&, or of any A& requiring the filing of fuch Indrument in Ireland, (hall have received of (had receive any Benefice or Spiritual or Ecclefiadical Promotion in Ireland, (hall be bound to produce and prove, and (hall produce and prove fuch Certificate as aforefaid, as Part of his Title to fuch jfenefice or Promotion, upon any Trial or Hearing of any A&ion, Suit or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Tithe or Glebe or other Purpofe whatever, before any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclefiadical Court, or any luminary Jurifdi&ion whatever, wherein it (hall be neceffary for him to produce or prove fuch his Title, and that without the Produ&ion and Proof of fuch Certificate, fuch Court or Jurifdi&ion (hall deem fuch Title to be inv

perfefc

A.D.181S.

56* GEO. III.

C> 56.

193

perfedand not duly proved, and (hall decide accordingly, notwith-tbodmg any Confent or Adimiffion of the Parties or any of them.

' CXIII. And Whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties impofed 4 os the Admifiion of Fellows into the College of Phyficians or ' Ssraeotft, and of Freemen and others into other Corporations,

1 Gauds or Companies in Ireland, has been and may be evaded

Be it therefore ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the faid College Duties on Ad-

of Phyficians or Surgeons, and for every Body Politic or Corporate,

Corporation, Guild or Company in Ireland, which (hall admit any ^hyficUni,&c! Perfon or Perfons into any fuch College, Corporation, Guild or and of Freemen Company, by themfelves, or by fome Perfon or Perfons employed into Corpor-by fuch CoUege, Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are itions fecured. hereby required, previoufly to the Admifiion of any fuch Perfon into fuch College, Corporation, Guild or Company, to demand and recefTe, for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, of and from the Perfon fo admitted, the feveral and refpe&ive Stamp Doties which (hall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admifiion of fuch Perfon into fuch College,

Corporation, Guild or Company; and the proper Officer of fuch College, or Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company, (hall make an Entry, Minute or Memorandum of fuch Adnuffion upon the proper Stamp in fome Book, Roll, or Record of fuch College, Corporation, Guild or Company, within one Month after fuch Perfon (hall be fo admitted into fucn College, Corporation, Guild or Company ; and if fuch Officer (hall negled or refufe Officer offend-fo to do, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every fuch CoUege, Corporation, Guild or Company Penalty.

(haU be anfwerable for aU fuch Duties without any Proof of the fame having been fo received, or whether the fame refpe&ively (hall have been fo received or not, and the fame (haU be a Debt to His Maje&jr, and recoverable with Colts by a fummary Application to the Court of Exchequer as any other unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under any Aft or Afts in force or to be in torce in Ireland, for the Securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties.

CX1V. And be it further enafted, That any and every Officer of Books of CoU the College of Phyficians or Surgeons, or of any Corporation, le*e» Corpor-Gmld, Fraternity or Company in Ireland, who (hall from time to fni^oDut^mVi time have in his Cuftody any Book, File, Record, Remembrance, be infpeaed by* Docket or Proceeding of or belonging to fuch College, Corpora- an Officer ef don, Guild, Fraternity or Company, the Sight or Knowledge Stamps, whereof may tend to the fecuring any of His Majefty'a Stamp Duties which now are or (haU at any time be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Difcovery of any Fraud or Omillion in relation thereto, or to any of them, (hall at aU feafonable times permit any Perfon thereunto authorized by die Commiffioners of Stamps, to try, fearch, infpe&, and view aU fuch Books, Files,

Records, Remembrances, Dockets and Proceedings as aforefaid,

without Fee or Reward, and to take thereout iuch Notes and Without Fee.

Memorandums as fhall be neceflary for the Purpofes laft mentioned,

without Fee or Reward; and if any fuch Officer (haU refufe or ne- Officer refufiof,

gleffc fo to do, upon Demand made by fuch Perfon fo authorized as &c.

aforefaid, fuch Officer fo refilling or neglefting (hall, for every fuch

Refufal or Negled, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

£6 Gm. III.	O	CXV. And

*8*

£.5.6,

J^OEO. III.

A.D.18

Duty on Probates, Arc. to be payable only in refpe& of Value of fuch Eftate as lliall be (ituated in Ireland.

Probate, See* effectual for recovering Truft Property.

A ‘idavit or Affirmation before granting Probate, &c. that Eftate and Effects of Deceafed are undervalue of a fpecified Sun*

Such Affidavit to be in the Form in the annexed Schedule. Proceedings thereon.

CSV. And h? it further ensued, That the feveral Stamp Di from time to time iinpofed by Law ia Mand% upon aay prok or Letters of Adnuniftration, or Receipts for Legacies or Sb or Proportions of any Eftate or Effect* (hall be deemed pad ta to be changeable and charged* and payable and paid* only in rdj of the Amount or Value of fuch Eftate and Effefts as Adi fitq*ted in Ireland, and of fuch Legacies as (hall be payable am Eftate*. Effects in Irelands and that po Perfon (hall be den pr tafien to have proved any Will in Ireland until be Hull ha * tailed Probate thereof from the proper Ecclefiaftical Court ^reldpcL

CXYL And be it further ena&ed, That the Probate of the \ Of any Peajfon deceafed, or the Letters of Admiaiftratico of Efie&s of any Perfon deceafed, heretofore granted or to be horaf granted in Ireland, (baft be deemed and taken to be valid and an able by the Executor* or Adminiftratora of the Deceafcd (or i covering, transferring or afigvuag any Debt or Debt* of oth Per fan a] Eftate or Effe&s, hereof or whereto the Deceafed w? pofteffcd or entitled* either wholly or partially, as a Tralee, w withftanding th*t the Amount or Value of fuch Debt or Debt or other Perfonsd Eftate or Effects, or the Amount or Valued much thereof, or fucb Intereft therein, aa was Truft Property in \ Deceafed (*s the cafe may be) (hall not be included m the Amor or Value of the Eftate in refpeft of which the Stamp Duty« paid oq fuch. Probate or Letters of Adminiftration.

CXVIL And bo it further ena&ed, That from aad aftert Commencement of this A#* no Ecclefiaftical Court or Jurifdidi in IreJandi (Ml grant Probate of the Will or Letters of Adminifb lion of the Eftate and Effe&$ of any Per (bo deceafed, without i requiring and receiving from the Berfon or Perfoni applying for t Probate or Letter* of Adminiftratioo, or from fonac other compel Perfon or Perfons, an Affidavit or folemn Affirmation in the cj of Quakers, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto aoneu that the Eftate and Effe&s of the Deceafed, for or in refperi which tlic Probate or Letters, of Administration is or are to granted, are under the Value of a certain Sum to be (perilled fuch Affidavit* to the beft of the Deponent’s or Affirmant’s Kooi ledge, Information and ftclfef, and according to the Account i bo annexed to fuch Affidavit* according to which Sum the Sun Duty (haft be ascertained which (hall be then required qb k Probate or Letters of Admmiftnation, which Affidavit or Affid ation (haft be made before the Surrogate or other Perfon who fa audmmifter the ufual Oath for the due. Adminiftration of the Efa and Effc&a of the Deceafed.

CXVIIL And be it further eaa&ed. That every fuch Aid or Affirmation (haft be exempt from Stafnp Duty, aad (hall beat! Form it* the find Schedule to this Act annexed drafted in than fped, anft (haft; when duly Cworo be certified accordingly by i Regiftrar of the Court, and (hall, together with the Copy of i Will or Extrad or Account of the Letters of Adaiaiflratioo which it (haft relate, be tranfmitted by the Regiftrar of the Con to the proper Officer at tlw Stamp Office in, Dublin., if fucb Cos (hall be in. the City or County of Dublin, and if in any other Pi Ireland^ then to the Diftributor of the Diftsid ia which fa

15	Cot

A-D.181&

GEO. IIL

C.fifi.

19S

Court flail be, which Diftributor (hall forthwith tranfmh fuch Afidbnt to the proper Officer at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and eacfcifld ettry Affidavit fo received at the Stamp Office from any RerAnr or Diftributor (hall be forthwith filed in the faid Stamp Omx ; and on the Receipt of fuch Affidavit by the proper Officer st the Stamp Office, if the Court be in the City or County of Dublin, or by die Diftributor if in any other Part ot Ireland, and on Pay-rat of the Duty payable in refped of fuch Probate or Letters of Admaniftratioe, the proper Officer of the Stamp Office in Dublin$ or the Diftributor of Stamps, as the cafe (hall require, /hall forthwith iflbe aad deliver to the Party paying fuch Duty on Parchment or Vellum damped with the proper Stamp according to the Amount mentioned in fuch Affidavit, together with a Certificate of having received foch Affidavit and of the Amount of Personal Property aradooed therein, and of the Payment of the proper Duty for the Probate or Letters of Administration in refpe& thereof; and if any Rcgiftrar or other Officer whofe Duty k (nail be, (hall negleft to tranfrsk fuch Affidavk or Affirmation to the faid Commiffioners of

8tamps, as hereby dire&ed* or (hull iffue any fuch Probate or Letters of Adtatuiflraftion without having tnmfmitted fuch Affidavit, and received fuch Certificate as aforefaid, oT upon Vellum or Parchment not ftamped with a Stamp of the proper Amount according to fuch Certificate, then and in every fuch cafe every Perfon fo offending fhdS forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CXJJL And be k further ena&ed, That from and after the Commencement of thin A&, where any Perfon on applying for the Probate of a Will oar Letters of Adminiftration in Ireland (hall have eftimated the Eftate and Effefte of the Deceafed to be of a

nor Value than the fame (hall have afterwards proved to be, and in confoquenoe have paid too high a Stamp Duty thereon, if fuch Ferfim Hull produce the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration to tbr find Commiffioners of Stamps, within .Six Calendar Months after the true Value of fchc Eftate and Effefts have been ascertained, and k (hall be difeovesed that too high a Duty was firft paid on the frdnte or Letters of Adminiftration, and (hall deliver to them a particular Inventory and Account and Valuation of the Eftate and J3fle£h of the Deceafed, verified by an Affidavit (or folemn Affirm-afoo^ m tbr cafe of Quakrra) ; and if it (hall thereupon fatiafo&orily appear to the fold Commiffioners that a greater Stamp Duty was poadon the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration than the Law require^ k flail bo lawful for the faid Commiffioners to cancel and rupmsgr -the Stamp* on the laid Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, and to fubftitute another Stamp for denoting the Duty which ought to* have been paid thereon, and to. make an Allowance for the JXttresee between them as in the cafes of fpoiled Stamps, or to uepoy thrfomem Money at the Difcrefeon of the faid Commiffioners.

C3LX. And bek further enabled. That firom and after the puffing •f ffitM, where any Perfoa On applying for the Probate of a Witt or Letters «f Adminiftration, (hall have eftimated the Eftate and Efie&s of the Deceafed to be of lefs Value than the fame (hall have afterwarda proved to be, and (hall in confequenoe have paid too dttde Stay Duty thereon,, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com-WBaSkaam ai Stamps, on Delivery to them of an Affidavit or folemn fiffignbdaisf theValue o£ the Eftate and Effc&t of. the Decoded,

0 2	to

Officer offirtid-ing.

Penalty.

Where tbo high a Duty has been paid for Probate.

Verified by Affidavit.

Relief!

Where the Duty* has been paid too little, Probate, See. to receive the proper Stamp on certain Condition*

196

C. 60.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.18

Provifo as to time of Applica-catioo.

Affidavit, & c.

Relief.

In cafes of Let-ten of Adminiftration on which too little Duty has been paid, Commiffioners (hall not caufe fame to be duly ftamped, until Adminiftrator has given proper Security.

Probates, &c. paying too little Duty through Miftake, Execu-ton, See. to apply within Six Months after the Difcovery.

■f Sic.

Penalty.

Credit to be given of rhe Duty on Pro-

to caufe the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration to he duly ftanj on Payment of the full Duty which ought to have been origin

?aid thereon in refpeft of (uch Value, and of the further San 'enalty payable by Law for damping Deeds after the ExecO thereof, without any Dedu&ion or AUowance for the Stamp D originally paid on fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftrai Provided always, that if the Application (hall be made within! Calendar Months after the true Value of the Eftate and EC (hall be ascertained, and it (hall be difeovered that too little Dl was at firft paid on the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration; i if it (hall appear by Affidavit or folemn Affirmation to the Si fadtion of the faid Commiffioners that fuch Duty was paid in a fequence of any Miftake or Mifapprehenfion, or of its not be known at the time that fome particular Part of the Eftate u Effedts belonging to the Decealed, and without any Intention < Fraud, or to delay the Payment of the full and proper Doty, the it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to remit the before mentioned Penalty, and to caufe the Probate or Letter* of Ad miniftration to be duly (lamped, on Payment only of the Somv\uc (hall be wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been ; firft paid thereon.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enadfced, That cafes of Letters of Adminiftration, on which too little Sump Du (hall have been paid at firft, the faid Commiffioners of Stamps 1h not caufe the fame to be duly damped in the manner aforefad w the Adminiftrator (hall have given fuch Security to the Ecclefiaftic Court or Ordinary by whom the Letters of AdmimftratioD & have been granted, as ought by Law to have been given on the gru ing thereof in cafe the full Value of the Eftate and Effeftsof t Deceafed had been then ascertained, and alfo that the iaidCoi miffioners of Stamps (hall yearly or oftener tranfmit an Account I the Probates or Letters of Adminiftration upon which the Stamj (hall have been redtified in purfuance of this A£t, to the few Ecclefiaftical Courts by which the fame (hall have been grante together with the Value of the Eftate and Effects of the Dectife upon which fuch Ratification (hall have proceeded.

CXXI I. And be it further ena&ed, That where too little Dot (hall have been paid on fuch Probate or Letters of Adainiftntioi in confequence of any Miftake or Mifapprehenfion, or of it* Q being known at the time that fome particular Part of the Eftate u Effedts belonged to the Deceafed, if any Executor or Adrniniftm adfcing under fuch Probate of + Letters of Adminiftration (hall o withinJSix Calendar Months after the paffing of tins Aft, or aft the Difcovery of the Miftake or Mifapprehenfion, or of any Etb or Effedts not known at the time to have belonged to the Dectift apply to the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, and pay what fb& wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been paid at on fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, he or (he (hill W the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and alfo a further Sum at i after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of Sum wanting to make up the proper Duty.

* CXXlft. And Whereas it has happened in the Cafe of Lett * of Adminiftration on which the proper Stamp Duty hath not b • paid at firft, that certain Debts, Chattels, Real or other Effa

U

A.D.181A

56° GEO. III.

C .<56.

197

•	doe or belonging to the Deceafed, have been found to be of fuch b*tei,&cJn

*	pest Value that the Adminiftrator hath not been po defied of ctrum 4 Moocv fufficient either of his own or of the Deceafed to pay the

‘ /equiate Stamp Duty, in order to render fuch Letter* of Ad*

'oisiftration available for the Recovery thereof by Law: And ' Whereas the like may occur again, and it may alfo happen that ‘ Executor* of Perfons entitled to take out Letter* of Adminiftra-‘ tion may, before obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters of Ad-‘ minifbation of the Eftate and EfFe&s of the Deceafed, find fome 4 confiderable Part or Parts of the Eftate and Effe&s of the Deceafed

*	fo drcomftanced a* not to be immediately got Poifeflion of, and

*	may not have Money fufficient either of their own or of the 1 Deceafed to pay the Stamp Duty on the Probate or Letters of

*	Adminiftration, which it (hall be neceflary to obtain ;* Be it therefore further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this A6t, it /hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Stamps, on fatisfa&orv

Proof of the FaA, by Affidavit or folemn Affirmation in any fucn Affidavit or

case as aforefaid, which may appear to them to require Relief, to Affirmation.

caufe the Probate or Letters of Adminiftration to be duly ftamped

for denoting the Duty payable, or which ought originally to have

been paid thereon, and to give Credit for the Duty, either upon

Payment of the beforementioned Penalty, or without, in cafes of

Probates or Letters of Adminiftration already obtained, and upon

which too little Duty (hall have been paid, and either with or without

Allowance of the Stamp Duty already paid thereon, as the cafe

may require, under the Provifions of this Ad ; provided in all fuch PwilU

cafes of Credit, the Security be firft given by tlie Executors or

Adminiftrators, together with Two or more fufficient Sureties, to

be approved of by the faid Commiffioners by a Bond to His Majefty,

his Heirs or Succefibrs, in Double the Amount of the Duty, for the

due and full Payment of the Sum for which Credit (hall be given,

within Six Calendar Months, or any lefs Period, and of the Intereft

for the lame at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum*

from the Expiration of fuch Period until Payment thereof, in cafe of

any Default of Payment at the time appointed, and fuch Probate or

Letters of Adminiftration been f duly ftamped in the manner afore- t Su»

laid, (hall be as valid and available as if the proper Duty had been at

firft paid thereon, and the lame had been ftamped accordingly^

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That if at Time of Credit the Expiration of the time to be allowed for the Payment of the may be extended. Duty on fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, it (hall appear to the Satida&ioQ of the faid Commiffioners that the Executor or Adminiftrator to whom fuch Credit (hall be given as aforefaid (hall not have recovered Efie&s of the Deceafed to an Amount fufficient for the Payment of the Duty* it (hall be lawful for the faid Cora-snffioner* to give fuch further time for the Payment thereof, and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as they (haU think expedient.

CXXV* Provided Alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That the Pro- Probate, &c. bate or - Letters of Adminiftration, fo to be ftamped on Credit as "hen aforefaid, (hall be depofited with the faid Commiffioners of Sumps, and (ball not be delivered up to the Executor or Adminiftrator until CoatmiffioaeiY Payment of the Duty, together with fuch Intereft as aforefaid, if any (ball become due ; but the fame fhall neverthelef* be produced in Evidence by fome Officer of the Commiffioners of Stamp*, at the

O S	Ex	pence

196

Duty for which Credit is given to be a prefer, able Debt.

Penalty.

Letters of Ad. miniftmtion de bonis non to be ftamped in cafes where Credit is given.

Valid.

Executors, &c. to deliver to Com. miffioners an Account of Eftate of De-ceafed, and all Payments made.

to what cafe Account on Oatfw

C. 56.	56*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1S16.

Expence o tthe Executor or Adminiftrator, at Occafum Stall require.

CXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Duty for which Credit {hall be given as aforefaid, {hall be a Debt to His Magefty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, from the Perfonal Eftate of the Deceafed, and (hall be paid in preference to and before any other Debt what-foever due mm the laid Eftate; and if any Executor or Admi-niftrator of the Eftate of the Deceafed {hall pay any other Debt in preference thereto, he or {he {hall not only be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty out of his or her own Eftate, but (hall alfo forfeit the Sum of Fite hundred Pounds.

CXXVI I. And be it further ena&ed, That if before Payment of the Duty for which Credit (hall be given m any fuch cafe as aforefaid, it (hall become neceflary to take out Letters of Adminiftradon de bonis non of the Deceafed, it (hall alfo be lawful for the laid Commifiioners of Stamps to caufie fuch Letters of Adminiftradon de bonis non to be duly ftamped with the particular Stamp provided to be ufed on Letters of Adminiftradon of that Kind, for denoting the Payment of the Duty in refpe& of the Effeds of the Deceafed, on fome prior Probate or Letters of Adminiftradon of the fame Effed, in fuch and the fame manner as if the Duty had been adually paid upon having the Letters of Adminiftradon de bonis non depofited with the faid Commifiioners, and upon having fuch further Security for the Payment of the Duty as they (hall thiuk expedient j and fuch Letters of Adminiftradon {hall be as valid and available as if the Duty for which Credit (hall be given had been paid.

CXXVIII. And be it further enaded. That every Executor and Adminiftrator, or other Perfon or Perfont having or taking the Burthen or Execution of the Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, or the Adminiftradon of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon deceafed, {hall before fuch Executor, Adminiftrator, or other Perfon (hall retain for their own Ufe or for the Benefit of any other Perfon or Perfont, or (hall transfer, pay, deliver, fatisfy or otherwise difcharge the Refidue of the Perfonal Eftate, and the Refidue of Monies anting from the Sale or Mortgage of any Real Eftate direded by any Teftamentary Inftrument to be fold or mortgaged, or any certain proportional Part of fuch Refidue, to the Perfon or Ferfoos entitled thereto, deliver to the Commifiioners of Stamp Dudes os their Officers a full and juft Account of the Perfonal Eftate of the Deceafed, and of the Monies anting from the Sale or Mortgage of Real Eftate, or the Value of the Real Eftate, if not fold, when the fame is direded by the Will or other Teftamentary Inftrument of the Deceafed, to be abfolutely fold or mortgaged, and of all lawful Payments made out of fuch Perfonal Eftate, and the Monies anting from the Sale or Mortgage of fuch Real Eftate on the Forms printed for fuch Accounts by Order of the {aid Commiffiooers of Stamp Duties, when and as far as fuch Forms can be made applicable to the Account to be delivered, and when they will not fo apply, die Account may be rendered in fuch Form as (hall fufficiently anfwer the Purpofes defired, and the faid Commifiioners or their Officers (hall examine fuch Account, and if it (hall appear to them to be a juft and proper. Account they (hall aflefs the Duty thereon, but if the Commiffioners (hall not be (atisfied with the Account delivered, it {hall be lawful for them to require an Account to be Tendered os

Oath

A.B.1S1&



C. re.

19$

Proceedings may be ioftituted for Recovery Oulftand

•ry of ndiug

Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation (hill be accordin: to the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and Hi: be adminiftered by a Juftice of the Peace, or Mailer or Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery; and if it (hall appear by the books of the Qtid ConttniffiOners that there are any OUtftahding Duties due and payable on Legacies or Annuities, it (hall be lawful for the faid uullMnail„ tbmmiffioners to require Paytoent of fuch Duties within a fpecified Dutiei payable time, and that if after fuch Recpiifition the fame (hall hot be paid, or 0:1 Legacies or Caufe {hewn to the Satisfa&ion of the Commiffioners within the Annuitic*. time decided why the fame (hould not be paid, it (hall be lawful for the (mid Commiffiohers to inditute Proceedings in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer again It the Executors br Adminiftrators, or Perfon Or Perfons taking the Burthen of the Execution oF the Wilt or Adminiftration of the Perfonal Eftate of the Deceafed, or afting ai TYuftee or Truftees, and sllfo againft the Legatee to whom the Legacy or Annuity upon which fucli Duty (hall appear to be unpaid (haS hare been given, if the Circumftances of the cafe requite it, for the Payment of the Duty; and if after fuch Proceedings (hall be inftituted it (hall be (hewn that by reafoii of the Death of the Legatee or Annuitant in the Lifetime of the Deceafed, or of the Legacy not being of the Value of Twenty Pounds, or from any other Caufe, no Duty is payable, it (hall be lawful for the Court Coft* paid by in which finch Suit (hall be inftitiited to order all Cofts, Charges and way °f Penalty. Expences attending fuch Proceedings to be paid by the Perfon or PedToitf of Whom the faid Commiffioncts (hall have required Payment of the Duty, by way of Penalty for not having, after fuch Requifi-tion, (hewn to the Satisfaction of the Coramiifioners that no Duty was payable on fuch Legacy or Annuity.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where Where proved it fhall be proved by Oath of proper Vouchers, to the Satisfaction Efl*l.e of of- tin* faid Comtmffioners of Stamps, that an Executor or Admi- ducwfby PayV niftrator hath paid Debts due and owing from the Deceafed, and pay- racnt of Debts, able by Law, out of his or her Perfonal or Moveable Eftate, to and a left Stamp fuch an Amount as, being deducted from the Amount or Value of 00 th« Probate the Eftate and Effedts of the Deceafed, for or in refpeft of which a "°!iw hav* doue> Probate or Letters of Adminiftration (hall have been granted afoot* the Commencement of this A£fc, (hall reduce the fame io a Sum which* if it had been the whole grofo Amount or Value of fuch Eftate tod Effe&s, would have occaftdned a lefs Stamp Duty to be paid 6n fuch probate or Letter of Adminiftration than (hail have been adually paid thereon under and by virtue of this A£l, it (hall be lawful fbt1 the fodd CoMrtriffioners to return the Difference, provided the fame (hall be claimed within Three Years after the Date of fucli Pitobafe 6r Letters of Adminiftration as aforefaid; but where, by Ti™e w«hjn rttfea ot nay Proceeding at Law or ih Equity, the Debts due from ^hi^hd^latm the Deceafed (hall not have been ascertained and paid, or the Effcdls hc ra* e* of the Deceafed (hall not have been recovered and made available, atid in Cttafequence thereof the Executor or Adminiftrator (hall be tjrMrtted frbrt claiming fuch Return of Duty as aforefaid within the laid Ttrtlr of Three Years, it (ftall be lawful for the Commiffionera at &tiApt €6 allow fuch further time for Making the Claim as may dpfttftf th them tb be restforiabfe under the Circlimftances of the cafe.

GXXlL Add bd it forthef enabled, 'fhat where the Executors or Executors Adritiniftrtttirtdf aby Ifafdft deeekfod jhall be delirous of transferring P**1"11***

0 4	or

200

C .56.

56° GEO* III.

A.D.18

transfer Stocks or of receiving the Dividends of any Share Handing in the Name of] Deceafed, or and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Sto Decodedm or pun^g transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, or of and ini Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of i land, or of and in the Stock or Funds of any other Company, C poration, or Society whatfoever, palling by Transfer in the Boi of fuch Company, Corporation or Society under and by virtue any fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration as aforefaid, and & alledge that the Deceafed was poffeffed thereof or entitled therei either wholly or partially as a Truftee, it (hall be lawful for the [ Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for any fi other Company, Corporation or Society as aforefaid, or their refpe ive Officers, for their Indemnity and Protedion to require fuch A davit or Affirmation of the Fad as hereinafter is mentioned, if t Faff (hall not other wife fatisfadorily appear, and thereupon to pern fuch Executors or Adminiftrators to transfer the Stock or Food queftion, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regtrd to tb Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the De ceafed, or Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Effeds; an where the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon deceafed have occaiion to recover any Debt or Debts, or any other Perfon! Effeds, due or apparently belonging to the Deceafed, and Gu alledge that the Deceafed was pouefled thereof or entitled there either wholly or partially as a Truftee, it (hall be lawful for tl Perfon or Perfons liable to pay or deliver fuch Debt or Debts or oth Affidavit or Af- Effed9 to require fuch Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad ai hereii firnmion being after is mentioned, if the Fad (hall not otherwife fatisfadorily a made to the pear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Deb) or other Effeds in queftion to fuch Executors or Adminiftrators, I as they (hall dired, without regard to the Amount of the Sum Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceafed, or the Letters I Adminiftration of his or her Effeds; and where the Executors < Adminiftrators of any Perfon deceafed (hall have occaiion to a% or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceafed, or any Chatte Real or other Perfonal Effeds whereof or whereto the Deceafed w; pofTeiTed or entitled, and (hall alledge that the fame refpediveJy wa or were due to or veiled in the Deceafed either wholly or pirtiail] as a Truftee, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons to vbon o\ for whofc Ufe fuch Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or other Perfonal Effeds, (hall be propofed to be affigned or transferred, to rtquir fuch Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as hereinafter is mention ed, if the Fad (hall not otherwife fatisfadorily appear, and them upon to accept the propofed Affighment or Transfer, without rep to the Amount of tne Stamp Duty on the Probate pf the Will of th Deceafed, or the Letters ot Adminiftration of his or her Effeds h Ireland.

Special Affidavit CXXXI. And be it further enaded. That upon any fuch Rep to be made by iition as aforefaid, the Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator a Executors, Ac. Adminiftrators of the Deceafed, or fome other Perfon or Perfon* ti pc h*eW by the w^om t^lc Fads (hall be known, (hall make a fpecial Affidavit fl Deceafed in	Affirmation of the Fads and Circumftances of the cafe, Rating th

truft, See*	Property in queftion, and that the Deceafed had pot any bcoehcia

Intereft whatever in the fame, or had no other beneficial Intern therein than (hall be particularly mentioned and fet forth (as the erf

*	ms]

A-D.im

56-GEO.IIL

C. 66,

SOI

mxf be), k wai poflefled thereof or entitled thereto either wholly or apt fed* cafe mar be) in truft for fome other Perfon or Name or Name# or other fufficient Defcription Hull Winied is fuch Affidavit or Affirmation, or for fuch Purpofes at fcfjrfiedfied therein; and that the beneficial Intereft of the De-ett/tfaj) in the Property in queftion, doth not exceed a eerie Woe, to be therein al(b (pedfied according to the bed Eftimate ffitcao be made thereof, if reverfionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Eftate for which the Stamp Duty was paid at the Probate of the Will of the Deceafed, or on the Letters of Adnxiaiftratioa of his or her Effect, is fufficient to include and cover fuch beneficial Intereft of the Deceafed as well as the reft of the Per-

twol Eftase, whereof or whereto the Deceafed was beneficially pof-iefledoreodtled, and for which fuch Probate or Letters of Admi-niftnaoo M hsvt been granted, as far as the fame have come to the Knowledge of fuch Executor or Executors, Adminiiirator or Admkiinton, and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circnoftaacesof theTrufb {hall be made by any other Perfon than the Executor or Executors, Adminiiirator or Adminiftrators of the DecnteA, foch Executor or Executors, Adminiiirator or Adminiftra-toniyiinake Affidavit or Affirmation that the fame are true to the bei of bn, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that the Property in qoefbao » intended to be applied and difpofed of accordingly; wludt Aidant or Affirmation (hall be fworn or made before a Mailer Sworn btfoew in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized “ to take the fane and adminifter the proper Oath or Affirmation for Wun*ery‘ that Parade,) and (hall be delivered to the Party or Parties requiring tbe fame, and (hall be fufficient to indemnify and proted the Party or Parties reaming the fame, and alfo the Party or Parties ading upon the Faith thereof; and if any Perfon or Perfons making any foch A&dirit at Affirmation as aforefaid (hall knowingly and wilfully make afahe Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the natters to be therein fpecified and fet forth, every Perfon fo offending asd bang thereof lawfully convided, (hall be fubjed and liable to (ad Pan sad Penalties as Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury ikaHtheabe fubjed and liable to by or under any Law then Pwjury. ia force*

CXXXII. And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit kirokatioo °f (hall be brought pr commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for A ,om‘ any thing done under the Authority or in purfuance of this Ad, or of any Aft which (hall be then in force in Irelandf relating in anywifc to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, (ait where otherwife particularly direded, then, and in every	*

foch cafe, the (aid Adion or Suit mail be commenced within Six Calendar Moods after the Fad committed and not afterwards,, and U be faronght in the County or Place where the Caufe of Adion U arife, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in hAAftioo or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Iffue, General I(!ue ttdjrw tbe {pedal Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had ttatfoi, asd that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority q{ this Ad, or fuch other Ads as aforefaid ; ana if it (ball appear t» I* fo done, or if any fuck Adion or Suit (hall be brought after tbe taw fo limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in tny Comty, City or Place, other than as aforefaid, then and in

every

C. 56.

S6» GEO. HI.

A.D.J

*02

Treble Cofts.

Penalties payable in Biitiih Currency.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Penalties incurred by Officer* of Court, Ac. how recovered.

Regulations where Seizures are made.

every fucli cafe the Plaintiff in fuch A&ion Audi be nbnfuited; a the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be fo or otherwise rtonfuited, or difcootinue hit* her or their Aftiofi, or if a Verdift fha!! againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgr (hall be given again ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiff*, the Defendan Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or) for Cofts of Suit in other cafes by Law.

CXXXIII. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties wl Audi be incurred under this Aft, or under any Ad or A&s whic or are or Aiall be in force in Ireland, in attywife relating to the I ment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, fhall be \ and payable, and received and receivable in Britijb Currency, un otherwife exprefsly directed.

CXXXIV. And be It further enafted, That all Penalties a Forfeitures impofed or to be impofed by or under this Ad, or at Aft or Afte which is or are or (null be in force in /rr/ait/, in an; wife relating to the Payment or Regulation of any 8tartpDutyc Duties, may be recovered with Cofts of Suit by His Majeft^s A tomey General on behalf of His Maiefty, or by the Infpeftor Ger ral of Stamp Duties, or by any other Infpeftor of Stamp Duti' or by any other Officer or Perfon thereto authorized by the Comm fioners of Stamps, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information any of His Majefty’s Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, in whi no Effoign, Prote&ion, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Ii parlance (hall be allowed; or by Civil Bill in the Court of t Recorder, Chairman or Affiflant Barrifter, within whole local Jut di&ion fuch Offence Aiall have been committed $ and that every fu Penalty, not particularly dire&ed to be otherwife applied, fhall paid to the Ufe of His Majefty; provided that in cafe of any fu Proceeding by or id the Name of any fuch Infpeftor General, oroth Infpeftor or Officer, or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, it lb and may be lawful to and for the Comrtriffionert of Stamp Dmiet order to be paid to fuch Infpeftor General or other Infpeftor, other Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid, out of the Ptoill recovered therein, fuch Sum, not exceeding One Moiety of fuch Pi nalty, as the faid Commiffioners of Stamps Aiall think proper; id that the like Appeal Aiall and may be lawful from the Dedfift o| any fuch Civil Bill, and under the fame Terms, Regulations an Conditions, as in the cafe of any Civil Bill for any Sum not eJ ceeding Twenty Pounds, in any Aftion of Debt on a Bond, Bill, < Specialty for Payment of Money only.

CXXXV. And be it further enafted, That ail and every fi unities and Penalty for or in refpeft of any Offence to be comtnittJ by any Officer of any Coart, or any Six Clerk, SoHtitor, Attend Pro&or, Notary Public or Procurator, as fuch, againft this Ad any other Aft or Ads in anywife relating to the Colfeftiofl or Mi nagement of any Stamp Duties or Duty, fhall aid may be itaw and recoverable with Cofts of Suit, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, f or Information, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jariftt and not otherwife.

CXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That in every cafe which, by or under the Provifions of this Aft or rf ittf oAm Ai or Afts to force, or which fhall at any time be in fores bfrcbni, ti

latinj

A.D.1M6.

56°GEO.IIL

a 56.

203

lnkgkuprik to die Foment or Regulation of anj Stamp Duty or Dutie* toy Seizure i« direded or permitted to be made, the Ferfoo or Petfeas making fuch Seizure Audi, within Ten Days from the tine of making nich Seizure, leave at the Office of the Diftributor of t&eDi&rid wherein fuch Seizure (hall have been made, a Note io Writing figned by fuch Perfoo or Perfons, Hating the time and Place of loch Seizure and the Reafon for making the fame, which /fete fhaH be immediately filed at the faid Office ; and in fuch cafe it (foil and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owner* of fuch Goods fo feized, or of any Part thereof, at any time after the filing of fuch Note, and within Twenty-one Day* from the Day of fuch Seizure, to require and obtain a Copy of fuch Note, paying for the fame One Shilling and no more, and to leave at fuch Office a Claim in Writing, figned by fuch Perfon or Perfects, dating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming fuch Goods fo feized, or any Part thereof, that may be fpecified therein, as or on behalf of the Owner or Owners, or one of the Owners thereof, and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Perfon or Perfon* making fuch Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of fuch Seizure, to require a Copy of fucn Cham, paying for the fame One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Juflice of the Peace, in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, wherein fuch Seizure (hall have been fo made, for a Summons to the Perfon or Perfons fo making fuch Claim, and fuch Juflice of the Peace (hall iflue fuch Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every fuch Claimant to appear before him at a time and place to be therein named, for the Decifion of fuch Claim; and fuch Summons, being duly ferved on fuch Claimant or Claimants, either perfonally or at his, her or their Place of Abode mentioned in fuch Claim, and Copies of fuch feizing Note and Chum, attefted by the Diftributor of fuch Diftriffc, or Perfon or Perfons a&ing at fuch, being produced before fuch Juftice of the Peace, he (hall and may proceed to hear the Merita thereof; and fuch Evidence or Admimon, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and (ball thereupon, or upon the Nonap-pearaace of either Party, decide on the Merits of fuch Seizure, and make h» Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for either Party, againft whom fuch Adjudication (hall be made, at any time within Ten Days frofti the making thereof, to appeal therefrom, in manner hereinafter men>-tioned, to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which (hall be held after Fourteen clear Days from fuch Adjudication, who (hall, in a fummary Way, hear and cfecide on the fame ; and in cafe the Judgment of fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall be affirmed, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices at Seffions as afore-fiud, to award the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing to pay fuch Cols occafioned by fuch Appeal, as to Kim or them (hall feem meet.

CXXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That if the Perfon or Perfons fo making fuch Seizure (hall not leave fuch Notice in Writing at fitch Diftributor** Office as aforefaid, or in cafe of fuch Claim being put in at aforefaid, (hall not caufe fuch Summons to be iflued and fared as aforefaid, fuch Seizure (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Pnrpofa to have been unlawfully made; and if

after

Note of Seizure left at Office of Diftributor.

Perfons claiming may havo Copy of Note.

Perfons feizing may have Copy of Claim.

Decifion of Claim by whom and how made.

Appeal to Quarter Seffions.

Seizures without giving proper Notice, void.

SO*	C. 56.	56° GEO. IIL	A.D.	1816.

after the filing of fuch feizing Note as aforefaid, fuch Claim (hall not be made as aforefaid, fuch Seizure (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to have been lawful and jull; and if fuch Summons (hall have been iffued, then the Adjudication of fuch Juftice, if not effectually appealed from, and in cafe of fuch Appeal, the Decifion of the Court of Quarter Seffions (hall be final and con* clufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

Appeal.	CXXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That theJParty de-

firous of making fuch Appeal (hall within Ten Days from the mak-Recognitance. ing fuch Adjudication enter into a Recognizance with Two fufficient Sureties, before the Juftice making fuch Adjudication, or in his Abfence, before any other Juftice of the Peace of the fame County, or County of a City, in fuch Sum as fuch Juftice (hall think proper, to pay the Cofts, if any, which may be adjudged againft mm, her or them thereon, and if he, (he or they (hall not fo do, fuch Appeal (hall be null and void.

Any Juftice may CXXXIX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be determine Of- lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland, within whofe Jurif* Penak^doesnot diftion any Offence, for which the Penalty (hall not exceed Forty exceed 40L Pounds, (hall be committed againft this Aft, or againft any other Aft or Afts in force, or which (hall at any time be in force in Ire-landf relating in auywife to the Payment or Regulation of a»v Stamp Duties or Duty, fave where the contraryisexprefsly direftea, and every fuch Juftice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon any Information or Complaint in Writing in fuch cafe, to fum-mon the Party accufed of fuch Offence, and alfo the Witneffes if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Faft, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confefiion of the Party or Perfon accufed of fuch Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, to give Judgment for fuch Penalty and Warrant tar Cofts to be affeffed by fuch Juftice, and thereupon to iffue his War-^Vdyi^<LeMltT rant UQder his Hand and Seal, for levying fuch Penalty and Cofts an Lolls. on the Goods of fuch Offender, and to caufe Sale to be made thereof, in cafe the fame (hall not be redeemed within Six Days* rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any), and where Goods fufficient cannot be found to anfwer luch Penalty and Cofts, fuch Juftice of the Peace, or any other Juftice of the Peace of the Dune County, or County of a Citv or Town, in which fuch Conviftioa (hall take place, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to Prifon, for fuch time as fuch Juftice (hall judge to be proper, not leis than One Calendar Month, nor more than Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Cofts Appeal to Quar- be fooner paid ; and if any Perfon, whether Profecutor or Party ter Seffions. convifted, (hall find himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuch Juftice of the Peace, and (hau be minded and defirous of appealing therefrom, then and in fuch cafe fuch Perfon being a Profecutor (hall give fufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two fufficient Sureties before fuch Juftice, to pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe fuch Judgment (hall be affirmed, and in cafe fuch Appeal (hall be by the Party convifted, then fuch Party (hall give fufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two fufficient Sureties before fuch Juftice, to pay the Amount of the Penalty impofed and the Cofts awarded by fuch Conviftion, to* gether with fuch further Cofts as aforefaid, and thereupon it (hall

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

SOI

be lawful for any fuch Perfon refpedively to appeal to the Juftices

at the arzt General Sefiions of the Countv which (hall be held after

Fourteen dear Days from the Day in which fuch Convidion (hall

bate (wen made, in the Diftrid in which fuch Offence (hall have been

committed, if fuch County (hall be divided into Diftrids, or if not fo

divided, then at the General Sefiions of the County, or County of

a Town or City, which Audi happen next after Fourteen clear Days

after fuch Convi&ioii'fhall have been made, of which Appeal Notice Notice of Ap~

in Writing (hall be given to the adverfe Party Ten clear Days peal*

previous to the Firft Day of fuch Quarter Sefiions refpedively,

and fuch Juiiices at fuch Sefiions (haU fummon and examine Wit-

neffes upon Oath, and finally hear and determine fuch Appeal;

and in cafe the Judgment of fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall be

affirmed, it (hall* and may be lawful for the Jufticea at fuch Sefiions

as aforefaid, to award the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing to pay

fuch Coils occafioned by fuch Appeal, as to fuch Juftices mall feem Colls.

meet; and the Juftices at fuch Sefiions (hall and may thereupon

proceed m the fame manner in all Refpeds as the Juftice making

luch Convidion might or could have done if fuch Appeal had not

taken place; and noCertiorari (hall in any cafe be granted to examine or Certiorari.

remove any fuch Convidion, whether before or after any fuch Appeal.

CXL. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hall be liable Complaints to be convided before any Juftice of the Peace for any Offence within Twelve committed againft this Ad, or any other Ad impofing or in anywife £1?nth# aftcr relating to the Colledion or Management of any Stamp Duty or °ffcncc* Duties, unlefs Complaint (hall be made within Twelve Months from the time of committing fuch Offence.

CXLI. And be it further eoaded, That it (hall not be neceffary Tn Proceedings in any Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, or for Recovery of for fummoning any Witnefs or other Perfon under this Ad, or under any Ad or Ads in force from time to time for the Payment of any Service Stamp Duty or Duties, or for regulating any fuchDuties or Duty, * e or the Colledion thereof, whether the fame (hall be by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, or by Civil Bill, or by any Proceeding before a Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal from any Decifion, that the Original, or any other Procefis or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatfoever fhould be perfonally ferved on the Defendant or Defendants or Perfon or Perfons fo to be fummoned, or any of them, but it (hall in all fuch cafes be fufficient that the fame be ferved at hia, her or their then Place or Places of Abode; and if any fuch Defendant (hall be an Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, and if fuch Proceeding (hall in anywife relate to the Bufinefs of his Office, or any Offence, Ad or Negled therein, then it (hall be fufficient to ferve fuch Original or other Procefs or Summons, or Notice or Order in manner aforefaid, at his Office, on fome Perfon ading or employed in the Bufinefs of fuch Office.

CXLIL And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Whneffss ns-flail be fummoned as a Witnefs or Witnefies to give Evidence in. any	lo	*P"

oC the (aid cafes before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or before any Juftice or Juftices at the Sefiions, and (hall negled or refufe to W appear (the Expence of fuch Witnefs or Witnefies, if he, (he or they (hall be required to go to a greater Diftance than Five Miles from Horae, being firft paid or tendered) without a reafonable Excufe to

*0*

Penalty.

Informers admitted as Wit-nelfey.

Penalties payable to His Majeily to be paid to Receiver General of Stamps.

Perfons recovering Penalty net paying over, Penalty.

Julticss, Ac. neglecting to carry A6t into Execution.

Penalty.

|Ch 1 ■ ■ i -

convict knw to be dnwa up hi i*ener foUoww

bigi

C. 56.	56* GEO. 111.	AJ). 1810.

be allowed by fuch Juft ice or Juftice* of the Peace or Jmftice or Juftices of Scuions refpedively; or upon appearing fhali refufe to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before ftach J office or Juftices of the Peace, or Juftice orjnftices at Seffions refpedivrly, and fhali aot make reafbnable Excufe for fach Refufe], to be aBmd by fuch Juftice or Juftices of Peace or at Seffion* refpedirely, them fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sam of Tea Pounds.

CXL11I. And be it further enaded, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Ad, or under any Ad impofing or in any wile relating to the Collodion or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Sett to be inftvtuted in any of the (aid fuperior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Juftice or Juftices, or at Scffions, any Informer or other Pttfoo, who, in the Event of a Couvidion, would be entitled richer by Law, or by any Promife or Agreement, to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, or who may exped the fame respectively, fhali ne vert briefs be received and admitted as a Witnefs on fuck Trial or other Proceeding; and fuch Teftimony fhah if believed be fufficient thereon, to all Intents and Putpofes, as far as the fame Teftimony could be if given by any indifferent Perfon.

CXLIV. And be it further enaded, That every Penalty, or fiich Fart, Share and Proportion as fhali remain payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, of aoy Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine, payable or recoverable under this Ad, or any Ad or Ads which fhali in anywife relate to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty in Ireland, after the Payment of the Infpedor General, or other Infpedor or other Officer as aforeferd, fhali, unlefe otherwise particularly direded, within One Calendar Month after the fame (ball be levied or revived, be paid by the Perfon by whom the fame fhaM have been fo levied or received, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the feme fhali have been fo levied in the County of Dublm, or County of the City of Dublin) and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to* the Dtftributor of Stamps in whole Diftrid the Offence was committed; and if any Perfon by whom any fach Penalty fhali have been fo levied or recovered, fhali negied or omit fo to pay over the fame, he (hall for every fuph Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Founds.

CXLV. And be it further enaded, That if any Juftice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, (hall negied or reftrfe m any* Prrftance to carry into Execution thia Ad, or any Ad or Ads which is or Arif be in force in Ireland) relating in anywife to the 'Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or any of the Provifioire thereof, upon proper Application made to him, fuch Juftice of the Peace, magiftrate, or reace Officer fhali forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every fuch Negied or Refufal*

0XLVI. And be it further enaded, That the Juflic* of the Pbaee before whom any Offender fhali be convided of any of the Offences aforefei<h or of any Offence again ft any Adr in anywife relating* to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Dories In Ireland) fhali caufe the faid Convidnm to be made out in manner and Form following; or in any other Form of Words* to the* fifce Effied, muHtiuwutandu; which Convidiott fhali be good1 and dfedtoal

to

GEO. III.

C.56.

W1

| AJ>. 1816.

to all htatu and Purpofet, without felting forth the Evidence or ftatiag At cafe in any more particular manner; (that is to by),

*	BE it remembered, That on the	Day of	in	Form	of	Convict

4 the Year of our Lord	,	A,	0.	of	ia the tioo.

*	Gouty of	,	(or,	County	of	the	City or Town of

4	,	a*	the	cafe	may	be) was convicted before me /• P, One

4 of His Majefly’t Jufticesof the Peace for the fold County of

4 (or, County of the City, &c.) for that the feid A. 0. on the 4 Day of	now	fed	pad,	at	in the bid County

4 of	did	(here	Jlate the Offence) contrary to the Statute

4 in that cafe made and provided j and 1 do therefore adjudge the 4 faid A, 0. to have forfeited a Sum of	, Brltrfh Currency,

4 and	for	the	Cofts,	which	amount	together to the Sum

4 of	.	Given	under my Hand and Seal the

4 Day of	.*

Which Conviction the fold Juftice fhall caufe to be written feirly upon Parehment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of fuch Conviction, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or County of a Cky, or Courty of a Town (as the cafe may be), or Place-where fuch Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the fame County or Place; and if any fuch Juftice (hall negleft or omit fo to do, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.

CX&VII, And be it further enaCted, That any Warrant fo tp Warrants for he iffued by any fuch Juftice of the Peace for levying any Sum under levying Good* t# any fuch Conviction from the Goods of any fuch Offender, fhaH be ht in, following fo the Form following, os in feme other Form of Words to that or the like Effect; which Form toll be good and valid to all Intents ml Purpofra; (that ia to. fey),

Couacy ** } 4 Tb M\ and N. and each of them, and their and each Form. t •, C of their Affiftants.

4 "WHEREAS on the	Day	of	now laft paft,

• A. 0. of	was duly Convi&ed for that he (or fee) on

4 the	Day of	then laft paft, at	in

4 the County of	or Countv of the City or Town of

4	(at, the ctfe wqy be) did (here Jet out the Offence)^ and

4 threctypn	the faid A*	G-	hath	become	liable to	a Fine or Penalty

4 of	Bxiti/b	Currency,	and to	Cofts, making

4 together the Sum of	; I do	therefore by thefe Prcfcnts

4 aatbprfoe and command yon, and each of you to take into your 4 poffeffipn the Goody of the faid A* 0., or a Sufficiency thereof for 4 levying the Sum laft mentioned thereout, wherever you fhall find 4 the bid Good* in, the County aforefaid; aud if the faid Goods fhall 4 not he redeemed by the Payment of the bid Sum within Si* Days 4 from the Day of taking the feme, you, are, by public Sale thereof, 4 tofevy the bid $um* rendering to the bid A. G* the Overplus (if ( and t.h* bud. Sum. fo levied you fhaU bring to me without 4 Way, to be difppfed of a^peyding to Law. Given under tny 4 Hand and	Seal the	Day of	Qn* tboubnd

4 eight hundred and.

And if Goods fufifoiont oumqtobe found to aafwetr fuch Penalty,« Warrant ball b* tbneupoa iffifod foe committing fuch Offender or

Offenders

C. 56.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I

j

!

Warrant! on affirming Conviction to be in the following

Form.

Offenders in the fame Form as the faid Warrant laft mentioi the Words * I do therefore b]r thefe Prefents/ which Words a from thence to the Words 4difpofed of according to I«aw,’ ind (hall be omitted, and this Form following, or fotne other Foi Words to that or the like Effed, (hall be inferted in their Plac wit),—4 And Whereas on the	Day of

4 Warrant was ifTued to levy the faid laft mentioned Sum, fron 4 Goods of the faid Offender, and fuch Goods could not be fit 4 fufficient to anfwer the faid Sum, I do therefore hereby authc 4 and command you, and each of you, to take the Body of the 4 A. 0. wherefoever you (hall find him in the faid County, and fc 4 him before me the faid /. P. or any other Magiftrate of the 4 County.1

And the Form of Committal for committing any fuch OfTendei Prifon, fhall follow the Form of fuch Warrant, fave only that Dire&ion thereof (hall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from i after the Words 4 I do therefore hereby authorize aid comma « you/ there fhall follow thefe Words, 4 to receive into your Cub « the Body of the faid A* 0. and him (or her) fafely to keep ( <	from	the	Date hereof, unlefs the faid Sum fhall be too.

« paid. Given under my Hand and Seal this	Day	of

« One thoufand eight hundred and	.*

And each and every of the faid Forms, or any Form of Words the like Effe&, refpe&ively, (hall be good and valid in the Lav, all Intents and Purpofes.

CXLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Cc vi&ion as aforefaid fhall be affirmed at the Seffions, the Warrant Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame h Execution, ft tall be granted by the Juftice or Juftices fo affirm the fame, or any of them, and fhall be in the Forms here followi refpe&ively, or fome other Form of Words of the fame Import:

County of 1 « To M. and N. and each of them, their and each 1 their Affiftants.

^fHEREAS on the	Day	of	int)

Year of our Lord	A. 0. of	wasdui

convided before a Juftice of the Peace for the laid County, ft that he (or fhe) on the •	Day of	kftpafi,*

*	,	in	the faid County, did (here fet ovttheQJfnu)

and thereupon the faid A, 0. became liable to a Fine or Penalty i Britijh Currency, and to	Cofb,	makia

together the Sum of	s	And Whereas the faid A, I

appealed from the faid Convi&ion to the Seffions, which bat affirmed the fame with	Cofts,	making	together	with	tl

faid former Adjudication the Sum of	;	thefe	are	thm

fore to authorize and command you and each of you to take int your Poffeffion the Goods of the faid A. 0., or a Sufficiency them for levying the faid laft mentioned Sum whereout, wherever yo (hall find the faid Goods in the County aforefaid 5 and if the hi Goods lhaH not be redeemed by the Payment of the faid Stun with: Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are, bv publi Sale thereof, to levy the faid Sum, rendering to the faid A. 0. tH Overplus (if any); and the faid Sum fo levied you (hall bring t

Bi



56» GEO. III.

C. 56.

* us, [or, to One of ns, or, to me, as the cafe may bef) without Delay,

4 to be difpofed of according to Law. Given under our Hands

4 and Seals (or under my Hand and Seal) this

‘Dif of	One thoufand eight hundred

•tad

Aid if Goods fufficieot cannot be found to aufwer fuch Sum, a If not faffiritnt Warrant (hall be thereupon iflued, for committing fuch Offender or Goods Wirrant Offenders, in the fame Form as the Warrant lalt mentioned, to the offend^ Words, * Thefe are therefore to authorize and command yqu/ which Words, and all from thence to the Words k difpofed of according * to Law/ inclufive, fhall be omitted ; and this Form following, on Form, fome other Form of Words to that or the like Effe&, fhall be inferted in their Place; to wit —4 And Whereas on the	Day	of

4	a	Warrant	was	iffued to levy the faid lafl mentioned

4 Sum from the Goods of the faid Offender, and fuch Goods could 4 not be found fufficient to anfwer the faid Sum, we (or I) do there-4 fore hereby authorize and command you, and each of you, to take.

4 the Body o£ the faid A* 0. wherefoever you (hall find him in the 4 faid County, and brihg him before us (or me)/

And the Form of the Committal, for committing any fuch Offender Form of to Prifon, (hall follow the Form of fuch Warrant, fave only that the mittaL Dire&ion thereof (hall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words 4 We ( or I) do therefore hereby authorize 4 and command you,* there mail follow thefe Words, 4 to take into 4 your Cuftody the Body of the faid A, 0. and him or her fafely keep 4 for	from	the Date hereof, unlefs the faid Sum (hall be

< fooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals (or my Hand or c Seal) this	Day	of	One	thoufand	eight

« hundred and

and each and every of the faid Forms, or any Form of Words to the Forms good fa like effe& refpe&ively, (hall be good and valid in the Law, to all Law.

Intents and Purpofes.

CXLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That every Clerk of the Copy of Convic-Peace in Ireland fhall, within One Calendar Month after any fuch cion to be fur. Convidion (hall have been returned to his Office, furniffi to the next Diftributor of Stamps in and for the County in which fuch Convi&ion •	MUt<2h^"t

fhall have been made, a Copy of fuch Convi&ion figned by himfelf, £ tranfmitted°to for which he fhall receive from fuch Diilributor tne Sum of One Head Office. Shilling and no more ; and every fuch Diilributor (hall forthwith tranfmit fuch Copy fo figned to the faid Commiffioners of Stamps at their Head Office in Dublin; and if any fuch Clerk of the Peace or Diilributor (hall negle& or omit fo to do refpe&ively, he or (he (hall for*every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

CL. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if different where different Proceedings (hall be had or taken againft the fame Perfon for the fame Proceedings, Offence, (uch Perfon (hall neverthelefs be liable only to One Penalty, only One Pe-the Right to which (hall depend on the Priority of the Proceedings naltY for fam# for Recovery of the fame; and if any Queftion (hall arife concerning 0ffencc* the Priority of fuch Proceedings, then, and in fuch cafe, the Proceeding under which the Party complained of (hall have been fir (I duly ferved with Summons or other Procefs, which (hall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay by the Party informing or profecuting

III.	P	fliafi

$10

C. 56#

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Commiffioners, under Direction of Treasury, mey mitigate Penalties.

Commencement of A6.

(hall be confidered as entitled to, and (hall have the Priorit any other Proceeding for the fame Offence, and (hall accor veit the Right to the Penalty fought thereby.

CLI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, by Order and the Direftions of the Commiffioners for executing the Ofi Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Penal Forfeiture which (hall be incurred by any Diftributor of Stan] aforefaid, or to mitigate or commute any Forfeiture which (h any time be adjudged under the Authority of any Jufiice o Peace under this Aft, or under any Aft or Afts which {hall time to time be in force in Ireland, relating in anywife to Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in In fo far as concerns the Intereft of His Majefty, his Hors or ceffors, any thing in this or any other Aft or Afts to the cost notwithftanding.

CLIL And be it further enafted, That this Aft, and the fe* Claufes, Provifions and Regulations therein contained, fhallcomme and take Effeft from and after the Fifth Day of July One thonf eight hundred and fixteen, and not fooner.

56° GEO. III.

C. 56.

211

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers*

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

hsBiog the Doties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, 8cc.; on Inftroments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money, and on DEEDS in general.

PART THE SECOND r

Contaiang the Dudes on LAW, EQUITY and other PROCEEDINGS:

L Proceedings in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland.

II.	Proceedings in the Ecclefiaftical Courts, and in the High Court of Dele-

gates, in Ecclefiaftical Matters,in Ireland.

III.	Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other

Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage ftiall exceed

Forty Shillings.

PART THE THIRD t

obtaining the Doties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclefiaftical Courts m Ireland; and on LEGACIES out of Real* or Personal Eftate ; and on Succeffions to Perfonal Eftate upon Inteftacy.

PART THE FOURTH:

^ntamnig the Doties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS; and in refped of ARTICLES not damped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FIFTH:

ALLOWANCES on the Purchafe of STAMPS.

SCHEDULEPART THE FIRST:

ODtaming the Dudes on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c-; on Inftruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Mosey, and on DEEDS in general.

PART THE FIRST.

ADMISSION of any Perfon to ad as an Advocate in say of the Ecclefiaftical Courts, or in the Court of Kbnbnhj in Ireland; for the Regifter or Entry thereof ...

ADMISSION of any Perfon to the Degree of a Barrifter at Lav in the Inns of Court in Ireland/ for the R*g*4er or Entry thereof	- .	-

£.

30

30

Duty.



o

o

P 2

ADMISSION of any Perfon to aft as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland ADMISSION of any Perfon to aft as a Proftor in any Ecclefiaftical Court held in the City or County of the City of Dublin -	-	-

ADMISSION of any Perfon to aft as a Proftor in any other Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland ADMISSION of any Perfon as a Matter in Ordinary in Chancery, or as One of the Six Clerks, or One of Curfitors of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or other Clerk or Officer what foe ver, in any Court in Ireland, who muft neceffarily be employed to do certain official Bufmefs, and whofe Emoluments (hall be therefore fo far fixed and certain ;	-

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment (hall not amount to 50I. per Annum	...

Where the fame (hall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to ipol. and not amount to aool. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300I. per Annum «

Where the fame (hail amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum -Where the fame (hall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 750I. and not amount to 1 ,oool. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to i,oool. and not amount to 1,5001. per Annum Where the fame, (hall amount to 1,5001. and not amount tot 2,oool. per Annum	-	.

Where the fame (hall amount to 2,oooL and not amount to 2,oool. per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 3,000b or upwards per Annum

The faid Fees and Emoluments to be eftimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years preceding if prafticable, and if not, according to the beft Information that can be obtained.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer Jhall be admitted annually* every Admijfion after the firfl Jhall be free of Duty* provided the proper Duty Jhall have been paid on his firfl Admijfion.

All Admiffions of Officers* proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to Offices* which

£-

20

20

IO

Sm

o

o

o

2	O	<
4	O	(
6	O	<
12	O	i
*5	O	c
35	Q	c
5°	O	c
75	O	0
100	O	0
150	0	0
200	0	0

ADMISSION—continued.

Jball be charged with the Dutiee hereinafter mentioned•

But in all cafes not exprefsly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Ad-mifnoo of the fame Perfon.

ADMISSION of any Perfon to ad as a Notary Public, See Licence.

ADMISSION. of any Student into the Society of King’s Inn	-	-

ADMISSION of any Perfon to be a Fellow of the College of Phyficians or Surgeons

Note. —The faid hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Admilfions are, in all cafes* not exprefsly provided for, to be charged on the Regifter, Entry or Memorandum of each Admiflion, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society in which the Admiflion (hall be made.

ADMISSION of any Perfon into any Corporation, Guild or Company, in a City, Borough, Burgh or Town Corporate, in Ireland, for the Regiftry, Entry, Minute or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll or Record of fuch Corporation, Guild or Company ; 'Where the Admiflion (hall be in refped of Birth, Apprenticefhip or Marriage And where the fame (hall be upon any other Ground -	-

Only one of the foregoing Duties to be payable in refped of the Admiflion of any one Perfon into the fame Corporation.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

The Admiflion of any Perfon into a Corporation or Company for the Dire Sion of any Charitable Inflitution exclujively.

ADMISSION to Ecdefiaihcal Benefices. — See Colla* tion and Presentation.

AFFIDAVIT, or AFFIRMATION, made in pur-fuance of any Law for amending or repairing Public Roads, or made before the Truftees of any Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of fuch Turnpike, or made for the Puipofe of grounding thereon any Preferment of any Grand Jury, or for raifing Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpofe, or for accounting for any Public Money, or difebarging Queries on Preferments j

Where the Amount of the Money to be pre-fented, rtfed or accounted tor, (hall not cxcedd aol. -P 3



30	o	o

20	o	o

IOO

3	0	o

o 2 o

AFFIDAVIT—continued.

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed 20I. and (hall *	not	exceed	50L	-

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed 50L and (hall not exceed tool.	-

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed 100I. and (hall not exceed 200I.	-

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed tool.

Any Affidavit not otherwife charged; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the fame (hall be written or printed -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

, Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Commiffioner or Commiffioners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers appointed or a8ing under them9 or before any other Commiffioner or Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by AS of Parlia• ment9 or by the Crown.

Affidavits or Affirmations relating to Criminal Profecutions.

Affidavits or Affirmations for the Purpofe of Re-gtftering Freeholds.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Jufiice or Jujlices of Peace, or before a Ma-g 'tftrate of any Corporation aQing as a Juflice of the Peace, unleft hereby otherwife charged. Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Ma-giftrate aQing in any Court of Confcience9 or of fummary Jurifdidion, or before any Judge of Affine, Commiffioner of Oyer and Terminer % or Recorder, or AJjjfiant Barrifier, relative to Profecutions or Trials of Indi8mentsf or to Civil Bills.

Affidavits or Affirmations made in purfuance of any A8 relative to the Hempen or Linen Ma-nufaBures : And Affidavits or Affirmations as to the Payment of Corn Premiums ; and Affidavits or Affirmations made before the Dublin Society •

Affidavits which may be required at the Bant of Ireland to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, to identify the Perfon of any fuch Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any fuch Stocks or Funds> or in , any wife relating to the Loft f Mutilation or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bant Poff Bill*

& s. .

o	3	(

o	4	(

o	5	c

o	6	c

020

L

AGREEMENT, or Contraft, accompanied with a De> pofit of Title Deed*, for making a Mortgage, or other Security on any Eftate or Property therein com* prifed. — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of Agreement, made in Ireland under Hand only (and not other wife charged in this Schedule nor exprefsly exempted from all Stamp Duty), where the matter thereof (hall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards, whether the fame (hall contain an aftual Contraft, or be only Evidence of a Contraft, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Inftrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt or other matter put or indorfed -thereon or annexed thereto -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the Firft	-

Provided always, that where divers Letters (hall' be offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who (nail have written fuch Letters, it (hall be fufficient if any one of fuch Letters (hall be damped with a Duty of il.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties•

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer or menial Servant:

Memorandum, Letter or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise :

Memorandum or Agreement made between the

Port to Port in Ireland :

Letters containing any Agreement (not before ex-empted) in refpeQ to any Merchandise, or Evidence of Juch an Agreement, which Jhcdl pafs by the Pojl, between Merchants and other Perfons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Ireland, and refiding and aBually being, at the Time of fending fuch Letters, at the Dif-tance of Forty Miles from each other, or between one or more Merchants in Ireland, and one or more Merchants in any other Country.

ANNUITY, DEED granting any, for a pecuniary Con-lideration. — See Conveyance and Bono.

ANNUITY-DEED, if voluntary or gratuitoufly, or upon any good or valuable Coniideration, other than a pecuniary Confideration. — See (Settlement*

£* /. d.

100 o 10 o

P 4

ANNUITY; Releafe, or other Conveyance, on the Re-purchafe of any Annuity or Rent Charge made, on the original Grant thereof, redeemable, or fubjeft to be repurchafed, provided the original Grant hath paid the ad valorem Duties chargeable thereon by the Aft of the 55th of His prefent Majefty, intituled “ An Aft to repeal the feveral Duties under the Care of the Commiffioners for managing the Stamp Duties m Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof,” or the ad valorem DntieB charged by this Aft, on the fir ft . Skin thereof -

On each and every other Skin If fuch original Grant hath not paid fnch ad valorem Duty, then fuch Releafe or Conveyance (hall pay the fame Duty as on an original Grant of an Annuity ; for which fee Titles * Bond, Conveyance.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, Real or Perfonhl, or of any Ufe or In-tereft therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will	....

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper after the Firft If made by Deed. — See Dbed. APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclefiaftical Benefices in Ireland	-

APPOINTMENT to Offices.—See Admission, Grant. ' APPRENTICESHIP. —Indenture or other Irtftroment, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, who fhall be put or placed to or with any Matter or Miftrefs, to learn any Profefiion, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkjbip or Apprcriticejhip to Attornies and others, hereinafter fpectfically charged on each Part of fuch Indentures ;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other matter or thing which fhall be paid, given, affigned or conveyed, or be fecured to' be paid, given, affigned or conveyed, to or for the Ule or Benefit of the Matter or Miftrefs, with or in refpeft of any fuch Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Morfey and 1 Value of fuch other matter (hall exceed the Sum of 1 oh and fhall not exceed 30I.

Where fuch Sum or Value fhall exceed 30I. and fhall not exceed 50I.	...

Where fuch Sum or Value fhall exceed $ol. and fhall not exceed iool. -	-	-

Where fuch Sum or Value fhall ftxceed 100L and fhall not exceed 200L	-



1

O

I

o

2

O

0

1 3

j-. d

o o 10 o

o o 10 o

o o

5	°

lo 9 10	©

o o

ATOZNTICESHIP—

Where fuch Sum or Value (hall exceed 20cfl. and (hall not exceed 300I.	-

Where fnch Sum or Value (hall exceed 300!. and (hall not exceed 400I. # -Where fuch Sum or Value (hall exceed 400L and (hall not exceed 500I.	-

Where fuch Sum or Value (hall exceed 500I. and (hall not exceed 600I.	...

And where fuch Sum or Value (hall exceed the Sum of 6col. for every iool. of fuch Excefs, a Duty of	....

Indenture or other Inftrument, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any fuch Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforefaid, who (hall be pat or placed to or with a new Matter or Miftrefs, either by Alignment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Abfence or Incapacity of the former Mafter or Miftrefs, dr other-wife ;

Where there (hall be any fuch valuable Confederation as aforefaid, moving to the faid new Mafter or Miftrefs, exclusive of any Part of the Con fide ration to the former Mafter or Miftrefs, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Mafter or Miftrefs

And where there (hall be no fuch ilcw Confider-ation -Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

Indentures or other Injlruments •where no Apprentice Fee Jhall be given, or if any be given, where fuch Apprentice Fee Jhall not exceed the Sum of 10/.

And all Alignments of fuch Apprentices fo as before excepted; provided there Jhall be no fuch valuable Confederation as aforefaid given to the neav Mafter or Miftrefs, other than what may have been, or Jhall be, given by any Public Charitv.

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture^ other Inftrument, whereby any Perfon (hall firft become bound to ferve as an Apprentice or Clerk to any Attorney or Solicitor in order to. his Admiflion as an Attorney or Solicitor, in any of His Majefty’s Courts \a Inland, on each Part of fuch Articles or Contraft ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or ode. Inftrument, whereby any Perfon (hall become bond to ferve as an Apprentice, in ofrder to any fudh

£.	/.	J.
6	O	0
to	O	0
12	IO	0
20	0	0
3	0	0

Such and the Uh Duty in Proportion to tie Amount or Polite of ^ fuch new Confederation only t as is before charged on any origin'll Indenture of Ap-preuticejhip.

O IO O

5®

€1$

C.56.

56* GEO. Ill

A.ZE

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP—continued. Admiffion as aforefaid, for the Refidue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in confequence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the Contradfc between them being vacated by Confent, or bv a Rule of Court, or in anv other Event	-	-

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Inftrument, whereby any Perfon fhall firft become bound to ferve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admiflion as a Pro&oi' in the Court of Prerogative in Dublin^ on each Part of fuch Articles or Contract	-

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Inftrument, whereby any Perfon (hall firft become bound to ferve as a Clerk, or an Apprentice, in order to his Admiffion as a Pro&or in any other Court in Ireland* on each Part of fuch Articles or Contradt ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Inftrument, whereby any Perfon (hall firft become bound to ferve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admiflion into the Court of Admiralty in Inland, on each Part of fuch Articles or Contract -ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Inftrument, for binding a Clerk or an Apprentice to a Notary Public, in order to his becoming a Notary Public, on each Part of fuch Articles ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Inftrument or Contra61 whereby any Perfon (hall become bound to ferve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admiflion as a Pro&or, or as a Notary Public, in any of the Courts aforefaid, for the Refidue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in confequence of the Death of his former Mafter, or of the Contradt between them being vacated, or in any other Event	-	....

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ASSIGNMENT upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other fimilar Security. — See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of JUDGMENTS_______For each Judg-

ment afligned;

Where the Penalty of any fuch Judgment afligned (hall not amount to cool.

Where fuch Penalty (nail amount to 500I. and (bjdl not amount to i,oool.

Where fuch Penalty (hall amount to i,oool. and (hall not amount to 2,oool.

Where fuch Penalty (hall amount to 2,0001. and Audi not amount to 4,oool.

16



1 10 1 10

50 o o

50c

15 o o

15 o o

1	10	0

1	10	0

o	5	0

o	10	0

o	15	0

too



ASSIGNMENT of JUDGMENTS —continued.

And where fuch Penalty (hall amount to 4^0001. or upwards	-	.

ASSIGNMENT of any Policy of Infurance. — See Policy of InsuaAMCK.

AWARD under Hand and Seal, of under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the fame (hall or (hall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of any Court BARGAIN and SALE of any Eftate, upon tne Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage.—See Conveyance, Mortgage.

| BARGAIN and SALE, to be enrolled, of any Eftate,

I over and above all other Duties, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, which the fame fhall contain BILL; «k. INLAND BILL OF EXCHANGE, Promiffory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otheniiie, or Poft Bill, or any Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, not otberwife charged or exbreftly exempted;

Where the Sum therein exprefled (hall not exceed 10L	-	-

Where the Sum fhall exceed iol. and (hall not exceed 30L	....

Where the Sum fhall exceed 30I. and (hall not exceed 50L	-	-

Where the Sum fhall exceed 50I. and (hall, not exceed iool.	-

Where the Sum fhall exceed iool. and (hall not exceed 200L	-

Where the Sum fhall exceed 200L and fhall not exceed 500I.	-	-

Where the Sum (hall exceed 500I. and (hall not exceed i,oool.	...

Where the Sum (hall exceed i,oool. and (hall not exceed 3,000!.	-

Where fuch Sum (hall exceed 3,oooL BILL; w*. INLAND BILL, Draft or Order, for the Pfcrment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the fame (hall be delivered to the Payee, or fome Perfon on his or her behalf ..... BILL; vix. INLAND BILL, Draft or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money weekly, monthly or at any other Rated Periods, if made payable to Bearer or to Order, or f o the Payee, or fome Perfon on his or her behalf, or which (ball be delivered to the Payee, or fuch Perfon where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable fhall be fpedfied thorn, or can be afeertained therefrom

£.	/. d

200

I 00

X o o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

2

3

4

5 8

6

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0	15

1	5

The feme Doty as on a Bill of Exchange for the like Sum payable to Bearer or Order.

The fame Duty as on a Bill payable to Bearer or Order for a Sum eoual to Jucb Total Amount

426	C.S$.

sen geo. in.

A.T>

BltL —continued.

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable (hall be indefinite

{

‘Ibefrme a Billfer therein escj

, only.

£. /.

And the following Inftrumepts (hall be deemed and taken to be Inland BiU«, Promiflbry Notes, Poll Bill?5, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, within the Intent and meaning of this A& and Schedule; and of all Ads in any wife relating to the levying, colle&ing or regulating any Stamp Duty or Duties ivhatfoever, in Ireland:

All Inland Bills, Promiflbry Notes, Pod Bills, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, either iv Ca(h or by a Bill or Bills, or Promiflbry Note or Notes, or by any Paper, or by Security or otherwife, or for the Delivery of any fuch Bill or Bills, or Note or Notes, Paper Security or other matter, in Payment or satisfaction of any Sum of Money, where fuch Inland Bills Promiflbry ' otes. Poll Bills, Drafts or Orders, (hall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer or to Order, or to the Payee, or if delivered to the Payee, or foine Per-fon on his or her behalf.

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Perlon or Perfons, for Money received, which (hall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Perfon or Perfons paying the Money, or the Bearer of fuch Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any third Perfon or Perfons.

And all Bills, Promiflbry Notes, Pod Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not fee available, or upon any Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen, if the fame (hall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or if the fame (hall be delivered to the Payee, or fome Perfon on his or her behalf.

BILL j viz. Foreign Bill of Exchange, or Bill drawn in Ireland, but payable elfewhere out of Ireland\

If drawn in Sets, according to the Cnftotn of Merchants, for every Btu of each Set, where the Sum made payable thereby (had not

If drawn iingly

exceed, xdek

* i 6

BILL—continued*

And where it fhall exceed iool. and not exceed XOoL	-	-	-	-

And where it (hall exceed 200I. and not exceed 500L	-	-

And where it (hall exceed 500I. and not exceed 1 ,oool.	....

And where it fhall exceed x*oool. and not exceed i»OOoL	-	...

And where it (hall exceed Xjoool. and not exceed 3»°°oL	-	-

And where it (hall exceed 3,000!.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties*

Bank Notes and Bank Pojl Bills not otherwife charged; Promijfory Notes for any Sum not exceeding ll. 1 ox. paffed on Account of Tithes, or for Money lent by, or payable to, any Society for Charitable Loan% or by or to their Trufiees, in Trujlfor them.

AU Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankersy who k	fhall	rejtde	or	tranfaQ the Bufinefs of a

*	Banker,	within Ten Miles of the Place where

'	fvuh Drafts or Orders fhall be drawn ; pro-

1	coded	fuch	Place fhall be fpecified in fuch

|	Drafts	or Orders, andprovided fuch Drafts

or Orders fhall hear Date on or before the !	Day	on	which the fame fhall be iffued; and

j	provided	the fame do not direS the Payment

to he made by.Bills or Promijfory Notes. i	AU	Dills	for	the Pay and Allowances of His

Majcfly's Land Forces, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the public Regimental or Diftrift Accounts, which fhall be drawn according to the Forms nowpreferihed or hereafter to beprefcribtd by His Mayfly* t Orders, by the Paymqfters of Recruiting Dif-trills, or by the Paymqfters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorized to perform the Duties of Paymqfterjbip during a Vacancy, or the Abfence, Svfpenfton or Incapacity of any fuch Paymafter as aforefaid; fave and except fuch Bills as fhall be drawn in Favour of ContraSors or others, who fur-ni/b Bread or Forage to His Mayfly’s Troofts, and who by their Contrails and Agreements (hall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on tbe Bills given in Payment for the Articles fuppUed by them*

o

o

10

o

o

BILL of LADING, which (hall be iigned of < or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effe&s, to be exported or carried Coaftways, upon each and every Part of each Set thereof	-	-

BILL of SALE abfolute.—See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security. —See Mortgage. BOND, or other obligatory Inftrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not otherwife particularly charged, not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 20ol.	-

Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I.

Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I.

Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i,oool.

Exceeding i,oooL and not exceeding 2,oool.

Exceeding 2,oool. and not exceeding 3,oool.

Exceeding 3,oool. and not exceeding 4,oool.

Exceeding 4,oool. and not exceeding 5,000!.

Exceeding 5,000^	...

BOND giyen as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, whether together with, or without any Sum already advanced;

Where the total Amount of the Money fecured, or to be ultimately recoverable, (hall be uncertain and without any Limit

And where the Money fecured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, (hall be limited not to exceed a given Sum

BOND given as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks or Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ or of any other Company or Corporation

BOND commonly called a Mortgage, or Annuity Bond, or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in refpe& of any Mortgage or Annuity	-

BOND entered into by any Perfon on obtaining a Marriage Licence	-	...

BOND given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity upon tne original Creation and Sale thereof.-*-See Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, dec.

£.	/. a

o x t

0	xo	0
I	0	0
I	10	0
2	0	0
2	10	0
3	xo	0
4	0	0
4	10	0
6	0	0
10	0	0

10 o o

The fame Duty as »

| » a Band fer fid limited Sum.

C The fame Duty asm Band for a Sum ej Money equal to thi Value of the Stocker Fund fecured according to tbe overntt Price thereof on He Day of the Date ej tbe Bond, or if there jhall not have keen any known Sale 00 that Dayy then on the la 1 eft Day preceding on which there fill have keen a knout Sale.

O IO O

oxo

BOND—continued*

BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at dated Periods (not being Intereft for any principal Sum, or Rent referred, or made payable upon any Leafe) for any definite and certain Term, fo that the total Amount of the Money to be paid can be previoufly ascertained -BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity [except as aforefaid)y or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Rated Periods (not being intereft for any principal Sum, nor Rent referred or payable upon any Leafe 1, for Term of Life, or any other indefinite Period, fo that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previoufly ascertained;

Where the Annuity, or Sums fecured, (hall not amount to 10I. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 10L and not amount to 50I. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 50b and not amount to 100L per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to iool. and not amount to aool. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300L per annum Where the fame (hall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400L per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750L per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 750L and not amount to i,oool. per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to i,oool. and not amount to i,coo). per Annum Where the fame (hall amount to 1,500!. and not amount to 2,oool. per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 2,oool. per Annum or upwards ... BOND for indemnifying any Perfon who (hall become bound or engaged as Security or Cautioner for the Payment of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or for the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned BOND for the due Execution of an Office, or for the faithful Discharge of any Truft repofed in any Perfon as a Clerk, and to account for Money received BOND given purfuant to the Direoions of any Aft of Parliament, or by the Direftion of the Commiffioners of Cnftoms and Port Duties, or the Commiffioners of Inland Exdfe and Taxes, or any of their Officers, for

*■ * 1

The fame Duty as on a Bond of tie like > Nature for the Payment of a Sum of Money equal to Jucb Total Amount.

0	IO	0
I	O	0
I	10	0
2	O	0
a	IO	0
3	O	0
3	IO	0
4	IO	0
6	O	0
7	10	0
10	0	0
12	10	0

too

ZOO

J

B OND—continued

or in refpeft of any of the Duties of Cuftoms or Ex-cife, or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evaiions thereof, or for any other matter or thing relating thereto	-	-	...	-

BOND on obtaining Letters of Adminiftration BOND of any kind whatfoever, not otherwife charged in this A& or Schedule, nor exprefely exempted from all Stamp Duty ------

General Directions refpe&ing Bonds.

Where any fuch Bond as aforefaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other matter, put or indorfed thereon, (hall be written on more than one Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or on more than one Sheet of Paper, there (ball be charged for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, as aforefaid, beyond the firft, a Duty of

Where any fuch Bond as aforefaid (hall be given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, and alfo for the Transfer of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, and an Annuity, or for any Two of fuch Purposes, the proper ad valorem Duty (hall be charged in refpe& of a Sum compofed of fuch Sum of Money, and the Value of fuch Share and Annuity, or either of them, fuch Value to be ascertained as herein diredled. (See Conveyance.)

And where any fuch Bond as aforefaid (hall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Perfons, of feparate and diftindt Values, whether confiding re-fpe&ively. of Sums of Money, and Annuities and Shares, in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, or of any One or Two of fuch matters, the proper ad valorem Duty (hall be charged* in refpe& of each fuch Tranfa&ion feparately, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Bond (hall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of any of the faid matters before mentioned, fuch Bond (hall be charged with the. feme Duty as if the feme had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer thereof.

And where any Bond for the Payment or Transfer of any of the faid. matters, or for the Performance of any Covenant'for fuch Payment or Transfer, fhallbe contained in one and

jg. /•

0	IO

1	o

1 o <

O IO o

I MB)—continued.

the fame Deed or Writing, with any other matter or thing, in this Schedule fpecifically charged with any Duty (except any Declar ration ofTrvft for the Monty, Annuity, Stock or Fund fecurtd) fuch Deed or Writing (hall be charged with the fame Duties as would hare been chargeable in refpe& of the (aid feveral matters Uierein, if contained in (Separate Deeds.

But where a Bond for the Performance of Core-nants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Monty or Annuity or on* Start in any of the faid Stocks or Funds) (hall be contained in the (ante Deed or Writing with any other matter or thing, the fame (hril not be charged fepa-rately, but the whole (hall be conndered as One Deed, and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and ail other —	Stamp Duties•

AdmuuMration Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Siller of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who Jball he flain or die in the Service of His MMiy, bis Heirs or Succeffors • Admudfration Bond given by any Perf on, where the Efiate to be adminijtered Jball not . exceed 20I. in Value.

Bonds to procure the Adniffion of any Child into any Charitable Infiitution•

CERTIFICATE of haring regiftered a Deputation as a Gamekeeper	-

CERTIFICATE to authorize any Perfon not being a Gamekeeper to kill Game in Ireland CERTIFICATE to entitle any Perfon to receive a Drawback of any Duty.—See Dkbknturk. CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Perfon admitted to pra&ife as a Six Clerk in Chancery ; and by every Perfon admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor m any of His Majefty’s Superior Courts in Dublin / and by every Perfon admitted as a Solicitor, Agent, 1 Attorney or Procurator, in any other Court in Ireland ' holding Plea, where the Damage doth exceed Forty Shdlmga ;

If fuch Six Clerk, Attorney or Solicitor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Yean and upwards ... Or if he (hall not have been admitted for Three Yean	-

S6Gmo.HL	q

if. /• d.

330

330

800

300

A

CERTIFICATE to fee taken out yearly by every Perfon, / who in any Chara&er whether as Conveyancer, Draftsman, Land Agent, Steward of an Eftate or otherwife, (hall for or in Expe&ation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, draw, fill up or prepare any Conveyance, Deed or In-ftrument, or Leafe, or Agreement for a Leafe, of or relating to any Eftate or Property, Real or Perfonal, or any other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity -

Exemptions.

Serjeants at Lam) and Barrifiersf and alfo At-tornies, Solicitors, ProQors and Notaries Public, and other Perfons ading as fuch by virtue of any Office or Appointment, who Jhall rejpedively take out Certificates in thofe Characters.

Public Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Infirumeuts by virtue of their Office^ and in the Courje of their official Duty only9 and not otherwife•

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Perfon admitted as a Prodtor in any of tht Ecclefiauical or Admiralty Courts in Dublin /

If fuch Prodfcor has been admitted for Three Year8 or upwards	-

If he (hall not have been admitted for Three Years -	-	-

The above Certificate to authorize the Party obtaining the fame to pra&ife as a rrodtor in any Court in Ireland. CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by every Perfon admitted, or who (hall pradtife as a Pro&or in any Ecclefiaftical Court in any other Part of Ireland;

If fuch Perfon has been admitted for Three

8 o

8 o c 30c

Years or upwards ...

Or if he (hall not have been admitted for Three Years -

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers, or Perfon or Perfons a&ing as fuch, of having regiftered the Firm of his or their Houfe according to Law;

If luch Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons, (hall ifiue any Promiffory Notes for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be reiffued CHARTER PARTY, or an^r Agreement or Contra# for the Charter* of any Ship or Veffel, or any Memorandum, Letter or other Writing, between the Captain, Mailer or Owner, of any Ship or Veffel,

300

100

JO .0	0

I

CHARTER PA RTY—continued.

end any Perfon for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods or Effects, on board of any foch Ship or Veflel CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contract of.—See Apprenticeship, AsTICLKS.

COLLATION by any Archbifhop or Bifhop to any Ecdcfiaftkal Benefice, Dignity or Promotion,, in Irekad, of the yearly Value of iooI.

And for every iool. of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the firll tool, a Year, a further Duty of

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbifhop, Bifhop or Vicar General of the Diocefe $ provided always, that Two or more Benefices, epifcopally united, (hall be deemed One Benefice

COLLATION by any Acchbiihop or Bifhop to any other Ecdefiaftical Benefice, Dignity, Curacy or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland.—See Institution, Lkbrck and Presentation.

COMPOSITION DEED, or other lnftrument of Com-portion between a Debtor or Debtors and his, her or their Creditors -CONSTAT of Letters Patent.—See Exemplification. CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Affignxnent, Transfer, Rdeaie, Renunciation or of any other Kind or Defcription whatsoever, upon the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Perfonal, or of any Right, Title, Intereft or Claim into, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property whatsoever, in Ireland9 which fhall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors or any of them, not other wife charged in this Schedule;

Where the Confideration therein or thereupon exprefled fhall not exceed iooL And where the fame fhall	exceed	iool.	and	not

exceed 300L	-

And where the fame fhall	exceed	300I.	and	not

exceed 500L	-

And where the fame fhall	exceed	500L	and	not

exceed 750I*	•

And where the fame fhall	exceed	750L	and	not

exceed i,ooqL	-

And where the fame (hall exceed i,oooL and not exceed a,oooL	-

And where the fame fhall	exceed. 2|OOoL and	not

exceed3«oooL	-

Q2

£•	/• d.

I o o

S 00 500

100 I 10 o

3	0	0

3 0 0

4	10 O $00

12	10	O

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
CONVEYANCE—continutd.	£. /»
And where the fame (hall exceed 3,cool, and not exceed 4,oool. -And where the fame (hall exceed 4,000k and not	17 10 1
exceed 5,oool. -And where the fame (hall exceed 5,0001, and not	22 10 1
exceed 8,oool. - - -And where the fame (hall exceed 8,oool. and not	32 10 I
exceed 12,0001. -And where the fame (hall exceed 12,000!. and not	47 10 £
exceed 15,0001. -And where the fame (hall exceed 15,0001. and not	65 0 0
exceed 20,000!.  And where the fame (hall exceed 20,oool. and not	85 0 0
exceed jo,oool. -And where the fame (hall exceed 30,0001. and not	120 0 0
s exceed xo,oooL And where tne fame (hall exceed 40,0001. and not	175 0 0
exceed co,oool. -And where the fame (hall exceed 50,oool. and not	225 0 0
exceed 6o,oool. -And where the fame (hall exceed 6o,oool. and not	275 0 0
exceed ioo,oool. -And where the fame (hall exceed ioo^xx>l.  For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in each Part of fuch Conveyance, Settlement, Deed or Inftrument, after the firft Skin,	350 0 0 500 0 0
a Duty of  Where the Conftderation in any fuch Deed or any Part thereof may be an Annuity, the Value of fuch Annuity (hall be afcertained by the Tables annexed to an A& puffed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled “ An A& to fecure the Payment of Duties on Probates and Letters of Adminiftration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy or Inteftacy in Ireland,0 and as therein defcribed, every fuch Annuity to be taken as a Sum to that Amount in ascertaining fuch ad valorem Duty as abbve charged.  And where the Coniideration, or any Part of the Conftderation, (hall be any Stock in any of the Public Funds, or any Government Debentures or Debenture, or Stock of the Bank of Ireland^ or any Debentures or Debenture of any Corporation, Company, Society or Perfons or Perfon, payable only at the*Will of the Debtor; then the Said Duty (hall be calculated (taking the fame	0 10 0

“^ANCE-^-w.

t^fpc&ively, whether constituting the whole ^ a Part only of fuch Confideration) •ccording to the felling Price thereof ^pe&riely od that Day, or on the next Preceding Day on which any fuch Sale have taken place : And if fuch Confederation, or Part of Confideration, (hall be * Mortgage, Judgment or Bond, or a Denture, the Amount whereof (hall be t'ccoverable by the Holder, or any other Security whatfoever, whether payable in Money or otherwise $ then fuch Calculation Hull be made according to the Sum due ttatoo, whether for Principal or Intereft, w for both.

wXe^The Purchafe Money or Confideration is to be truly expreffed and fet forth in Words ^ Length, in or upon every fuch Deed or Ioftnmient of Conveyance.

^ wWe any Eauity or Right of Redemption, * My Reverfiooary Right or Intereft, of, to, to or out of any Lands or other Property, to Mortgage, or (landing pledged or charged j* °r with the Payment of any Sum of (ball be conveyed or difpofed of, °tofr in Confideration of the Money fo due 011 Mortgage, or in Confideration of that of any further Sum, paid or agreed to k P®hl, toe Conveyance of fuch Equity of or Reverfionary Right or In* (Sail be deemed and taken to be a theD|Lryaace uPon the Sale of Property, and dcQneT <*ue on Mortgage (hall be *nd taken to be the Purchafe Money hxtyT9** the Purchafe Money for the the cafe may be; and the Convey-be liable to fuch Duty in refpe& n^Jj/^#^bole of fuch Confideration, as any is | 'conveyance upon the Sale of Property to, deducing thereout, nevertbelefs, ^ valorem Duty, if any, as (hall have fuch i&^vioufly P*id OQ the Execution of p^^^e>rtgage, in refpe& of fo much of the Sum lent on fuch Mortgage, as And	rema^n	unpaid i

mv T^ndi or r%t\

uny Lands or other Property of dif-diff^3*Tenurcs or Holdings, or held under Titles, contra&ed to be fold at one to Price for the whole, (hall be conveyed ^ Purchaser in feparate Parts or Parcels

Qa

£.

A.D.l

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
CONVEYANCE—continued.  by different Deeds or Inftniments, the Pur-chafe Money or Confideration (hall be divided and apportioned in fuch manner as the Parties (hall think fit, fo that a diftmd Price or Confideration for each feparate Part or Parcel may be fet forth in or upon the Principal or only Deed or Inftrnment of Conveyance relating thereto,, which (hall be charged with the faid ad valorem Duty, in refped of the Price or Confideration therein fet forth.  And where any Lands or other Property con-traded to be purchafed by Two or more Perfoas jointly, or by any Perfon for himfelf and others, or wholly for others, at one entire Price for the whole, (hall be conveyed in Parts or Parcels, by feparate Deeds or In-ftruments, to the Perfons for whom the fame (hall be purchafed, for diftind Parts or Shares of the Purchafe Money or Confideration, the Principal or only Deed or Inftru-ment of Conveyance of eacn feparate Part or Parcel (hall be charged with the faid ad valorem Duty in refped of the Sum of Money or other matter therein fpecified, as the Confideration for the fame.  But if feparate Parts or Parcels of fuch Lands or other Property (hall be conveyed to, or to the ufe of or in truft for different Perfons, in and by one and the fame Deed or Inftrn-ment, then fuch Deed or Inftrnment (hall be charged with the faid ad valorem Duty in refped of the agregate Amount of the Purchafe Money or Confideration therein mentioned to be paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, for the Lands or Property thereby conveyed.  And where any Lands or other Property fepa-rately contraded to be purchafed of different Perfons at feparate and diftind Prices, (hall be conveyed to the Purcbafer, or according to the Purchaser's Direction, in and by one and the fame Deed or Inftrument, fuch Deed or Inftrument (hall be charged with the ad valorem Duties which (hall be then, by Law, payable on Conveyances on the Sale of Property for and in refped of the feparate Confideration paid or given, or agreed to be paid or given, tor fuch Lands or other Property,	i  i

i

t---------

f?ROMSSORY NOTE —continued.

mcnts, except tbofe hereby exfrefily dirt 8c d to he deemed Promiflory Notes*

Betfsscb of the Notes and Inflruments here exempted from the Duty on Promtffory Notes Jball ueverthelefs be Uablc to the Duty which may attach thereon as Agreements or other wife. OTEST of any Bill of Exchange or PromifTory Note for any Sam of Money not amounting to 50I.

Amounting to 50L and not amounting to aool* Amounting to 200I- and upwards PROTEST of any other kind	-

PLTRCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, Sec.

RECEIPT or Difcharge for or upop the Payment of Money, or on the Delivery of any Check, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sam of Money;

Amounting to al* and not amounting to iol. Amounting to 10I. and not amounting to 20I. -Amounting to 20L and not amounting to 50L -Amounting to 50L and not amounting to tool* Amounting to 100I. and not amounting to 200I. Amounting to 200E and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500I. and upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever (hall be therein expreffed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts.

Receipts or Difebarges given by any Agent for Money intruded to him on Account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance•

Receipts or Difebarges for Stamp Duties paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, or for Sums paid to fucb Receiver General by reafon thereof.

Receipts or Difebarges given by any Officer% Sea man9 Marine or Soldier, or their Reprefcnta-fives refbeSively, for or on account of tie Wages, Pay or Penfon9 due from the Navy Office, dirmy Pay Office or Ordnance Office. Receipts for any Sum of Monty baid for or on ac-count of the Penfion of the Widow of an* Officer of Hie Majefifs Land Forces payable in Ireland.

Receipts or Difebarges given for (be Conjideration Monty for the Purcbafe of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds j or the Stock or Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Inland»



d.

050 060 o 10 o 050

4

8

o o o o o o OIO 0 2 0 030 050



SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
CONVEYANCE - continued.  (hall be exempted from the faid ad valorem Duty, and be charged only with (he ordinary Duty on Deeds or Inflruments of the fame kind, not upon a Sale.  And where any Lands or other Property (hall be fold and conveyed in Confideration only or in Part of any Sum of Money charged thereon by way of Mortgage or otherwise, and then due and owing to the Purchafer, or (hall be fold and conveyed fubjed to any Mortgage, Bond or other Debt, or to any grofs of entire Sum of Money to be afterwards paid by the Purchafer, fucn Sum of Money or Debt (hall be deemed the Purchafe Money or Confideration, or Part of the Purchafe Money or Confideration, as the cafe may be, in re-fped whereof the faid ad valorem Duty is to be paid; deduding thereout neverthelefs fuch ad valorem Duty, if any, as (hall have been previoufly paid on the Execution of any fuch Mortgage or Security, in refped of fo much of fuch Mortgage or other Debt as (hall then remain unpaid.  And to prevent Doubts refpeding what (hall be deemed the principal Deed or Inftrument of Conveyance in terrain cafes, it is hereby declared: ,  That where upon the Sale of any Annuity, or other Right not before in Exigence, the fame (hall not be created by adual Grant or Conveyance, but (hall only be fecured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contrad or otherwife, the Bond or other Infbrument by which the fame (hall be fecured, or fome one of fuch Inflruments, if there be more than one, (hall be deemed and taken to be liable to the fame Duty as an adual Grant or Conveyance.  And where, in any cafe not herein exprefsly provided for, or feveral Deeds or Inflruments, or Writings, a Doubt (hall arife which is the principal, it (hall be lawful for the Parties to determine for themfelves which (hall be fo deemed, and to pay the laid ad valorem Duty thereon accordingly; and if necefTary, the other Deeds, Inflruments or Writings, on which the Doubts (hall have arifen, (hall be damped with a particular Stamp for denoting or teflifying the Pay-	Sm

CCATEYANCE—continued.

e. d.

ment of the ad valorem Duty upon all the Deeds or Inftruments being produced, and appearing to be duly ftamped in other re-fpeds.

And where there (hall be Duplicates of any Deed or Inftrument chargeable with the faid ad valorem Duty exceeding xl. one of them only (hall be cnarged therewith, and the other or others (hall be charged with the

whole being produced, duly ftamped as hereby required, the latter (hall alfo be ftamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or teftifying the Payment of the faid ad valorem Duty.

Aad where any Deed or Inftrument, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, (hall operate alfo as a Conveyance of any other than the Property fold, by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpofe, or (ball alfo contain any other matter or thing, befides what (hall be incident to the Sale and Conveyance of the Property fold, or (hall relate to the Title thereto, every fuch Deed or Inftrument (hall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it (hall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property, and to any Progreffive Duty to which it may alfo be liable, with fuch further Stamp Duty as any (eparate Deed, containing the other matter, would have been chargeable with exdufive of the progreffive Duty.

And where there (hall be feveral Deeds or In-ftruments for completing the Title to the Property fold, fnch of them as are not liable to the (aid ad valorem Duty (hall be charged with the Duty to which the fame may be liable under any general or particular De-fcription of fuch Deeds or Inftruments contained in this Schedule.

And in all cafes where the contrary (hall not be exprefsly direded, if any Two or more diftind matters (hall be contained in the fame Deed or Inftrument, in refped of each of which matters a Stamp Duty (hall be payable, then fuch Deed or Inftrument (hall be fubjed to the fame Duties as (hall be payable in refped of fuch diftind matters.

J

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
CONVEYANCE—continued.  Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.  Confiderations of 51. or I ox* commonly termed nominal Conft derations, in fuch Deeds or other Inftruments, where other bona fide Considerations Jhall be exprejjed to be thereon paid,  Jill Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, and in the Stocks or Funds of the Bank of Ireland9 or of any Company or Corporation in Ireland.  CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to the Crown. — See Grant.	f. x. a  j  j
CONVEYANCE of any Eft ate or Property in Truft for Sale which fhall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.  CONVEYANCE, Leafe, Releafe, Indenture, Deed or Inftrument of any kind whatfoever, not otherwtfe charged in this Schedule, nor exprefsly exempted from all Stamp Duty, for the firft Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -	100
For every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -CONVEYANCE of any kind, if to be enrolled. — See Release.	0 10 0
COPY or EXTRACT of any Will or Codicil, depofited in any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland	003
For every entire Quantity of 90 Words, over and above the firft 90 Words, a further Duty of -COPY of any Memorial, or of the Regifter of any Memorial, regiftered purfuant to any A61 of Parliament, made or to be made for the public regiftering of Deeds and Conveyances in Ireland,, ifTued from the Regiftrar’s Office, whether the fame be attefted or not;	003
for each Memorial ....	0  0
For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper, upon which any fuch Copy (hall be written, after the firft, a Duty of Exemption from the preceding Duty.  Copies of all Memorials included in Searches ijfued from the Regifiry Office, called Negative Searches, having the Duty thereon charged. DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Perfon to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Cuftoms or Excife, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, for or in refpeffc of any Goods,  • 12	030

DIEENTUR E—continued.

Wtm or Merchandise exported, or (hipped to be ex* ported, from Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas ;

|	If the fame (hall not exceed tool.

If the fame	(hall	exceed	100L and	not	exceed

200L	-	-

If the fame	(hall	exceed	aooL and	not	exceed

yooL	-	...

If die fame	(hall	exceed	500I.

I DEBENTURE of any other kind.—See Mortgage. Exemption.

I	AH Debentures Ufued by Government under the

I	DireQion	of	any	A& of Parliament.

DECLARATION of any Ufe or Trail, Ufes or Traits,

| of or concerning any Eftate or Property, Real or Per-< tonal, where made by any Writing not being a. Deed \ or Will -	-	-	-	-

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein after the firft -

DEED of any kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in thin Schedule, nor exprefsly exempted from all Stamp Doty, for the firft Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch* mat, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

Far every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -DEED, if the fame be enrolled.—See Release.

DEEDS;—Extra&s or Abftrads from Deeds or other Ads iffued from the Office for Regiftry of Deeds and fc> forth, called the Regiftry Office, and commonly called a Common Search ; and whether fuch Searcn flail contain the Extrad from any Deeds or Deed, or not, aid whether the fame be figned by or on behalf of any Officer or Clerk belonging to fuch Office or not;

For each Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which fuch Search, Extrad or Extrads, Abftrad or |	Abftrads, (hall be written

i DEEDS;—Searches for Deeds or Abftrads, or Ex trad 1	from Deeds or other Ads iflued from the Office for Re-

. giftering Deeds, called the Regifter Office, commonly ' called a Negative Search ;

•	For each Copy of any Deed or Memorial, or for

each Extrad or Abftrad from any Deed or Memorial which fuch Negative Search (hall give or contain	...

On the Officer’s Certificate on fuch Search, over and above all other Duties DEFEAZANCE DEED, or other Inftrument of Defeasance, of any Conveyance or Difpofition apparently

£.

o

o

0

1

I

o

t

o

o

o

o

/•

3

*

*5

10

o

10

o

10

3

3

10

d.

o

o

o

Q

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

A

DEFEAZANCE DEED—continued*

abfolute, but intended only as a Security, for Money or Stock* — See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION for any Perfon to be a Senefchal or Steward of a Manor - .

DEPUTATION of a Gamekeeper—See Certificate.

DISCHARGE for Money.-—See Receipt.

DISPENSATION for holding Two Ecclefiaftical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and Benefice in Ireland

Difpenfation or Faculty from the Lord Arch-bifhop of Armagh^ or Mailer of the Faculties for the time being

And in all other cafes	-

DONATION.—See Presentation.

DRAFT for Money.—See Bill of Exchange.

ENROLMENT of Deeds or other Inilruments. — See Release.

EXCHANGE of Lands or other Hereditaments ;

Any Deed or Inftrument of Exchange where no Sum of Money or only a Sum of 300I. (hall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange	....

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the firft..................................

And where a Sum of 300I. or upwards (hall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange;

If the Exchange (hall be effected by feparate Deeds or Inftruments of Conveyance, there (hall be paid for the Principal or only Deed or Inftrument of Conveyance to each Party

And if the fame (hall be effe&ed by mutual Conveyances, in one Deed or Inftrument, there (hall be paid for fuch Deed or Inftrument

And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the firft..................................

EXEMPLIFICATION or Conftat, under the Great Seal of Ireland) of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majefty, his Heirs or Suc-ceifors, or by any of his Royal Predeceftors, of any Honour, Dignity or Promotion, Franchife, Liberty or Privilege to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or of any Lands, Office or other thing whatfoever .....

And on every Skin after the firft

*. i

a 0

25	0

25	0

20	0	<

o 10 c

The feme DUj n a Cmvqmtu Sole tf Indsf Sum tf Mve) < etnal Ament « the MnqPiH anted ton ft fir Eqnlitjtji

B Thefeme Dttjui a Cteveymeai Sale of Lath ft

I Sum tf Mmj Twite tit Am paid fir Equity £xch*ie.

O 10	0

to 0	0

I 0	0

A.D. 1816.

56* GEO. Ill*

C. 56.

23

EXTRACTS or ABSTRACTS from Regiftcrs and Records in Ireland.—See Copy and Deeds. FURTHER CHARGE.—See Mortgage.

GAME CERTIFICATES. — See Certificates. GRANT or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland;

Of the Honour or Dignity of an Archbifhop

—--------------:——	- ■ ■ a Duke

■ -	—	........a Marquis

an Earl a Vifcount a Biihop a Baron a Baronet

Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion wnatfoever, or of any Franchife, Liberty or Privilege, to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Bolitic or Corporate And where Two or more Honours or Dignities {hall be granted by the fame Letters Patent to the fame Perfon, fuch Letters Patent (hall be charged with the proper Duty in refpeft of the higheft in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, (hall be granted to any Perfon or Pertons, in Remainder, the Letters Patent flail be charged with fuch further Duty, in refpe& of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the fame Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any fuch Grant or Letters Patent {hall be contained in more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the firft, a further progrejfive Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties• Commi/fions of Rebellion in Procefs•

Letters Patent, or Briefs for colle&ing Charitable Benevolences.

Letters Patent for confirming any Dtfpenfation hereinbefore charged with a Duty GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank GRANT of an Efcheatorihip -	-	-

Gnat of any Land in Fee, Leafe for Years, or other Grant for Profit, and not herein particularly charged, that (hall pafs the Seal of the Exchequer, except Cut todiam Leafes «...

£•

d.

150	O	O
350	O	O
300	O	0
250	O	0
200	O	0
IOO	O	0
ISO	O	0
IOO	O	0
20	O	0

20

50

20



o

o

o

o

GRANT from His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, which (hall pafs the Great Seal of Ireland\ out of the Civil Lift, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament; Of any definite and certain Sum and Sums of Money,

Not amounting to tool- -	-

Amounting to iool- and not amounting to 250I.	•	•	-

Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I.	-	-	-

Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 750I.	-	-

Amounting to 750I. and not amounting to

1,0001.	-

Amounting to i,oool. and upwards; for every iool. thereof Of any Annuity or Penfion,

Not amounting to 100L per Annum Amounting to 100L and not amounting to 200I. per Annum Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 400L per Annum Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to 600I. per Annum Amounting to 600I. and not amounting to 800I. per Annum Amounting to 800L and not amounting to i,OOoY. per Annum Amounting to i,oooL per Annum and upwards	-	-

But where any fuch Grant of an Annuity or Penfion (hall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty1 of	-

And where Several and dtfti™S Annuities or Pen-fions (hall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Pertona by the fame Inftrument, the proper Duty (hall be charged in refpe& of each Annuity or Penfion ; but where the Grant (hall be of any Annuity or Penfion, to pr for the Benefit of Two or more Per-fonsjointly, the Duty Audi be charged in re* fpedt of tie whole-GRANT, or Appointment by His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or by any Perfon or Perfone, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing;

iff. x.

I	xo	
4	0	
10	0	4
20	0	a
30	0	0
5	0	0
1	10	0
4	0	0
10	0	0
20	0	0
30	0	0
40	0	0
So	0	0
1	10	0

GMANT—-emtiaatd.

Where the Salary, Feet and Emolument* appertaining thereto, (hall not amount to 501. per

Annum	•	•

And where the (ante (hall amount to 50I* and not amount to tool. per Annum And where the dune (hall amount to 100I. and sot amount to 200I. per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300L per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the dune (hall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the dune (hall amount to 750I. and not amount to ipoool. per Annum -	-

And where the dune (hall amount to i,oooL and not amount to 1, cool, per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 1,500!. and not amount to 2,oool« per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to a,oooL and not amount to 3,000!. per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 3,oooL per Annum or upwards ... The find Fees and Emoluments to be eftimated according to the Average Amount thereof dor Three Years preceding, where practicable; and in other cafes, according to the beft Information that can be obtained.

And where anyfuch Grant or appointment (hall be made to Two or more Pertons jointly, with feparate and diftin& Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the fame (hall be charged with a feparate and diftind Duty, in relpeft of each Perfon, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to fuch Perfon.

Provided always, that no Duty (hall be charged in refpeCt of any Perfon to whom any Office or Employment (hall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who mall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unlefs the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to fuch Perfon, (hall he in any manner augmented; and in that cafe, a Duty (hall be charged, in refped of fuch Perfon, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

INDENTURES of Apprenticeihip.-—See AffbentIgb-sbuof end Articles.

£	/•	i.
1	O	0
4	O	0
6	O	0
12	O	0
*5	o’	0
35	0	0
5°	0	0
75	0	0
too	0	0
IJO	0	0
300	0	0

m

e. &$.

as*GEO.IIL

A.D

Duty.

nr. t.

INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the (aid Courts	....

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the faid Courts -

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the faid Courts MANDATE iffuipg out of the faid Courts -MONITION iffuipg out of any of the faid Courts ORDER.—See Rule.

° 4

° 5 ° 4 ° 5 o 5

PETITION, on the Entry of each, in the High Court of Delegates, in the Courts of Prerogative and Con-fiftorial Court# in Dublin, except in Suits for Tithes or otherwife	-

PETITION, in any other Ecclefiaftical Court, except in Suits for Tithes, on the Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the fame (hull be written PETITION in any Ecclefiaftical Court in any Suit for Tithes .....

e	j	c

o	j	a

o	i	cl

PROCESS of Contempt for not appearing, or for not anfwering, on each -PROCESS of wfiatfoever other nature or kind foever, not otherwife charged, that (hall ifTue out of the faid Courts -

RELEASE of any kipd relating to any Proceeding carrying on in the £ud Courts, not otherwife charged -RENUNCIATION of any kind -REQUISITION -

RULE or ORDER, on the Entry thereof, made or given on any Petition or Motion in the High Court of Delegates, and in the Court of Prerogative and Confiftorial Court in Dublin, whether fuch Rule or Order (hall be made in open Court, or otherwife RULE or ORDER made in any other Ecclefiaftieal Court, on each Sheet or Piece of Paper on whjeh the fame (hall be written	...

SENTENCE Interlocutory	...

SENTENCE Definitive, or Final Decree or Order having the force thereof, of any of the faid Courts

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

All Proceedings in Suits for Tithes, except where exprefsly charged in the foregoing Schedule•

O S c

050

o 10	0

O 10 oj

O 7 6\

0	I	0
0	I	0
0	10	0
0	10	0

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage (hall exceed Forty Shillings. ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and the Sheriffs of Dublin, and in the Courts of all Corpor-

AJMB16.	56° G EO.IIL	C.56.	24

LEASE — continued.

And where the annual Amount of fuch Rent referred, or agreed to be referred, /hall exceed the Sum of 400L or the Fine (hall exceed 2,oool. then, for every 100L of the whole Amount of fuch Rent, or for every 500I. of | fuch Fine or Confideration, a Duty of And where there (hall be both Rent and Fine, the Duty only to be paid in refped of fuch Rent or Fine as (hall be liable to the higher Rate of Duty;

For eveiy Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any fuch Indenture, Leafe, Releafe or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, after the firft Skin or Sheet, a Duty of LEASE, Releafe or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article or Inftrument, not otherwife charged, tor felting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Claufe or Covenant for the Renewa thereof, or with a Claufe or Covenant of Renewal, which (hall contain any Stipulation for the Payment of any pecuniary Fine in any way howfoever ;

On the firft Skin, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of each and every Part thereof;

Where the annual Amount of the Rent referved or agreed to be referved (any penal Rent, or any increafed or referved Rent in the nature of a penal Rent, not being included in fuch Amount! (hall not exceed iol. and the Fine or Confideration for the lame (hall not exceed 100L	...

Where the annual Amount

of fuch Rent

of fuch Fine or Confideration

(hall exceed

and (hall not exceed

£10 £ 20

jfs°

£ 100 ^150 £ 200 *£250 £300 £35°

S€ Gmo.

£20 £ So £100 £ iso £ 200 £2$o £ 300

£ 35° £400

III.

£ 100 £ iso

£ 200 *£500

£ns°

£ 1,000 £ 1,250 £ 1,500 £i>7S° R

£ 150

£200 £ Sco

&750 £ 1,000 £ 1*250 £ 1,500 £ I»75° £2,000

£.

d.

10

o

0

1

1

2

2

3

3

4

JO

o

10

o

10

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o o

C.6&

A.D.

•2(>i

^6° CjEO. Ill*

COPY* attefted of any Charge or Difcharge filed in any Court of Equity	-	-	-

COPY attefted of any Account or Report filed in any ! Caufe in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer ’ COPY:of any Account or Report filed in Chanceiy inrthe.

matter of any Minor or Lunatic 1 COPY or Extraft, attefted or otherwife, of any Accounts ! iffued by the Accountants General of the Courts of !	'' Chancery and Exchequer, in any Suit of matter what-

\ foever, on each, and every Sheet or Piece of paper on . which the fame may be written r COPY, attefted or otherwife, iffuing from any Public

*	Office, of any Affidavit therein filed, which Copy

j	(hall be read pr ufed in any Court of Law or Equity,

except in A&ions or Suits where the Debt or Damage or thing claimed and demanded (hall not exceed the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings ' COPY attefted of any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application againft a Sheriff or Coroner	-	-	-

: COPY* attefted or otherwife, iffuing from any Public Office, of any Bill, Anfwer, Demurrer* Plea, Repli-: cation/. Rejoinder or other Pleading, or of any’Interrogatories or Depofitiohs by Commiffibn or otherwife ; in any Court of Equity	...

•	COPY iffuing from any Public Office, of any Declaration

' in-Eje&ment or other Declaration, Plea, Replication, - Rejoinder, Demurrer or other Pleading what foever, in ; any Court of LaW -

COPY of any Record to be fumifhed to any of the Judges, for hearing of Caufes in Error in the Court of Ex-* chequer Chamber, or in the Court of Delegates ; COPY, attefted or otherwife, iffuing from any Public Office of Interrogatories, or the j3epofitions or An-fwers thereto, in any Court of Law i COPY iffuing from any Public Office, of any Rule or Order, made or given on any Petition or Motion, 6r otherwife, in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage (hall exceed Forty Shillings, whether fuch Rule or Order (hall be made in Open Court, or by any Judge or other Officer of fuch Courts refpe&ively, by way of a Fiat for an Order

COPY of any Summons whereby the* Defendant or De-|	fendants (hall be required to appear or anfwer to the

Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, i	Chairman,	Affiftant	Barrifter, Senefchal or Steward

\	- of a Manor, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceed-

ing in a fummary way by Civil Bill, fave and except I

£. s.

Q *

o 3

O 2

O $ O

0	0	3

o	o	6

004

004 0	0	4

004

010

LEASE — continued.

exceed the Rate of Four hundred Founds by the Year -	.	*

Where fuch Rent (hall exceed the Rate of Four hundred Pounds by the Year, then for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Rate of fuch Rent	«...

And every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in every fuch Indenture, Leafe, Releafe of Deed, Minute or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article or Inftrument, after the firil Skin or Sheet	-

LEGACY.—See Release, and Part the Third of this Schedule.

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Oficer, Seaman or Marine, or Soldier ferving as a Marine, for Recovery of Prize Money LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Releafe of Dividend} of any Government, Parliamentary Or other Stocks or Funds LETTER, or Power of Attorney, of any other kind, not otherwife charged -LETTER of Attorney empowering any Perfon to receive Rents in Iftfand, except Letters of Attorney to receive Rents ufidet Cuftodiams or Elegits -LETTER of Attorney empowering any Perfon or Per-fons to execute any Leafe or Leafea of Lands in Ireland* on the Part ot Behalf of any Lefibr or Lefifee;

If fuch Letter of Attorney frail be limited to * the executing of atfy Leafe or Leafes in ^ which the annual Amount of the Rent referred, or to be feferved, (any penal Rent, or any increafed or referred Rent, in the nature of a penal Rent, dot* being included in fuch Amount,) (hall not exceed yl. and the Fine or Confideratioir for the fame (hall not exceed 20I.	-	-

And where fuch Letter of Attorney (hill not be limited -	-	-	-	-

LETTER of Attorney which (haft be limited to any larger Rent Ot Fine, of which (hall not fpecify the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be referved or received on fuch Leafe	-

LETTER of'Attorney empowering any Perfon to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements id Ireland* where the Confi deration of fuch Conveyance (hall not exceed iool.

And where the Amount of fuch Confideration (halt exceed loot, or where the Amouat ef R 2

Duty. t€.	1.	d.

xoo

o 10 o

o 10 o

OIO

0	1©	0
0	10	0

5	00

too

10	o	o

16	©	©

2	o	o

DECREE which (hall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which (hall iffue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Affiftant Barriftcr, Town Clerk or Senefchal, or by any Judge of Affize, or other Judge whatfoever, in Caufet heard by Civil Bill, except Decrees by any Senefchal or Steward of a Manor where the Debt or Damages do not exceed Forty Shillings)

Where the Sum domed (hall be under 5I, -	-»

And where the Sum decreed (hall amount to 5L and not amount to iol. -And where the Sum decreed (hall amount to toL or upwards	-	-	-

DECREE. — Renewal of a Decree or Difmifs, by whomsoever made, on any Proceeding by Civil Bill* lave as aforefaid •	-	-	*

DEMURRER in any Court of Law -DEMURRER in any Court of Equity ... DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commiffion out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereef before the fame are ingrqffed )	-

DEPOSITIONS in anfwer to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law .	-

DISMISS made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chair* man, Afliftant Barrifter or Judge of Afiize DISMISS made or pronounced by any Senefchal or Steward of any Manor in auy Proceeding by Civil Bill, Save as aforefaid -	-

ENROLLMENT of any Proceeding. —■ See RntEASX in the Firft Part of this Schedule*

EXCEPTIONS hied in any Court of Equity, for each Exception, whether alone or joined with any others or other	-	-	...

EXCEPTIONS hied in the matter of any Bankrupt or Lunatic	-

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Pro. ceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal, charged in the Firft Part of this Schedule) GRANT of the Cuftody of the Perfon or Eftate of any Lunatic. — See Commission* of Lunacy. INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture -INQUISITION token by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner or Elifor, in any Adion at Law, or under any Ad of Parliament INQUISITION to be enrolled, of any kind, for each Sheet or Piece of Paper or Parchment on which the fame may be written or ingroffed -	.

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law -INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity, or in any matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy



o	9	(

o	4	*

07	6

016

040

040

040 o	4	q

o	4	0

O	I	6

0	5	0

0	J	0

® 15 c

0	to	0

0	to o

1	O	o

0	4	o

0	4	o

SCHEDULE, PART II.

i 1DJ O

Fo



Inteiiocwtory, in injr Court of Uw in Ireland	-	-	-

MENT (not Interlocutory), on the Entry thereof of the fuperior Court! at Dublin /

'orany Sum under tool. •

For iooL and not exceeding tool.

And for every tool, after the Sun of aool. a further Duty of Where the Sum in fuch Judgment ihall exceed aool. or any nrogreffivc Sum of iool. each, by any framonu Part of iooL for fuch fractional Part	-

JUDGMENTS, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Judgments appearing on Record in any Conxt in Ireland agamft any Perfon, ifiited from any of the Public Offices of any Court in Ireland, whether Inch Search (hall contain any Ext raft or Exfra&s of any Judgment or not, on the Officer’s Certificate fub-fenbed thereto, for each Perfon as to whom fuch Search ffiall be made	....

JUDGMENTS, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Judgments iffuing from any of the Public Offices of any Court in Ireland* whether fuch Search fhaR contain any Extra# of any Judgment or Judgments, or not, or whether fuch Search (hall be figned by or on behalf of any Officer or Clerk of any fuch Public Office, for each Perfon againft whom fuch Search (hall be made -	-	-	-

JUDGMENT.—See Assignment and Memorial. LETTERS of Guardianfhip under the Great Seal of Ireland	-	-

ORDER or Rule made or given in any of the Courts at DeMm* whether fuch Rule or Order (hall be made in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of fuch Courts refpe#ivcly in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order, or otherwife, or whether the fame be ifibed or not, except on Petitions;

For the Entry of every fuch Rule or Order in the Book kept by tne Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer of any Court in Dublin for that Purpofe, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves »

ORDER or Rule made or given in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth exceed 40s. whether fuch Rule or Order (hall be mnde in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of fuch Courts vefpeftively in his Chamoer, by way of Fiat for an Order or otnerwife, or whether the fame (hall be iffogd or not	-	-	-	.

Except fuch as (hall be made on the Application of any Prifoner pr Infolvent Debtor*

Duty.

£•	/•	dm

O^O

OfiO O II o

o o

o 10

PETITION* °n the Entry of, in any Suit in any of the Courts at Dublin, as alto in all matters of Bankruptcy, of Lunacy, of Minora, and in all other matters pre-fented to the Court of Chancery or to the Lord Chancellor, or to the Commiffioners for the Cultody of the Great Seal -PETITION in any other Court, not otherwise charged, on each Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the lame (hall be written.

PLEA in any Court of Law	-	-

PLEADING of any kind, in any Court of Law or Equity, not otherwife charged in this Schedule

POSTEA -	-	...

j£* x.

o	4
o	3
o	4 ‘
o	4 0
o	10 o

PROCESS, commonly called. Procefs of Contempt, on each, not to contain more than Four Defendants PROCESS of Contempt, on the Entry of each, and every Procefs for not appearing, or for not anfwering, which (hall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, for each Defendant. -	-

RECORD of NifiPrius -

RECOGNIZANCE conditioned for the Payment of any Money or for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into during the Progrefs of any Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity RECOGNIZANCE on any Appeal from any Decree or Difmifs, by whomfoever made or pronounced, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill	...

RECOGNIZANCE, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Recognizances appearing on Record in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in Irelandt againft any Perfon, whether fuch Search (hall contain any ExtraA or Extra&s of any Recognizance or Recognizances or otherwife, on the Officer’s Certificate fubfcribed thereto, for each Perfon as to whom fuch Search (hall be made	.	*

q i o

o 1	0

o 10 0

o JO 0

o 2	6

0 10 0

RECOGNIZANCE, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Recognizances ifiuing from the Court of Chancery, or the Revenue or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, againft any Perfon, whether fuch Search (hall contain any ExtraA or Extra&s of any fuch Recognizance or Recognizances or otherwife, for each Perfon as to whom fuch Search (hall be made	•	-

REJOINDER in any Court of Law	*

REJOINDER in any Court of Equity	-	■*

REPLICATION in any Court of Law REPLICATION in any Court of Equity .

REPORT .made by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Maiefty’s Remembrancer in. the Court of Exchequer, or pi % XJeputy . . . r •	•

o

o

o

o

o

o

A.D. 1«1A

-t6* geo. m.

C.£6.

247

SCHEDULE. PART I.	Duty.
JfORTGAG E —- continued.  Funds, tbe faid ad valorem Duty (ball be I charged m relped of each.  And in cafe tbe fame refpedivdy flmli be made as a Security for the Repayment or Trans- 1 fer, to different Perfons, of feparate and diftind Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds, the faid ad vdornk Duty fhall be charged for and in refped of each fepat*ate and difttnd Sum of Money or Share in any of the faid Stocks or Funds • therein fpfccHird and & cured, ind not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.  MORTGAGE, dec. Aoy Transfer, AJEgnasent or Reconveyance of any Mortgage, or of any fuch .other Security as afomfaid, (accept othervi'ife charged,) or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or 6tock thereby fecured in all cafes Where the Perfon emitted to the Right of Redemption or Reverfion fhall not be made a Party to fuck Transfer, Alignment or Reconveyance, and alfo where the Fetfbas who originally made the Mortgage or Security fhall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reverfion, and (hill be made a Party to fuch Transfer or Alignment, provided no fort bit Sum of Money or Stock be added to the Principal Money or Stock already fecured; and provided tbe original Mortgage, or fuch other Security to be affigned as aforefaid, fhall have paid tbe ad valorem Duty granted by this Ad, dr the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages granted hy an Ad palled in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, Chap; 78. intituled “ Art Ad to repeal the feveral Duties under the Core of the Comteiffioners	dP. 1. d.
for managing tbe Stamp Doties is frebmd9 and to grant new Duties id Men thereof.”  Where the Amount of tbe Sum originally fanned fhall not amount to i^ool Where the Sum Audi amount to i,oooL arid	1 10 0
upwards * - - -And in all other cafes fuch Transfer or Alignment Audi be charged with the fane Duty as an original Mortgage or other Security. Provided always, that where feserkl diftind Deeds or Inftrumeats faffing within the Defcfiption of any of tbe Inffrumenta hereby charged with the laid ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, fhall be made at the fame time for fecuring the Payment or Transfer of one and tbe feme Sum of Money, or one add the fame Share of any Stock or Food before mentioned; tbe faid R 4	a 10 0

*70	C.56.	GEO.	III.	A.]

SCHEDULE, PART II.	Duty,
WRIT of Entry for fuffcring a Common Recovery WRIT of Error, or Certiorari, on any Appeal in any Civil Cafe (except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocefan or Archiepifcopal Court, or from any Difmifs or decree on any Civil	/•  z o
Bill, or from any Manor Court) -WRIT of Superfedeas of a Commiffion of Bankrupt WRIT of Habere Facias Setfinam or Pojfjfionem , or 'Writ	X o O 2
of Reftitution or Poffemon -	O 10
WRIT, Mandate* Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Procefs wbatfoever, not otherwife charged in this Schedule, which (hall ifTue out of, or pafs the Seal of, any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the fame be the fuperior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclefiaftical Courts -	O4O
GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties. All Proceedings for or on the behalf of any Perfon legally admitted to foe or aefend in forma Pauperis.	

SCHEDULE }—PART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Will* and Letter* of ADMI! STRATION: on INVENTORIES to beeahibited in the Ecclefiifti Courts in Ireland} and on LEGACIES out of Real or Perfonal Eftate; a on SUCCESSIONS to Perfonal Eftate* upon Inteftacy.

PART THE THIRD.	Duty.
PROBATE of a Will or Letters of Adminiftration to be granted in Ireland, and any Letter of Adminiftration, except A dminiftrations Ute> of whatever Number of Skins or Pieces of Parchment or Velhim, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper the fame mav confift ;  Where the Eftates and Effe&s, for or in refpe& of which fuch Probate or Letters of Aami-	£. *■ i-
niftration refpe&ively (hall be granted (eseclu-Jive of what the Deceafed Jhall have been pojfejfed of or entitled to as a Trufieefor any other Perfon or Perfons and not beneficially ), (hall be of the Value of 30I. and under the Value of iool. -(hall be of the Value of tool, and under the Value	O I
of 200I. -(hall be of the Value of 200I. and under the Value	t
of 300I. -(hall be of the Value of 300L and under the Value	j d 0
of 400I.	O  O

TROBATE—cotltinmed.

(hall be of the Value of 400L and under the Value of 500I.	...

(hall be of the Value of cool, and under the Value of 600I.	...

(hall be of the Value of 600L and under the Value of 700I.	...

Audi be of the Value of 700I. and under the Value of Bod. ...

(hall be of the Value of 800I. and under the Value of 900I.	...

(hall be of the Value of 9od. and under the Value of i,oool. ...

(hall be of the Value of l,oool« and under the Value of 1,cool.	-

(hall be of the Value of i,5od. and under the * Value of 2,oool.	-

(hall be of the Value of ijOooL and under the Value of 3,cool.	-

(hall be of the Value of 3,500!. and under the Value of 5tOOol.	-

(hall be of the Value of 5000L and under the Value of 7,cool.	...

(hall be of the Value of 7,500!. and under the Value of io,ood.	-

(hall be of the Value of io,oool. and under the Value of i2,cooL	-

(hall be of the Value of 12,506!. and under the Value of 15,0001.	-

(hall be of the Value of 15,0001. and under the Value of 17,500!.	-

(hall be of the Value of 17,500!. and under the Value of 20,cool.	...

(hall be of the Value of 2o,oooL and under the Value of 25,000!.	...

(hall be of the Value of 25,0001. and under the Value of 30,0001.	...

(hall be of the Value of 30,0001. and under the Value of 35,cool.	...

i (hall be of the Value of 35,0001. and under the Value of 40,000!.	...

(hall be of the Value of 40,0001. and under the Value of 45,000!.	...

(hall be of the Value of 45,000!. and under the Value of 50,0001.	...

(hall be of the Value of 50,000!. and under the Value of 6o,oool.	-

(hall be of the Value of 6o,oool. and under the Value of 70,0001.

(hall be of the Value of 70,000!. and under the Value of 8o,oool.

	X.	d.
4	0	0
5	0	0
6	0	0
7	0	0
8	0	0
9	0	0
15	0	0
30	0	0
35	0	0
60	0	0
75	0	0
90	0	0
110	0	0
>35	0	0
160	0	0
185	0	0
310	0	0
360	0	0
310	0	0
360	0	0
410	0	0
460	0	0
550	0	0
650	0	0
750	0	0

272

C.56.

56^ GEO. HE

A.I

PROBATE—continued,

fliall be of the-Value of 8o,oool. and under the . Value of 90,0001.	...

(hall be of the Value of 90,000!. and under the Value of 100,oool.	-

(hall be of the Value of ioo,oooL and under the Value of 125,000b (hall be of the Value of 125,000b and under the . Value of 150,000b	-

(ball be of the Value of 150,000b and under the Value of 175,000b (hall be of the Valu$ of 175,000b and under the Value of 200,000b	-

(hall be of the Value of 200,000b and under the Value of 250,000b	-

(hall be of the Value of 250,000b and under the Value of 300,000b	-

(hall be of the Value of 300,000b and under the Value of 350,000b	-

* (hall be of the Value of 350,000b and under the Value of 400,000b	-

(hall be of the Value of 400,000!. and under the , Value of 500,000b	-

(hall be of the Value of 500,000b or.upward9 • LETTERS of Administration, pendente lite Exemptions.

£. /. 850	0

950	0

1,200	0

1,400	0

1,600	0

2.000	0 <

2.500	0	c

3,000^ 0 (

3.500	0	<

4.000	0	(

5.000	0	c

6.000	0	c

5	0	C

Letters of Adminijl ration* or Probate of the Will* of the Goods* Chattels and EffieSs of any Non Commiffioned Officer* Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who Jhall be Jlain or die in the Ser~ vice of His Majejly, his Heirs or Succeffiors• Letters of Admini/lration, de bonis non.

Probates that Jhall be taken out by any Executor, coming after another ExecutorJhall have obtained Probate of the fame.

RECEIPT or Difcharge for any Legacy, Specific or pecuniary, or of any other Defcription, given by any Will or Teftamentary lnftrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Perfonal Eftate, and which (hall be paid, delivered, retained, fatisfied or dif-charged, or Monies arifing from the Sale of any Real Eftate dire&ed to be fold by any Will or Teftamentary lnftrument, and which (hall be paid, delivered, retained, fatisfied or difcharged;

Alfo for the clear Refid ue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Refidue of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon dying teftate or inteftate, or for the clear Refidue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Refidue deviled to any Perfon or Perfons of any Monies arifing, or that may arife, by the Sale of any

RECEIPT—continued.

Real Eftate dire&ed to be fold by any Will or Teftamentary Inftrument (after deducing all Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges firft made payable thereout) if any.

For every lool. of the Value of any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Part or Proportion of Kradue, paid, delivered, retained, latisfied or difcharged, and for any fra&ional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or pro-greffive Sums of tool, the Sums following, viz.

Where any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Share of fnch Refidue, mall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the Deceafed, or any Defcendant of a Brother of Sifter of the Deceafed, a Duty of

Where any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Share of fuch Refidue, mall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the Father or Mother of the Deceafed, or any Defcendant of a Brother or Sifter of the Father or Mother of the Deceafed

Where any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Share of fodi Refidue, mall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceafed, or any Defcendant of a Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceafed	...

And where any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Share of fuch Refidue, mall have been given, or have devolved.to or for the Benefit of any Perfon, in any more remote Degree of Collateral Confanguinity to the Deceafed than is before defcribed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceafed, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Public Inftitutions (fave Charitable Inftitutions) ...

Where any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or any Share of fuch Refidue, (hall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceafed, or any Defcendant of a Child of the Deceafed -	-

Exemptions.

Legacies and Refidue*, or Shares of Refidue, of any fuch Eftate or EffeQe as aforefaid, given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the Huf 36 Gsis III.	T

d.

.5 o

* O

* lO

5 o

o xo o

t74?

C. 56.

56* GEO. I1L

A.D.

SCHEDULE, PART III.	Duty.
R EC EIPT—continued.  band or Wife of the Deceafed, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.  Legacies given for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or to be applied in Support of any Public Charitable Inftitution in Ireland, or for any Purtofe merely charitable.  Legacies conJxJUng of Bools, Prints, Piffures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural Hidory, or other fpecific Articles,  • which fball be given or bequeathed to or in Trufl for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept andpreferred by fuch Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purpofe of Sale.	i.

Forms of Affidavits to be required and received from Perfons applying for Probates of Wills, ir, Letters of Administration of the Value of the Perfonal Eftate and Effecb < the Deceafed.

No. im For Executors.

A.	E. of	an	Executor	[or	Executrix,	or A.E. c

and B. E. of	Executors, or Executor an

Executrix, at the cafe may be} named in the laft Will and Teftamcnt [on a Codicil annexed to the laft Will and Teftament] of C. T. [the Tcftatorj lit of	who	died	on the	Day	of

18 maketh Oath and faith, [or make Oath and fay; or in the cafe o Quakers, do or doth folemnly affirm and declare] that he [She or they] had [or have] made diligent Search and due Enquiry after and in refped of tiw Perfonal Eftate and Effects of the faid Deceafed, in order to afeertain tbt full Amount and Value thereof; and that to the beft of his [her or their Know, ledge, Information and Belief, the whole of the Goods and Chattels, Righti and Credits of which the faid Deceafed died poffefTed within the Province [a Diocefe] of	confifting of the Property, Monies, Securities,

matters and things, fpecified in the Account anuexed to this Affidavit, are under the Value of £	exclufive	of what the Deceafed may hare

been poffefTed of, or entitled to, as a Truftee for any other Perfon or Perfons, and not beneficially, and without deducing any thing on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceafed: And that according to the Knowledge, Information and Belief of this Deponent [or thefe Deponents] the faid &• ceafcd had alfo [or had not] other Perfonal Eftate and Effe&s at the time of his [or her] Deceafe, within the Province [or Diocefe] of [or within any other Province or Diocefe in Ireland.]

Sworn, on the	Day	of)	[To	be	figned	by	A.E.

18	before me, j the Deponents]	B.E.

No. a. For Administrators.	|

B.	A. of	[and	C.A.	of	]	in order to tie

1 due Adtniniftration of the Perfonal Eftate and Effc£U of D.I. [/J* hlejUtt]

late of	who died on the	"	Day	of

•otcflate, maketh Oath and faith, dec. [as in the presiding Form.}

A.D. 1S1«.

56* GEO. III.

C.56.

275

is ACCOUNT of the ESTATE and EFFECTS of the late

i

Household Goods, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Books, Plate, Jewels, &c.

Property io the Stocks or Funds transferrable at the Bank.

Leafehold Property.

Pi ice of Stocks

/• d*

Property in Public Companies.

Money oat on Mortgage and other Securities.

Real £fbte devifed to be fold, or Value of Legacies charged on Real Eftate.

Stock m Trade, Farming Stock and Implements of Hufbandry.

Other Perfooal Property not comprifed under the foregoing Heads.

T 2

C»56«

56° GEO. III.

A.D

tie

SCHEDULE;— PART THE FOURTH.

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and 1 LICATIONS ; and in refpedl of Articles not Ramped on VELI PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FOURTH.

Any Newfpaper or Paper containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences .... Any Hand Bill, or Bill for PofUng, containing a fingle Advertifement, except Hand Bills, or Bills for Polling refpe&ing Charities, Robberies, Murders, Lofs of Property, and Sales under Dillrefs Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent	...

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year or for any time lefs than a Year	...

Any Almanack or Calendar made to ferve for any longer time than a Year, or for feveral Years Any Dublin Directory	«...

Any Army Lift, or any Lift of Attomies, Solicitors or Conveyancers, duly admitted, and having paid Duty on their Certificates (except fuch Lifts refpedtively as fhall be publifhed with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being)	...

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed Or publifhed daily, weekly, monthly or at any other time or times, as an Account or Abftraft of Account of fuch Goods; for each Day’s Account or Abftradl of Day’s Account contained therein, whether the fame be printed or publifhed fepa-rately, or included in or with any other Publication, and in Proportion to the Number of Days’ Accounts, or AbftracU of Days’ Accounts contained in fuch Publications, for each and every of fuch Publications, (except fuch daily or other Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as fhall be printed or publifhed by fome Perfon or Perfons authorized to print the fame by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) . -	-	-

Articles not Jlambed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper*

For every Advertifement to be contained or publifhed in any Gazette, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be publifhed weekly or oftener; or in any other printed Paper ‘or Pamphlet difperfed or made public yearly, monthly or at anj other Interval of time, or in any Hand Bill, containing more than One Advertifement; and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Adi of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) for

Duty.

£. /.

o o

o o o

O 0	9

o 7 * o o d

o o *

o o 1

AOKStAemakU Wf. — continued.

/die time being*, or the Privy Council of Ireland,, which /hall be contained or publimed in any Gazette, Newf-paper, Journal or Daily Account, other than the r DMn Gazette	-	....

For emy Pamphlet or Paper, not exceeding Six Sheets, Odavo, or in a leffer Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any kind of Paper contained in one printed Copy or IinpreiJkm thereof, a Duty of Exemptions•

Advertifements publijbed by the Trufiets of Hofpi-tals9 or other Charitable Injlitutionsy or by Trufiees for any other Purpofe merely chart-tabley relative to the BuRnefs of fuch Hoffi-taliy or other Charitable Inftitutions, or to the Bufinefs of fuch Charities.

Any AB of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Councilt Form of Prayer and Tbankfgivingy or any ~A3 of State which Jhall be ordered by His Majefiyy his Heirs and Succejforsy or by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being9 to be printed or pubTJhcd; or any Votes or other metiers which are or Jhall be ordered to be •printed by either Houfe of Parliament; or any Books commonly ufed in any of the Schools in Ireland; or any Books containing only matters of Devotion and Piety ; or any Weekly Bills of Mortality; or any Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exforted9 fo as fuch Dally Accounts or Bills do contain no other matter than Accounts of Goods imported into, or exported from9 Ireland, and the Particulars relating to fuch Imports and Extorts 9 i	and	fo as the fame Jhall be printed and pub-

fyhed by fuch Perfon and Perfons as Jhall be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Irelandfor the time being.

For any ASSURANCE or INSURANCE, viz.

For any Aflurance or Infuifence of any Ship or Snips, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Intereft whereon Infurance may be lawfully made againft Lofs in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Con-federation in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contra&ed for, Audi not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent.

T S

Duty.

j£.	e»	d*

o	2	6

0	2	0

278

56° GEO. Ill

A.D.18I

C.56.

ASSURANCE—continued.

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Iflands of Guernfey, Jcrfeyy Alderney, Sark or Man, from or to any other Place in the faid Kingdom or Iflands;

Where the Sum infured fliall amount to iool. or any lefs Sum And fo progreflively for every iool. fo infured -And where the Sum infured (nail exceed iool. or any progreflive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for fuch fractional Part -	-	-	-

For any other Voyage, where the Sum infured fliall amount to iool., or any lefs Sum	-

And fo progreflively for every iool. fo infured -And where the Sum infured fliall exceed iool. or any progreflive Sums of iool. each, by any fraCtibnsu Part of iqol. for fuch fractional Part	-	...

And where the Premium, or Conflderation in the Nature of a Premium, for fuch Infurance, actually and bona Jide paid or contracted for, fliall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty m all cafes equal to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties refpe&ively.

Any Affurance or Infurance for or upon any Sum of iool. or any lefler Sum that is or (hall be infured by any Perfon or Perfons in or by any Policy of Infurance for infuring Houfes, Goods, Furniture, Warehoufes, Merchandizes or other Property, from Lofs by Fire, yearly	....

And for every iool. of fuch Infurance, after the firft Hundred, a like Sum of And where the Sum infured (hall exceed iool. or any progreflive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. a Duty in Proportion for fuch fraCttonal Part.

And fo in Proportion for any (hotter Period than a Year, in all the faid caips of Infurance frorp Lofs by Fire.

For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted or Playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended in Ireland

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland, -	-

£. /• I

o	i	1

O	I	3

o i 3

026

026

2 6

0	2

o 2

o	2	0

0 if	0

SCHI*

A.D.1&16.

56° GEO. III.

C.56, 57.

279

SCHEDULE;—PART THE FIFTH. ALLOWANCES on the Purchafe of STAMPS.

To	terPerfon	who fhafl bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp

Ofe m Dublin to be damped, or who (hall buy any ilamped Vellum, Parchment m Paper st the find Stamp Office, the Duties wnereof refpedively (hall amount to ^Wenty Pounds or upwards, (fave and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper to he faftd with any Duty of Ten Pounds or upwards, or with any Number of Stamps amounting in the whole to Ten Pounds, on One Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper,) an Allowance after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the faid Duty upon fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo brought or (lamped.

To Stadooers or Shopkeepers who (hall purchafe Stamps for Receipts to the Amount, at one and the fame time, of Five Pounds, in Confideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper ilamped for Receipts, but adually and bona fide felhng the fame for the Price of the Stamp Duty only, Seven Pounds Ten Stuffings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on fuch Stamps for Receipts, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Sum not under the Siam of Five Pounds: this Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

CAP. LVII.

An Aa to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in. Ireland, toxefpea of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes,

Carnages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effe&ual Colleflion of the laid Rates, Duties and Taxes.	[20th	June 1816.J

€ VJLTHEREAS it expedient to repeal the feveral Rates, Duties 1 W and Taxes payable in Ireland in refped of Houle*} Fire 1 Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs,

*	under aad by virtue of the feveral A6b hereinafter mentioned, and

*	to grant new Confolidated Rates, Duties and Taxes in lieu thereof,

*	and to amend the Daws now in force for regulating and fecuring ‘ the Cofle&on of all fuch Rates, Duties and TaxesBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affertibled, and by the Authority

of the lame. That from and after the Fifth Day of January One The following thottfend eight hundred and fixteen, the feveral Rates, Duties and A&s, granting Taxes on Houfes, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Car. Dimes 1on rages, Horfes and Dogs, granted in and by the feveral Ads here- do“rl££ viJ“‘ inafter recited, or fuch of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes as were * in force in Irelasid immediately before the palling of this Ad, and & Regulations and Diredions contained in or made by the faid Ads or say of them, for the Colledion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or fo much and fuch Parts of any of them as are or were fo in force, (hall ceafe and determine, and fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed; (that is to fay), in and by an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, intituled jin 47 G. 3-c.i*. AM to groat to His Majefly certain Inland Duties of Excife and

T 4	Taxes

280

C.57.

56* GEO. IIL

A.D. 1816

47 0.3. c ax.

4* G. j.c.41.

49 G .3.C.

SS G.3.c6x.

JJO.3. C67.

SS G. 3. c x4o.

repealed, except Arrears, fc*

Duties fpecified In Schedules annexed to be paid.

Ta$es in Ireland» and to allow certain Drawbacks in reJpeS thereof* in lieu of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and Drawbacks ; and alio in and by another Ad made in the faid Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for regulating and fecuring the ColleSion of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in refpeS of Dwelling Houfes, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Dogs and Carriages ; and alfo in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to grant to His Majejly certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refbeS of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in refpeS of the like Articles ; and alfo m and by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better ColleSion of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horfes and Dogs in Ireland; and alfo in and by Three feveral Ads made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, that is to fay, One Ad, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majejly certain increafed Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland in refbeS of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in reJpeS of the like Articles; and One other Ad, intituled An AS to grant to His Majejly certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in reJpeS of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horfes kept to be let to hire ; and One other Ad, intituled An AS to make further Provifons for the ColleSion of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carnages and Horfes, and in refpeS of Houfes in Ireland; and the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes granted in and by the faid recited Ads, and the Regulations contained in the faid recited Ads, and the faid recited Ads and every of them (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed accordingly, and (hall ceafe and determine, except fo far as the faid Ads or any of them repeal or repeals any former Ad or Ads, and except alfo fo far as the faid recited Ads or any of them relate or relates to the charging, recovering, levying, paying or amounting for any Rates, Duties and Taxes or Arrears thereof, or may concern or relate to the profecuting, fuing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, for any Offence againft the faid Ads or any of them, or for any Offence again H: any Ad or ,A&s relating to the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which (hall have been qr (hall be committed, on or before the laid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen; and except fo far as relates to any Suit or Proceeding which may have been commenced or inilituted or (hall be commenced or inftituted at any time after the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and before the pafiing of this Ad, for or in refped of or relating to the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this Ad or the Schedules thereto annexed, and which faid Suits or Proceedings (hall and may be proceeded on to Judgment and Execution, to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Ads had not been repealed and determined-

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, there (hall be levied, raifed, colleded, paid and fatisfied, unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, upon and in refped of the fevers! Fire Hearths or other Places ufed for firing or Stoves, Windows or

Lights,

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.57.

Ml

Lights, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, mentioned, fpecified, defcribed and ex-prefled in the feveral Schedules marked (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) (£•) fF.)(G.) (H.) (I.) and (K.) refpcdively to this Aft annexed, the ferenl Amounts, Sums of Monev, Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are refpcdively defcribed and (et forth in the faid refpeftive Schedules ; and that the faid feveral Schedules, and all and every the Roles, Regulations, Exceptions, Exemptions and Abatements therein refpe&ively fpecified and contained, (nail be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Ad to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and the faid Rates, Duties apd Taxes (hall be in lieu and inftead and in full Satisfaftioo of all Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, upon and in refped of the like Articles, matters and things, except fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes as have been or (hall or may be granted or impofed for certain local Purpofes in Ireland, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament, and which Rates, Duties and Taxes are or may be appropriated to fuch local Purpofes, by the Ad or Ads by which the fame are or (hall be granted or impofed, or by any other Ad or Ads*

111. Provided always, and be it enaded. That every Afleflment and Charge of the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refped of Fire Hearths, and other Firing Places, or Stoves, and Windows or Lights, Male Servants, and other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of anv of them which (hall have been made, and alto every Ad or Ads which (hall have been done or performed by any Officer in relation to the fame, at any time fince the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and before the paffing of this Ad purfuant to the Regulations and Provifions of any Ad or Ads hereinbefore recited and repealed, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effedual, to all Intents aod Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been made, charged, done and performed after the Commencement and under and purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Officers and all other Perfons duly authorized to ad, proceed, do and perform every matter and thing on and in refped of fuch AfiefTments, Charges or other Ads done and performed as aforefaid, as if the fame had been made, done, charged or performed after the Commencement and under the Provi-fion and the Regulations in this Ad for that Purpofe contained*

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Ad and the feveral Schedules hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, (hall be paid and payable and received and receivable according to the Amount thereof in Britijb Currency, and that all and every the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, the neceflary Charges of raffing and accounting for the fame being deduded, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers or other Perfon who now is or are or hereafter (hall be appointed by or ading under the Orders or Diredions of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, for the charging, afleffing, colleding or fuperintending the charging, mfleffing or CoQedkm of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them at any rime in the Day time, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock to the Forenoon and Suofet, to enter into any Houle and into

every

Dutiti in lieu of former Duties.

AfiefTments and Proceedings thereon fince Jan. 5,18x6, valid.

6fficers authorised to

Duties paid in Britifli Cur-rency, and carried to Confoli-dated Fund.

Officers may enter Houfesto afeertain Number of Hearths and Windows.

MS

C. 57.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

If Admittance be not obtained, Officers to leave Notice.

Occupiers reefing Admittance.

Penalty.

Potting Notice. Officer not admitted.

Penalty.

Admittance to any Apartment (except the Kitchen or Outhoufe) may be refufed if a Charge for One Hearth and Three Windows be allowed. .

every Outhoufe, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, and into the feveral Apartment* and Places therein, and to take Information from his own View and Survey of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places, ufed for Firing and Stoves therein; and alfo of the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and fuch Houfe, Office or Edifice (haU be charged accordingly with the Rates and Taxes, in refpedt of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places ufed for Firing and Stoves, and of Windows or Lights therein; and if any fuch Officer or Officers, or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, fhall not on Demand of Entrance, by knocking or otherwife, obtain Admittance into any fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, or after Admittance (hall not be fuffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein refpe&ively, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as afore (aid, and he is required to leave a Notice at fuch Houfe with any Perfon refident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years, fettmg forth that fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid will attend at fuch Houfe at a certain Day and Hour, to be fpecified in fuch Notice, fuch Hour to be within the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein refpe&ively ; and if fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall not at the time mentioned in fuch Notice obtain Admittance into fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein into which he (hall require to be admitted, the Occupier of fuch Houfe or the Perfon deemed the Occupier within the Provifion of this A&, as the cafe may be, (hall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if no Perfon (hall appear at fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice from whom fuch Officer or other Perfoo as aforefaid can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom fuch Notice can be ferved, then fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall and he ib hereby required to poll fuch Notice as aforefaid on the Door of fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice; and if fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall not at the time mentioned in fuch Notice be admitted into fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice and into every Apartment and Place therein, then the Occupier thereof fhall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Perfon who (hall attend fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid upon fuch Survey may refufe to admit fuch Officer or other Perfon into any Room or Apartment, except the fame be a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhoufe, upon fuch Perfon who (hall fo attend con* fenting that the Tax in refped of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows (hall be charged for fuch Room or Apartment; and in fuch cafe every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall accordingly charge fuch Houfe with the Tax for One Fire Hearth and Three Windows for every fuch Room or Apartment, and no more, unlefs it (hall be afeertained by fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid, without entering into fuch Room or Apartment, that the fame contains a* greater Number of Fire Hearths, Filing Places or Stoves than One, or a mater Number of Windows or Lights than Three, and fuch Tax (ball be paid accordingly*

VII. Pic

A.D. 1816

56° GEO.IIL

C.57.

285

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadtd, That where any Houfe or any Part thereof is or (hall be let in different Apartments to any Perfon or Perfons* the Owner of fuch Houfe fo letting the fame or for whofe Benefit fuch letting is made, (hall be deemed the Occupier thereof, and (hall be charged with and be liable to pay the Rates* Doties and Taxes in refpe& of the Fire Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places* and of the Windows or Lights in fuch Houfe* with every Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed* That the Rates* Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths* Firing Places and Stoves* and on Windows or Lights* and on Houfes in refped thereof* (hall be charged on and payable by the Occupiers of fuch Houfes refpe&ively* or the Perfons having the Right to occupy the fame: refpe&ively, and (hall and may be levied at any time by Diflrefs and Sale or the Good? and Chattels of fuch Occupier or Perfon having the Right aforefaid* during whofe Occupancy or Right thereto* inch Rates* Duties or Taxes had incurred* and that any Arrear of fuch Rates* Duties and Taxes not exceeding Two Years* Amount* exclufive of the Rates* Duties and Taxes of the current Year in which a Diflrefs (hall be made* and no more* (hall and may be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any fubfequent Occupier of fuch Houfe.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Occupier of every Houfe in which* with any Outhoufe* Office or other Edifice appertaining thereto* there fhall be T wo or more Hearths or Places for Firing* or Stoves* or Seven or more Windows or Lights, fhall* when required by any fuch Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid* make due and immediate Declaration and Return of the greatefl Number of Hearths* Fire Places or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights refpe&ively* which were in his or her Houfe, with every Outhoufe, Office or other Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto* on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding* or between the faid Day and the time of making fuch Declaration or Return* and fhall within' Fourteen Days next after any additional Hearth, Fire Place* Stove or Window or Light fhall be made or opened* deliver or caufe to be delivered to fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized' as aforefaid* or in his Abfence to the Colle&or of Excife of the Di drill in which fuch Houfe is fituate* a true Lift or Account in Writing* under his or her Hand* of every fuch additional Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, and Window or Light refpe&ively; and if any fuch Occupier fhall refufe or negle& to make or deliver fuch Declaration or Return* Lift or Ac* count* or fhall make any undue or falfe Declaration or Return* Lift or Account, fuch Occupier fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds* together with a Sum equal to double the Rate* Duty or Tax which he or (he ought other wife by Law to be charged with in refpc£t of Hearths* Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights* as the cafe may be; and if at any time any greater Number of Hearths* Fire Places or Staves, or Windows or Lights* fhall be d&overed. in any Houfe* or in any Outhoufe* Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto* or occupied therewith* than the Numbers refpeHively expreffed in fuch,Declaration or Return* Lift, ctr Account* it fhall be taken and received as fufficient Proof of a fai/e or untrue Declaration or Return* or Account^ unlefs due -Srpfff be Jtytde by, fuch.Occupier that the Hearth*. Eire. Place or

Stove*

Owners of Houfes let in Apartments deemed Occupiers.

Goods of Occupiers liable te Duties.

Diflrefs.

Occupiers having Two Hearths or Seven Windows or more, to make, when required, a Return of the greatefl Number, and afterwards give Notice of additional ones.

Default.

Penalty.

Greater Number of Windows, than ftatedufed.

Proof of falfe Declaration.

Duties charged for the whole Year for fuch Hearths and Windows as (hall be in the Houle on the 6th Jan. aud all additional •nw.

Evading Duty by flopping up Fire Places or Windows.

Penalty.

What (hall be deemed a flopping up.

Perfons keeping Carriages, Servants, Horfes and Dogs, to deliver a Lift thereof when required, fpecifying certain Particulars.

C.57.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1816.

Stove, Window or Light, fo exceeding had been made or opened within Fourteen Days next previous to fuch Difcovery.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the Rates, Duties and Taxet in refpeft of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, (hall be charged for the whole Year, commencing on the Sixth Day of January, for fuch Number of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, as (hall on the Sixth Day of January in any fuch Year be in any Houfe, or in any Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, and alfo for any and every additional Fire Hearth or other Place for Firing or Stove, and Window or Light, which at any time after the Sixth Day of January in any Year (hall be in or be made or opened in any fuch Houfe, or m any Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto ; and that if any Perfon, in order to evade the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax m refpeft of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, payable within fuch Year, (hall (lop up, deface, cover or conceal any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light chargeable with the faid Rate, Duty or Tax, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax for the fame re-fpeftively s Provided always, that the Proof of the time when any fuch Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light may have been flopped, (hall lie on the Occupier of the Houfe: Provided alfo, that no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light, (hall be deemed to be flopped up, unlefs fuch Hearth, Fire Place or Stove be built up with Stones or Bricks, and Mortar made with Lime, fo as thereby to be wholly unfit for Ufe, or fuch Window or Light be flopped up with the like Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto refpelively is compofed of.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon in Ireland having, keeping, ufing, retaining or employing, or having had, kept, ufed, retained or employed, fince the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, any Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in refpeft of whom or which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or may be impofed by this Aft, or any Aft or Afts at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland; and every Perfon keeping or having kept, retaining or having retained, fince the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, any Servant, Carriage, Horfe, Mare or Gelding to be let to Hire, or letting or having let to Hire any Servant, Carriage, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, fince toe faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, fhall, upon Demand, or within Ten Days next after a particular Notice for that Purpofe (hall be ferved or left, or caufed to be ferved or left at the ufual Place of Refidence of fuch Perfon refpeftively, by any fuch Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid, deliver to fuch Officer or Perfon fo authorized, a true Lifl or Account in Writing under his or her Hand, of every fuch Carriage, and of every fuel Male Servant or other Male Perfon, and of every fuch Horfe, Mare and Gelding, and of every fuch Dog which any fuch Perfon fhall or may have had, kept, ufed, retained or employed, or fhall or may have, keep, ufe, retain or employ, at any time after the laid Fifth

i>»y

A.D.lfclC,

56* GEO. Ill

C.57.

28*

Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, or at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfequent Year; and which faid Lift or Account (hall contain the Name and Surname of the Perfon delivering fuch Lift or Account, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode, at the time of delivering fuch Lift or Account, and of the Place, Parifti, Barony, City, Town and County, as the cafe may be, in which fuch Residence is fituate, and the Description of every fuch Carnage, and the Name and Surname of every fuch Servant or other Male Perfon, and the Capacity in which fuch Servant or other Male Perfon was, is or (hall be, or (hall have been retained or employed, and the Kind and Description of every fuch Dog, and the Ufes and Purpofes for which every fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding was or is or (hall be kept or ufed, letting forth whether any fuch Carriage, Servant or Horfe, Mare or Gelding was hired, or ufed on Hire, and (if any) the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Perfon from or by whom every fuch Servant, Carriage, and Horfe, Mare or Gelding, (hall have been or (hall be let to Hire, and the Period of each letting to Hire of every fuch Servant, Carriage, or Horfe, Mare or Gelding refpeAively; and in every fuch Lift or Account to be delivered by the Perfon or Perfons keeping, or who (hall keep to be let to Hire, or letting, or who (hall Jet to Hire any Servant, or any Carriage, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall fpecify the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons for whofe Ufe or in whofe Service each and every fuch Servant, Carriage and Horfe, Mare or Gelding, (hall have been or (hall be employed on Hire, and the Number of each let to Hire to any fuch Perfon, and the Period of every fuch Letting; and from time to time, as often as any Perfon (hall begin to keep or have any Carnage, or to retain or to employ any Servant or other Male Perfon, or to keep or ufe any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, and alio from time to time, a9 often as any Perfon (hall keep or have an additional Carriage, or (hall retain or employ any additional Servant or other Male Perfon, or (hall keep or ufe any additional Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or any additional Dog, beyond the Number of the fame refpeftively exprefred in any fuch refpe&ive Lift or Account; then every fuch Perfon refpe&ivefy (hall, within Fourteen Days next after fuch Carriage or additional Carriage (hall be kept or come into the PofTeffion of fuch Perfon, or after any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or additional Male Servant or other Male Perfon (hall be retained or employed, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, or any additional Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, fhaU be kept or ufed by fuch Perfon, in like manner delivered to the faid Officer, or Perfon authorized as aforefaid, a like Lift or Account of every fuch Carriage, Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, and of every fuch additional Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, as the cafe may be; and if any fuch Perfon (hall negleA or refufe to deliver, in manner aforefaid, any fuch Lift or Account as is hereinbefore required, or (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe Lift dr Account of the matters and things aforefaid, or any of them, or if at any time any fuch Perfon (hall Keep, retain or employ, or ufe any greater Number of Carriages or Servants, or Male Perfons, or Horfes, Mares or Geldings, or Dogs, being refpe&ivelv liable to Duty, than (hall he exprtifed and mentioned in fuch Lift or Account, delivered br

fucn

Whit the Lift to contain.

Lift to contain Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon in whofe Service fuch Servant, Carriage, ftiall be employed

Additional Carriages, tec. employed.

A like Lift.

Neg1edtng,*c. to deliver Lift.

Greater Number of Carriages, 4c. kept than ftated in Lift.

C. 57.

S6° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Penalty.

Duty on Servants, Carriages or Horfe* let to Hire, to be paid hy the Perfons ufing them, unleft paid by the Perfons letting tfiem.

Sic.

Notice affixed on Church Doors, Ire. of every Pariih, requiring Perfons to deliver Lifts of Carriages, Servants and Horfes, Ire kept by them.

fuch Perfon, or (hall keep, retain, employ or ufe any Carriage* Servant, Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, refp<&-ively liable to Duty, not expreffed or mentioned in fuch Lift or Account, every fuen Perfon mall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Rate or Tax in refpe& of any fuch Carriage, Servant, Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, as the cafe may be, of which fuch Perfon (hall have negie&ed or refufed to deliver a Lift or Account in manner required by this A&, or of or in refpedfc to which any fuch Perfon (hall have delivered or (hall deliver any undue or falle Lift or Account.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That where any Servant, Car-riage or Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall be let to Hire, and the Perfon ufing fuch Servant, Carriage or Horfe, Mare or Gelding on Hire, (hall not make fuch Lift or Return, as is hereinbefore re-quired, then and in fuch cafe the Rates, Duties and Taxes chargeable in refpedt of each and every fuch Servant, Carriage and Horfe, Mare or Gelding refpe&ively, for One Year, (hall and may be charged upon, and (hall be paid by the Perfon ufing fuch Servant, Carriage or Horfe, Mare or Gelding on Hire, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Negleft or Omiffion as aforefaid, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons by whom luch Servant, Carriage or Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall have been let to Hire, (hall have been duiy charged for fuch Servant, Carriage and Horfe, Mare or Gelding refpeckively; and in every cafe where the faid Rates, Duties or Taxes (hall be chargeable on the Perfon ufing fuch Servant, Carriage and Horfe, Mare or Gelding on Hire, ana making Default of Return as afore* faid, fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall he charged upon fnch Perfon in refpeft of each fuch Servant, Carriage or Horfe, Mare or Gelding fo ufed on Hire, in like manner as if fuch Servant, Car* riage or Horfe, Mare or Gelding had not been hired, but had been ufed, kept, retained or employed hy fuch Perfon without f have been hired to him or her refpe&ively.

XIII.	And he it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may he lawful to and for every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as afore-faid, and fuch Officer or other Perfon fo authorized (hall and is hereby required, within Sixty Days after the paffing of this A ft, and within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fevenleen, and in uke manner within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January in each and every fubfequent Year, (or at fuch other times as the Commiffioners of Inland Exdfe and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, (hall from time to time dire&, order and appoint,) to affix or caufe to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market Houfe, or Public School Houfe (if any fuch there (hall be) of every ParifKt or Place within the refpeoive Walks or Divifions of fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, or in fuch of the Parilhes or Places as (hall he preferibed and dire&ed hy the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, (and if any Parifh or Place (hall not have a Church or Chapel, Market Houle, or Public School Honfe, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market Houfe of the neareft or adjoining Pariih,) a General Notice (igned by fuch Officer or other Perfon in fuch Form as (hall have been or (hall be dire&ed by the (aid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, requiring that all

Perfoxw



66* GEO. III.

C. 57.

*87

elm reS&g in the faid Parifh or Place liable to the laid Rates, wtkt or Taxes or any of them, (hall make oat and deliver Lifts Abb—Ci of Carriages Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Jpr Gddmgs and Dogs, directed to or for the faid Officer, ■jr for the (aid Perfon authorized as aforefaid, at fome Houfe y within the faid Pari(h or Place, to be fpeeified in fuch within Twenty one Day! next after the Date of fuch Notice, I Afe general Notice (hall from time to time, when the fame (haU Atd, be deemed a Requifition or Demand upon every Perfon ns fuch Pariih or Place, to deliver fuch Lifts or Accounts within faid Space of Twenty one Days accordingly; and if any Peris foeb Parifti or Place (hall negleft or refufe to make out and rwe (ueh Lift or Account at the Houfe or Place mentioned in jfta Notice, directed in manner aforefaid, within the faid Space of svatyone Days, or (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe Lift or Pont, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the mof Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the it*, Duty or Tax in refpeft of any Carriage, Servant, Male Perky Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, as the cafe may be, of lid (uch Perfon (hall have neglefted or refufed to deliver a Lift i’ Account in manner required by this Aft, or of which any Perns Cull have delivered or (hall deliver any undue or falfe Lift or .const, and all Perfons (hall be liable to (uch Penalty for not com-yof with fuch general Notice, whether, any particular Notice TODg any fuch Lift (hall have been delivered or left to or for A Perfon or not, and if fuch general Notice fo affixed (hall be smottd or defaced at any time during the faid Space of Twenty mt Days, every fuch Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid, haQ caafe a fanfar Notice to be fo affixed, and fo from time to ineu often as Oecafion (hall require during the faid Space of JVnry one Days; and any Perfon who (hall wilfully tear, deface r obliterate aay Inch Notice fo affixed, (hall forfeit for every fuch Meuot a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Five founds, at the Difcretion of the Court or Juftice before whom udi Perfon (hall be convifted of fuch Offence.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That whether ad general Notice (hall be pofted or not as aforefaid, fuch Officer w Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall from time to time ferve or save, or caufa to be ferved or left, particular Notices at the ufual ’bet of Abode or Refidence of every Perfon in his proper Walk, Xhifion or Diftrift, liable or fuppofed to be liable to the Rates, and Taxes on Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Per-oitt, dories, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, or any of them, requiring dl luck Perfons refpeftively to deliver to fuch Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid the feveral Lifts and Accounts which fuch Period is by this Aft required to deliver, within Ten Days next afar Inch Notice (hall be ferved or left as aforefaid, and all and Perfon making Default in delivering fuch Lifts or Accounts ch Ten Days (hall be liable to the Penalties hereinbefore by iaftifted, for not complying with fuch particular Notice, wbefter say fuch general Notice as aforefaid (hall have been pofted or not

XV. Asd be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall deli-or Account required by this Aft as aforefaid, and who

(hall

Such Notice deemed a Demand to deliver

Lift.

Negleding to deliver fuch Lids or making falfe Lifts.

Penalty.

Removing or defacing Notices.

Penalty.

Notice to be left at Dwelling Houfes.

Default in delivering Lifts.

Penalty.

Perfons keeping Carriages, &c. at more Places

2*8

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

than one to Return the whole Number,

and fpecify Places where Carriage*, &c. kept.

Declaration of Places where Perfons charged intend to pay, figned.

Default.

Penalty.

Owners of Houfes to give a Lift of the Car riages, &c. kept hy their Lodgers.

Penalty.

Notice to he read to Lodgers who are to declare whether thcv are liable to the Duty.

(hall keep, ufe, retain or employ any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, in any other Place in Ireland than the Place where fuch Lift or Account (hall he delivered, (hall in every fuch Lift or Account fet forth the whole Number of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs kept or ufed, retained or employed by fuch Perfon in Ireland, in order that fuch Perfon may be charged for the fame according to the Rate chargeable on the greateft Num. ber retained or kept in the whole, and fuch Perfon (hall fpecify the Places with the Parifti and Barony, County, Town or City in which the fame (hall be (ituate, where each fuch Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfons, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, (hall be at the time when fuch Perfon (hall deliver fuch Lift or Account, and (hall make and fign a Declaration of the Parifti or Place in the County, Town or City in which fuch Perfon intends to pay for all fuch Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, and on Proof of Payment by any Perfon of the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refpe& of all luch Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, in any one Parifti or Place, by Produ&ion of the Receipt figned by the Collector to whom the Payment (hall have beep made, or of a Certificate by fuch Colle&or, fuch Perfon (hall be acquitted from the Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes refpe&ively, in any other Parifti or Place in Irelands and if any Perfon (hall neglc& or ref ufe to fet forth fuch Particulars as are hereby required in fuch Lifts or Accounts, fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

‘ XVI. And Whereas Difficulties may arife in ffifcovering

* Lodgers or Inmates in Houfes liable to pay the faid Rates,

*	Duties and Taxes, in refpe& of Carriages, Male Servants and other € Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and DogsBe it therefore ena&ed, That the Owner of any Houfe lotting the fame, or any Part thereof, to any Lodger or Lodgers in which any Lodger or Inmate (hall refide, who mall keep, retain, employ or ufe any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, (hall deliver to any fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice ferved by fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, by leaving or caufing to be left the fame at the Houfe of* fuch Perfon as aforefaid, a true Lift or Account in Writing under the Hand of fuch Owner expreffing the Name and Surname of every fuch Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog kept, retained, employed or ufed by fuch Lodger or Inmate, to the heft

• of the Knowledge and Information of fuch Owner ; and if any fuch Owner (hall negle& or refufe to deliver fuch Lift or Account as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully omit or mifreprefent any Defcriprioo which ought to be contained therein, or (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe Lift or Account, every fuch Perfon fo offending IhaU for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Owner as aforefaid in whofe Houfe any Perfon liable to the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hall refide as a Lodger or Lunate, (hall for the Purpofe of making an accurate Lift or Return caufe the

16	Contents

A.D.1S1G.

56° GEO. III.

289

C. 57.

Content* of the Notice left at hi* or her Houfe to be read over and made known to seach and every fuch Lodger or Inmate, reauiri/ig them refpedively to declare to him or her and atteft fuch Lift or Return to be made, whether fuch Lodger or Inmate be liable to the (aid Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any and which of them, or whether fuch Lodger or Inmate, hath another Place of ordinary Residence, where he or (he intends to be charged, and every fuch Lodger or Inmate being thereunto required (hall be obliged to make foch Declaration; and if any fuch Lodger or Inmate (hall negled or refufe to make Declaration, or to atteft the Lift or Return to be made thereof, every fuch Lodger or Inmate (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fucb Owner as aforefaid, by whom any fuch Declaration ought to be required, (hall negled to require the fame, or to whom any fuch Declaration (hall be made, (nail negled to infert the fame in the JLift or Return to be made or delivered by fuch Owner as aforefaid, purfuant to this Ad, every fuch Perfon (o offending (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon occupying or owning any Houfe, fubjed to any Rate, Duty or Tax in refped of Fire Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, or keeping, uiing, retaining or employing any Carriage, or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare, Gelding or any Dog, upon or in refped of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be payable as aforefaid, (hall be abfent from the Place of her or his Abode at the time of the Service or polling of fuch Notice requiring fuch Lift or Account as aforefaid, then a Lift or Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in any Houfe belonging to fuch Perfon, and of any and every Carriage or Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or Dog, kept, ufed, retained or employed by fuch Perfon, made out and fub-fenbed by the Ag?nt, Steward, Houfekeeper or Servant of fuch Perfon fo abfent, ancf delivered as aforefaid, (hall be to all Intents and Purpofes of the fame Effed as if fuch Lift or Account were made out and fubferibed and delivered by the Perfon owning or occupying fuch Houfe, or keeping, ufing or employing any Tuch Carnage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Geld-ing or Dog refpedively, as the cafe may be; and in cafe fuch Lift or Account (hall be an undue Lift or Account, the fame (hall fubjed fuch Occupier, Owner or Perfon, keeping, retaining or employing fuch Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Matt* Gelding or Dog refpedively, to the like Payments and Penalties as if the lame had been made and fubferibed by him-felf or herielf refpedively.

XIX* And be it further enaded. That fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall not be bound by any Lift or Account which (hall be delivered to them refpedively, but (hall be at Liberty, if they (hall find, upon due Examination, that any Perfon, Defcription, Article, matter or thing, which ought to be contained in iuch Lift or Account, is or are omitted or untruly ftated therein, to make a true Affeffment and Charge upon every fuch Perfon, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, of the real Charge which ought to be impofed on fuch Perfon.

S6GtQ.ni.	U	XX. And

Penalty.

Owner neglecting.

Penalty.

In cafe of Ab-fence of Perfofts liable, their Agenta nr Servants may make and deliver Lilts,

to be of the fame Effect as if delivered by Owners, and liable to lame Penalties*

Officers not bound by any Lift delivered which proves defective.

CL5T.

GEO. III.

A. I

Officers to make AfteflTments where Lifts are ncglefted to be delivered.

Oath or Affir-

taltiop. .

f Sit.

Provifo.

Perfons on whom Notice frail be ferved keeping no Car. riages,&c. frail fign a Declaration that they do not.

Negle&ing.

Penalty.

Officers may (urchsrge.

Notice.

XX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon f gleft or refufe to make out, fign and deliver any fuch Lift or A as is in this Aft direfted within the refpeftive times ia tl mentioned, then the Officer or other Perfon authorized a< faid (hall, from the beft Information he can obtain, make an ment or Charge upon fuch Perfon, of the faid Rates, Dut Taxes, for and in refpeft of every Male Servant or other Ma fon. Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, ufed, r or employed by him or her as aforefaid, and every fuch Aft and Charge fo made upon any fuch Ncgleft or Refufal, (hall I and conctufive upon the Perfon thereby charged, who fluO i at Liberty to controvert the fame, unlefs fuch Perfon /hall due Proof on Oath, or if a Quaker an f Affirmation, that he< was not at his or her Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode a time of the Delivery of fuch Notice, nor between that Day tot time limited for delivering fuch Lift or Account a« tfomnid unlefs fuch Perfon (hall allege and prove fuch other Eicdc for having delivered in his or her Lift or Account, as the kid 0 miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of ft (hall in their Judgment think reasonable and fuffident: Proti always, that no (uch Excufe (hall be admitted to be alkgft proved until the Perfon alleging the fame (hall have delivered Lift or Account as is required by this Aft,

XXL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, Tbit if Perfon upon whom any fuch Notice (hall be ferved to return i or Account of Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfe, Mi Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them, (hall not os Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of fuch Notice, 1 had, kept, retained, ufed or employed any Male Servant or 0 Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage any Dog, or (hall not, between that Day and the time of the/ ▼ice of fuch Notice, have had, kept, retained, ufed or mplo any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, M« Gelding, or any Carriage, or any Dog, every fuch Perfa f neverthelefs make and deliver a Declaration in Writing, fobfi by fych Perfon, fetting forth that fuch Perfon had not, ( Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of fuch Node at any time between the faid Day and the time of the Sen fuch Notice, kept, retained, ufed or employed any Mils S or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, o Carriage, or any Dog ; and if any fuch Perfon (hall wglea or to make and deliver fuch Declaration within Fourteea Days after the Service of fuch Notice, every fuch Perfon (hall, for I fuch Negleft or Omiffion, forfeit the Sum of Twenty PooiKki XXII. And be it further enhfted, That it (hall aBdaM lawful for every Officer or other Perfon authorized as «£*■ to furcharge any Perfon with the Rates, Duties and Tax« bjfl Aft granted or any of. them, beyond the Rates, Dudes and IB or any of them, with which fuch Perfon (hall have been pitrl charged ; and fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall give or caufei given to the Party furcharged a Notice of fuch Surcharge, by ing or caufing fuch Notice to be left at the ufual Place of Aba fuch Party, m the Diftrift where fuch Surcharge (hall be fl fuch Notice to be ftgned by fuch Officer or other Perfon

*5

A.D. 1S1«.	56®	GEO,	IIL	C.	57.

ftudl have made fuch Surcharge, and to contain the Particulars of fuch Surcharge and the Amount thereof; and every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid is hereby empowered to make any fuch Surcharge at any time during the Year, for the whole of fuch Year; and if any Perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf refpedively aggrieved or overcharged by any fuch Surcharae, it Aail and may be lawful for the Party fo furcharged reflectively forthwith to make his or her Complaint to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\ and the faid Commiffioners fhaH and they are hereby authorized and required to enquire into the matter of fuch Complaint, by ordering the fame to be inveftigated by and before fuch Officer or Officers or other Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, (hall for that Purpofe appoint, and fuch Officer or Officers and other Perfon or Perfons lo appointed, are hereby authorized and required to hear fuch Complaint, and to examine upon Oath as well the Party fo complaining as the Officer or other Perfon who fhall have made fuch Surcharge; and alfo all fuch WitnefTes as fhall be produced by either of the faid Parties thereupon, or upon other due Proof, to report to the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, whether fuch Officer or Officers or other Perfon or Perfons fo making fuch Enquiry are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it fhall and may be lawful to and tor the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, to make fuch Order in the matter m fhall appear to them to be juft and reasonable; and every fuch Surcharge, or to much thereof as fhall be confirmed by the faid Com-miffioners, or any Three of them, fhall ftand good and remain Part of the annual Charge and AflefTment againft the Party fo complaining, who fhall pay the Amount fo confirmed within One Calendar Month after the Confirmation of the fame; and if upon the Invefti-gation of fuch Complaint it fhall appear that the Perfon fo com-plaining is or ought to be further charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in fuch Surcharge, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, to order and dirc& that fuch Perfon (hall be further furcharged with and in refpeft of the matter or thing or the Amount of the Sum omitted, and the Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid fhall charge the fame againft fuch Perfon, who fhall pay the Amount within One Calendar Month next after fuch further Surcharge fhall be made; and if any fuch Perfon fhall make Default of fuch Payment of any fuch Surcharge or further Surcharge refpe&ively, every fuch Perfon fo making Default fhaD and may be proceeded againft in the like manner in every refpe£t and for die like Penalties, as if fuch Surcharge or further Surcharge relpe&vely, as the cafe may be, had been the original Charge againft fuch Perfon, and unpaid by him or her.

XXIII.	And he it furtner enaded, That every Perfon or Perfons itqwd to make or deliver any Lift or Account under the Provi-fims of thia Ad, and claiming to be within any of the Exemptions nHowfed by Law from any of the faid Rates and Taxes, or claiming to be entitled to any Abatement of the fame, fhall make a due Return thereof, and declare the Caufe or Grounds of fuch Exemption nr Abatement, fuch Declaration to be Specified in or annexed to the UiI or Account to be by fuch Perfon or Perfons delivered ; and if buy Difptite or Difference fhall in any Inftance arife whether the

U 2	Perfon

891

And Perfons aggrieved may complain to the Commiffioners.

Examination on Oath.

Commiffioners may make Order,

and may direft Surcharge.

Default of Payment.'

Proceedings

Grounds of E«-emption from Duty to be <*•» dared.

292

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Errors in Charge of Duty may be refilled If Application be made within XI Months.

Perfon or Perfons be entitled to fuch Exemption or Abatement, the Proof thereof, and of the Circumftance of fuch Exemption or Abatement, (hall lie on the Perfon claiming fuch Exemption or Abatement, and not on the Officer charging or afieffing fuch Rates and Taxes.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Error (hall be difcovered in any Charge again!! any Perfon by a Duty, or a greater Amount of Duty, being charged againft fuch Perfon, than ought to have been charged, it (lull and may be lawful for fuch Perfon, within Twelve Calendar Months after the time when fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes had been or (hall have been charged again!! and ought to have been paid purfuant to fuch Charge by fuch Perfon, and not afterwards, to make his or her Complaint before the laid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the matter of fuch Complaint, and upon Proof being made to their Satisfa&ion, to relieve the Party fo complaining of fuch or fo much of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes as (hall appear to have been unduly charged or overcharged; and if fuch Rates and Taxes (hall have been paid, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to repay the lame, or fuch Part thereof as (hall appear to have been unduly charged, or to have been overcharged*

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall from time to time enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the Number and kind of Carriages by him or her built and con-itru&ed for Sale ; and alfo the Number and kind of Carriages which fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall part with, fell or dif-pofe of at Second Hand on his or her own Account, whether the fame (hall have been repaired or altered by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and alfo of the Number and kind of Carriages kept by him or her for Sale, although the fame may not have been built by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, didinguiffiing the Number of Wheels of each and if with lefs than Four Wheels, whether conftru&ed to be drawn by Two Horfes, and tbe Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Perfons to whom fold, parted with or difpofed of refpe&ively, and the particular Day on which each Carriage was delivered or lent out of the Shop or Ware-houfe, Yard or other Place of fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages ; and every Perfon felling Carriages by Au&ion or on Com-miflion (hall keep a like Book, and in like manner enter in the fame the Number and kinds of Carriages kept for Sale, and fold by fuch Perfon, diftinguifhing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which fuen Carnages were fold, and to whom they were fold refpe&ively ; and every Livery Stable Keeper or other Perfon receiving any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage to ftaad at Livery, (hall alfo from time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horfe fo (landing at Livery, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon by or on whofe behalf fuch Carriage or Horfe had been fo fent or delivered, and the time of the fending

Which Accounts of the fame refpe&ively ; all which Books (hall at all feafouabk may be mfpedt- times in the Daytime be open to the Infpe&ion of any fuch ed>	Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforelaid, and fuch Officer

or other Perfon authorized as aforelaid (hall hare power to enter

Cbachmakers to enter in a Book the Number and De-feription of Car-riagei made by them, See.

Perfons felling Carriages by Au&ion, &c. to keep an Account :

Livery Stable Keepers alfo to keep an Account :

A.D. 1816.

36° GEO. Ill

C. 57.

SOS

into the Houfc, Manufactory, Work Shop, Stables and other Buildings and Places of every fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Car* riagrs and other Perfons refpc&ively as aforefaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and of all Horfes fo at Livery as aforefaid, and to fitisfy himfelf of the Truth of fuch Entries in any fuch Books refpe&ively; and every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages and other Perfon hereby required to keep fnch Account refpe&ively, (hall monthly (that is to fay) within Twenty one Days next after the Fifth Day of each and every Month m each and every Year, deliver to the Collector of Exciie or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt in which fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Perfon refpeCtively, (hall carry on bis or her Bufinefs, or to fuch other Officer or Perfon as the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, fhall direCt and appoint to receive the fame, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in fuch Book or Books re-fpeCtively within the Month ending on fuch Fifth Day of the Month, containing the 'matters and things before directed; and when required fo to do by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any One of them, or by the Collector of Excife or other Officer in Cham of the Collection of fuch DiftriCt, every fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Perfon, or his or her Chief Servant, Workman or Manager (hall make Oath, or being a Quaker an Affirmation, of the Truth of fuch Account according to the heft of his or her knowledge and belief, and every fuch Copy of the Account to be delivered by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Other Perfon (hall, to the bed of his or her knowledge and belief, exprefs the Name and Names of every Perfon required to be entered in fuch Account, and the Place or Places of his, her or their ufual Refidence ; and if any fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Perfon fhall aegle6t to keep fuch Account or to deliver fuch Copy thereof, or (hall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or ihaU refufe to admit any fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, into the Houfe, Manufactory, Work (hop, Stable or other Buildings or Place of or ufed by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Perfon, at a reafonable Hour in the Daytime, for the Purpofes aforefaid, fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt or other Officer in charge of the Collection thereof, or other Officer or Perfon who (hall be directed or appointed as aforefaid to receive fuch Account; to whom fuch Account as aforefaid (ball be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Perfon felling Carriages as aforefaid, (hall forthwith tranfmit to the (everal Officers or otter Perkins authorized as aforefaid within his DiftriCt, an Account of all fuch Duties as (hail be due from any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Perfons felling Carriages within the Walk of fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, who is hereby refpeCtively empowered and required to demand, receive and colleCt the (aid Duties accordingly, in fuch Planner and with fuch Power and Authorities to all Intents and Poippib as any other Rates, Duties or Taxes under this A€t

U 3	maj

Copy of Accounts of Coach-makers, &c. to be delivered mouthy to the Coin dor of the Diftrid.

Oath or Affirmation of Truth of Account.

Coachmaker neglecting to keep Account, &c.

Penalty.

Duties payable by Co^chmakers, fcc.to be collected hy the proper Officer.

*94

C.S7.

5«° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Permit for the Conveyance of Carriage from Houfe of die Coachmaker, he. to be obtained.

Removing with* out Permit.

Penalty. Carriage* imported to be pro* perly deferibed in the Entry.

Copy of Entry fent to the Cuftoms.

Such Carriage found removing without Permit.

Seisure or Payment of aoL

may be demanded, received and collefted under or by virtue of this Aft.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any Carnage Audi be ibid or difpofed of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages by Auftion or on Cotn-miffion, ftich Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Seller (hall, before fuch Carriage Audi be fent put of or from his or her Shop, Warehoufc or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excife in the Diftrift, by delivering or caufing to be delivered a Requeft Note or Requifition in Writing duly damped according to Law, for a Permit to Convey fuch Carriage to the Perfon to whom the fame Audi have been parted with, ibid or difpofed of by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages; and fuch Officer fiiall forthwith without Delay grant fuch Permit accordingly without Fee or Reward, dating the nature or kind and Description of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages, and of the Perfon to whom the fame is to be conveyed; and if any Carriage fo fold or difpofed of (hall be removed out of or from tne Shop, Warehoufe or Concern of any fuch Coachmaker, Maker of Carnages or Seller of Carriage, without fuch Permit duly obtained as aforefaid, fuch Coachmaker, Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages Audi forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That whenever any Carriage which by this Aft is or by any other hereafter to be in force In Ireland mall be liable to any Rate, Duty or Tax, under the Management of the Commiffionert of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, Aiall be imported into Ireland, the Entry which dull be made of fuck Carriage at the Port of Importation Audi contain the Description of fuch Carriage, diftinguifhing the Number of Wheels, and if with leis than Four Wheels whether conftrufted to be drawn by Two Horfet or otherwife, fo as to afeertain the faid Rate, Duty or Tax payable in refpeft of fuch Carriage by the Owner thereof, and alfo the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Perfon on whole Account fuch Carriage was imported, and a Copy of fuch Entry Aiall forthwith without Delay be Sent and delivered by the Officer of the Cuftoms making fuch Entry to the proper Officer of Excife in fuch Port of Entry, and fuch Officer of Excife (hall forthwith and without Delay and upon Demand grant a Permit for conveying the fame from the Cuftom Houfe or Place of Entry to the Refidence of the Owner thereof, or to fuch Place as fuch Owner or fome Perfon on his behatf (hall require and direft; and if any fuch Carriage fo imported dull be found without fuch Permit after the fame fliau have been removed from the Cuftom Houfe or Place of Entry, and before it (ball have been placed in the Cuftody of the Owner thereof, or according to his Order or Direftion, fuch Carriage may be Seized by any Officer of Excife or Taxes, and Audi be forfeited, unlefs the Sum of Twenty Pounds Aiall within Twenty one Days next after fuch 8eiaure thereof be paid for the fame to the Colleftor of Excife for the Diftrift in which the fame Aiall be fo feized as aforefaid; One Moiety thereof for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffors, and the other Moiety to .the Officer who Aiall Seize fuch Carriage.

XXIX. And

M3* OEO, IIL

C.S7.

. And be k further enaftcd. That if any Pcrfon {hull refute W declare hie or her Name and Surname and Addition and JbfideBcet being required fo to do by any Owner aa afore-r Houfe, in the whole or in Part kt to Lodgers# or by or Maker of Carriages# or by any Seller of Car-by any Livery Stable Keeper, for the Purpofe of enabling sr, Coach maker or Maker of Carriages# or Seller of Car-m Liwy Stable Keeper refpe&ively, to deliver the Lida, or Accounts* and to make the Entries which fuch Owner# 1 or Maker of Carriages* Seller of Carriages or Livery Keeper is by this AA refpe&ivelv required to deliver ana ms u any Pcrfon (hall give or declare to any fuch Owner# : or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carnages or Livery Casper# any falfe or SAitious Name# Surname# Addition or F Rekdeoce, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for each m any of the cafes aforefaid# forfeit the Sum of Fifty to be paid to the O wner, Coachmaker or Maker of Career of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper# by whom fuch WH have been required to give and declare hh or her Name# _ Addition and Place of Abode# every fuch Penalty never-to be (object to the fame Powers of Mitigation and Reduction other Penalties in this Ad are made fubjed to.

And be it further ena&ed# That the feveral Notices by Ad required to be given in refped of the Rates# Duties and tnralWnrd in this A£fc* or any of them# and the feveral Lifts# or Returns to be delivered purfuant to fuch Notices# and Rooks and Accounts by this Ad required to be kept# and in to be made therein, and alfo the Receipts to be given ddtvered by the Officer to the Perfon paying the faid Rates, “ : and Taxes# or afty of them# on fuch Officer receiving the fame, ' r he in fuch refpedive Form or Forms as the Com-idaod Excife and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of ay from time tQ time order, dired and appoint; and it dull be nacefiary to prove on the Trial of any Complaint or In-touching the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, alar Order, Dire&ioa or Appointment of the (aid Com. or aay Three of them, for or of any fuch Fortn or Forms ‘ j} and if any Perfon who is by this Ad required to keep or Rook% (hall negled or refufe to keep luch Book or fuck Form or Forms as (hall be fo ordered# appointed , every fuch Perfon (hall# for every fuch Offence, forfait I the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

_ SI. And be it further eaaded# That the Stamp Duty on ^JUcepta given by virtue of this Ad, whether including the i Houles not chargeable with anv Duty in refped of i, or the Doty on Dogs or not, (ball be paid by the Party I with the Rate, Duty and Tax in fuch Receipt fpecifted, »g to the full Amount of fuch Receipt# any thing in any I hr the CoUe&ion and Management of Stamp Duties payable on W Exchange* Promiffory Notes, Receipts and Game Certifi-

m L AJ__f A.^ aL^	  1	    il_

im Inland* to the contrary in anywile notwkhftanding.

XXXU. And be k further eaaded# That in all cafes where any whether ftiali be by L.aw chargeable for the Rates# Duties and uahrtfpe&of Fir* Hearths, Fire Places, or Stoves or Windows

•U 4	or

Lodger fufiog t their N Refidea

or givtn fslfe R<

Penahj

Madgsi

Noticei and Ac &c. to 1 Form a mHTion rfireft.

Not ne prove f re&ion

Refufta keep B

Penalty Stamp i ceipta t hy the charged Duty.

Duties i Hearth Wlndo paid by daises

296

•C. 57.

56° GEO. IIL

A.D.I

Their Goods, wherever found, and Goods an the Premires Bible.

Duty on Car* sieges, &c. to be paid to Officer.

Default.

Diftrefs.

Cods of Diftrefs,

be.

If Entrance not obtained. Officer may break open

or-Lights, fuch Perfon (hall pay the (aid Rates, Duties aod 7 on Demand of the proper Officer, made either at the Houfe in re of which fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes are chargeable, or i Dwelling of the Perfon fo chargeable, if the Perfon fo chara (hall not refide at the Houfe in refpedt of which any fuch R Duties or Taxes are chargeable; and all Goods and Chattels d Parties fo chargeable, wherever the fame fhalf be found, and all G and Chattels in the Houfe or the Outhoufes, Offices or Edifices d unto appertaining, in refpe& whereof fuch Rates, Duties and T fhall be due, fubie& to the Limitation hereinbefore provided, U fubje& and liable to the Payment of the faid Rates, Duties Taxes; and in Default of Payment of the faid Rates, Doties Taxes, it fhall be lawful for fuch Officer at any time between Su and Sunfet to make Entry into any or either of fuch Hou/ci, i any Edifices appertaining thereto, and to levy all Sums doe fork Rates, Duties and Taxes in manner hereinafter provided with ripe to the levying the other Rates, Duties and Taxes bnooaftt mentioned.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Ofioerd now is or fhall hereafter be appointed by the Commiffioners of Us Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them for that Purpo/ir, Hull and is hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered to charge, hi colled, recover and receive the feveral Rates, Duties and Tax* Carriages and on Coachmakers or Makers of Carriages, and* Sellers of Carriages, and ou Male Servants or other Male Prrfe and Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, and that every Ped chargeable with and liable to pay the faid Rates, Duties and Til refpe&ively, or any of them, fhall on Demand made at the Houfe i fuch Perfon by any fuch Officer, pay to fuch Officer the feveral a refpe&ive Rates, Duties and Taxes which fuch Perfon fhall be I chargeable with and liable to, and which fhall be then payable ori Arrear; and in cafe of Refufal or Default in Payment thereof ih fuch Demand, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Officer at aoy til in the Daytime, with the Affiflance of a Conftable or other PeN Officer, or if no fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer fhall appN or attend, then without fuch Affiftance, to make Entry into ad upon the Houfe, Office or other Premifes of the Perfon charged! with the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, and to ktf the fame and all Arrears thereof by Diftrefs and Sale of any Godf or Chattels of fuch Perfon ; and in every fuch cafe the Diftrtfifc taken, to keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Cofts and Charge of the Party lo making Default of Payment; and if the faid Partf fhall not within the faid Four Days pay the refpe&ive Stuns fo dir for the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears, and for the Cob and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and keeping them, the faid Diftrefs ibl be fold for Payment of the faid Sums To due as aforefaid, reftffig to the Party the Overplus (if anyl of fuch Money as fuch Goods fhall be fold for, over and above tne Rates, Duties and Tara, and Arrears thereof then due, together with the necefTary and reafouablc Cofts and Charges of taking Tuch Diftrefs, and the keeping and Sale thereof; which Cofts and Charges fhall in no cafe exceed One fourth Fart of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears fo due.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Officer Audi be refilled Admittance into -any fuch Houfe, Qutboufe or

*	Edifice,

D. 1816.

56° GEO. Ill

C. 57.

*97

iifict, arM not on Demand of Entrance by knocking or other-tie (tea Admittance into the feme, or if no Perfon (nail attend 1 ifpar a foch Houfe, Outbonfe or Edifice to give Entrance fa arte whom foch Officer can make demand of Entrance, then 19 every foch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, pa Wunat under the Hand and Seal of the Collector of Excife, iwy Infpe&or of Taxes of the Diftri& in which fuch Houfe, feafe or Edifice (hall be fituate, to break open and enter in the time any fuch Houfe, Outhoufe or Edifice, in the Prefence of a table or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and reed to be aiding and affifting therein, and to levy the fevcral Rates, tea and Taw, or any^of them, which (hall be then due, and the rears thereof, by Diftrefs and Sale in manner before mentioned.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Goods or Chattels adherer belonging to any Perfon or Perfons at any time when any iff fed Rates, Duties or Taxes charged on or affefled upon fuen ion or Perfons may become in Arrear, (hall be liable to he taken virtue of any Execution or other Procefe, Warrant or Authority, by virtue of any Affignment on any Account or Pretence what-x, uidrii the Party at whofe Suit the feid Execution or other ocefs fiufi he feed out, or Seizure made, or to whom fuch Affign-m fluO be made, (hall, before the Sale or Removal of fuch Goods Chattels, pay the feid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or caufe the fame be paid to the Collector of Inland Excife and Taxes of the ftnd in which fuch Goods or Chattels (hall he feized, or other leer in charge of the Collection of fuch DiftriA; and all Arrears foch Rates,Duties and Taxes, not exceeding One Year's Arrears tyood the Duties which (hall be payable for the Year in which fuch eizure (hall he made; and the feid Party at whofe Inftance fuch eizure (hail have been made, paying the feid Collector or other (Sot ia charge of the Collection as aforefaid, the Arrears due of i aforefed Kates, Duties and Taxes for one whole Year, and for r Year in which fuch Seizure (hall he made, may proceed in fuch uure as foch Party might have done if no Rates, Duties or Taxes d been fo due and in Arrear; but in cafe of Nonpayment of the feid ates, Dudes and Taxes, the faid Collector, or other Officer in arge of the Collection as aforefaid, is hereby authorized and relived to dHbaifl fuch Goods and Chattels; notwithftanding fuch inure or Affignment, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, according the Provifioos of this Ad, in order to obtain Payment of a9 rreart of the feid Rates, Duties and Taxes then due and payable, gether with the neceflary and reafonable Colts and Charges lending the Diftrefe, Keeping and Sale of fuch Goods and Chattels; d every foch Colk&or or other Officer fo doing (hall be indemnified virtue of tins Ad.

XXXVI.	And he it further eroded, That where any Perfon or erfoni chargeable with the feid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any i them, lhafi be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any ’aim (b chargeable (hall die, in every fuch cafe the Parent or yarte or Guardians of fuch Minor having Monies or Property )f foch Minor whereout fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes may be paid, nd the Esecutor or Executors, or Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators f the Peifet or Perfons fo dying, having received Aflets fufficient for beFurpofe^ (hallbc and is and are hereby made liable to and charged

with

Houfe, having t Warrant from the Collector of the Diftrid.

Diftrefs.

No Goods taken in Execution (ha'l be fold or takeu away until Duty in Arrear paid.

Officer indemnified.

Guardians and Executors liable to Duties havidj Aflets in tbeir Hands.

Allowed in Account.

Duties levied for the Year; but Quarterly or Half Yearly In-ftalments may be appointed by the Cnmmiflionert in fome Dif-trids.

When Commif-fioners deem it expedient they may require Perfons to pay Duties to Colledor of Diftridt at fuch Places and by fuch In-ftalmeutsas lhall be fpeci6ed in the Dublin Gazette.

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.;

with the Payments which the faid Minor ought to hate tr.zc the Perfon fo dying was chargeable with for or on account t faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and if fuch 1 or Guardian or Guardians, Executor or Executors, Admioiftra Adminiftrators (hall negled or refufe to pay as aforefaid, it (ha may be lawful to proceed again it him, her or them in like mac: again ft any other Perfon or Perfons making Default in Payment« faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of diem; and every Pam Guardian making Payment as aforefaid, (hail be allowed the in his, her or their Accounts, and every Executor and Admkcii (hall be allowed to deduct all fuch Payments out of the A (fetid Perfon fo dying.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That the kid federal R

Duties and Taxes (hall be charged for and aflefled and levied fen whole Year, commencing the Sixth Day of January in each Y and ending on the Fifth Day of January then next talonur: F vided always, that the faid leveral Rates, Duties and Tints ftaQ -may be payable and receivable by Quarterly or Half Yudf left menu in fuch Diftrid* or Places only as the faid Comufivxn Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, (hall for that Pwrf from time to time dired and appoint, fubjed to fuch Orders, Ri Regulations and Diredions with rtfped thereto, and to the tak levying and colle&ing of the fame, as the laid Commiffinaen any Three of them, (nail from time to time thiak fit to make appoint,	|

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Conundfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes (hall deem it expea to authorize and empower all or any Perfon or Perfons to pay to Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes, or other Officer in charg the Colledion of the Diftrid, in fuch Places as the faid Commiffia (hall think fit, the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or I Part thereof, which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be chargeable ^ and liable to pay, it (hall and may be lawful for the kid C sniffioners fo to do, and for that Purpofe the faid Commiffiouers £ caufe Notice to be given under their Hands, or under the Hand any Three of them, by Publication in the Dubtin Gazette* that k been deemed expedient by them to allow the faid Ratee, Duties. Taxes to be paid to and received by fuch Colledor, or other Ofi in charge as aforefaid, in fuch Places as (hall be therein fpecifiedt a from and after the time that fuch Notice (hall have been given in Dublin Gazette as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for ^nr Per within the Place or Places fo fpecified to pay to the Colledor Inland Excife and Taxes, or other Officer in charge of the Colled of the Diftrid in which fuch Perfon (hall refide, the feveral R*i Duties and Taxes with which fuch Perfon (hall be diarteable, or a Inftalment thereof, in the Year in which fuch Notice 2haU berm and the Receipt of fuch Colledor or other Officer (hall be a fcfick Difcharge to luch Perfon for the Rates, Duties or Taxes which or (he (hall have fo paid, and upon Proof made to the Colledor the Taxes of fuch Payment, by Produdion of the Receipt, figt by the Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes, or other Officer charge as aforefaid, to whom fuch Payment (hall have been made, other fuffiejent Proof thereof, fuch Taxes which (haU have been faid (hall not be levied by the Colledor of the Taxes.

XXXIX.	A

A.D. ISIS.	58°	GEO.	III.	C. 67*

XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon chargeable with aad liable to pay any of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them refpe&iveiy, (hall not pay the Came to the Officer empowered to colle& the feme, within One Calendar Month after Notice, in the Name of fuch Officer, (hall have been given to fuch Perfon, or left at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Perfon, requiring him or her to pay fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes, every fuch Perfon /hall for every Negle& or Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Rates, Duties or Taxes which /hall be then due and owing by fuch Perfon.

XL. And he it further ena&ed, That any Notice which /hall be given or ferved by any Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefeid, under the Provisions of this A&, /hall not be impeached or m/fe&ed* by Reafon of any Miftake or Variance in the Chriftian Name or Surname, or either of them, of any Perfon liable or chargeable with the (aid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or in the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax, but that every fuch Notice /hall be valid and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes, notwhhftanding any fuch Miftake or Variance, provided that the Perfon intended to be described /hall really be liable to the faid Rate, Duty and Tax, or the Rate,. Doty or Tax intended to be deferibed /hall be chargeable on fuch Perfon.

XLI. And be R further ena&ed, That it /hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Encife and Taxes in Inland, or any Three of them, from time to time, as often as they /hall think expedient, to call before them any and every Colle&or and Colle&ors of the (arid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, and to examine him or them upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on folemn Affirmation ; and to afeertain the Sum or Sums of Money that /hall have been colle&ed and paid to fuch Colle&or or Colle&ors for the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes ; and alfo to afeertain the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Caufe or Caufes thereof; and alfo upon Oath or Affirmation to examine the (aid Colle&or or Colle&ors touching the due Payment over of any Sum or Sums previoufly coHe&ed by hin or them, and with refpc& to the Sum or Sums remaining in the Hand or Hands of fuch Colle&or or Colle&ors, and to make fuch Order in the Premifea as the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, fhall judge necefEury to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes.

XL 11. And be it further ena&ed. That in every cafe when any Officer or Perfon appointed to colle& the Rates, Duties and Taxes aforefeid, (hall act within Ten Days after Demand in Writing figned by any Commiffioner of Inland Exeife and Taxes ferved on fuch Officer or other Perfon or left at Ins ufual Place of Abode, whether he be then in Commiffion as a Tax Officer or not, return a full and diftin& Account of his Colle&ion of the (aid feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes, fpedfving fuch as he may have omitted to called, (if any fuch there be,) then and in fuch cafe the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, Windows and Lights, Carriages, Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Marts, Geld* mgs or Dogs, an the Walk, or Pari/h or Parifhes (as the cafe may be) wham fuch Officer /hall have been appointed to coH*&, fhaU for fetch Yeaff far which he /hall fa fell to deliver fuch Account

be

999

Not paying Duties within One Month after Notice.

Penalty.

Miftake in Name not to in. validate Notice.

Commiffioners may examine Collectors on Oath or Affirmation as to the State of their Accounts.

Officer negled-ing for Tea Days to return an Account of his Collection, (hall be charged with Amount of Duty in the next or other preceding Year.

C.57.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.

Sureties infwer-able.

Officer making falle Entries.

Penalty.

Vnfpe&or, &e. may require Production of left Receipt liven for Duty.

Not producing it after Notice.

be deemed equal to the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Place Stoves, and Windows and Lights, Carriages, Servants, I Mares, Geldings or Dogs charged in. fuch Walk, or Pai Parifhes, for the Year next preceding, or any other of the lift Years, at the Difcretion of the laid Commiffioners, and fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall be charged with fuch St the Rates, Duties and Taxes, payable in the Year for which Account (hail not have 'been returned would have amounted in refped of the Number of Fire Hearths, Fire Places, or Si Windows or Lights, Carriages, Servants, Horfes, Mares, Gd or Dogs refpedively appearing to have been charged in fudt V Parifh or Parifhes, m fuch next or other preceding Year, and Officer or other Perfon (hall be liable to and (hall pay the fame, His Sureties (hall be anfwerable therefore, to the Extent of the contained in the Bond or other Security, which fuch Sureties have entered or (hall enter into.

XLIII. And be it further eaa&ed, That if any Officer or Per appointed to affefs, charge, levy or colled the faid Rates, Do and Taxes, or any of them, (hall with Intent to defraud Majefly, his Heirs or SuccefTors, make any falfe or untrue £r in any Abftrad, Ledger or other Book containing the Sum Collection of his Walk, Divifion or Diftrid, or (hall with Intent omit to make an Entry or Entries in any fuch Abft Ledger or Book refpedively, or (hall give or grant any fall untrue Receipt for the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or an them, or (hall make any falfe or untrue Entry in any Duplicate Triplicate of any fuch Receipt given or granted by him, or if fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall knowingly permit or fuffer fame to be done in any of the refpedive cafes aforefaid, every I Officer or Perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, I for each and every fuch Offence forfeit to His Majefly, his Hrin SuccefTors, the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and on) lawful for any Iufpedor or Supervifor or Colledor of thr faid Rl Duties and Taxes, or any of tnem, to require any Perfon charge with the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to prod to fuch Infpedor, Supervifor or Colledor, the lafl Receipt pa or given to fuch Perfon by any Colledor of fuch Rates, Dtr and Taxes, or any of them, for and on account of the faid Ri Duties and Taxes, or fuch of them as fiich Perfon was charge with and liable to pay ; and if on Demand made by fiich Infpec Supervifor or Colledor, at the ufoal Place of Abodie of fuch Ptd fuen Receipt (hall not be produced and delivered to fuch Infped Supervifor or Colledor, to be retained by him for fuch time ai i3 be fufficient to enable fuch Officer to take a Copy of thr /it then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Infpedor, Supervifor Colledor, and they are hereby refpedively required to leave a Not at the ufual Place of Abode of iuch Perfon, letting forth that ft Infpedor, Supervifor or Colledor will attend at fuch ufual Pi of Abode of fuch Perfon, at a certain Day and Hour to be fpro in fuch Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or cauf; be produced fuch Receipt to iuch Infpedor, Supervifor or Collet at the Day and Hour mentioned in fuch Notice; and if fi Perfon (hall not produce fuch Receipt to fuch Infpedor, Suf

▼i

A.D. 1S10.

56# GEO. III.

C. 57.

901

vifor orColledor, on his attending for that Purpofe at the time fpecified in fuch Notice, then fuch Perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, unlefs he or (he (hall at Penalty, fuch time make Oath before fuch Infpedor, Supervifor or Colledor, which Oath fuch Officers are hereby refpedively authorized and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward, that he or (he ufed due Diligence to find or procure the faid Receipt, and that he or Ihe hath not been able to find or procure the fame.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful G*me Certifi-for any Infpedor of Taxes, or any other Officer or Officers, who Ci,le t0 ** Pr<>-now is or hereafter (hall be appointed by or under the Commiffiotiers of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to collect or fuperintend the *xm Collection of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to demand and require from any Perfon who (hall ufe or keep any Dog,

Gun, Net or other Engine for the taking or Deftrudion of Game, to produce and (hew to fuch Officer the proper Certificate to fuch Perfon for Liberty to kill Game, and every fuch Perfon (hall, upon fuch Demand and Requifition as aforefaid, produce fuch Certificate to the Officer fo demanding and requiring the fame, and (hall permit the fame to be infpeded accordingly; and if any fuch Perfon (hall wilfully negled -or refufe to produce and (hew a Certificate in force, iffued to him for the Purpofe aforefaid, or (hall decline to produce or (hew the fame, every Perfon fo offending- (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall Perfon* fwear-take or make any Affidavit or any Oath, or make any Affirmation in* fclfely. by this Ad required to be taken or made, (hall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch Perfon being duly con-vided thereof (hall fuffer the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or (hall be fubjed by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other Perfon or Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, fuch Perfon being duly convided of fuch procuring or fuborning, (hall for every fuch Offence incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities, as Perfons convided of Subornation of Peijury are refpedively liable Perjury, unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XLVII. And be it further enaded, That where any Fine or Penalties how Penalty (hall be incurred for any Offence under the Provifions of recovered, this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads, which (hall or may from time to time be in force in Ireland, in any wife relating to the Payment, Regulation or Colledion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, the fame may be fued for and recovered by any Perfon who will file for the fame by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Effoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed, or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman or Affifbmt Barriiter, within whofe local Jurifdidion fuch Offence (hall have been committed; and it (hall be lawful for the Court in Nonpayment of which any fuch Fine or Penalty (hall be awarded to order the Pe“altiel» lmm Offender to be committed to Gaol in cafe of Nonpayment thereof, P,llonin*nt* there to remain until fuch Fine or Penalty be fully paid and iatisfied.

XLVIII. And

C. 57.

56° GEO. lit

penalties not exceeding 4C4. may be recover-ed before a Juftice.

Oath of One Witnefs.

Appeal to Quarter Seffions.

Cofts.

Notice of Appeal.

Examination of Witneflei on Oath.

Cofts of Appeal.

A.]

XLVIIL And be it further enafted, That it (hall an< lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland, within who diftion any Offence, for which the Penalty (hall not excee Pounds, (nail be committed againft this Aft, or any other Afts in force, or which (hall at any time be in force in Ireltm ing in any wife to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, and every fuch J| hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon Informi Complaint in Writing made in that behalf within Six Mood the Offence committed, in fuch cafe to fummon the Party acd fuch Offence, and alfo the Witneffes, if any, on either Sid to examine into the Faft, and upon Proof thereof made to hi! fa ft ion, either by the ConfefBon of the Party or Perfon accd fuch Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witi which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized to adminiikr, to Judgment for fuch Penalty, and thereupon to iffue his Wi under his Hand and Seal, for levying fuch Penalty on the G< and Chattels of fuch Offender, and to caufe Sale to be msfe tiw in cafe the fame (hall not be redeemed within Six Days, rende to the Party the Overplus (If any); and where Goods or Cto fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fuch Penalty, fuch Jafti< the Peace, or any other Juftice of the Peace of the fame Count] County of a City or Town in which fuch Conviftion (hall t hereby authorized and empowered to commit fuch Offende Offenders to Prifon until fucn Penalty (hall be paid; and if any fon, whether Profecutor or Party convi&ed, (hall find himfe herfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuch Juftice of the Pi then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon (if the fon fo appealing (hall be the Perfon convifted), upon giving! cient Security by Recognizance with Two fufficient Sureties be fuch Juftice, to pay the Amount of the Penalty impofed by i Conviftion as aforefaid, together with Cofts not exceeding Ft Shillings, as fuch Juftice (hall appoint, to appeal to the Jufbc Judices at the next General Quarter Seffions of the County, Cod of a Town or City, as the cafe may be, which (haft be held al fourteen dear Days from the Day on which fuch Conviftion have been made, in the Diftrift in which fuch Offence (hall ha* bj committed, if fuch County (hall be divided into Diftrifts, or if mtl divided, then at the General Seffions'of the County, or County <>4 Town or City, which (hall happen next after Fourteen dear Di after fuch Conviftion (hall have been made, of which Appeal lfod m Writing (hall be given to the adverfe Party, Ten clear Da previous to the firft Day of fuch Quarter Seffions refpeftim and fuch Judices at fuch Seffions (hall fummon and examine Wi neffes upon Oath, and finally hear and determine fuch Appeal, n in cafe the Judgment of fuch Juftice (hall be affirmed, it Bull w may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid, to awtni thi Perfon or Perfons fo appealing to pay fuch Cofts to the JWfcuto occalioned by fuch Appeal, as to him or them (hall feem meet, nd exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Shillings; and fuch Jahj or Juftices of the faid Court of Quarter Seffions (nail and may there upon proceed in the feme manner in all refpefts, as the Juftice makir] fuch Conviftion might or could have done if fuch Appeal had i-o taken place.

XLIX. M

D.l%\€.

56° GEO. III.

C. 57.

509

XL1X. Aid be it farther euafted, That no Convi&ion made or teged to be aade by any Juftice, or before any Juftices of the Peace , Pi OaBter Seffions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made» tW to have been given or made by any fuch Juftice or Juf-or by virtue of this A€t9 (hall be removed by Writ of wri out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein fuch son or .Proceeding (nail have been had or made, and that no of Certiorari (hall fuperfedc Execution or other Proceedings «ay Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in purfuance A£k, but that Execution and other Proceedings (hall be had tode thereupon; any fuch Writ of Certiorari or Allowance Hot uoXvrithftanding.

L And be it further ena&ed. That it /hall not be neceffary in Proceeding for tlie Recovery of any Penalty under this ACt, or •fcr any Ad or A&s in force from time to time, for the Payment fib £ud Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, er for regulat*

Ef fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, or the Col-thereof, whether the fame {hall be by Aflion of Debt, Bill, Mh or Information, or by Civil Dili, or by any Proceeding before Vigifhate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal Pa any Derifioo, that the Original or any other Procefs or $um« tat, or any Notice or Order whatsoever mould be personally ferved Utfo Defendant or Defendants, or any of them ; but it Shall in aU id cafes be Sufficient, that the fame or a Copy thereof be ferved or gfob as the cafe may be, at his, her or their then place or Places of

U. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons U be (ummoued as a Witnefs or Witnefles to give Evidence in mj cafe under tins A & before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, m before any Juftice or Juftices at the Seffions, and (hall negled or

Slfe to appear, the Expence of fuch Witnefs or Witnefles, if he, ar they ffiaO he required to go tp a greater Diftance than Five es from Home* being firft paid or tendered without a reasonable Eicofe to be allowed by fuch Juftiqe or Juftices of the Peace, or Mice or Juftices refpe&ively, or upon appearing (hall refgfe to be ounined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before fuch Juftice or fofices of the Peace, or Juftice or Juftices at Seflions refpe&ively, uni (hall not make reasonable Excufe for fuch Refufal, to be al-owed by foch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or Juftice or Juftices X Seffions refpe&ively, then fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every hd Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LLL And be it further enafted. That on any Trial or other Pro-coding for Recovery of any Penalty under this A 61 or under any Aft mating to the laid Rates, Duties and Taxes, any Informer or other Petfoo who in the Event of a Convi&ion would be entitled to tk Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Pro-

Cb thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument what-, (hill nevertheless be received, and admitted as a* Witnefs on bd Tral or other Proceeding, and fuch Teftimony (hall, if be-W4,be fnfficient thereon, to all Intents and Purpofes, fo far as the b»T«femony could be if given by any indifferent Perfon.

1AIL And be it further enaded. That the Juftice of the Peace befwt wfon any Offender (hall be convi&ed of any of the Offences tforrfc} or of any Offence againft any Ad in anywife relating to

the

Convictions not removed by Certiorari.

Perfonsl Service of Procefs not neceflary.

Witnefles neglecting their Duty.

Refuting to be examined.

Penalty.

Informers admitted Witnefles.

Convictions to be made in the following

304

C. 57.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1

Farm.

Conviction to be written and returned by Juft ice.

Penalty. Warrant of Dif-trefs to be in the following

Form.

the Payment, Regulation or Colle&ion of the faid Rates, I and Taxes, or of any of them, (hall caufe the faid Convi£kion made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Foj Words to the like Effeft, mutatii mutandis ; which ConviAftOfl be good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes without fi forth the Evidence or Rating the cafe in any more particular mflj (that is to fay),

JiE it remembered, That on the	Day of

in the Year of our Lord A. 0. of	in	the County of

County of the City or Town of	fas	the L

belt was convi&ed before me /. P. One of His Majefty’s . of the Peace for the faid County of County of the City of, IsV.] for that the faid A. 0. on the 1 Day of	in	the	Year

in the faid County of	did	[A

fate the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that cafe made and m vided ; and I do therefore adjudge the faid A* 0. to hate Mot the Sum of	Briti/h Currency, making the Si

of	Iri/h	Currency. Given under xny Hand I

Seal the	Day	of	.*	]

Which Convi&ion the faid Juftice (hall caufe to be written ft upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Dm fuch Convi&ion to the Clerk of the Peace for the County J County of a City, or County of a Town (as the cafe may beju Place where fuch Convi&ion was made, to be filed by him, aaf remain and to be kept among the Records of the fame Count! Place; and if any fuch Juflice fhall negleft or omit fo to do£ fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.	i

LIV. And be it further ena&ed, That any Warrant fo iffued by any fuch Juflice of the Peace for levying any Sum i any fuch Convi&ion, from the Goods of any fuch Offender, f in the Form following, or in fome other Form of Words to I the like Effe£l; which Form fhall be good and valid to all Inti and Purpofes ; (that is to fay).

County of \	,	To	M ^ ^ and each of	and	their	I

to wit. ' )	*	each of their Affiflants.

WHEREAS on the in the Year

Day of

was duly convi&ed, for that he [or (he the	Day	of	in	the Year

at	in	the	faid County of

or County of the City or Town of	[as	tbit

may be~] did [here Jlate the Offence], and thereupon the (aid A\ hath become liable to a fine or Penalty of Briti/h Currency, (amounting to	Irfb	Oi

rency) ; I do therefore by thefe Prefents authorize you, ande of you, to take into your Poffeffion the Goods and Chattels of faid A. 0., or a Sufficiency thereof, for levying the Sum lafi i tioned thereout, wherever you fhall find the faid Goods and Ck tels in the County aforefaid; and if the faid Goods and Chatti (hall not be redeemed by the Payment of the faid Sum, within S

• Dm jl

AJ>:1816.

56° GE0.1IL

C-SW

BOfi

c D«yf from the Day of taking the feme, you are,- by Pilblic Sale

*	thereof, to levy the hid Sum, rendering to the' faid A. ft. the 4 Overplus (if any) ; and the (aid Sum fo levied you (hall bring to

*	me without Delay, to be difpofed of according to Law. Grveu

4 under my Hand and Seal this	Day	of.............

One thouiand eight hundred and	.9

And if Goods fufficient cannot be' found to anfwer fuch Penalty, ^ Warrant (hall be thereupon iflued for committing fuch Offender or. Offenders, in the fame Form as the faid Warrant lad mentioned, to. the Words, 11 do therefore by thefe Prefents ;9 which Words, and all from thence to the Words 4 * * * * difpofed of according to Law9 in-* dufive, (hall he omitted, and the Form following, or fome other. Form of Words to that or the like Effeft (hall be inferted in their Place; (to wit),—4 And whereas on the	Day	of

r	a Warrant was iflued to levy the laft mentioned

4 Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the faid Offender, and fuch 4 Goods and Chattels could not be found fufficient to anfwer the faid 4 Sum; I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and 4 each of you to take the Body of the faid A* ft. wherefoever yotf 4 (hall find him in the faid County, and bring him before me the 4 find L P; or any other Magiftrate for the faia County :9

And the Form of Committal for committing any fuch Offender to Prifen Hull follow the Form of fuch Warrant, fave only that the Di-redion thereof (hall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from ap4 after the Words, 4 I do therefore hereby authorize and command 4 you,9 there (hall follow thefe Words, 4 to receive into- your.Cuf-4 tody the Body of the faid A. ft., and him [er her] fafely to keep 4 until the laid Sum (hall be paid. Given under my Hand and Seal 4 this	Day	of	One	thouCuid	eight	hundred

* and	:9

And each and every of the faid Forms, or any Form of Words to the Hke Effeft refpeftively, (hall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes.

LV. And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Conviftion as aforefaid Audi be affirmed at the Seffions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame into Execution, (hall be granted by the Juftice or Juftices fo affirming the fame, of any of them, and (hall be in the Forms here following refpeftively, or feme other Form of Words of the fame Import refpeftively;

County of to wit.

}

4 To M. and N* and each of them, their and each of 4 their Afliftants.

4 TflfHEREAS on the	Day	of

4 in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and 4 if. 0. was duly convifted before a Juftice of the Peace for the faid 4 County, for that he [or (he] on the	Day	of

1	at	in	the	faid	County,	did	[here	Jlatc the

*	Offence], and thereupon the faid A. 0. became liable to a Fine or

*	Pcnaky of	Britifh	Currency,	making	a	Sum of

*	Irtfb Currency : And whereas the faid A. 0.

*	appealed from the (aid Conviftion to the Seffions which hath affirmed

*	the fame with	Cofts,	making	together	with	the faid

t 56Gep.HI..................X	4	fopner

If not fuffideot Goods, Warrant for Committal.

Form of Committal.

Good in Law.

Warrant of Committal to be in the following

Form.

Sff1 GEO. III.

A.D.1



If not fufficient Goods. Warrant of Committal.

Form of Com-mittal.

•	farmer Adjudication the Bom of	j	thefc	are	the

•	to authorize and command yon and each of you to take into 4 Poffeffion the Goods and Chatteb of the laid A* O. or a 4 deucy thereof, far levying the (aid laft mentioned Sum the 4 wherever yon (ball find the laid Goods or Chatteb m the C 4 aforefaid; and if the faid Goods and Chattels (hall not be red 4 by the Payment of the faid Sum within Four Days from the 4 of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to lei 4 faid Sum, rendering to the faid A. 0• the Overplus (if any); 4 the faid Sum fo levied you (hall bring to us, [or to One of a

•	to me, as the cafe may £t] without Delay, to be difpofefd

4 cording to Law. Given Under our Hands and Seals unde 4 Hand and Seal] this	Day of	•'

And if Goods and Chattels fufficient cannot be found to ax fuch Sum, a Warrant fhaU be thereupon iffued for committing Offender in the fame Form as the laid Warrant laft mestioied, to Words 4 thefe are therefore to authorize and command yos^ wl Words, and all from thence to the Words 4 difpofad of 4 Law’ indufive, (hall be omitted, and this Form following, or other Form of Words to that or the like Effed, (hall be ' their Place; to wit,—,4 And Whereas on the « of	a	Warrant was iffued to levy the

« mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels of tne faid J t and fuch Goods and Chattels could not be found fufficient ti t fwer the faid Sum, we [or I] do therefore hereby authorize < command you and each of you to take the Body of the faid t wherefoever you (hall find him m the faid County, and bring1 « fore us [or me]

And the Form of Committal for committing any fuch Offa Prifon (hall follow the Form of fuch Warrant, lave only 4 Diredion thereof (hall be to the proper Gaoler; and that! and after the Words We Ter I] do therefore hereby authorise command you,’ there (hall follow thefe Words, 4 to take into 4 Guftody the Body of the faid A. 0. and him or her fafaly to *. from due Date hereof until the faid Sum (hall be paid. Given \ 4 our Hands and Seals, [or my Hand and Seal,] this <• of

breed in Law.

Copy of Convictions fur ni died to Colle&or, and by him tranfmitted to Commiflioners.

And each and every the faid Forms, or any Form of Words t like Effed refpedively, (hall be good and vmid in the Law to «! tents and Purpofes.	,

LVI. And be h further enaded, That every Ckrk of the 1 in Ireland (hall within One Calendar Month after any fuch Conti (hall have been returned to his Office, fursriffi to the Coded Ezcife, or other Officer in charge of the Diftrid in and for County m which fuch Convidion (hall have bees made, a Cop fuch Convidion figned by himfelf, for which he (hall receive : fuch Gyttedor or other Officer in charge as aforefaid, the Sum of Shilling and no more; and every fuch CoUedor or other Offic charge (hall forthwith tranfmit fuch Copy fo figned to the faid \ miffioners of Inland Ezcife and Taxes; and if any fuch Clerk o Peace or Colledor or other Officer in charge as aforefaid, (ha gbd or omit fo to do refpedively, every Perfon fo ofieading (ha every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds*.

Penalty.

LVII.



*6* GEO. III.

C,5*.

JJVJL Aadbcit farther enaded, That fach Put; Shore and Pro* M be payable to His Majefty, bis Heps and Succeffors root of any Penalty or Pipe payable or recoverable undo: der aor Ad or Ads which (hall in any ways relate . Regwtaon or Collodion pf the laid Rates, Du* taxes, or any of them, (hall, uolefs pfhprwife particularly 'thm One Calendar Moofh after the. fame ftalj be levied he paid by the Juftice of the Peace by jvnom the lame . wmt been Jo levied or receivjed, to the CoUr dor of Inland Excite ifips, or other Chief Officer in Chirac of the Diftrid in which Ofience was committed; and if any Inch Juftice of the Peace lh?U ds^or out fo to pay over the lame, he Jhall for every fuch jOfflcnce •Jot the Sob of Twenty Pounds*

JLVIIE Aad he it further enaded, That if any Juilioe of the m, Mydiate or Peace Officer in Irelandf (hall neglect or refufc ay IstBMT to carry into Execution this Ad, or any Ad pr & aback it or flail be in force in Ireland,\ relating in any wife to t fcynscnt. Regulation or Colle&ioo of the laid Rates duties and no, or any of them, or any of the ProviHous of any fuch Ad or A, upon proper Application made to him, fuch Juftice of the Magrazate or Peace Officer lhall forfeit the Sum of Forty

for every fuch Negled or Refulal. lIX. And be it farther enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful r the Commiffioaers of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any fee of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine or Penalty feb (ball at any time be impofed under the Authority of this Ad, r Odder any Ad or Ads which fhaU from time to time be in force * Inland, rebtmg in anywife to the Payment, Regulation or Col* £&on of the laid Rates Duties and Taxes, or any of them$ pr9~ fed that every frch Abatement, ReAudiou and Mitigation, (hall ttadersnd fitted to all fuch Rules and Regulation as by any Ad t A(b now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland\ any Fine or Pe-db incurred for any Offence againft any Ad or Ads relating to teKevEBue of Excite, lhall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated. lX. And be it further enaded, That all and every the Fines or felties which (hall be incurred under this Ad, or under any Ad or Mi which is are or lhall be in force in Ireland, in any wife relating > 61 Payment, Regulation or Colledion of the faid Rates, Duties *1 Taxes or any of them, lhall be paid and payable and received ditoeiv^ble in Br&i/h Currency, and that every fuch Fine or Pe* dtynot particularly direded to be otherwife applied, (hall be paid idd&rftmted, One Moiety thereof to the Ufe of His Majefty, his bland Socceffors, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of the Perfon

Efar the fame.

[I. And he it further enaded. That the feveral Rates Duties Taxes by this Ad, and the feveral Schedules hereto annexed, ltd and npde payable, lhall be under the Management of the of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and that all

ftery the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflided by this Ad, any be fued for, and recovered, levied and applied in fuch to and Form and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch aad Authorities as are preferibed, direded and appointed in by an AfLpf Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and tenth Yean of the Reign of late His Majefty'King Charier the X 2	Second,

907

HU Majefty’* Share of Penalties to be paid over to the CoU le&or of Dif-trid.

Juftice not pap-inf (erne.

Penalty.

Juftice* neglecting their Duty.

Penalty.

Com mi fTi otters .. may mitigate Penalties.

Penalties paid in Britilh Currency.

Application of Penalties.

Duties, how levied.

24 »IJ Car.

(D

56* GEO. III.

A.D.

46O.3. c.xo5.

Cotnmencemeat •f Aft.

AA mafW altered, fcc.

C.57.

Second, intituled An AS for fettling the Exctfe or new Itmpof Hit Majtfly, bit Htirt and Succeffort, according to the Hook of, therein tnferted; or in and by an A d made in the Forty fixth of His prefent Majefty** Reign, intituled An AS to provide f better Execution of the fevered ASt relating to the Revenues, m and ibingt, under the Management of the Commiffionere of Cm and Port Dutiet, and of tie CommifRonert of Inland Mncije Taxet in Ireland; or in and bv any otner Ad or Ads in fovc Ireland, relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excife, ms fnffr effedually, to all Intents, Conilru&ion* and Purpofes, as I fiune were particularly mentioned and expreffed and reenadeda Aft, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Pr who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or ixmurd, : and by the faid Ads, or any Ad or A6b now or hereafter to t force in Ireland, relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exdf< provided.

LXII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad and all 1 Claufes and Provifions herein contained, (hall be deemed mad tal to have commenced and take Effed from and after the Fifth Daj January One thouiand eight hundred and fixteen.

LXlII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad maj amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made is prefent Seffions of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FIRE HEARTHS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable nuallv for and out of every Dwelling Houfe, in the wfcol which, with every Outhoufe, Office and Edifice mppertsk thereto, there (hall be Two or more Fire Hearths or Stow| other Places for Firing, at any time between the Fifth Da January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January folk* the feveral and refpedi ve yearly Rates, D uties and Taxes foDosi that is to lay,

				DUTY.	
				Yearly Rate	
				on the Houfe, for the whole Number of	lUtes fcn Hw
				Hearths.	
				jf* t» 4/•	£* /•
In refped of 4	- w			O 12 O	0 s
5				0 17 6	0 Si
6	-			i 4 0	0 4.
7	-			1x16	0 4,
8	-			2 0 0	0 J
9	-			296	0
10	-			3 0 0	0 6 |
ix	-			$ 11 6	0 6 1
		p			1

4JX181&	OEO.	Ill,

Schedule ( A.) —tontitnud.

G. *7.

DUTY.	
Yaarly Halt on th« Houfe for the whole Number of Hearths.	Ratal for aach Hearth.
£*s •	*£• /• d.
440	070
4 17 6	07 6
C 13 O	0 8 0
676	086
7 4 °	090
8 1 6	096
900	0 10 0
9 19 6	0 10 6
11 0 0	0 IX 0
12 1 6	0 11 6
13 4 0	0 IX 0
14 7 6	0 is 6
15 1* , 0	0 ij 0
16 17 6	0 13 6
18 4 0	0 14 0
19 11 6	0 14 6
31 0 0	0 25 0
- - *	0 15 0

hitfptdof la *3 *4

3

17 1$

*9 20 *1 22

*3

*4

2*6 3

And for and out of every Dwelling Houfe in the whole of winch, with every Outhoufe, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall be more than 28 Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, in refped of each and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place for Firing, in fuch Dwelling Houle, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall be paid the yearly Sum of

RULES for charging the find Rates, Duties and Taxes*

Every Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling Houfe (hall be deemed and taken to be Part of fuch , Dwelling Houfe ; and all Hearths, Stoves or Places for Firing in fuch Outhoufe, Office or Edifice (hall be reckoned and included in the Number of Hearths in refped of which fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

And in all cafes where there (hall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houfes adjoining each other fo as that * the (ame Audi be occupied by One Perfon, and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refpeft of Fire* Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places, (hall be rated as if fuch Houfes^ with the Outhoufes, Offices and Edifices belonging or ap-*

X$.	pertaining

C.5t

56* GEO; HR

Ai0.lt

Schedule (A.)—continued,	J

pertaining to each of them were One Houfe with filch Outho Offices or Edifices belonging thereto.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majefty*s Caftle of Dublin, or any Houfe within the Qj thereof, or any Houfe or Tenement provided for the Refidcng the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors <a land for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord! tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland if time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; an College of the Hbly and Undivided Trinity of Queen F.finl w hear Dublin, (hall be eiempted from the faid Duty bn FireHeaq . Any Dwelling HoUfe which after the Twenty feveoth Dut Miy One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and before the pafl of this Ad, (hill have been built on and held together with 4 Firm hi Ireland, containing not lefs than Ten Acit* IrithFbsttQ MeafOrt ; and in the whole of which Dwelling Houfe, with e^

. Outhdiife Or Edifice appertaining thereto, there (ball not haw b bat (haH be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stove!, or other Fb foe Firings (hafi be exempted from any Duty if refped ther from the time When fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall hive been firft copied until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Sj Years from the time of filch firft Occupation ; provided that I D^rellBg Houfe (hall hive been and fhaU be occupied togetheri xueh Farid; and in cafe fuch Houfe (hall not be fb occupied di With, the fame Dwelling Houfe* with every Ontbonfe, Offiflf Edifice appertaining thereto, and the Occtfpier thereof. Ml chargeable with the Rates, Duties ind Taxes in nefped of I Hearths or Stoves, or other Firing Places therein dnd from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in Which fuch Dft ing Houfe (hall ceafe to be occupied with Fuch Farm, and ft thenceforward (hall not be entitled to ant fuch Exemption.

Where any newly built Hdufe, or Aadition to an Houfe, Anil ufed or inhabited m Part only, the Remainder thereof being os for Ufe or Habitation, the Fire Hearths therein to be charged or for and in refped of the Parts thereof that (hall be ufed or inhabit*

Any Oven or any fixed Boiler in any Dwelling Hbtrfe, Ontboo Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, (hall, be exempted from t faid Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any Hbufe fltuate Within the Dftrid of the Metropolis of Da lin> or within any City or Town, mid containing Six Hearths, upwards, in whicn no Shop (hall, be kept for the Sale of any Gw or in which np Spirituous or other Liquors (hall be fold, and (hall be wholly let for Lodgings* and occupied by Lodgro, oc Lodging fet to or occupied by one Perfon ojr Family, and fu< Lodging not confifting of more than Qne Room, shall not 1 charged with any higher Rate than two Shillings for each Hear or Fire Place therein.

Any Houfe fituate within the Diftrid of the Metropolis of DubL or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or u wards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which (hall T>e fet to or a cupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not fnbjed to a Rent exceedi] Five Pounds Yearly for fuch Lodging, and not being provided I

kD.ltll

96° GEO. JIL

911

Ci 57«

SdmdxAr (A.) -~‘cxMti*md.

ttakiam foch Lodging with Diet or other Accommoda-fuel Houle (haul be partly inhabited by the Owner, lm £ charged with any higher Duty than Two Shilfiogis for I Hsrth or rure Place.

/ Hdgstal Houle provided for the Reception' and Relief of Charity School, Gaol, Prifon or SeffioO Houfe, HaU, t or other Pubic Building whatever, in Ireland, fhall not be is rrfped of Healths therein, otherwife than in manner mendooed ; that is to fay, all the Dwelling-Rooms and ; is any fuch Public Buildings, being occupied by any htter, Miftrefii or Superintendant, of or belonging to or ed h» the fame, or by any Servant of fuch Officer, Mailer, i or Superintendant, (hall be deemed Dwelling Houfes, and I he fable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly % and the Perfons ftndf by whom or by whofe Servants fuch Rooms or Apart* i at or flail be inhabited, (hall be chargeable with and liable [tathefudTax as Occupiers of Houfes are by Law charge-lv&aiU>ie to pay the fame.

SCHEDULE (B«)

WINDOWS.

ICHEDULE of the Rates, Dudes and Taxes payable annually tad out of every Dwelling Houfe, with the Outhoufes, Of-_ i and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, having more [ikaSu Windows or Lights, in refpe& of the Windows or Lights r» cterv bdh Dwelling Houfe and Appurtenance as afornaid iriptaxidy.

stripeddj Windows or Lights

9

10

11

12 *3 *4

:s

*8

*9

10

31

31

*4

IS

i8

39

X 4

£.	/•	d.
I	0	O
i	*3	O
2 ■	a*	O
2	16	O
3	12	6
4	9	6
5	6	6
6	3	6
7	0	0
7 *7		0
8	M-	0
9	10	6
lo	7	6
it	4	6
12	1	0
12	18	0
13 15		0
>4	11	6
IS	8	6
16	5	6
l7	2	0
ij 19		0
18 16		0
*9	14	6



c;«fc	JjPGEO.HE	Aj).

Schedule (B.)—amtinoeJ.		
	d£- i.l	
In refpeft of. ji	20 9	
3*		21 6 \	
33 - • * •	** 3	
34 -	*3 «•'	
35		*3 t6 ;	
30 - - *	*4 »3	
37 * * *	25 10	*
38		26 7	
39	27 4	
4° 4+ ...	28 17 '	l
45 to 49	3* '3	
50 to 54 . . -	H *° *	
55* 59	ST 6 \	
60 to 64 •	S9»5 5	
65 to . 69	4» 0 1	
70 to 74	44 5 «	I
75 to 79	46 10 c	1
So to 84 . • - • • . • •	48 15 «	>
85 to 89	51 0 1	S
90 to 94	53 4 *	\
95 to 99 -	55 9	I
loo to 109 - -	58 17	0
1 iq to 119	63 6	6
. 120 to 129 ....	67 16	6
-	 130 to 139 • - -	7a 6	0
140 to 149 - ...	76 16	0
150 to 159 —	- - *	81 5	4
* 160 to 169 -	85 15	&
; 176 to 179' -	90 5	0
: 180 or upwards • ’ -• And for every fuch Dwelling which (hall con* 'tarn more than 180 Windows or Lights, for .* every Window or Light exceeding the Number	93 *	6
of 180 - - - -	0 3	0

• ^ RULES Por charging the faid Rates, Dudes and Taxes.

All Windows or Lights in fuch Dwelling Houfe, with the A| purtenances as aforefaid, and Sky Lights or Windows or Lights! any Stair Cafe, Garret, Cellar and Paflage in any Dwelling Hoof Or in any other Part or Place of of belonging to any Dwcffia| Houfe, to what Ufe or Purpofe foever applied, (hall be reckons and included in the Number of Windows or Lights, , in rtfpe& c which fuch Dwelling Houfe Audi be^ charged with Rate, Duty c Tax.

And every Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belongii to' any Dwelling Houfe, (hall be deemed and taken to be Part fuch Dwelling Houfe; and all Windows or _ Lights in fuch Ou houfe. Office or Edifice, (hall be fttdtoned and ^included in tl i.....	x3	Ntsmb

A3M8U.

56° GEO. III.

C.57.

315

Schedule (B.)—eontmutd.'

Number of Windows refpe&ively, in refpeft of which fuch Dwelling Houfe UkaH be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax. '

In all cafes where there (hall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houfes adjoining each other, fo as that the ijuae /hall be occupied by One Perfon, and his or her Family, Inmates, or Lodgers, the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refpe& of Windows or Lights (hall be rated as if fuch Houfes, with the Appurtenances as aforeCaid to each, were One Houfe.

When a Partition or Divifion in any Window or Light, or be-. tween Two or more Windows or Lights fixed in any One Frame, (hall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Window or Light on each Side of fuch Partition or Divifion Audi be deemed as a diftinlt Window or Light, and (hall be rated accord-ingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame, which is, or (hall be extended into a mater Number of Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies than One, (hall be reckoned and charged for. fo many feparate Windows as there are Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies into which the fame (hall be extended.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

- His Majefty’s Cattle of Dublin and any Houfe within the Circuit thereof, and any Houfe or Tenement for the Refidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in bis Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, (hall be wholly exempt from the (aid Duties.

Any Warehoufe being a diftin& and (eparate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling Houfe, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part nor in the whole as a Dwelling Houfe, but employed folely for the Puipofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on tome Manufa&ure or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling Houfe, (nail be. wholly exempted from the faid Duties.

Any Dwelling Houfe which after the Twenty feventh Day of May One thouland eight hundred and eight, and before the paffing of this A&, (hall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not lefs than Ten Acres Iri(h Plantation Meafure, and in the whole of which Dwelling Houfe, with every Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall not have been nor (ball be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Places for Firing, (hall be exempted from any Duty in refpe& of Windows or Lights from the time when fuch Dwelling Houle (hall have been firft occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of fuch firft Occupation: Provided, that fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall have been and mall be occupied together with fuch Farm; and in cafe fuch Houfe (hall not be fo occupied therewith, the faid Dwelling Houfe, with any Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, appertaining thereto, and the Occupier thereof, ffiall be chargeable with Rates, Duties and Taxes, in refpe& of Windows or Lights therein refpe&ively, on and from the Sixth Dmy of January in the Year in which fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall

ceaie

314

C.57.

56° GEO- IIL

Schedule (B.)— continued.

cetfe to be occupied with fuch Farm, and from thence forwarl not be entitled to any fuch Exemption-	-

Where any Houfe or Addition to an Houfe newly built ufed or inhabited in part only, the Remainder thereof bee for Ufe or Habitation, the Windows or Lights therein to be < only for and in refpeft of the Parts thereof that fhall bo ufed | habited.

If in any Houfe containing Eight Windows or more, any J or Rooms (hall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers, not { refpe&ively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds Yearly for fuch I and not being provided by the Perfon fettingor letting fuch J with Diet of other Accommodation, fo much of the Tax on ] Houfe in refpeft of all the Windows or Lights therein, ms refpeft of the Windows or Lights in the Part of fuch Ho occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Lsgjbt, fhaS deducted from the whole Charge of fuch Houfe.

Any Hofpital, Houfe provided for the Reception and Mirf Poor Perfons. Charity School, Gaol, Prifon, Seffion® Houle, H Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, (hall not be chq in refpeft of Windows therein, otherwife than in manner berth* mentioned j that is to fay, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apert*} in any fuch Public Budding being occupied by any Officer, Ml Mftrefs or Superintendent of or belonging to or employed it fame, or by any Servant of fuch Officer or Perfon aa afbrefaid; if all fuch Rooms or Apartments fhall not contain more than Windows or Lights, fhall be charged with the Tax in rtfpeS Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or I| therein; and if all fuch Rooms or Apartments fhall contain 4 than Six Windows or Lights, then they fhall be charged with faid Tax as if they were an entire Houfe, and the Office* Perfon8 refpedtively by whom or by whofe Servants fuch Rood Apartments are or fhall be inhabited, fhall be chargeable with I liable to pay the faid Taxes as Occupiers of Houles are by 1 chargeable with and liable to pay the fame.

Where any Window in any Dwelling Houfe fhall be occm with or ufed for a Loom which (hall be ftanding at fuch Whl aad really ufed in Weaving, no Duty fhall be charged in refpefl fuch Window.	j

Any Dwelling Houfe wholly occupied during the whole of j Year from the Fifth Day of January in fuch Year to the Fifth I of January in the Year following, as a Boarding School for] Education of Children, and kept by a Perfon been fed to bd School by the Ordinary of the jDiocefe, or the Jufticet at Sett Audi not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than Ose m ling for each Window or Light therein $ provided that if the T Audi have been paid according to the (aid Rate of One Shilling each Window, and that fuch Houfe (hall ceafe to be fo occupied! kept as aforefaid, within the Year for which fuch Tax fhall h been paid. Credit fhall be given for the Sum fo paid out of Charge to which fnch Houfe fhall become liable in confequence having fo ceaiod to be occupied and kept as above mentioned.

SCH

2). rill

66* GEO. IIL

C. 5%

SCHEDULE (C.)

MALE SERVANTS.

^CHiDULE of the Rit^i Duties and Taxes payable annually pTor in tefped of every Mile Servant retained or employed by lay Perfon or Perfons.

huMbeR Thereof.	Amount of Doty pmUe for each Servant,
	£• 1. d.
I fad Sthtat - ....	3 8 o
3 -	3 » o
J		3 16 o
4 -	4 7°
5 - •	4 18 6
			530
y . • - - - -	5 5 0
p • • k . P ■	C 13 O
pa* ¥ —. — ft a	0 3 0
10 . .	6 13 0
u ad upwards - - -	7 *3 0

RULES for charging the Odd Duties.

TVfodDriei (hall be paid by the Perfon who (hall retain or * mdoj inch Mde Servant or Servants, apd (hall be paid for every |Ur Sarat who (hall be retained or employed by any Perfon, at any he between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fiftn Dkjr of Jaurv in the Year following, in any of the following Ca-balks; thanstd 0lj9 Maitre d'Hotel, Houfe Steward, Matter of laHorfc, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Brier, Qork of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, Houfe Porter, footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Poftillion, Stable ley or Helper m the Stables, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game fceper, Huntfman Or Whipper in, or by whatever Name or Names Vale Sem&ts, really aCting in any of the faid Capacities, (hall be

Si or known, or Whether fuch Male Servants' (nail have been or be retained or employed in one or more of the faid Capacities, fin any other Bu&nelt jointly with any one or more of the fame ; ndfbr ewry Servant let to Hire with any Carriage or Horfes, the lax on (neb Servant fo hired (hall be charged and chargeable on the moo who fo hired fuch Servant and let him to Hire with any Car-w$ md Horfei as aforefaid.

EXEMPTIONS.

Acy Servant who (hall be really retained or employed for the Pur-pofegfHaftandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Miftrefs of fuch Servant (hall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who (hall not at any time be employed in any Capa-ctyhrtfpeft of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any

316

6.57.

56° GEO. IH.

A.D.1814*

Schedule (C.) — continued.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter, of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of die Royal Hof-

fital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hofpital, or Lying-in lofpital in Dublin, or of any Hofpital or Charitable Inftitutian. One Servant of any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Horfe or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided fuch Officer retains no more than one Servant t and any Servant of any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, fuch Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which fuch Officer fhall belong; and any-Servant-of any. Officer in His Majefty** Navy, tinder the Rank of a Matter and Commander in a&ual Employment, fuch Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to. which fuch Officer (hall belong.

x Any Boy apprenticed to ferve for any Term.not exceeding Seven Years, by the Foundling Hofpital, the. Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for .Soldiers' Children, the. Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Inftitution in Ireland, for .the Care and Education of Children, fupported in the whole op in Part by Public Money or AJTeffment.

SCHEDULE (D.y	“	’

CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every Male Perfon retained or employed in the leveral Capacities after mentioned.

For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in Trade, or ex-ercifing any Profeffion whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices, for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward), the yearly Sum of	-

For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforefaid), for the Purpofe of expofing to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in fuch Shop or Warehoufe, whether by Wholefale or Retail, the yearly Sum of

£. /• d.

too

too

RULES for charging the faid Duties.

The faid Duties (hall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons who ftaB retain or employ fuch Male Perfon or Perfons, and (hall be paid for. every Perfon who (hall be retained or employed in any of the find Capacities, by any Perfon or Perfons, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHE*

SCHEDULE (E.)

CARRIAGES.

[SCHEDULE of the Dutic* payable annually for or in refped of all Carriaget ■	of	any	of	the	Defcripdont after mentioned.

NUMBER OP CARRIAGES.

For Carriages with Four Wheels: T« i facfc Carriage the Annual Sum of



3

4

5

7

%

9 aad upwards	-	-

And for every additional Body fucceffively uied on the fame Carnage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of -	-

For Carriages with lefs than Four JVheels:

For every fudi Carriage drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Male, and no more ------

\ Aad for every fuch Carnage drawn by Two or more Horfes, Mam, Gelding or Mules	-

Aad far every additional Body fucceffively ufed on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of For every Car or Carriage fitted up for carrying Perfons, commonly known by the Name of an Outfide Jaunting Car, with not more than Two Wheels, and drawn only by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule}

If kept by any Perfon not keeping any other Carriage liable to Dutv under this Ad, the Annual Sum of If Soy fuch Jaunting Car (hall be kept by any Perfon keeping any other Carriage liable to Duty under this Ad, then the Annual Sum of -	•	•	•	•	-

Amount of the Duty for ««ch Carruge.

A /• d»

12	O O

13	o

14	O

15	O

*5 iJ

16	8

17	o

17	12

18	3

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

660

6 10 o 900

3	3	0

3 3 o 6 10 o

RULES for charging the (aid Duties.

The (rid Duties (hall be refpedively charged for every Coach, Berio, Landau, Chariot, Calafh, Chafe Marine, Chaife, Sociable or Caravan, or other Carnage of the like kind, with Four Wheels; aad for every Calafh, Chaife Marine, Chaife, Curricle, Chair or Justing Car, or Pleafuxe Car, with lefs than Four Wheels, or other Carriages of the like kind; and for any Number of fuch Carriages wfpe&rrdy, which any Perfon (hall nave or keep at any time as Omr thereof, between the Fifth Day of January in any If ear, and the Fifth Day of January following, and which Rates, Duties and Taxes fall be refpedively paid by the Perfon or Perfons haring or keepiDgay fuefa Carriage, and (hall be chargeable upon the Body,

A#



918

C. 57.



58° GBQ.JII.

Schedule (E.)—continued* or if more than one, upon the Bodies of fuch Carriages refpe&ively, according to the Number tbeaepf fucceffively ufed on the lame Carriage or Number of Wheels, and not in refpedfc of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of fuch Carriages, to which the Wheels {hall be attached.

Any Perfon who (hall hare in his or her Poffeffion, Care or Keeping any Carnage whatever, chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which {hall not have been charged on or pud by the Owner of fuch Carriage, (had and may be chargeable and charged with, and if fo charged {hall pay the Rate, Duty an4 Tax payable for fuch Carriage in the fame manner as fuph Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame ; and it {hall and may be lawful to cofleA; and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every fuch Perfon, in the fame manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to colle& and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of fuch Carriage if the fame was in the Poffeffion of fuch Owners, and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in refpe& of fuch Carriage by the Owner thereof, {hall be on the Perfon who ihall keep or have the fame in his or her Poffeffion^ and not on the Officer; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for or on JBehalf of the Owner as ^forefaid, {hall have a Lien on the laid Carriage for the Amount of the Sum which {hall have been fo paid for or on Behalf of fuch Owner.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaifes and other Hackney Carriages, Coaches, Chaifes and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Innkeeper or Perfon letting out Horfes to travel Poft or by the Mile; and fuch Canjage kept for no other Purpofe but to be let for Hire to travel Poft or by the and having the Owner’s Name vifibly and legibly painted on the Ou tilde of the Door Pjyuiel or Shafts of the fame, as the cafe may be.

Carriages kept for Sale by the Makers thereof until the fame fliall have been fold or ufed; any Perfon who is or {hall be duly ^licenfed to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and any Perfon who is or (hall be duly licenfed to carry on the Trade of felling Carriages by Au&ion or on Commiffion, (hall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax for or in refpedt of any Carriage in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of fuoh Coachmaker .or Maker or Seller of Carriages refpe^ively bon & fide for Sale; rjpr {hall jthe Qwnqr or Proprietor of any fuch Carriage be chargeable; provided that eyay fuch Carriage {hall hajre been aftually delivered intp the Mknyfy&ory or Prearyfes of fuch Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriage^ on pr before the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and {hall have from thence continually remained therein; and that fuch C°achmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, .fis the cafe may be, {hall make and fubfcribe an Affidavit, or if a Quaker, a folemn Affirmation, before fthe Colle&or or other Officer in charge of the Colleton of the Dif-Jfcritt* or Infpe&or of Taxes in which fpeh Carriage ffyril be fp kept

for £awhich Affidavit or Affirmation fuch.ColleftW qther -Officer

AJD.181&

56* GEO. IIL

CUT.	«»

Schedule (£•)—continued.

cer as afbrefatd or Infpe&£r is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter, fetting fortn the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Carriage, and the kind or Defcriprion thereof, and that fuch Carriage was really and a&ually delivered into the Cuftody or Poffeffion of fuch Coach maker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, at faid Place for Sale, on or before the Fifth Day of January in the Year in which fuch Affidavit or Aj&rmation {hall be made, ftating the Day of fuch Delivery, and that the faid Carriage was not to the Knowledge or Belief of fuch Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, in any manner ufed from the Day of fuch Delivery of the fame to the time of making fuch Affidavit or Affirmation $ and that it {hall and may be lawful for any fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforelaid, and he is hereby empowered to require every fuch Coachmaker, or Maker or 6eUer of Carriages, to make from time to time in the Courfe of the Year, an Affidavit or Affirmation, as the cafe may be, tp the like Eflfeft; and if any fuch Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carriages, {hall refufe or negle& fo to do, within Six Days next after being fo required, every fuch Coachmaker, or Maker or Seller of Carnages, (hall be chargeable and charged with, and (hall pay the Rate, Duty or Tax, for each and every Carriage in refpeft whereof there {hall be a Default in making fuch Affidavit or Affirmation.

Whenever any Perfon who frail have paid the Duty or Tax on susy Carriage kept by fuch Perfon, (hall part with fucji Carriage iq the Courfe of any Year, and (ball in Beu thereof receive and keep any other Carriage of the like kind or Defcription, or any Carriage chargeable with a lower Rate, Duty or Tax, than fuch Perfon had paid for the Carriage he or (he .had to part with, fuch Per-fon naH not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax in refpeA of fuch fecood Carnage fo received in lieu of fuch former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving of fneb Second Carriage, any thing in the A6t to which the Schedule is annexed, or any other A& or AfiU to the contrary natwfthftanding.

Provided that fuch Perfon {hall not at one and the fame time have had or kept fuch Two Carriages, fuch Fa& to be verified by the Oath, or if a Quaker, by a folemn Affirmation of fuch Perfon, to be made before the Colle&or or other Officer in charge of the Colle&ion of the DHtrid, or any Sub Commiffioner or Infpe&or of Taxes in fucb Diftri& wherein fuch Perfon {hall refide, which Affidavit or Affirmation fuch Officers refpe&ively are hereby authorized, empowered and required to adminifter; provided that in every fuch Affidavit or Affirmation, the Perfon making the fame {hall Abate the Day of the Month and Year in which he or {he parted with fuch Carriage, 2nd the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom fuch Carriage {hall have been fo parted with, and alfo the Day of tlr Month and Year when he or {he received fuch Second or other Carriage.

ASCH&

920

C. 57.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1

SCHEDULE (F.)

For and upon every Carnage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or ' £, Tax, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall make, | build or conftru& for Sale, the feveral and refpe&ive Sums follow- • ing; that is to fay,	j

For every fuch	Carnage with Four Wheels the Sum of	-	-to

For every fuch	Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels the	Sum of	-	o to

To be paid by the Coach Maker or Maker thereof.

For every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which (hall be fold by any Perfon in Ireland by Au&ion or on Commiffion, the feveral and refpe&ive Sums following; that is to fay,

For every fuch	Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of	•'	i o

For every fuch	Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, the	Sum of	-o io

To be paid by the Auftioneer or Perfon felling the fame, own above all other Duties on fuch Sale.

For the Rules for charging the above Duties, fee the Ad which this Schedule is annexed.

SCHEDULE (G.)

HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, payable anna for and in refpeft of all Horfes, Mares and Geldings kept bp Perfon or Perfons, for the Purpofe of Riding, or of driwi any Carriage chargeable with Duty.

NUMBER OF HORSES.

For x fuch Horfe Mare or Gelding

2	fuch Horfes, Mares or Geldings

3

4

s

7

8

9 io it 12

*3 »♦

If .

*7

18

*9

s. *o or upwards

Amaatflj

Duty for ac Horfe, Mrt or

TT2

si? |

4	>4 5

5	4 f io o tli t t 16 o 5 >9 {

5>9

I 6

7 0 7 0 7 7 7 7 7



6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6 9 6 io 6 it

RUI.ES



56° GEO. III.

C 57.

Schedule

RULES fo/charging the (aid DUTIES.

&	fed Doties (hall be payable annually for every Horfe, Mare (tiffing, which any Perfon (hall keep or have as the Owner thereof ip time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpofe of or for the Purpofe of drawing any Carriage whatsoever jeablc with Duty; which Duties (hall be paid by the Perfon nfonifo having or keeping fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding except ter mentioned.

way Perfon who (hall have in his or her Pofleflion, Care or Keep-my Horfe, Mare or Gelding whatfoever chargeable with any te, Doty or Tax, the Rates, Duties or Taxes on whi<;h (hall not e been charged on or paid by the Owner of fuch Horfe, Mare jMng, fell or may be chargeable and charged with, and if fo ged QaD pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for fuch Horfe, re or Getting, in the fame manner as fuch Owner is or ought to ferged or chargeable for the fame ; and it (hall and may be law. to aM and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from sy fach Perfon in the fame manner and with the like Powers d Autbarities u it would be lawful to colle& and levy fuch Rates, titrejandTatn of and from the Owner of fuch Horfe, Mare or •ldiog, if the fame was in the Pofleflion of fuch Owner ; and that x& of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in refped fad Horfe, Mare or Gelding by the Owner thereof, (hall lie on t Perfon who (hall keep or have the fame in his or her Pofleflion, A not on the Oftcer; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for or on rialf of the Owner as aforefaid, (hall have a Lien on the faid Horfe, laie or Getting, for the Amount of the Sum which (hall have ffl fo paid, (or or on behalf of fuch Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Race Horfe* charged in Schedule (H.)

Any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, under Three Years old.

Any Horfe, Mare or Gelding ufed truly and without Fraud for e Purpofe of Huibandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner fad Horfe or other Bead, or for the Purpofe of drawing any tgjfon, Cart or Carriage (except fuch Carriages as are liable to Rj), or carrying Burthens in the Courfe of the Trade or Occu-of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Horfe, Mare or ifag (hall belong, although fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall tl for Riding on the Occafions and in the manner herein-mmtiooed; that is to fay, when returning from any Place to t any Load or Burthen (hall have, by fuch Horfe, Mare or icg been drawn or carried, or when going to any Place from a any Load or Burthen (hall be to be brought back by any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpofe of procuring' fal Affiftance, or for the Purpofe of going to and from Mar. « u> or from any Place of Public Worfhip, or to or from f of Members to ferve in Parliament, or to or from Court of Juftkre, provided fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall on wj tyceafcon be ufed for any, other Purpofe, fave as afore*



ssGm.hi.

Y

One

522

€•57.

&6* GEO. III.

A.D.UU.

Sdwduk (G. )—

One Horfe, Mire or Gelding, ufed by any Perfon occupying a Finn and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or making a Livelihood by fucb Occupation and Trade jointly, or by any Ecdefiaftical Perfon not poflefled of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arifiug from any Ecdefiaftical Preferment or otherwise, fuch Perfon8 refpe&ively not having or keeping any other Horde, Mare or Gelding, for Riding, or for driving any Carnage chargeable with any Duty under this Ad.

One Horfe, Mare or Gelding, ufed by any Perfon enrolled or to . he enrolled, and ferving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who (hall have attended on Horfehack One Half at Uaft of the Number of Days appointed for him to Exercife or be on Duty in the Year, Aid who fhall produce a Certificate from the Commanaing Officer or Permanent Serjeant, of his having done fo, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the faid Number of Days.

SCHEDULE (H.)

RACE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rate, Duty and Tax payable annually for and in refpeft

of Race Horfes.

For every Horfe, Mare or Gelding bona fide kept for the Purpofe /. /. only of racing or running for any Plate Prize or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the faid Purpofes* whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors or of any other Perfon or Perfons	-	-	-	-	a	17	6

Any Perfon who fhall have in his Pofteffion, Care or Keeping any fuch Race Horfe, the Rate, Doty or Tax on which fhall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of fuch Race Horfe, fhall or may be chargeable and charged with, and if fo charged fhall pay dm Rate, Duty and Tax payable for fuch Race Horfe, in the fame manner as fuch Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it (hall and may be lawful to colled and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every fuch Perfon, in tne fame manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to colled and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from die Owner of fuch Race Horfe, if the fame was in the PofTeffion of fuch Owner; and that Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in refped of fuch Race Horfe, by the Owner thereof, fhall lie on the Perfon who fhall keep or have the fame in his or her Pof-feffion, and not on the Officer; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for dr on Behalf of the Owner as aforefaid, fhall have a Lien on the faid Race Horfe for the Amount of the Sum that fhall have been fo paid by him or Ijer.

SCHE-

D.vni

GEO III.

C.»i.

G

SCHEDULE (I.)

SERVANTS let to Hirt.

—»ULE of the Putiea payable w^aiiy for sad >0 mfpe& of SERVANTS, CARRIAGES wd HORSES Jet to Hirp in Ireland.

Mr every Coachman, Groom, Poftfllion or Helper, kept for the fcrpo& of being let to Hire for any Period of time lefa than •Ok Tor, the Annual Sum of	-	.	.

■h» east Carriage with Four Wheels, kept by any Coachmaker ft Maker of Carriages, or other Perfon for the Purpofe of being let tsHae, for any Period of time lefs than One Year, without a Hade or Horfes to be ufed therewith, the Annual Sum of Par eery Carriage with Four Wheels, kept by any Poftmafter, Inn Keeper or other Perfon, duly licenfed to let Poft Horfes, for the Purpofe of being let to Hire, for any Period of time lefs than Ok Year, with a Horfe or Horfes to be ufed therewith, the Aland 8mm of

For everj Carriage with lefa than Four Wheels, kept by any Perfon whatever, for 3* * Purpofe of being let to Hire, with or without a f Horfe or Horfes, for any Period of time lefs than a Year;

If drawn by one Horle, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, the Annual Sum of -	-	-

If drawn by Two or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, foe Annual Sum of	...

lot every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpofe of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage changeable with Duty, and let to Hire for any Period of time lefs than One Year, the Annual 5am of -	-

& /. J.

2 lO O 12 O 9

lO IQ O

6 io 9 909

2 17 6

RULES for charging the fasd Duties.

The laid Annual Duties foall be paid by any Perfon who fhaH em-AnU keep or have in his or her Pbffeffion any fuch Male Ser-r any Carriage or Horfe for the Purpofe of letting to Hire Servant, Carriage or Horfe refpe&vely, or who (hall let to Hire _ Servant, Carriage or Ifopfe nefpe&ively, at any time between Fifth Djy of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January *

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

A1 Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaifes and

* s and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Perfon letting out to travel Poft by the Mile, f°r the drawing of which no higher of Payment fh^p be demanded or received than is charged for Carnages of the feme Denomination, travelling Poft by the , or feom Stage to {Stage; and all Horfes, Mares and Geldings 4a foe drawing fuch Carriages only.

AarPerfeu who foafl employ or keep, or have in his Poffeffion, By Carriage with' Four Wheels for the furpofe of letting the feme > Hire, fo wh^b for travelling Poft by the Mile and not by the

f^ge, dot by the Day, nor ofofemifc than by the Mile, the Duties

56* GEO. IH*

AJ).

694

C.8J*

Schedule (I.)—continued.

of Twelve Pounds or Ten Pounds Ten Shillings above roeot (hall have been refpe&ively paid for the Year ending Fifth Ji One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen9 or for any fubfe Year, and who (hall produce to the Commiffioners of Inland j and Taxes a Receipt or Receipts from the proper Officero Police in Dublin, for the Amount of the Local Taxes impoi Dublin on fuch Carriage for the whole of fuch Year, /hall be tied to an Allowance or Repayment of Seven Pounds out 4 above Duties of Twelve Pounds, or Ten Pounds Ten Sh&g fpe&ively; and fuch Allowance or Repayment of the /aid hi Seven Pounds (hall be made to fuch Perfon under the Onto Dire&ions of the faid Commiffioners of Inland Exdfe ud T accordingly*

SCHEDULE (K.)

DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in refpcd of Dop

For every Greyhound kept by any Perfon, whether the fame be £. u his or her Property or the Property of any other Perfon or Perfon s	-	-	-	-	.	\ o

For every Hound, Pointer or Setting Dog, Spaniel, Temer or Lurcher, where only One fuch Dog is kept	-	•	o (t

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog where any Perfon (hall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination , the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fame be the j Property of him, her or them, or of any other Perfon or Perfon* - j o 14 1 For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Perfon having j , One fucn Dog and no more, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Perfon or i Perfons, the annual Sum of	-	-	.	L	I

Any Perfon who (hall have in his PofTeffion, Care or Kerat Dog whatever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, tie Duty or Tax on which (hall not have been charged on or paid 1 Owner of fuch Dogs, (hall or may be chargeable and charged and if fo charged (hall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable fa Dog, in the lame manner as fuch Owner is or ought to be ch or chargeable for the fame ; and it (hall and may be lawful toe and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from nwt Perfon, m the fame manner and with the like Powers as it would be lawful to colkA and levy fuch Rates, Dutid Taxes, of and from the Owner of fuch Dog, if the fine 1 the Pofleffion of fuch Owner ; and that Proof of the Payment I Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in refpe& of fuch Dog, by the ( thereof, (hall lie on the Perfon who (hall keep or have the fame or her Poffefljon, and not on the Officer$ and the Perfon fo j

A.D.181A

*6*GEO.IIL

C.6T,fo



Schedule (K.)—continued.

the fame, for or on behalf of the Owner as aforefaid, (hall hart a Lien on the laid Dog for the Amount of the Sum that fhall have been fo paid for or on behalf of fuch Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp under the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Doga kept by any Perfon who (hall, in refped of the fereral Dogs kept by inch Perfon in each Year, pay the hill Sum of Thirty fix Pounds Britiih Currency, by way of Compofition for all fuch Dogs, before the Twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

CAP. LVTII.

An A€t to repeal an Aft made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for allowing the Manufa&ure and Ufe of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter.

[aoth June 1816.3

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for allowing the Mann. faSure and Ufe of a Liquor prepared from4 Sugar /hr colouring Porter, and for indemnifying Per font who have manufaSured or ufed fuch Colouring, a Duty of Excife of Ten Shillings per Barrel was impofed for and in refped of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, prepared or made from burnt Sugar reduced to a Liquid by Solution in Water, to be mixed with Beer, commonly called or known by the Name of Porter% for the Purpofo of colouring the fame; and the Maker and Makers thereof was and were thereby required to .take out a Licence and Licences authorizing fuch Perfon or Perfons to make fuch Liquor, and to pay for each fuch Licence the Sum of Fire Pounds: And Whereas by another Ad, made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for granting to His Maje&y, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight bun-dred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excife Licences, an additional Sum of Five Pounds was and is required to be paid by fuch Maker and Makers on taking out fuch Licence as aforefaid: And Whereas great Frauds have been and are committed upon the Revenue, and alfo upon the Brewer and the Public,'under Pretence of ufing fuch Colouring j and it is expedient to repeal the faid Duty and the foid Payments fo refpedively required to be made on taking out fuch Licence as aforefaid, and alfo the foid Ad made in the Fifty firft Year aforefaid •/ Be it .therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, J>y and with the Advice and Confont of me Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefont Parliament affombled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight huhdred and foven-teen, the (aid recited Duty and the faid refpedive Payments fo required to be made, on taxing out fuch Licence as aforefoid, (hall ceafo and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that from and after the Day and Year foil aforefaid, the bid Ad, made ia the Fifty firft Year of His foid lyfojefty’s Reign, fhall be and the.

Y S	fame

31 0.3. c.87.

§«•

SS G. 3. & jo.

Sch. (A.) Tit Lienees,

Duty granted by

Si G. 3. c. 87.

§ 1. end

ss G.J. C..30. :

Sch.

repealed.

m

<3.58.

StTGEO. III*.

A.D.1J10

No Material or Preparation of the Defcription herein mentioned (ha)l be in Pofle(fion of any Brewer or Dealer, or ufed in colouring of Beer,

othefr thah Brown Malt.

Such Materials forfeited.

Penalty. Druggift, fcc. felling fuch Colouring to ally Brewer or Dealer,

fame is hereby repedkd* fave arid except ih 431 cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any tine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto refpeft* ively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thouland right hundred and feventeen.

II.	And be it further enafted. That frofn and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thonfand eight hundred and feventeen, no BflH^er Or Brewer* of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer 6t ftetdilm of Beer, (hall receive dr take into, or have in his, her trr thrir Ouftody Or Poflefflon ; or make, or ufe, or mix with, dr put into any Worth or Beer any Liquor, Extraft, Calx or other Material or PVt* paration for the Purpofe of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor, Eltfad, Calx 6r other Material or Preparation, fueh as has been heretofore or as (hall hereafter be made ufe of Tor or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, other than Brown Malt ground or unground, as commonly ufed in Brewing, or lhall receive or take into, or have ih his, hter or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, or ufe, or mix with, or put into any Worts or Beer, any MeiaiTes, Honey, Liqudrioe* Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Iodiks Grains of Paradife, Guiltea Pbppfcf or Dpinhi, or any Ettraft or Preparation pf Mdaffes, Hofcey, Li^udriW, vkiM, QnWfta, Cofcuki* Ihdtae, Gniks of PuradiftS Guinea Pepper dr OpniM or inf Article or Preparation WhatfibeVCr, for dr as a Sdbfektoth fhr Mah ttr Hops 5 and if any fuCh Brevter ot BfleWefs of, dr Deafer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers Of Beer, fllall fecriVe bT take into, or hate in bit, her or tfefeit Cdftddy dr PbflMfew, dr fhakt or afe in Bowing, or mit with or put into &ny Worts or BfeVi4, ttfiy Liqubc, Extrwft, Calk or other Material OT Prtparkridi fbr the Purpofe of darkening the Colour of Worts olr BkeT, brahy Liqubr, Extra#, Calx or other Material dr Preparation fueh as bfcfc hedn herfetofeh? or as (hall Hereafter be made ufe of for dr ih thb darkening of the Gokriir of Wttrth or Beer, Other n BVo#n Mbit, ground or onground, its commbnly ufed id Brewing, ot lhall tedeive, or take into, or haVe id his, her or their Cuftody dr PoffWSdn, or ftall ufe, or mix with, or put frtto any Worts or Beer any hfrirffes, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Qtmffia, Coculus India, Grinds df Pdthdlfe, Guinea Pepper, or any Extract dr Preparation of Mehrifes, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculhs Indite, Grains df Paradife, Guinea Pepper Ot Opium rtfpeftively, or any Article dr Preparation whdtfoever, fyf 6f as a Subftitute for Milt OT Hdps; all fitch Liquor, Ehtrt#, Calx, Mefeffes, Honey, Vitriol, Qustflta, Coculus Incuts, Graibs of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Extra#, Article and Preparation as dfofcfrid, and alfo the faid Worts and Beer rtfpedlitely, fhall be forfeited, together irith thr Orfks, VeflHa dr other Packages eontaimhg the feme, add lhall and may be ftfxed by any Officer or Officers df Etttife $ and ftkrh Brewer dr Brrivets of. Dealer or Dealers in or Retailer or Rhtrifersdf Beer, lb offending as afbrefaid, (hall for each ahd every filch'OflfenCe forfeit add lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

III.	And be it further onafted, That from and after the find Fifth Day of July One thonfand eight hundred and feventeen, no ^ ‘T or Dhiggifts, dr Vendbr of Vendors of, dr Deafer or in Drugs, or Chyurfft or Chymifts, or other PCrfbn dr Pen.

ions

jLD'int

3S9 GEO. IIL

C.58.

S27

Cons whatever, (hall felly fend or deliver, or caufe, procure, permit or fuficr to be lbl<U font or delivered to any lioenfed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knoWmg him, her or them to be fo ficenfed or to be reputed to be fo Ucenled, or /hall feU, fend or deliver, or caufe or procure to be fold, fent or delivered to any other Perfon or Perfons for or on account of, or in Truft for, or for the Ufe of any fuch Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or fold as Colouring, from whatever Materials the fame may have been made, or any Other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpofe of darkening the ^Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor or Preparation fuch as has been heretofore or fhall hereafter be made ufe of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Melafiea, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Qualfia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Extrad or Preparation of Melafles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Article or Preparation to be ufed in Worts or Beer, for or as a Subftitute for Malt or Hops rdpedively; aad if any Druggift or Druggifts, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or anj Chvmift or Chymifts, or. any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, mall tell, fend or deliver, or caufe, or procure, permit or Suffer to be (bid, fent or delivered to any licenfed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be (b liccafed, or to be reputed to be fo bceofed, or (hall fell, fend or deliver, or caufe or procure to be (old, lent or delivered to any other Perfon or Pterions for or oa account of, or in Truft for, or for the Ufe of any fuch Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of, or (old as Colouring, from whatever Materials the Same may have been made, or any other Material or Preparation other than onground Brown Malt, for the Puroofe of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, or any Liquor or Preparation fuch at has been heretofore ufed, or as (hall hereafter be made ufe of for or in tlw darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, except as aforefaid, or any Melaiies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quri&a, Coculus Iodise, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, or any Ex trad or Preparation of Melafles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Article or Preparation to be ufed in Worts or Beer for or as a Substitute for Maker Hops refjpe&ively, all fuoh Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or fold as Colouring, tend Material or Preparation for the Purpofe aforefaid, and Liquor and Preparation ufed or which /hall hereafter be ufed for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, Melafles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quatiur, Coculus Indise, Grams of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Extrad or fVe*-paration of Melafles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quafia, Coculus. Indise, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Popper, Opium and Article or Preparation to be ufed for or as a Subftitute for Malt or Hops rripodmly, (ball be forfeited, nod the fame refpedivriy (hall and may be (need try any Officer or Officers of Eacifa, and the DruggSt or Druggifts, Vender or Venders of, or Dealt* or Doaiens in Dtugs

other than ua-grouud Brown Malt;

or felting tnf Liquor called Colouring,

other than unground Brown Malt;

fuch Material forfeited*

or

Penalty. Recovery and Application of Penalties.

A£t maybe altered, &c.

55 G. 3-	$*•

!**

§6.

43 G. 3. c.8l. Sch (A.)

Indeed of-17*. ad on every Barrel of Malt,

C. 58, S9. &6*GEO. IIL A.D.1816.

or Chynrift or Chynrifts or other Perfon or Perfons whatever, fo offending, lhali for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed or created by this Ad, fhall be fued for, reeo* vered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcJhninftcr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefly, his Heirs 4uid Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who (hall inform, discover or fue for the fame.

V.	And be it enaded, That this. Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by-any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Ad to reduce the Duty of Excife on Malt made in /#r-land, and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in refped thereof.	[20th June 181&]

*	\\T HEREAS by an Ad made in the laft Seffion of Parliament,

*	W intituled An AS to grant to His Majefly certain increaftd 4 Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt, a Duty of Seventeen Shillings *. and Four pence Briti/b Currency was impofed on every Barrel 4 containing Four Wincbejfler Bufhels of Malt made in Ireland; and .4 by the faid recited Ad certain Countervailing Duties on Malt 4 and Beer made or Brewed in. Great Britain, and imported into 4 Ireland\ and certain Drawbacks on Malt and Beer exported from 4 Ireland^ were granted, allowed and‘made payable; And Whereas 4 by the laid recited Ad it was, among other things, enaded, that 4 whenever it (hould happen that any Part of the Duties of Excife 4 on Malt granted or made payable in Great Britain, by any Ad in 4 force at the time of the palling of the faid recited Ad, fhould ceafe 4 or determine, Provifion fhould be made that a like Proportion of 4 the'Duty of Excife on Malt in Ireland, under the faid recited Ad, / fhould in like manlier ceafe or determine or be repealed, and the 4 Duty of Excife ou Malt made payable by the faid Ad fhould be V reduced accordingly: And.Whereas the Duties , on Malt made in 4 England and Scotland, granted by an Ad of the Forty third Year 4 of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An.A3 for granting to 1 His Majefly, until Twelve Months after the Ratfication of the 4 jDefinitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excife is 4 Great Britain ; arid which, by various Ads were continued until 4 the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred, and fixteep, -4 will ceafe and determine on the laid Fifth Day of July One thou-? fand eight hundred and fixteen Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Con* fent. of the. Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons iu this prefent Parliament affembled* and by the authority of the fame, .That the Sum of Eight Shillings Briti/b Currency on every Barrel of Malt .containing. Four Bufhels Wincbefler Meafure, which, at any

time

A.B.1816,	56* GEO. III.	C. 59-

time. after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland^ (Part of the Duty of Excife of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence on every Barrel of Malt granted by the faid recited Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament,) (hall ceafe and determine; and that for and upon every fuch Barrel of Malt which, at any time or times after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen (hall be made of Barley or other Corn or Grain in Ireland by any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, whether the fame (hall be or (hall not be for Sale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence Britijb Currency, and no more, and fo proportionally for any greater or kfs Quantity, (hall be paid by the Malt iter or Maker thereof refpe&iyely, • in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the paffing of this' Ad.

II.	And be it further enaded. That for all Dry Malt ground or unground which, ori the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be in the Stock of any Maltfter or Maker of .Mbit for Sale, or Fador or Dealer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Diftiller ia Ireland, for which the Duties payable by Law (hall have been duly charged or .paid, .and alfo for all Malt chargeable with Duty in refped of aU Corn or Grain which, on the faid Futb Day of July One tnonfand eight hundred and Sixteen, (hall be in Procels of being made into Malt in the Malting Houfe or Premifes of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, there (hall be.' allowed and paid the Sum of Eight Shillings Britijb Currency, on and for every Barrel of Malt cnarged or cnargeable with, or which (hall have paid the Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence under the dud recited Ad of the lift Seffion of Parliament, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expreffed.

III.	And be it further enaded, That for all Spirits diftilled in Ireland)_ which (hall be in the Stock of any Diftiller in Ireland on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or which (hall have been warehoused in any of His Majefty’s Ware-boufet or Stores in Ireland by any Diftiller purfuant to Law, at any time before the Said Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and which (hall be in the faid Warehouses on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and for all Wa(h, Pot Ale and Singlings m the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller on the Said Fifth Day of July, there (hall be allowed to the Diftiller of fuch Spirits, or to the Proprietor of fuch Spirits fo warehoufed, for every Gallon of fuch Spirit* the Sum of Four pence Britijb Currency ; and for all fuch Wa(h, Pot Ale and Singlings, a Sum of Four pence Britijb Currency, on every Gallon of Spirits which, on a Calculation of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Wa(h, or Pot Ale, and of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons and a Half of Singlings would be the Produce of fuch Wa(h, Pot Ale or Singlings, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expreffed.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the laid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Sum of Eight Shillings Britijb Currency, on every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bulhels W'tnebejler Meafure made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland) (Part of the Countervailing

Duty

3«f

9*. 4<1. ftull be paid.

Allowance of 8s. per Barrel for Dry Malt in Stock.

Allowance for Spirits and Wifli in Stock.

Inftead of 8a. per Barrel on Malt, a Couutervailmj Duty of 9«.

328

C. 58, 89.

&*GEO.IIL

A.D. 18l6»

or Chymift or Chymifts or other Perfon or Perfonr whatever, fo offending, fhali for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Penalty.	Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	.

Recovery and IV. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Application of Forfeitures impofed or created by this Ad, fhali be fued for, reco-Penalties. vered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by A&ion of Debtj Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at IVefiminJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland •	refpediveiy; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty

or Forfeiture fhali be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who fhali inform, dif-cover or fue for the fame.

Ad may be	V. And be it enaded, That this A€t may be altered, amended

altered,Sec.	or repealed by.any Alt or Ada to be made in this prefent Seffioa

of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An A& to reduce the Duty of Excife on Malt made in Ireland, and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in refpe£t thereof.	[aoth June 1816.]

55 G. 3. c.6a.	* \\T HEREAS by an Ad made in the lafib Seffion of Parliament,

§ i»	* W intituled An AS to grant to His Majciy certain increaftd

* Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt, a Duty of Seventeen Shillings

*. and Four pence Briti/b Currency was impofed on every Barrel

4 containing Four IVinchefitr Bufhels of Malt made in Ireland; and

by the faid recited Ad certain Countervailing Duties on Malt

4 and Beer made or Brewed in. Great Britain, and imported into

4 Ireland, and certain Drawbacks on Malt and Beer exported from

§ 6.	4 Ireland, were granted, allowed and made payable: And Whereas

4 by the faid recited Ad it was, among other things, enaded, that

4 whenever it fhould happen that any Part of the Duties of Excife

4 on Malt granted or made payable in Great Britain, by any Ad in

- 4 force at die time of the palling of the faid recited Ad, fhould ceafe

4 or determine, Provifion fhould be made that a like Proportion of

4 the'Duty of Excife on Malt in Ireland» under the (aid recited Ad,

.4 fhould in like manuer ceafe or determine or be repealed, and the

4 Duty of Excife on Malt made payable by the faid Ad fhould be

V reduced accordingly: Aad.Whereas the Duties on Malt made in

41 g. 3.C.81.	4 England and Scotland, granted by an A St of the Forty third Year

Sch. (A.)	« of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An.A3 for granting Ut

4 His Maftfiy*, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the

4 Definitive Treaty, of Peace9 certain additional Duties of Excife in

i Great Britain; and which bv various Ads were continued until

4 the Fifth Day qf July One thoufand eight hundred and Hxteep,

-4 will ceafe and determine on the (aid Fifth Day of July One thou*

,* land eight hundred and fxxteen ;* Be it therefore enacted by The

Xing’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fent. of the. Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons iu this

, •	prefent Parliament affembled* and by the authority of tbe fame,

Inftead of .That the Sum of Eight Shillings Briti/b Currency on every Barrel

i7<. 4d 00 every of Malt containing. Four Bufhels Wincbcjler Meafure, which, at any Barrel of Malt, ;

A.D.1816.

.56® GEO. III.

0*59*

399

time, after the find Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred 9* flullbe

and fixteen, {hall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Gram in

Ireland, (Part of the Duty of Excife of Seventeen Shillings and

Four pence on every Barrel of Malt granted by the faid recited Aft

of the laft Seflion of Parliament,) (hall ceafe and determine; and

that for and upon every fuch Barrel of Malt which, at any time or

times after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred

and iixteen (hall be made of Barley or other Corn or Gram in Ireland

by any Perfon or Perfons whom foe ver, whether the fame (hall be

or (hall not be for Sale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence

Brhijb Currency, and no more, and fo proportionally for any greater

or kfs Quantity, (hall be paid by the Maltfter or Maker thereof

refpe&ixely, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue

of any Aft or Afta in force in Ireland immediately before the paffing

of this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted. That for all Dry Malt ground or Allowance of 8s. unground which, on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight Pf* ®*Jrel for hundred and iixteen, (hall be in the Stock of any Maltfter or Maker	*	m

of. Mbit for Sale, or Faftor or Dealer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Diftiller in Ireland, for which the Duties payable by Law (hall have bean duly charged or paid, and alfo for all malt chargeable with Duty in refpeft of aU Corn or Grain which, on the laid Fifth Day of - "---------f	? " "	5 1	" ” ’	" fstof

Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, there Audi be. allowed and paid the Sum of Eight Shillings Britijb Currency, on and for every Barrel of Malt charged or chargeable with, or which (hall have paid the Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence under the laid recited Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and exprefled.

III.	And be it further enafted. That for all Spirits diftilled in Allowance for Ireland, which (hall be in the Stock of any Diftiller in Ireland on ?^cri*Vnd Wa<h the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, m Stock* or which (hall have been warehouied in any of His Majefty’s Ware* houfes or Stores in Ireland by any Diftiller purfuant to Law, at any time before the laid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and Iixteen, and which (hall be in the faid Warehoufes on the faid Fifth Day of July Ode thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and for all Waft, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller on the laid Fifth Day of July, there (hall be allowed to tbe Diftiller of fuch Spirits, or to the Proprietor of fuch Spirits fo warehoufed, for every Gallon of fuch Spirits the Sum of Four peace Briti/b Currency ; and for all fuch Waft, Pot Ale and Singlings, a Sum of Four pence Briti/b Currency, on every Gallon of Spirits which, on a Calculation of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Waft, or Pot Ale, and of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons and a Half of Singlings would be the produce of fuch Waft, Pot Ale or Singlings, in manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned and exprefled.

IV. And be it further enafted, That from and after the laid Fifth tnftead of 8s. per Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Sum of Barrel 011 M^lt, Eight Shillings Brrti/iCamacj,ori every Barrel of Malt coo* tuning Four Buihels Wtnthtfltr Meafure made to Gnat Britain, y and imported from thence into Inland, (Part of the Countervailing

Duty

9*0	C.S9.	66*	GEO-	III.	A.D.1S1&

Dtty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence on every (ach Band of Mak granted by the faid A€t of the kft Seffion of ratliainenft, and of the equivalent Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland to Gnat Britain of any Malt made ill Inland*) (hall be repealed and fliall ceafe and determine; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, there fhall be charged for and upon every finch Barrel of Malt made in Gnat Britain, and imported from thence, after the faid Fifth Day of Jmfy One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, dire&ly into Inland, the Countervailing Duty or Sum of Nine Shffimga and Four pence Britijb Currency, and no more, in Ueu and full Satssfa&fai of ail Countervailing Duties whatever payable on foch Mah, under or by virtue of any Ad or A£U of Parliament in force in Inland immediately before the puffing of this A& % and that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt made in Inland) then (ball he allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty by this Ad made payable' on Mult made in Great Britain and imported into Inland*

Inftead of 5s. 66. V. And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the fakl Fifth on every Barrel j)ay Qf Que thoufcnd eight bondrtd and fixteen, the 8um of Countervailing	Shillings and Sixpence Britijb Currency, on every Barrel of

Duty of 6s.6d. Beer or Ale containing Thirty two Gallons brewed or made in Gnat on Exportation Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, (Putt of the Coun-fromorto Great tervailiag Duty of Twelve Shillings on every fbch Barrel of Beer ^	g1*0**^	hy the faid recited A A of the left Sdffiotv of Purlin-

re pc ire y. Jne||t> ancj fa cqumleut Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, of Beer or Ale mode or brewed in Inland,) fliall be repealed, and Audi ceafe and determine j and that from and after the laid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, there (hall be charged for and upon every fitch Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain and imported from thence after the (aid Fifth Day of July One thou&nd eight hundred and fixteen dire&ly into Inland, the Countervailing Duty or Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence Brkt/b Currency, and no more, in beu and foil Satisfa&ton of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on (uch Beer or Ale, under or by virtue of any A6t or Acta of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the paffing of this Ad; and Chat upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain after the find Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen of any Beer or Ale brewed in Ireland, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty by tms A& made payable on Beet or Ale made or brewed il Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

Inftead of the VI. And be it farther ena&ed. That from and after the (aid Fifth Drawbacks now D*y af July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Sum of payable the fol- Eight Shillings Britifb Currency, (Part of the Drawback or Aflow-pJa?*	ance	of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence, made payable by the (aid

A& of the left Seffion of Parliament,] on every Barrel of Malt made in Ireland and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, and abb the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence Britijb Currency (Part of the Drawback or Allowance of Twelve Shillings, ratrib payable by the faid Ad of the 1aft Seffion of Parliament) on every Barrel of Brer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any Other Pkc* than Great Britain, (hall be repealed, and (halt ceafe aud detmnme» and

that

A.B. ieie.

GEa IIL

G* 5Q4

391

that from and after the find Fifth Day of July One thotsfaad eight hundred and fixteeft, inftead of all former Drawbacks on Mtlt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any othtr Place than Ortat Britain, there fhall be paid to every Perfon who (hall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Mak or any Strong Beer or Ale made or btewed in Ireland, the Drawbacks and Allowances following; that is to fay* for every Bahr! of fuch Malt con taming Four Eufhelft Winchejltr Mcafnre the Sum of Nine Shillings and Four pence* Britijb Currency ; and for every Barrel of fufch Beer or Ale the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence, Britijb Currency, and no more ; and the laid Drawbacks (hall be pud in like manner and under fuch Regulations and Di* re&iobs as fere esprefled, mentioned and contained m the frid recited Aft of the laft Sdfion of Parliament.

VII,	And m atde*r to ascertain the Amount of the Allowances hy this AA allowed and made payable in refpeft of Malt and Spirits in the Stock of Maltfters or Makers ot Malt for Sale, or Fa&ufs or. Dealers in Malt, Brewers and Diftiilers in Ireland, be ft eha&ed, Thfct the Officfet Or Officers of Excife, >n charge of the Malting Hdufe, Stores Or Wfcrehoufes of any Makfter or Maker of Malt for Safe, or Fadtor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Diftillery or HieweTy in Ireland, (hall gauge and take an Account 6f the Quantity of ail Dry Malt ground or onground which fhall be in the Stock of any Maimer or Maker of Malt for Sale, or of a*y Fa&at hr Deafer ih Mak, or of any Common Brewer or of nay Diftiller id Month on the frid Fifth Day of Jtdy One thoufrnd eight bandied aodfrxfcten, ahd fhbH in hke manner take On Account of the Quantity of all Com or Gtxiu in Pfdcefr of being made into Mah, whicfl Audi be in the Stook, Cnftody or Pdfcffion of ahy Makfter or Maker of Mult for 8ale, or BitWer or Diftiller making Malt in Ireland, on the fad Fifth Day of July Ode tboofand eight hundred and fixtecu; and every futh Officer or Officers fhatt, within Ten Days after taking fuch Account, make a Return m Writing to the CtoHe&or of Exeife of the f*fy>edtrre Diffcrids in which fuch dry or Cam Or Oram in Procefs of being made intolMalt (hall have beeb, on the frid Fifth Day of July One thoofand eight hundred and fixtetn, of the iaft and true Quantity of all fuch Dry Malt in the Stock of every fUch Makfter or Maker of Malt, or Fhdtor or Deafer in Malt, or Common Brewer or Diftiller refpedively, and of the Quantity of Mrit changeable in refpedt of all Corn or Grain m Procefs of being made into Mak in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeflfoa of every fuch htahfter or Maker of Mak for Sale, or Brewer or Diftiller making Malt refpedfcively, and the Amount of the Allow* ance of Eight Shillings on every Barrel of Mah, as well for all Di*y Mak as for all Malt cborgftbre with Duty m txfpefr of all Cork or Gniu ** Procefs of beitig made into Mak, in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffiori of every fuch Maltfter or Maker of Mak, or Factor or Deafer in Mall, Common Brewer or Diftiller refpc&mly, oh the find Fifth Day of Jnly One thoofand eight hundred and flxteen % and every foeh Officer fhall and he is hereby featured to leave a true Copy of fuch Return in Writing under his Hand, With every fuch Mattftcr or Maker of Malt, or Foftor or Dealer in Malt, Brewer or Diftiller reflectively, or at his or their Malting Houfe, Brewery, IMtillery, Store Houfe or Dwelling Houfe refpe&ively*

and

Drawbacks of 9». *d. per Barrel of Malt, 6s. 66. per Barrel of Beer.

Officer* of Recife to take Ac* count of Stock at Dry Mah and of Mah in Vroeefk, in manner Herein direHed* and make a Return to Collector of Diftiitt, &c.

Officer to leave Copy of ReturO with Maltfter.

e. 59:

56* GEO. III.

A .D. I8ltf.

Mritfters chargtd in Return with the full Duty for the Month end* mg July 5.

Penalty.

An Account »lfo to be taken of Quantity of Spirits in Stock of Diftiller and Return made to Colle&or, Stc.

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Diftiller.

Penalty.

Spirits in Ware* houfe to be taken an Account of in like manner by Storekeeper, and Return made to Colleger.

» *

and to tranfmit a Duplicate of fitch Return to the Commiffioners of Inland Etcife and Taxes in Ireland: Provided always, that the Officer of Excife (hall in his Return againft any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or Brewer or Diftiller making Malt for the Month ending the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, charge fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, with the full Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence per Barrel impofed by the (aid recited A& of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for and in refpeft of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which by Law fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, (hall by Law be chargeable for fuch Malt, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omiffion in fo doing refpe&ively.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Officer or Officers of Excife in charge of the Diftillery of any Diftiller in Ireland* (hall gauge and take ;an Account of the Quantity of all Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland which fhall be in the Stock of any Diftiller in Ireland on the faid Fifth Day of Jtdf One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and of all the Wafh, Pot Ale and Singlings ia the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller on the faid Fifth Day of July ; and every fuch Officer or Officers (ball, within Ten Days after the taking of fuch Account, make a Retnm in Writing to the Colledor of Excife of the refpe&ive Diftri&s in which iuch Spirits (hall have been on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight. hundred and fixteen, of the juft and true Quantity of all fuch Spirits on the find Fifth Day of July in. the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of every fuch Diftiller refpe&ively, and of the Quantity of Spirits which ac* cording to the Calculation hereinbefore dire&ed would be pro* duceable from all Waih, Pot Ale and Singlings in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of fuch Diftiller on the faid Fifth Day of July* and alfo of the Amount of the Allowance of Four pence on every Gallon of fuch Spirits in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of every fuch Diftiller, and on every Gallon of Spirits produceable in refpe& of the Wafh, Pot Ale or Singlings, according to the Calculation aforefaid in the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ; and every fuen Officer (hall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of fuch Return in Writing under his Hand with every fuch Diftiller or at the Diftillery of luch Diftiller, and to tranfmit a Duplicate of fuch Return to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland* upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Negled or Omiffion in fo doing.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Storekeeper or other Perfon in charge of any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes in Ireland* in which any Spirits diftilled in Ireland (hall have beeu warehoused ac* cording to Law at any time previous to the (kid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall, within Ten Days after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nxteen, take ao Account of the Quantity of all Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland* which (hall be in fuch Warehoufe on the faid Fifth Day of July, with the Number and Contents of the Calks containing the fame, the Name and Addition of the Diftiller or Diftillers by whom fuch Spirits (hall have been refpeftively warehoused, and the:

13	Day

9.1811

5B° GEO. IIL

a 59#

SSI

it faaddferthe find Fifth Day of Jaly One thonfad eight Mbfebteea, infeed of ell former Drawbacks on Melt or on m^Akauk in Irdood\ end exported to any othtr Place then ' tJritam, there fell be paid to every Perfon who (hell legally |hn inland to any other Place than Great Britain, any r acj Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland, the cks ud Attowanoee following; that is to fay* for every inf fucb Malt cootaimny Foor Bufhelt Wtnebejkr Meafnre the lof Nine Shillings and Four pence, Britijb Currency \ and for y land of fuck Beer or Ale the Sum of Six Shillings and start, IMp Currency, and no more ; and the fed Drawbacks like manner and under fuch Regulations and Di« fesnapnflied, mentioned and contained in the fed recited ft of thekd Seflion of Parbament.

VI/. And in ottter to ascertain the Amount of the Allowances tba AA ifiowtd and made payable in refpeft of Malt and irils is tie Stock of Mahftero or Makers ol Malt for Sale, or fei or Men in Malt, Brewers and Diftilbrs in Ireland, bt tasfe, Tin die Office* Or Officers of Excife, in charge of the fegtinfct Stores Or Wurehotrfes of any Maltfter or Maker iMLfarkhi or Faster or Dealer in Malt, or of any Diftiliery thewtty k inland, flttell gauge and take an Account bf the feitjr of dl Dry Malt ground or tmgrouad which (hall be in the feat wyMdtfter or Maker of Malt for Bale, or of a*y Fa&ot ffinkrinMdt, v of smy Common Brewer or of any Diftiller id dads wfefed Fifth Day of Jah One thou&nd eight hundred aUnto, fetalin Bke manner take tan Account of the Quantity f si Cum or Otaa in Procefs of being made into Mah, which kite is tb Stock, Cmftwdy or Pofihffion of any Makfter or Maker flfdt hr hie, m Brtateer or Diftiller making Malt in Ireland, i he fad Fifth Day of Jaly One thotefand eight hundred and h»{«d tatty fucb. Officer or Office#! (hah, within Ten Days hr taking feh Account, make a Return in Writing to the Ufcfhc i Excife cf the reQiefkive Diftri&s in which fuch dry H>trCfeiirGfam in Procefs of being made intolMalt (hall have fe <DtkU Fifth Day of July One thoafand eight hundred and tb j»ft and true Quantity of aM fuch Dry Mbit in the hi rf ewrr tech Makfter or Maker of Malt, or Fa&or or Dealer 'hilt,« Cowmen Brower or Diftiller refpedively, and of the bfidwtf l(d chalgtaabk in rfcfpefk of all Corn or Grain in Pm. A of being ande into Mak in the Stock, Cuftody or PofeAon ferny fuch Itshfter or Maker of Mak for Sale, Or Brewer or )iftiller making Malt refpefevely, and the Amount of the Allow* test Eight Shillings on every Barrel of Mah, hs well for all DPy « ■ fcr ill Mak chargeable with Duty m refpefk of all Corn rGtab b jfeerfs of bring made into Mak, in the Stock, Cuftody wsry fuch Maltfter or Maker of Mak, otr Factor or isMaft, Coarmoa Brower or Diftiller rtfpeftirely, on the “"Mkltyef Jaly One thowfeid eight hundred and fatten?

Officer (haft and he n hereby required to have a twefetf fuch Return in Writing tinder hb Hand, vtith every to tfcfab or Maker of Malt, or Faftor or Dealer in Malt, tow* Diftiller refpc&ively, or at his or their Malting Houfe, Sitikry, Stare Houfe or Dwelling Houfe refpe&hfey*

and

Drawbacks of 9». 4d. per Barrel of Mak, 6s. 6d. per Barrel of Beer.

Officers of Strife to tike Account of Stack Of Dry Malt and of Malt in VroctOs in manner herein directed, and make a Return to Colleger of Diftrift, Ac.

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Maltfter.

C. 59.

6&* GEO. lit

A.RW1H

98*

If Duty not paid at fuch extended time, Penalties.

Permit not granted till Dudes paid.

Duties, Draw* backs and Penalties levied, paid and re-] covered, as by

14 fc 15 Car. 2.

(»o

46 0.3. c. 106, and other Ada in force in Ireland.

accordingly $ and in default thereof fuch Makfter or Maker of Mali for Sale mall be fubjed and liable to fuch Penalties and Forfeiture* a* he would be fubjed to in cafe of any Default of paying focb Duty or Duties at the time now preferibed by Law for the Payment of the fame, as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Penalties and Forfeitures were reenaded herein and made applicable to enforce the Payment of the fame at the Expiration of fuch extended time 1 Provided always, that no Permit (hall be granted for the Removal of any fuck Malt out of the Stock of any Makfter or Maker of Mau before all the Duties payable thereon fhall have been fully paid and fatisfied.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral reduced Duties and Drawbacks by this Ad declared to be payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad (hall be railed, levied, collected, paid, fued for, recovered and applied in fuch manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fiich Rules and Diredioss, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direded and expreffcd for the railing, collecting, paving, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or tor the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS few fettling the Excife or new Impojl upon His MajeMy, bis Heirs or 8ucceffors9 according to the Booh of Rates therein injerted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefeat Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral ASs relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the management of the Commiffioners of Cujlome and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioet-ere of Inland Exetfe and Taxes in Ireland; or by any other Act or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effodually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein exprefied and eaaded, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as ia and by the faid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or by any other Ad or Ads as aforefeid, ia provided; and that all and every Ad and Ada in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excife on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Claufes, matters and things therein contained, (hall extend and he coaftruod to extend to the railing, levying and colieding the reduced DutaV and Drawbacks by this Ad declared to be payable, as folly and effe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeal and recnaded in this Ad*

Kill. And be it further enaded. That this Aft Buy bf altered amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in tfof prefect Seffion of Parliament*

Aft nay be



WGEO.IIL

c.ea

83*

CAP. LX.

An Ad to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends (hall remain unclaimed for the Space of at lead Tea Tears at the Bank of England^ and alfo all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums iflfued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which (hall not have been demanded for the Oune Period, to the Comnwfikwers for the Reduction of the National Debt*

[20th Jumt 1816.3

*	WHEREAS it is juft and expedient that all Capital Stock 4 VV in refpeft of which any Annuities conftituting aay Part

*	of the National Debt are payable > at the Bank of England* and 4 upon or in refpeft of which tne Dividends (hall be due and remain 4 unclaimed for the Space of at leaft Ten Years, and alfo all Lot*

4 tery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums iflued for paying

*	the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which (hall not have been

*	demanded for the fame Period, fhould be transferred to the Com*

*	sniffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under certain ‘ Reftriftions and Regulations, for the Public ServiceBe it therefore eoafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That immediately and from time to time after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, all the Capital Stock in refpeft of which any Annuities conftituting any Part of the National Debt are payable at the Bank of England^ and alfo the Annuities for Years, commonly called Long Annuities, and other terminable Annuities, and upon which or in refpeft whereof no Dividends /hall have been demanded for the Period of Ten Years or upwards preceding the laft Day upon which any Dividend upon any fiich Stock or Annuities (hall have become due or payable (except where the Payment of any fuch Dividends (hall have been or fluin be reftrained by the Order or Injunction of a Court of Equity), (hall bn transferred, in manner hereinafter mentioned, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* from the Account or Accounts, Name or Names, in which the fame is and (lands in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* unto a new and (eparate Account to be raifed in the Names of the Commiffioners for the time being for the Reduction of the National Debt; and immediately after luch Transfer, the Name or Names in which fuch Stock flood immediately previous to fuch Transfer, and the Refidcnce and Defcription of the Parties, the Amount transferred, and the Dates of fucb Transfers, (hall be entered upon a Lift to be kept at the Bank for that Purpofe, which Lift (hail be open for Infpeftion at the ufual Hours of Transfer at the Bank.

II.	And be it further enafted, That all Transfers to be made in purfuanoe of this Aft (haft be made and figned by the Accountant General or the Secretary of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Esxland for the rime being, and (hall be as food, valid and ef* fe&usl, to all Intents and Purpofcs, as if figned by the Party or

Parties

All Stock epos which Dividend** have remained

unclaimed for Ten Yem, to be transferred to the Commiflion-eisfor the Reduction of the National Debt.

Lift of Parties ia whole Names Stock flood open for Infpe&ion.

Transfers to be made by Accountant Gene* ral or Secretary of the Bank of England, who are indemnified*

C.60.

56® GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Duplicate Regif-ter of Tnnifer* kept in Office of Commiffioners.

Dividends on fuch Stocks in* veiled from time to time, to accumulate for Benefit of Parties, or, if they do not claim, for the Public Service.

Bank of England empowered to direct Transfers to any Perfon eftthlKhing a Claim to any fuch Stock, and pay the Dividends thereon.

Claim Hated by

Petition.

Parties in whole Name or Names the Stock or Annuities fo transferred /hall it and at the time of fuch Transfer; and the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the laid Accountant General and Secretary of the faid Governor and Company, (hall be and they are hereby indemnified and faved harmlefa for making and executing all fuch Transfers under and by virtue of this Alt, and (hall not be in any manner refponfible or accountable to the Perfon or Perfons entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Stock or Annuities which (hall be fo transferred, or to his, her or their Executors or Adminiftrators, or to any other Perfon claiming by, from or under him, her, them or any of them, or to any other Perlon or Perfons whatsoever having or claiming any Intereit whatsoever therein.

III.	And be it farther ena&ed, Thgtt a Duplicate Regifter of the Lift fo made and kept at the Bank of England, of all fuch. Transfers as aforefaid, (hall be kept in the Office of the Commiflion-ers for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, in which an Entry (hall be made of every fuch Transfer, immediately after the fame (hall have been made.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Dividends upon the Capital Stock or Annuities fo transferred (hall from the refpe&ive times of the Transfer thereof, and all Lottery Prizes or Benefits which (hall have remained unclaimed Ten Years and upwards, and all Balances of Sums iflued for paying the Principals of Stocks and Annuities which (hall not have been demanded for the fame Period, be paid to the Account of the Commilfioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being, and (hall be from time to time invefted by the faid Commilfioners in the Purchafe of other like Capital Stock, to be placed to a feparate Account, which (hall be called “ The Account of Unclaimed Dividends,” and fo from time to time as fuch Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, Principals of Stocks and Annuities become due and can be fo invefted; and all fuch Dividends, and the Capital Stock arifing from the Inveftment thereof as aforefaid, (hall be held by the faid Commilfioners for the Public, fubje& neverthelefs to fuch Claims as may thereafter be made by the refpe&ive Parties entitled thereto, of fuch Stock, and of the Dividends due thereon.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the time being, to authorize and dire& the Accountant General or Secretary of the faid Governor and Company for the time being, to retransfer any fuch Capital Stock to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall (hew, to the Satisfa&ion of fuch Governor or Deputy Governor, his, her or their Right or Title thereto, and to pay the Dividends due thereon ; and alfo to pay any fuch Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforefaid, as if the fame had not beep transferred or paid to the Commilfioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt; but in cafe the faid Governor or Deputy Governor (hall not be fatisfied of the Juftice or Legality of any Claim or Claims which (hall be made to any Stock, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock or Annuities, fo transferred or paid to the Account ot the Commilfioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, then and in every fuch cafe the Claimant or Claimants (hall and may, by Petition in a fummary Way, date and vprify his, her or their Claim to fuch Stock, Lottery Prizes or Benefits fend Principal*

A.D.1816,

56° GEO. III.

C.60.

837

pals of Stock or Annuities, to the High Court of Chancery or to the Court of Exchequer, and a Copy of every fuch Petition (hall be Copy of fuch ferved upon His Majefty’s Attorney General for the time being, and Petition ferved alfo upon the Commimoners for the Redu&ion of the National »»Attorney Debt; and the Court to which fuch Petition (hall be prefented (hall ^eneril,» *c* and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make fuch Order thereon, either for the Transfer of the Stock or Annuities to which fuch Petition (hall relate or refer, and for Payment of the Dividends which (hall have accrued or become due and payable thereon, or for Payment of fuch Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforefaid, or otherwife relating thereto, and to the CoiU of fuch Application, as to fuch Court refpe&ively (hall appear to be juft; and all Cofts and Expences which (hall be in- Cofts of Attor-curred by or on behalf of His Majefty’s Attorney General or the faid n*y General, Commtffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, in refilling or &c*bow appearing upon every fuch Petition (if not* ordered by the Court to whom the Application (hall be made to be paid out of the Stock or • Annuities and the Dividends thereby claimed) (hall be paid by the (aid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, out of the Dividends or Annuities to be received by them under or by virtue of this A£t, and which (hall not be claimed ; and in cafe where any Transfer or Payment (hall be made to any fuch Claimant or Claimants as aforefaid, either with or without the Authority of either of the (aid Courts, the faid Governor and Company (hall caufe Notice to be given to the Commiffioners for the Reda&fcm of the National Debt, at their Office, of every fuch Transfer or Payment, within Three Days from the time or making the fame. #

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Governor and De- Governor and puty Governor of the Bank of England, and the Accountant Ge- DePuly Gov«r-neral and Secretary of the faid Governor and Company, (hall be ^^nified in” and they are hereby indemnified and faved harmlefs for and in refpeft refpeitof Trans-of any Transfer or Transfers which (hall be made from the Account fers made to of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt for Claimant* and the time being of any fuch Stock or Annuities as aforefaid, and alfo	°*

for Payment of the Dividends due thereon, and alfo for Payment lvl n *’ of any fuch Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities as aforefaid, to any Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch Stock,

Annuities and Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities refpe&ively; and that in cafe any fuch'

Stock, Annuities, Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities, or the Accumulations thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively (hall, after the Transfer or Payment thereof, be claimed by any other Perfon or Perfons, the faid Governor and Company, or the faid Governor or Deputy Governor, or the faid Accountant General or Secretary refpe&ively for the time being, adling in making fuch Transfer or Transfers, and in paying the Dividends on the Stock or Annuities thereby transferred, or any fuch Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stocks or Annuities as aforefaid, or the Accumulations thereof re-fpe&ively, (hall not be anfwerable or refponfible for the fame to any fuch new or other Claimant or Claimants, but fuch new or other Claimant or Claimants (hall have their Recourfe againft the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Transfer or Transfers of the faid Stock or Annuities (hall have been made, and the Dividends, Lottery PriAs 56 Cko. III.	Z	or

C.	60, 61, 62.	£6°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1816.

or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities and Accumulations thereon refpeftively paid.

A Second	VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if in any

Claimant prov- cafc where fuch new or other Claimant or Claimants a9 aforefaid (hall inghu Right. have eftablifhed his, her or their Right and Title to any fuch Stock obtai^Transfer Annuities, Dividends, or Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances aa from Firft aforefaid, as (hall have been transferred and paid to a Firft Claimant Claimant, Court or Claimants, and (hall not be able to obtain the Transfer and Pay-of Chancery, ment thereof from fuch Firft Claimant or Claimants to whom the See. to order fame (hall or may have been erroneoufiy transferred and paid, then forlRedutUon*ef an^ *n every ca^e tlie laid Court of Chancery or Court of Ex-National Debt chequer (hall, and they are hereby refpeftively authorized and em-to transfer fuch powered upon Application by Petition of fuch new or other Claimant Stock in their Qr Claimants, verified as fuch Court (hall direct or require, to order the Commiftioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to tnuis-e cicnt.	to fuch new or other Claimant or Claimants fuch Sum or Sums

in Stock, and to pay him, her or them fuch Sum or Sums in Money as and for the Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances as aforefaid, as to fuch Court (hallappear to be juft; which Transfers (hall be made from Stock transferred into the Names of the faid Commiftioners under or by virtue of this Aft ; and the Payment of Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Balances as aforefaid, (hall be made from Dividends received by fuch Commiftioners upon fuch Stock transferred into their Names as aforefaid, or th£ Accumulations thereof, or from the Sale of Stock purchafed with fuch Dividends or Accumulations, or any other Monies at the^Difpofition of the faid Commiftioners.

CAP. LXL

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be railed by Lotteries.	[20th	June	1816.]

[60,000 Ticketi,"]

CAP. LXII.

An Aft for erefting an Harbour for Ships to the Eaftward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin.	[20th June 1816.]

*	\\J HE REAS the Ereftion of an Afylum Harbour, or Place

<	VV of Refuge for Ships and Veftels to the Eaftward of Dun-

*	It ary 1 within the Port of Dublin, will be of great Advantage as « well to the Ships and Veftels trading to the faid Port, as to the « Ships and Veftels of His Majefty’s Navy which may be in the

*	Irijb Channel; and will alfo be of great Utility to the Trade and

<	Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland : And Whereaa by

55 G. 3, c. 191, * virtue of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Vi.	<	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& to authorise the Appointment of

*	Commtffionersfor erecting an Harbour for Ships to the. Eajlivard of *• Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, certain Perfbus

*	were appointed and authorized bv the Lord Lieutenant for the

<	time being to carry the faid recited Aft into Execution, as, in. the 1 faid Aft mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to provide

<	for the Expence of making, improving and completing the feidL c Harbour, and for the due Application, of the fame, and whatever

• Sums

56« GEO. III.

C.60.

S37



.U16.

^ SbA « Annuities, to the High Court of Chancery or to TttTExdKqoer, and a Copy of every fuch Petition (hall be Attorney General for the time being, and Commimoners for the Redu&ion of the National 1 the Court to which fuch Petition (hall be prefented (hall i hereby authorized and empowered to make fuch Order icr for the Transfer of the Stock or Annuities to which fhall relate or refer, and for Payment of the Divi-(hall have accrued or become due and payable thereon, , nt of fuch Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of ^Annuities as aforefaid, or otherwife relating thereto, and I of Inch Application, as to fuch Court relpc&ively fhall tto be juft; and all Cods and Expences which fhall be inns behalf of His Majefty’s Attorney General or the faid > for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, in refilling or m every fuch Petition (if not'ordered by the Court to ktSe Application (hall be made to be paid out of the Stock or ' the Dividends thereby claimed) fhall be paid by the noers for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, out of tor Annuities to be received by them under or by virtue ft Aft, and which (hall not be claimed ; and in cafe where any At or Payment fhall be made to any fuch Claimant or Claim-Vafbrefaid, either with or without the Authority of either of 'I Coons, the faid Governor and Company fhall caufe Notice i to the Commiffioners for the Redn&ibn of the National \ it their Office, of every fuch Transfer or Payment, within ft Day* from the time or making the fame.	#

. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Governor and De-I Governor of the Bank of England, and the Accountant Ge-fsad Secretary of the faid Governor and Company, fhall be tt hereby indemnified and faved harmlefs for and in refped J Transfer or Transfers which fhall be made from the Account pCommiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for e being of any fuch Stock or Annuities as aforefaid, and alfo /meat of the Dividends due thereon, and alfo for Payment rfach Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and ‘ fas aforefaid, to any Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch Stock, r and Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals and Annuities refpe&ively; and that in cafe any fuch' , Annuities, Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Prin-I of Stock and Annuities, or the Accumulations thereof, or or Parts thereof refpe&ively fhall, after the Transfer or ; thereof, be claimed by any other Perfon or Perfons, the - and Company, or the faid Governor or Deputy Go-i or the faid Accountant General or Secretary refpedtively s time being, a&ing in making fuch Transfer or Transfers, ft plying the Dividends on the Stock or Annuities thereby transfer any fuch Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of W Annuities as aforefaid, or the Accumulations thereof re-bf, fhall not be anfwerable or refponfible for the fame to any 1 ftftt or other Claimant or Claimants, but fuch new or other _ ■** * Claimants fhall have their Recourfe againft the Perfon f to whom fuch Transfer or Transfers of the faid Stock or f Sail have been made, and the Dividends, Lottery Pri^s ft III.	Z	or

Copy of fuch Petition ferved on Attorney General, See.

Colts of Attorney General, &c. bow paid.

Governor and Deputy Governor and Officers indemnified in refpe.it of Transfers made to Claimants and Payment of Dividends.

338

A Second Claimant proving his Right, and unable to obtain Transfer from Firft Claimant, Court of Chancery,

See. to order Commillioners for Reduttion of National Debt to transfer fuch Stock in their Name as (hall be fufficient.

55 G. 3.C.191. * 1.

C. 60, 61, 62.	£6°	GEO.	III.	A	.D.

or Benefits, and Principals of Stock and Annuities and Ac ations thereon refpeftively paid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if cafe where fuch new or other Claimant or Claimants as aforefki have eftablifhed his, her or their Right and Title to any fuch Annuities, Dividends, or Lottery Prizes or Benefits, or Bain aforefaid, as fhall have been transferred and paid to a Firft Cl or Claimants, and (hall not be able to obtain the Transfer anc ment thereof from fuch Firft Claimant or Claimants to whsi fame fhall or may have been erroneoufly transferred and pai and in every fuch cafe the faid Court of Chancery or Courts! chequer fhall, and they are hereby refpeftively authorized and powered upon Application by Petition of fuch new or other Chi or Claimants, verified as fuch Court fhall direft or require^ to the Commillioners for the Reduction of the National Ifc&t to t fer to fuch new or other Claimant or Claimants fuch Sam or S in Stock, and to pay him, her or them fuch Sum sr Sam Money as and for the Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prims or B» fits, or Balances as aforefaid, as to fuch Court fhallappev take j which Transfers fhall be made from Stock transferred into Names of the faid Commiffieners under or by virtue of tins i and the Payment of Dividends, Annuities, Lottery Prizes or 1 fits, or Balances as aforefaid, fhall be made from Dividends rec by fuch Commiflioners upon fuch Stock transferred into their N as aforefaid, or th4 Accumulations thereof, or from the Sal Stock purchafed with fuch Dividends or^Vccumulatioas, or any< Monies at the^Difpofition of the faid Commiffionerg.

> CAP. LXI.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money u railed by Lotteries.	[20th/sow 1S1

[60,000 Ticket!."]

CAP. LXII.

An Aft for erefting an Harbour for Ships to the Eaftwar Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin.	[20th June itfj

€ \XJ HE REAS the Ereftion of an Afylum Harbour, orP

*	YV of Refuge for Ships and VefTels to the Eaftward of

*	leary, within the Port of Dublin, will be of great Advantl

<	well to the Ships and VefTels trading to the faid Port, as

<	Ships and VefTels of His Majefty’s Navy which may be

*	Irtjb Channel; and will alfo be of great Utility to the Trac « Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland •• And Where

<	virtue of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of Hu ft

<	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to authorise the Aftmtmt

*	Commijjtoners for erecting an Harbour for Ships to thei £ajfo<l *• Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, certain Pi

*	were appointed and authorized by the J^ord Lieutenant fq

*	time being to carry the faid recited Aft into Execution, as i « faid Aft mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to pi

<	for the Expence of making, improving and completing tbi

*	Harbour, and for the due Application of the fame, aoxfwhi

«!

C. 62.



56“ GEO. III.

330

%»arjbegranted by Parliament, or advanced by His Majefty

I

I

b*

rt

Si.

*

C. 62.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I!

HO

Form.

1C.D. do fwear that I will well and faithfully, without F or Concealment, do, perform and execute the feveral Dut* tached to the Office of [here name the Office,] to which I bit appointed by the Commiffioners for ereding an Afylum Hsi at Dunleary, and that I Will not accept or receive, diredlyo diredly, any Monies, Fees, Perquifitea or Profits, by W] Commiffion, Premium, Per Centage or otherwife, for or by* of the faid Office or any of the Duties annexed thereunto, & reafon of any Account, Contract or Payment made or to or in any way relating to the faid Harbour, or any of the Ml or Works thereof, lave fuch Payment and CompenfaDon d| fhall be paid or allowed to me by the faid Commiffionen:1

Commiffioners may contra#.

Former Nominations of Officers good.

Commiffioners may bring and defend Actions in the Name of their Secretary.

Which Oath any One of the faid Commiffioners is herebyauthori and required to adminifler; and if any fuch Secretary, Clerk or ol Officer, (hall be guilty of any Embezzlement, Conoabreof, Fr* or other matter, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of the 0 Oath, and be thereof convided, he (hall for the faid Offence faffert Pains and Penalties as for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be las

for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and < powered to contrad and agree with any fit and proper Perf* Perfons, Artificers, Workmen and others for the making, doing, repairing of all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Ere&ions,lk and Works by this Ad authorized, or direded to be done tnd| formed, or any Part thereof, or for fupplying any of the Maid for the fame, which Contra# (hall be figned by the Perfon orP| fons contrading or agreeing to perform fuch Works refpefbiJ and alfo by Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, or by the j cretary to the faid Commiffioners, authorized by the faid Cow fioners or any Three of them for that Purpofe, and that did trads which mall have been made or entered into, and aUNonn and Appointments of Engineers, Clerks, Secretary and other0 cers, which fhall have been made at any Time before the pdfiaJ this A#, by or on behalf or under the Authority of the Con fioners nominated and appointed in purfuance of the faid recitedJ of the Fifty fifth Year, fhall be and the fame are hereby dedw good, valid and effedual to all Intents and Purpofes, and (hall bed ried into effed, and have effed in like manner, as Contra&s, Noffl ations and Appointments made or to be made under the Authority this Ad.	I

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifioo) may fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary for the 0 being, by the Style and Title of Secretary to the Commiffiosen I Dunleary Harbour, and that all Adions, Suits, Proftcum 1 formations, Appeals and other Proceedings whatfoever, that ml be neceffary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any I nalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Ad, to had, taken, profecuted or defended by or again ft the faid Comrfl fioners fhall be bad, taken or profecuted in the Name of their I cretary, and that no Adion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Af? or other Proceedings to be had, taken, profecuted or defended or againft the Jfaid Commiffioners in the Name of their Secrrta| (hall abate kor be difeontinued by the Death, Sufpcafion orR«w

* D. 191&

56" GEO. III.

C. 62.

^W&crrtary, or by any A 61 or Default of fuch Secretary, done ^Mbei without tbe Conlent or DireAion of the faid Commiflioners, Secretary for the Time being (hall be always deemed the EProfecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Refpondcnt |rfuch A&ion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other "ngs, (as the cafe may be,) except in fuch AAion or Ac-it or Suits, as (hall be profecuted between the faid Com-\ and their Secretary for tne time being, in which AAion or r One of the faid Commiflioners (hall or may be Plaintiff or it (as the cafe may be} r Provided always, that every fuch y, is whofe Name any fuch AAion, Suit, Profecution, In-Appeal or other Proceeding (hall be bad, taken, profe-r defended in purfuance of this or the faid recited A A, (hall p remburfed, and paid out of the Monies applicable to the of this Ad, all fuch Cods, Charges, Damages and Ex-i by the Events, or in confequence of any fuch AAion, Suit, ion, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he or they 1 pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with r liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reafon of his or their being ) made Plamtiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant ■ lafaruBBts, Appellant or Appellants, Refpondent or Refpond-H as aforrfiid, unlefs fuch AAion or Suit (hall arifc in confequence f his own wilful NegleA or Default, or have been brought or com* Inced, or be defended without the Order of the faid Commiflioners.

VI.	And be it further enaAed, That the faid Commiflioners (hall, they are hereby authorized and empowered* to proceed in the king, improving and completing the faid Harbour, and in the [mldng toad completing a Road and Quay along the Beach and Shore jweftward of the faid Harbour, and alfo to make fuch other per-y. and temporary Roads to the faid Harbour as they (hall think tand Becedarj for the Benefit and Advantage of the faid Harbour, r for the Conveyance of Materials thereto, or to any of the faid Porks conneAed therewith as aforefaid, and alfo to make and ttantaui Refervoirs for fupplying with Water all Shipping and rVefeb as may refort to the faid Harbour; and that for the Ptirpofes this AA, all Quays, Piers, Buildings, EreAions and Works rer, heretofore made, ereAcd or built in the whole or in at any time before the palling of this AA, and all Ground, Laud, Rocks, Stones and Materials applied to fuch Pur* ? poles at, in or near Dunleary aforefaid, by the Public or out of r.£he Public Money, or under the Authority of any Parliamentary 'Grant, or any A A heretofore made, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, ‘EieAsons and Buildings whatfoever, which (hall or may be made, ended or built at any time after the palling of this AA, and all . Ground applied to fuch Purpofes under the Authority of this AA, Of of the Commiffioners hereby appointed ; and alfo aH fuch Land m& Ground, Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand within the faid Har* hour, as is or are overflowed by the Tide of the Sea,* fliafl be and tie fan* are hereby veiled in the faid Commiflioners for the Purpofes tftiuA a, until the faid Harbour and all fuch Works as aforefaid fcA V fully completed by and under the faid Commiflioners, an4 fewa ad after the time when the faid Commiflioners (hall deem the Ercffin, Completion and Improvement of the faid Harbour, and a# foch other Works as aforefaid completed, teftified by their Re-Z 3	presentation

twlatibevrr.

rfltnnd.

3*1

Death Sec. of Secretary no Abatement of Adiua,4ic.

Secretary reirn* burfed Ex pence 3 of Ad ion.

ComraHtionen empowered to execute this Ad.

Making Roads, Stc.

3*2

C.tt,

Roads, *c. veiled in Corporation for Improving For. of Dublin.

Lands may be entered to make Survey and fet out Land for Works, making Satisfaction for Damage.

Powers to Com-miflioners to enter Lands, and take Materials for Harbour and Works.



56* GEO. III.

A.D.1I

pjsfjpntatiop po that EfFc€t to the Lord Lieutenant or other 0 Governor pr Governors for tbp tine being, all the bid Harbof eroded, completed and improved, and all Roads, Piers, Works, and other Erp&ions and Buildings fo heretofore n which hereafter (hall bp made, erp&ed or built under the Ai of this Ad, or of the Commiffioners appointed under this A( the Ground and Soil on which the fame are or (hall be eref built, (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be from forth vetted, and (hall be and remain from thenceforth vefted^ Corporation fqr the preferring and improving the Port of B all the Powers by this Act or any other Ad given to or in the Commiffiopers for the Execution of this Ad, (ball be thenceforth vefted in and executed by the faid Corporation, and, faid Corporation (hall from thenceforth out of the Funds . the faid Corporation for the Purpofe of preferring and impro4f( the fort of Dublin, maintain, fapport and keep up the hid tig bout, and all the Roads, Quays, Works, Eredions and buidaj belonging thereunto, and fo becoming vefted in them under tkdfl thority of this Ad, in like roanney as they do the other Wads offi: laid Corporation within the Port and Harbour of Dublin. J

VII.	And be it further eoaded, That it (hall and may be lit to and for the Agents, Workmen and Servants of the faid Com iioperq, from time to time to enter upon all Lands or Grounds any Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate* or Collegiate, in, upol through which any of the Roads, Piers, Quays, Wqrkq, Ere&uxs Buildings authorized to be made undo: this Ad are intended to made, in order to furvey and take Levels of the fame, and to fet I mid ascertain fucb Parts thereof as the faid Conuniffioners (bail da pcceflary and proper for the Purpofes of this Ad, fuch Agents Servants making Satisfaction for fuch Damage as they (ballj thereby to the Occupiers of fuch Lands or Grounds for the ti being, in cafe the lame (hall exceed One Shilling Sterling.

VIII.	And for the making, improving and completing the 6 Harbour, and making, ufing and maintaining all fuch Road* Wq Piers, Docks, Quays, Reforvoirs, Works, Eredions and Buil^ as the faid CommiiuQners (hall deem necefTary for that Purpofe, a tor the Execution of this Ad according* to the Tenor and hN of the kme, be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Inf for the faid Commiffioners, and their Agents, Servants and WoW men, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in, npoo m] through spy Lands pr Prproifes, being the Property of or befon^i ing to The King’s Majefty, his Heirs or Succpflors; or of *ny otlW' Pdrfbn pr Per Ions, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, ana (ituate within Three Miles of the faid Harbour, (not bang with*. Three hundred Yards of any capital Manfion Houle, nor within »y Plantation, Avpnue, pleafure Ground, or Garden attached to say capital Manfton Hpufe, planted, made or formed before thejsfog pT this A§, 01 “ ^7 Deer Park inclofed with a Wall, prior to tlx puffing of this A&» and adually occupied at the time with Deer,\ to miter and'to quarry, dig, remove, take and carry away all fuch Stone, Lime&ou;* Gravel, Sand or any other Materials, (Wing Timber oply e^pted,) in, out of, upon and from fuch Iinds Grounds, as may be neceffary, and convenient to be employed hr tw Purpofe of this AS, and alio to place, lay, work ot manu&fture au

t*	fuch

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. Ill;

C.61

315

*	and all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft of me the faid A. B.

*	to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold the fame unto

*	the laid Commiffioners and their Succeffors for ever, by virtue of c and according to the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purpofes

*	of the faid A61 of Parliament. In WitneS whereof I have here-

4 unto fet my Hand this	Day	of	in	the

*	Year of our Lord	.*

And that fuch Conveyance in the Form aforefaid, or any other Form to the fame Effeft, mall be good and effedtual in Law and Equity to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, to convey and vefl in the faid Commiffioners all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intcreft of the Perfon and Perfons fo conveying, and (hall be good and effe&ual again ft them, their Heirs and Succeffors (as the cafe may be).

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners In Default of by reafon of Nonage, Coverture, Intail, Infanity or other legal Im- Agreement Jury pediment in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any himmoned to Land or Premifes, ufed or required for the Purpofes of this Ad, or fa uc ame* from any other Caufe or Reafon cannot or (hall not agree with the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Land or Premifes as aforefaid, relative to the Purchase of any fuch Land or Premifes, or relative to any Satisfadion or Compensation for Damages to fach Land or Premifes, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for (aid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, (not being interefted in the

Sueftion to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of [oney, claimed to be paid for fuch Land and Premifes, or Damages refpedively, or any Part thereof,) from time time, to iffue a War- Sheriff to im-rant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, P*nnel a Jury, to the Sheriffs of the County of Dublin, thereby commanding fuch Sheriff to impannel and return a competent Number of fubftantial and dHinterefted Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries, not lefs than Thirty fix, nor more than Sixty; and fuch Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to impannel and return fuch Jury and Juries from time to time accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Penalty. Default in fo doing, to be recovered by A6tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, by fuch Commiffioners or their Secretary, or in default by them, then by any Perfon who (hall fue for lame in any Court of Record; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Perfons (hall be drawn by fome Perfon to be named by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them as aforefaid, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Four Courts in Dublin, by an Ad made in Ireland 39 G.a. (1.) in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King Kang George the Second, intituled An AB for the better Regulation of Juries, are dire&ed to be drawn, which Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them as aforefaid, at fuch time and Place, as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, (hall be dire&ed and appointed, and to attend the faid Commiffioners until difeharged by the faid Commiffioners ; and all Parties concerned (hall and may have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array j and the faid Commiffioners, or any Commiffioners Three of them, (not being interefted as aforefaid,) are hereby autho- may fall and rized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Sum-

monfes,

C. 62.

56® GEO. III.

A.D.1

heritors of Ground required for Purpofes of Act.

Difchtrges for Compenfation.

Expence of Conveyance hoir defrayed.

Form of Conveyance.

agree with all and every or any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies F or Corporate, who is, are or may be the Inheritor or Inber Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premifes required fo Purpofes of this Aft, for the Purchafe of. fuch Land or Pta or relative to and concerning any Compenfation or Satii^ which any fuch Perfon or Perfons may claim or demand for Damage or Damages which he, (he or they may fuffer or fultf reafon of the Execution of this Aft ; and it (hall and may m ful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corptff Aggregate or Sole, Hufbands, Guardians, Tenants in Tad,fl tees and Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, AdmiaiM and all other Truftees whomfoever, not only for or on bdal themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for or on befall their feveral Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Lt tics. Idiots, married Women, or other Perfon or Vtrfoas, a ad and for all married Women who are or (hall be feiftd, poMcdl or iuterefted in any Lands ufed or required for the Purpofa I this Aft, whether entitled in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or olherwife, contraft and agree for, and to fell and convey unto the fold Cot miflioners, or to fuch Perfons as they (hall nominate and appo] for the Purpofes of this Aft, all or any Part of any Lands or F mifes which (hall from time to time be ufed or required (or I Purpofes of this Aft, and alfo to claim and demand, and to cood and agree with the faid Commiffioners for any Compenfatioij Satisfaftion, for any Damage or Damages which fuch Body Ftl or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons, or his or their Lands or Praa may refpeftively fuffer by reafon of the Execution of this M and in cafe fuch Treaty or Treaties (hall end in an Agreement Agreements, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the {aidCfl miflioners to take and accept of a Conveyance or Conveyances fuch Lands or Premifes as they (hall purchafe from fuch Fed or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of da and to take and accept of a Releafe or Releafes, Difcharge orfl charges, for fuch Satisfaftion or Compenfation as aforefaid, whk Conveyance or Conveyances, Releafe or Releafes, Difcharge or Di charges, (hall be binding and conclufive to and upon the Perfo» c Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, executing the line and all Perfons claiming under them, and all Bodies Polities Corporate or Collegiate ; and all Perfons whomfoever fo contnftaj and agreeing are hereby indemnified for what they or any of tha (hall refpeftively do by virtue of or in -purfuance of this Ad and the Expence of all fuch Contrafts, Agreements, Saks, Coo veyances and Affurances, (hall be defrayed out of the Money grantw for the Purpofes of this Aft; and fuch of them as (hall be made for the conveying of any Lands or Premifes to the CommiUkwn (hall be made according to the following Form, or fome other Form to the like Effeft; (that is to fay)

* T A. B. of	in Confideration of the Sum	of

«	to	me	paid by the Commiffionm

*	appointed to carry into Execution an Aft pafled in the Fifty fixtb

•	Year of the Reign of His preferit Majefty, intituled An AB fir' 4 ereBing an Harbour for Shits to the Eqftward of Dunleary, within 4 the Port of Dublin, do hereby grant, convey and difpofe to the (aid

•	Commiffioners all [deferring the Lands or Prmrfcs to be

* and

L 1816.

56° GEO. lit

315

C. 62.

ad all deflate, Right, Tide and Intereft of methe faid A* B. owdaththme, and every Part thereof, to hold the fame unto lelaiCoaiDliifioners and their Succeflors for ever, by virtue of ilflBEBnfiag to the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purpofes fit ted Aft of Parliament. In Witnela whereof I have here-mfa my Hand this	Day	of	in	the

a of our Lord	•’

(that fuch Conveyance in the Form aforefaid, or any other Form e Came Effeft, fhall be good and efleftual in Law and Equity d Intents and Purpofes what foe ver, to convey and veft in the Conumfioners all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft of the [on z&d Perfons fo conveying, and (hall be good and effeftual inft them, their Heirs and Succeflors (as the cafe may be).

II. And he it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioneri In Default of rafra of Nonage, Coverture, Intail, Infanity or other legal Im- Agreement Jury fmect in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any fu™moned to »d or Premifes, ufed or required for the Purpofes of this Aft, or f* uc ame' n any other Caufe or Reafon cannot or fhall

wen and Occupiers of fuch Land or Premifei

e to the Pnrchafe of any fuch Land or Premifes, or relative to

y Satufaftao or Compenfation for Damages to fuch Land or Pre-

les, theoandin fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for {aid Com-

f&oeers, or any Three of them, (not being interefted in the

teftxm to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of

taey, claimed to be paid for fuch Land and Premifes, or Damages

yetdvdy, or any Part thereof,) from time time, to iflue a War- Sheriff to im-

at or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, pannel a Jury.

> the Shafts	the County of Dublin,	thereby commanding fuch

Sheriff to impanel and return a competent Number of fubftantial 3d dtfintermed Perfons qualified to lerve on Jnries, not lefs than Tarty fix, nor more than Sixty ; and fuch Sheriff is hereby authored and required to impannel and return fuch Jury and Juries from ne to tone accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Penalty, riaok in fo doing, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint r Information, by fuch Commiflioners or their Secretary, or in derail by them, then by any Perfon who fhall fue for lame in any ourt of Record; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be impannelled d returned, a Jury of Twelve Perfons fhall be drawn by fome Peril to be named by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them aforefaid, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of Iflues joined in is Majefty's Four Courts in Dublin, by an Aft made in Ireland 29 G.». (I.) the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King fog George the Second, intituled An AB for the better Regulation ' Jaruj, are direfted to be drawn, which Perfons fo to be im-aimtlkd, (ummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required 1 come and appear before the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of ixm as aforefaid, at fuch time and Place, as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, fhall be direfted and appointed, and to attend the laid Commiflioners until discharged by the faid Com-imfiwm; and all Parties concerned fhall and may have their lawful ChaSeagei againft any of the faid Jurymen, but fhall not be at Liberty to craflenge the Array; and the faid Commiflioners, or any Commiflioners Three of them, (not being interefted as aforefaid,) are hereby autho- may call and sized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Sum- cx*Pine Wit-

3*6

C. 62,

56* GEO. III.

Commifftoners empowered to adminifter Oithf

Judgment by CommiRioneis for Money • awarded. Notice of Fir (I Meeting of Jury.

Judgment biocU ing.

A.D

monies, from time to tine as Occafion Audi require, to call them and the {aid Jury all aad every Perfon and Perfons w ever who fhall be thought proper aad neceflarv to be exam Witneffes before them and the laid Jury, on their Oath or < touching and concerning the Premifet; and the faid Coramifi or any Three of them, if they fhall think fit, fhall and may ant the (aid Jury to view the Place or Places in queftion, in focb ner at they (hall dire&, and fhall have Power to adjourn fuckj ing from day to day as Occafion fhdl require, and to comma! Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths w Perlon or Perfons as fhall be called upon to give Evidence, the * Comraiffioners, or any One of them, not being interefted as afoo are and is hereby empowered and required to adminifter,) ffcd quire of the Value of fuch Ground and Premifea as Audi requi be purchafed for the Purpofes of this Ad, and of the jvfpc\ Eftate, Right, Title, Term and Intereft of every Feribo or Pfer/ Body or Bodies Politic, and Corporate, feifed or poSdU then or interefted therein, or of or in any Part thereof ; aid aMo w Compeofation or Satisfadion, if any, fhall be awarded and pad any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Damage or Damages, which he or they or any of them consequently or otherwife Suffer or fuftain, or have fuffeTed or tamed, by any Ad, matter or thing done in the Executm this Ad; and fhall afiefs and award the Sum or Sums to be | to every fuch Perfon or Perfons, for the Purchafe of fuck her or their reljpedive Eftates, Rights, Titles, Terms and lose as aforefaid, or for any fuch Damage or Damages as aforefaid; the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, (not being inter as aforefaid,J fhall and may give Judgment for fuch Sum or & of Money fo to be affeffed and awarded, which laid Venbfi Verdids, and the faid Judgment and Determination them)

iNotice in Writing being given to the Perfon or Perfons, Bod] todies Politic or Corporate, interefted at leaft Fourteen Days be the time of the Firft Meeting of the faid Jury, declaring the I and Place of the Meeting, by leaving fuch Notice at the Duel Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at his, her or their ufual F! or Places of Abode, if then refident within Ireland, and if not, tl with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of fuch Baft as fhall he then abfent from Ireland\ or if a Body Politic or Q porate, then with the oftenfible or waiting Officer of fuch Bo Politio or Corporate,) fhall be binding and concluiive to all I ate and Purpofes whatfoever, againft al) and every Perfon or Pols Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Eftate, Rig Title* Truft, Ufe or Intereft, in, to or out of any*(uch Laud Premifea, either in Poffeffipn, Reverfion* Remainder or Expecbst qs well Infants and I flue unborn. Lunatics,. Idiots and Fcnu Coverts, and Perfons under an j legal Incapacity or Dilability, v\ aR other Ceftuique Trufts, bis* her and their Heirs* SaccdTor Executors and Adminiftrator% and againft; all other Pec&m who: fjoeverand. the laid Verdi&s, Judgments and Decrees, tad other Proceedings of the laid Commilfioners and Juries to be nm given aad pronounced as afbrefaid, fhall be fairly written on Parc menL and fignad by the laid Coom^ffippess* wfo fhall pronoun foeb. Judgment.

XII. An

$6* QE0. III.

S*7

XII.	Ai>4 be h further ca*&ed, That when the Value of any Land or Premifes, or the Recorapenct for any Damage done or to be d°°* hi any Land or Premifei, (hall be lubmitted to a Jury, fuch Land or Premifes, and the Damage done thereto, (hall be valued by fuch Jury with refpe6t to the a&ual State, Situation and Value of fuch Lands and Premifes, in like manner a# if the (aid recited A& of the Fifty fifth Year or this A61 had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which fuch Land or Premifei fhall or may acquire, or be fuppofed to acquire, by the making, improving and completing of the faid Harbour, or by any future Improvements to be made or which might be made in fuch Land or Premifei in confequence of fuch Harbour, or the Expenditure which Stall be laid out fqr the Purpofes of tbit A61.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it ena61ed, That in all cafei where a Verdi61 or Afiefiment (hall be given or made for more Money, at 0 Recompence or Satisfa6tion for any Lands or Premifes, or for any Satisfa&ion done or tp be done to the fame than had been previouOy offered by or on behalf of the faid Commilfioners, all the Expencei of fummoning fuch Jury, and of taking fuch Inqueft, (hall be de* frayed by the (aid Commilfioners out of the Fund provided by this Aa; but if any Verdi61 or Affeflinent (hall be given or made for no more or for a left Sum than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the faid Commilfioners, then and in every fuch caft the Cods and Expencei of fummoning fuch Jury, and taking fuck Inqueft, (hall be borne and paid by the Party to whom fuch Offer was previoully made by fuch Commilfioners: Provided always, that when by reafon of Aufence, or any Incapacity as aforefiud, any Perfon or Perfons (hall be prevented from treating with the bid Commilfioners, all the Cofts and Expeaces of fummoning fuch Jury, and taking fuch Inqueft, (hall be borne and paid by the faid Commilfioners out of the faid Funds.

XIV.	Provided alio, and be it ena6ted, That all Perfona making Complaints, and requefting fuck Jury for the ascertaining the Value of any Lands or Premifes, or the Amount of any Recompence or Satisfaction for any Damage done or to be done to the fame, (hall, before the faid Sheriff (hall be obliged to fummon fuch Jury, firft enter into a Bond, with Two Sureties, to the Secretary or Clerk of the laid Commilfioners for the time being, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, to profecute his, her, or theirComplaint, and to bear and pay & Colts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Inqueft, in cafe a Verdi6t (hall be given for no more or a left Sum than had been offered by or on behalf of the faid Commiffionera, before fummoning and returning the faid Jury or Juries, as the Value, or as a Recompence or Satisfa&ion for any Lands or Premifes, or for any Damage as aforefaid: Provided always, that if the Perfon fo requefting fuch Jury (hall refufe to enter into fuch Bond as aforefoid, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffionero under this A6t to require fuch Jury to be fum-moncd, and the fame (ball be fummoned accordingly by the Sheriff, and the Expence of fummoning fuch Jury, and of taking the In* queft by them, fluff be defrayed in manner and under the. Regular turns hereinbefore provided, mentioned and contained.

XV.	And-be it further eoa6ted. That upon Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be awarded or adjudged to. the Perfon or

Perfons

fury (hall valus Ground according to ita a&ual State.

Expences of Juries how paid.

Perfons requefting a Jury to enter into a Bond to profecute.

Expence of fum-moning Jury how pa^d.

Upon Pavment of Sums to awarded. Con-

348

veyances dull be made of faid Ground to Com* miflioners.

f Sic.

Such Verdi A* entered in the Rolls Office of Court of Chancer)*, and Copies thereof deemed Evidence in all Courts, and on Payment to Owners or into Chancery.

Premies thenceforth veiled in Commiffioneri.

Conveyances as aforefaid of Ettate, &c. effectual.

C.62.	56°	GEO.	III.	41

Perfons to whom the fame (hall be awarded, for the Purcl fuch Ground or Premifes as aforefaid, or for the Purcl Eftate, Right, Title, Term or Intereft therein, fetch Perl fona (hall make, execute or pitocure to be made and exec veyances to the faid Commiflioners of fuch Ground and aforefaid, or of fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Term or ' which fuch Sum or Sums of Money (ball be fo aware Form hereinbefore fet forth, or fome other Form to the fe and fhaU procure all neceflary Parties to execute fuch 0 Affignmenta and Aflurances, and (hall do all Ads, matters neceflary and requifite to make a good, clear and perfe the faid Commiflioners ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bod] Politic or Corporate, to whom any Sum or Suras of M be awarded by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for Damages as aforefaid, (hall give and perfed to the faid floners a full and fufficient Releafe, Acquittance and'Difclial all Claims and Demands for or on account of aU Damages fl f Sum (hall be awarded as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further ena&cd. That all fuch Ver^ ments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Procwk faid Commiflioners and Juries, as relate to or concern th aforefaid, (hall be entered in the Rolls Office of the fan) Chancery, and the fame or true Copies thereof (hall be d| taken to be good and fufficient Evidence and Proof in I or Courts of Law or Equity whatfoever, and immedutl Entry of fuch Verdi As, Judgments, Sentences, Deeres and other Proceedings of the faid Commiffionm and Jurii faid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agi adjudged or awarded, either for the Purchafe of any Lai mifes, or as a Satisfa&ion or Compenfation for any Dl the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ground or Premifes. Perfon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to receive fuch i on Payment of which Money, refpe&ing which any I Difputes or Differences (hall arife, into the Bank of , manner and for the Purpofes herein mentioned, all the Efta Title, Term, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim and I Lay and Equity, of the Perfon or Perfons to whom or Ufe fuch Money (hall be paid as aforefaid, into and Ground and Premifes which (hall be fo purchafed, (ha and be vefted in the faid Commiflioners for the Purpofes of and the faid Commiflioners (hall be deemed in Law to a&ual Poffeffion of fuch, to all Intents and Purpofes wl and all and every Perfon or Perfons, Body and Bodies PI Corporate, to whom any fuch Satisfa&ion and Compel aforefaid (hall be awarded, (hall from thenceforth be for el from claiming any further or other Satisfa&ion or Con whatfoever, for any Damage which they or any of them & by the mean9 aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the Convryinct! faid Commiflioners of any fuch Eftate and Intereft of any Covert, in or to any fuch Ground or Premifes as aforefaid, by veyance in the Form hereinbefore dire&ed and nreferibed, a* rolled within Six Calendar Months in any of His Majefty’* Courts in Dublin^ (hall as effe&ually and abfolutely convey the 1

56° GEO. III.

C.62.

349

and Intereft of fuch Femes Coverts in the Premifes as any Fine or Fiues, Recovery or Recoveries, (hould or could do if levied or fuf-fered in due Form of Law; and further, that all Conveyances to be made in the Form hereinbefore dire&ed and prefcribed, or any other Form to the fame Effedt, and enrolled as hereinbefore mentioned, of any Ground or Premifes which (hall be purchafed by the faid Commiffioners by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Adi, (hall have the like Force, Effedl and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatfoever, would have if levied or fuffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Perfon feifed of any Eftate in the Premifes in Truft, for or to the Ufe of fuch Bargainor or Bargainors in any legal manner and Form whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers and for tbe Purpofes of this Ad, which fhaU belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Perfon or rerfons under any Difa-bility or Incapacity, or feifed or poffeffed of only a particular or determinable Eftate or Intereft therein, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money may be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary way by the Perfon or Per-fons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands and Hereditaments, towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other IncumbrancdB, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorize to be paid, aifeding the fame Lands or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch .of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting, undetermined and capable of taking Effedl, and in. the meantime and until fuch Pur-chafe (hall be made the faid Money (hall by Oader of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vefted bv the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe ot fome of the Government Securities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and in the meantime, and until the faid Government Securities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Government Securities (hall from time to time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments fo hereby dire died to be purchafed, iu cafe fuch Purch%fe or Settlement were made.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Incapacity or Difability as aforefaid, (hall* be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

then

Application of Compenfation Money when exceeding 200I.

Application when Com pen-fation is lefs than 200I. and exceeds 20L

650

C. 62.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Application where Money is lei's than zoL

In cafe of not making out Title.

Or if Perfons cannot be found, Purchafe Money paid into Bank, fubjelt to Order of Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

then and in fueh cafe the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons fat the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in c4fe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing unde* their refpe&ivd Hands, be paid into the find Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the faid High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as dforefaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or btherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be dominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the ComtnifGoners for executing this A61, fach Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends anfing therefrom, may be applied m manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the fame may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to he paid as laft before mentioned (hall he lefs than Twenty* Pounds, then atod in all fuch cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this A6t, in fueh manner as the (aid CoimAiffioners for executing this A€t (hall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians* Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe6tively.

XXI.	And be it farther ena&ed. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be ft> ordered to be paid as aforefihd, (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Pre-mifes, to the Satisfadtiou of the Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them, or (hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or fuch Releafe, Acquittance or Difchafge as is required by this A6I s or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, cannot be found; ot in cafe it (hall not fatisfa&orfly appear to the faid Commiffioner* what fuch Shares and Proportions of any Put chafe Money or Recommence for Damages ought t6 be paid of allowed to any Tenant or other Perfon having a particular Eftate, Terth or InterCft in any Pfemifes ; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to any Lands, Tenements' or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and iriaV be lawful for the faid Coirauiflforters, or any Three or more of them, to order the? feid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland^ hr the Name ami with the PrWty of die Accountant General1 of the faid Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties intereftedin the find Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (defenbing them), fubje6t to the Order, Control and Difpofition of the fidd Court of Chancery, which fold Gourt, on* the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motioir or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered hr a* fummaiy Way of Proceeding, or other wife, as to

the

56° GEO. Ill;

C. 6&.

351

the hud Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in Government Securities, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Intertft thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Edates. Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the (aid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Inland, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpedfying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or ire received, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and witn the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfoance of this Alt, for the Purchafe of any MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfoance of this Aft, or to any Government Securities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interefts of any fuch Government Securities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleffion of fuch MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at tbe time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons cUnpiing under fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court .of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Government Securities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Government Securities (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that foxne other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to feme Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when by reafon of any Disability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money of the fame fhatt be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like IJfes in purfoance of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expeaces of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Commilfioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the fait! Court (hall dire ft.

XXIV.	An<J be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall wik fully obftvuft, moleft or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Workman or Labourer employed by the faid Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Aft, in the Performance of his, her or their Duty or Employment, in the Execution of this Aft, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pound* ; and if any Pferfon (hall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the

faid

Where any Queftion (hall' arife touching Title to Money to be paid, the Perfon who (hall be in PoffelTion of the Lands at the time of luch Purchafe (hall be deemed entitled thereto according to fuch Pofl^flion.

The Court of Chancery may order reafonable Expences of Purchafes to be paid by Com-miQionen,

Damaging the Works or ob-ftrufling the Execution of Aft.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.



352	C.	62*



Felony.

Stealing Ropes, Materials, Tools, flee.

Penalty.

Default of Payment.

lmprifonment.

Duties granted according to Schedule annexed.

I

faid Harbour, break, throw down, deftroy or in any wife damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Refervoir, EreCtion, Machine, Building, Road, Rail Way or other Work whatever heretofore ereCted or made, or hereafter to be ereCted or made, by virtue of this A€t, or any Part thereof, or (hall obffruCt, hinder or divert the Courfe of any Stream of Water which at any time before the pafling of this A 61 ran or flowed into the Sea at the faid Harbour, other than as (hall be done by or under the Directions of the faid Commiflioners, or (hall do any other wilful Hurt or Mifchief to obffruCt, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, fupporting, improving and maintaining of the faid Harbour, or of any Water or other Works ere&ed under this ACt, every fuch Perfon (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, (hall be fabjeCt to the like Pains and Penalties as in cafes of Felony, and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convicted (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like manner as Felons are directed to be punifhed by tbe Law of Ireland, or in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment, fuch Court may award fuch leffer Punifliment as to fuch Court (hall feem proper.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforefaid, if That any Perfon or Perfons (hall (teal, or fraudulently or unlawfully take from on Board any Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Veffel lying within the prefent Harbour of Dunlcary, or within the faid intended Afylum Harbour, or from or upon the Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways leading to or belonging to the faid Harbours, or either or any of them, any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spar or any Tackling, Ne« ceffary or Material belonging to any fuch Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Veffel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property * belonging to or on Board fuch Ships or Veffeis, or any Goods or Property of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, which may be lying at, upon or along fuch Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, or (hall Ileal or unlawfully take as aforefaid any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property ufed or intended to be ufed in the faid Afylum Harbour or the Works connected therewith, or belonging thereto, or to the faid Commiflioners, or to any other Perfon for the Ufe of the faid Works, that then and in fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, upon Conviction before any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, by the Oath of One or more credible Witneffes, or by the Confeflion of the Party, or upon Conviction before the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, in manner aforefaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not lefs than Forty Shillings, in the Difcretion of fuch Juffice or Commiflioners; and in default of Payment thereof, immediately upon faid Conviction, then it (hall be lawful for‘the faid Juffice or Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Correction, or Common Jail of the County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time or term not exceeding Six Months, at the Difcretion of fuch Juffice or Commiflioners.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid upon or in refpeCt of Ships, Veffeis or other Bottoms coming into the Port or Harbour of

Dublin*

363

m

56* GEO. HI.

0.6&.



trfqon and in Tefpeft of the feveral Perfons, matterrand ’ foecifted and fet forth in'tjie Schedule to this the fcrtral Duties and Sums of Money mentioned, fet forth in the Words and Figures of tne faid Sche-i;- to all other Duties of Cuftoms payable on or m foch Ships or Vefiels, or fuch Perfons, matters or things , under any other Ad or A 61s in force in Ireland. Prodded always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in contained (hall extend, or be conftraed to extend to any ^TdUs belonging to His Maieftv, his Heirs or Succeffors, “ o» may be employed in His Majefty'g Service, or in the t¥b& Office, Excife or Cuftoms.

Aad be it further enacted, That the feveral Duties : sad the Schedule thereto annexed granted on Ships or lidpe& of the Tonnage thereof, or by Way of Slippage or .or Anchorage, and upon Entries, Invoices, Outvoices, Bills or Health, Bonds, Certificates, Affidavits of Licences to navigate, Debenture and Drawback Papers, * (hall be levied, collefted and received, over and above now payable thereon, by the Colledor or other of Cuftoms m the Port of Dublin, find that the faid mi Comptrollers, Receiver of Entries, Surveyors or Waiters and all other Officers of the Cuftoms whatever .fkae being, or their refpedive Deputies or Clerks at the faid Harbour of Dublin, mall not after the Commencement of *bv this Ad granted, take or receive any Entry or Cocket, 1Ksovge or Clearance, or take any Report outward for t m Vrifi liable or fubjed to the faid Duties, until all the (hall be paid purfuant to the Diredions of this Ad, to the of the Coftotns in the faid Port of Dublin, nor until the arOiraer of any Ship or VefTel, fubjed to the Payment of At had Duties, (hall fhew and produce a Receipt for all fuch accordingly to the Officer required to take any fuch Entry, Difcharge, Clearance or Report outwards as aforefaid; tbe faid Collcdor or other cfyief Officer of the Cuftoms in ► of Dublin* (hall keep a feparateand diftind Account of the ' of all the faifl Duties to be received by him under this Ad, be Head ot “ Duties applicable to Dunleary Harbour ;*•

: the find Duties (hall once in every Week be accounted for find Colledor or other. Chief Officer, and (hall by him be paid ttoe to time, in like manner as other Duties of Cuftom, to the *> General of His Majefty^s Revenue, to be by him paid into " of His Jdajefty'a Exchequer of Ireland to be applied to of this Aft, in manner and according to the Regulations mentioned.

And he it further enafted. That for carrying into Exe-tbe feveral Puipofes of this Aft, and the Ereftion and Com-rf the faid A1 fylum Harbour, and for therProteftion of the is until they (hall be completed and finifhed, and alfo of all to be ufed therein, and for the Punifhment of all Perfons •f say Trefpafs or Injury to the faid Works and Materials, ^ .^Terfon^ heretofore appointed, or who hereafter may be griatedtommirnoners for the Purpofes oF thi9 Aft, in manner BtttibefoR mentioned, (hall for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad 56Geo.HI.	A	a	into

Exemption of Hit Ma jetty's Ships.

Dudes of Ton* nage on Ships, end on Entries See. received by Collc&or of Dublin Port, end paid into Tree* fury for the Purpofes of Aft.

Colleftor to keep feparate Account of Duties.

Powers of the Commiflioners.

. 354

C.6*.

53s GEO. III.

A Stt

T'owtit of

**C. 3. (I)

^o.3.(r.)

Applied to Execution of Adt.

Proviib.

Lord Lieutenant may order Advances to carry into Effelt Plans approved of by him and the Treafury.

Lord Lieutenant may advance

further Sums of Money on Credit of Rates* f Sic.

into Execution hive -all fuch Powers and Authorities as are to or vefted in tho Corporation for preferring and improvi Port of Dublin. under ana by virtue of in Aft made in the Fad of Ireland\ in the Twenty fixth Year of His prefect Majefty^i intituled An Ad far promoting the Trade of Dublin, by realm fort and Harbour more commodious ; and of another A ft m the Thirty fecood Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, is An Ad for repcuring and preferring the Walls of the Him Liffey in the City of Dublin, and for amending am jta j Twisty fixth Tear of His Majeflfs Reign, intituled € .

*	promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port as

*	more commodious and that all luch Powers. Authorities { gulations, contained in the faid recited Afts of the Twea^ and Thirty fecond Years of His prefent Maiefty’s Re^n# and a be applicable, requifite and neceflary for the carrying Execution, (hall extend and be condrued to extend and Afl applied and made ufe of in the Execution of this Aft, lif the f xniffioners for executing this Aft for the time being, in r ample a manner as the faid Corporation are enabled to 1 by the faid recited Afts or either of them, as if the U 1 Authorities and Regulations were repeated and reenafted in I as fully to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever. as far as I are or can be made applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft: always, that the faid Commiffioners for the Purpofes of (hall be fubjeft to all fuch Rules. Orders. Regulations and T as (hall from time to time be given to the faid Commiflinm Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of 1 for the time being, for and relating to the Execution of this 1

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That the Commiffioi executing this Aft (hall from time to time fubmit all Plans. \ and E dimates which they (hall think proper to be comme carried on for or towards the Ereftion or Completion of I Afylum Harbour, and the other Works conceded therewith i faid. to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or ( of Ireland for the time being, for the Approbation of tbe I Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ira whenever any fuch Plans. Surveys and Edimates (hall be fo 1 of. it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant. < .Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time ‘ order the Lord High Treafurer. or Commiffioners for exec faid Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, to m and pay to the Commiffioners for executing this Aft. out 4 Confolidated Fund of Ireland, from time to tune, any Sum or of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred tfcoufaad J Net. to be repaid with Intered at the Rate of Five Pons Centum per Annumf out of the Rates and Duties impofiri by j Aft on Ships and Ye dels entering the faid Harbour.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. Th^t it (hall sad 1 lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or] vernors of Ireland for the time being, to make fuch further Ad^ or Advances from time to time, out of the Confolidatrd F«S Ireland. towards the Completion of the faid Harbour, nf. Amount of the Rates and Duties hereby impofed for the Sun thereof will be diffident to defray the Intered thereof at the 1

A.D-1816.

56° GEO. IU.

CU2,

355

of Five PoundsCentum per Annum, and a Sinking-Fund of One Pounder Centum per Annum, upon the whole Amount of fuch Sum or Sums as (hall be fo advanced.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That a feparate and difiinft The Sums to he Account of all Money which (hall be paid into the laid Exchequer, jdvanced until on account of the faid Duties, (hall be kept in the faid Exchequer,

and fo much of the faid Money as (hall be fufficient to anfwer and Annual Inter eft, pay all Intereft and Sinking Fund due at the Rate aforefaid, upon all to the Payment Sums which (hall be fo from time to time advanced, (hall on the Fifth of which and the Day of January in every Year be carried to and made part of the 1*i{l“‘d.at‘on {* Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and every fuch Sum and Sums of DutS»maU Money, ariiing from the faid Duties, as (nail exceed the Amount of be'pplied an-fuch Intereft and Sinkihe Furid, (hall in like manner be carried to and Dually, made Part of the Conlolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Discharge, Repayment and Satisfaction of the principal Sum or Sums fo to be advanced, until the whole Amount of fuch principal Sum and Sums (hall be carried to and made Part of the faid Conlolidated Fund, in Difcharge, Repayment and full Satisfaction of all fuch Principal Sums to be fo advanced and in Payment of the Intereft and Sinking Fund thereof in the Meantime, and that when the whole of all fuch Principal Sums and Intereft as aforefaid (hall be fo difeharged, repaid and fatisfied in manner aforefaid, all the faid Duties (hall ceafe and determine, and to be no longer levyable or payable under Authority of this ACt.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That every Penalty and Recovery of Forfeiture impofed or to be impofed by virtue of this Aft, the Fines. Levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly hereinbefore directed, (hall and may be recovered on the Conviction of the Offender,

by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, or on his own Confeffion before the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, or before any One Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence (hall be committed, or the Offender (hall be, and every fuch Fine,

Penalty and Forfeiture (hall and may, in cafe of Nonpayment thereof, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effefts of the Diftrds. Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the faid Commiffioners or Juftice of the Peace, and fuch Commiffioners and Juftice are and is hereby authorized and required to examine Witneffes upon Oath, and to hear and determine all Complaints, touching any fuch Offence or Offences, and every Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly direCled) mall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the Com-miffioners, and (hall be applied and difpofed of to the Purpofes of this How applied. Aft, and the Overplus of the Money raifed by fuch Diftrefs and Diftreft.

Sale, after deducting fuch * Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Effefts fo diftrained j and for want of fufficient Want of Dif-Diftrefs, or in cafe the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not be forth- »cfs. with paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiffioners or Juftice by Warrant under their or his Hand, tq commit fuch Offender to the Imprilboment. Common Jail or Houfe of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Maioprize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where Form of Con-any Conviction (hall be had for any Offence or Offences committed vision.

AiS

C.fe2.

56° 0EO. IIL

A.D.M6.

againft this Aft, the Form of Conviftion (hall he in the Word* or to the EffeA following; (that is to fay,)

. 1BE it remembered, That on this	Dav of

to wit. 3	in the	Year of	the

Keign of	A. B. is convi Aed before

me [or us] the Mayor, [Magiftrate, or Jnflice or Juflices of the Peace,] for the	of	having	\hereJUte the

Offence*] contrary to an A A made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His Maiefty King George the Third, intituled [her* infert the Title of this A&%~\ and I [or we] the laid do adjudge him,, [her, *>r them] to \_hereAzte the Punijhment]. Given under my Hand and deal [or our Hands and deals] the iDay and Year aoove written.’

Appeal to	XXXV.	Provided	always, and be it further enaAed, That it ftirfU

Qumer Ssffioni. ^ may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons conviAed before the laid Commiffioners of any Offence or Offences again# this A A, to appeal to the Jaftices Of the Peace affembfed at the next Genend Quarter Seffions, or General Seffions to be holden for the (aid County of the City of Dublin* On giving immediate Notice of fuch Appeal, and finding fufficient Security to the SatisfaAion of the faid Commi flip nett, Magiftrate pr Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, for being personally tprefent at fuch General Quarter Seffions or General SefBons, and for prbfecuting the faid Appeal with EffeA, and for abiding tlv^ Determination of the Court therein; and the Juilices at fuch Seffions are hereby authorized and required*to hear and determine the matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and to make fuch Determination therein, and either to confirm or quafh or annul the faid ConviAion, and to award fuch Cods to either of the Parties or Otherwife, as they the faid Juftices fhall judge proper % and all fuch Determinations fhall be final, binding and conelufive to ail Parties to all Intents and Puupofes whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enaAed, That no AAion or Suit fhall be commenced again# any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this AA, until Twenty one Days* Notice thereof in Writing fhall hate been given to the faid Com-miffioners, nor after a fufficient SatisfaAion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the FaA committed, and every fuch AAion fhall be brought in fame One of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at t)ub&n* and fhall be laid in the County of Dublin and not elfewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch AAion or Suit (hall and General UTue. may plead the General IfTue, and give this AA, and the fpecial matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this AA, and if the fame fhall-appear fo to be done, or if fuch AAion or Suit fhall be brought -without Twenty one Days’ Notice thereof, or fhall be brought1 in any other County or Place, or after a fufficient SatisfaAion made or tendered as aforefaid, that then the Jury (hall find for -the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfoittd, or fuller a Difcontinuance of his, her or their AAion-or AAions, or if a VerdiA fhould pafs again# She 'Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Dc-DoubltCofts. fendant or Defendants fhall hate double Cofts, and'fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant‘-or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit m any other cafes of Law.

XXXVII. And

Limitation of Anions.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1S1Q.

C- 02-	357

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and mar be ComnriflioDm lawful for the faid Commiffioners, out of the Funds appropriated for empowered t# the Purpofes of this Aft, to reimburfe and repay all alia every Perfon «“aburfe.

or Perfoas who have heretofore been concerned in forwarding and carrying on the faid Plan of an Afylum Harbour, for all fuch Lofs of time. Trouble and Expenqe, as they may have from time to time been at, in furtherance of fuch Objeft, and the Expences of obtaining and patting this Aft, and to take Credit for the fame in the Accounts accordingly.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be Public Aft. deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken

Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

For every Foreign Ship or Veffel, or thofe Belonging to Foreigners, whicn (hall enter the Port or Harbour of Dublin, a Duty on the Burthen of the faid Ship or Veffel, per Ton, of

For every Ship or Veffel, or Ships and Veffels belonging to Subjefts of His Majefty, which (hall enter the faid Port or Harbour, fave thofe freighted with Coals, and carrying Coaftways, a Duty on fuch Burthen, per Ton, of -For every Ship or veffel freighted with Coals, and for every Veffel coming Coaftways from any Port in Ireland, which (hall refpeftively enter the faid Port or Harbour, a Duty on fuch Burthen, per Ton, of For all Entries Qf any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, which (hall be made or entered at any Cuftom Houfe within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, whether fuch JLntry be Inwards or Outwards, for every fuch Entry, a Duty or For each and every Invoice, Outvoice, Coaft Cocket, Crofs-Channel Cocket, General Receipt, Tobacco or any other Receipt, and Luggage Permit, which may be had, got, paffed or procured at any fuch Cuftom Houfe, a Duty of -For each and every Coaft Permit and Crofs-Channel Permit, a Duty of	-	'

For each and every Bond, whether Inwards or Outwards, fave Mailers’ and Mates’ Bond, a Duty of For each and every Bond called a Mailer’s and Mate’s Bond, a Duty of	-

For Matter and Mate’s Certificate, and for Certificates of Re-giftry, on each a Duty of -For each and every Ship which (hall enter the faid Port and Harbour of Dublin, for Anchorage, Slippage and City Dues, a Sum or Duty of	-	^

For each and every Bill of View, Store Note, and for the Papers called Debenture Papers and Drawback Papers, and for every Affidavit of Regiftry and Bill of Health, a Duty of -	-	-	-	-

For every Licence to navigate,- a Duty of	-	»

For every Tnuifire Certificate, a Duty of

Britiih CuRpfcy.

£• /• d%

o o 6

004

0 0 2

0X0

0	2	O

Q 2 O 0 2 0 076 076

O76

0 2 6 O IO O O 10 O

Aa 3

CAP*

A.D.1816.

St 0.3. e. 44.

§«■

Certain Protf. fioni of recited * Aft repealed.

$ tipervifors may make Accommodation for 400 Male Snd 400 Female Convex, who may be confined 111 the faid Penitentiary at the feme time.

Committee to remain until an-ether'B ap? pointed.

Proviib.

C .63.	56*	GEO.IIL

CAP. LXm.

An A St to regulate the General Penitentiary for Convifts, at Millbanky in the County of Middlefex.	[2 2d June 1816.3

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Ad palled in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Eredion 4 of a Penitentiary Houfe for the Confinement of Offenders convided 4 within the City of London and County of M\ddlefcxy and which 1 Ad, by the Provifions thereof, was extended alfo to Offenders € convided in other Parts of England and Walest a Penitentiary has * been ereded at Millbank> in the County of Middlefex, for the 4 Confinement and Employment of Male and Female Convids ; and * the fame is now completed for the Reception of a Part of the 4 Number intended to be confined therein : And Whereas under and 4 by virtue of the Powers contained in the faid Ad, His Majefty in 4 Council has been pleafed to appoint a Committee .to fuperintend the 4 faid Penitentiary: And Whereas the Number of Convids who may 4 be confined in the faid Penitentiary may conveniently be increafed, 4 without any Enlargement of the Building; and it is therefore ‘ expedient that Provifion fhould be made for that Purpofe: And * Whereas it is alfo expedient that other and further Provifions 4 fhould be made, for the due Regulation of the faid Penitentiary, 4 and of the Convids to be confined therein Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all the Provifions in the (aid Ad contained, fo far as they relate to the Number of Convids who may be confined in the faid Penitentiary, and to the Confinement, Employment and Management of the Convids in the faid Penitentiary, and the Eftabliihment and Duties of Officers belonging to the fame, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Supervifors appointed under the faid recited Ad, and they are hereby empowered, to make Accommodation in the faid Penitentiary for the Confinement and Employment of Four Hundred Male and a like Number of Female Convids, making in the whole Eight Hundred Convids,' any thing in the faid Ad to the coutrary not-withftanding; and that any Number of Convids, not exceeding Four Hundred Male and Four Hundred Female Convids, may, with the Approbation of His Majefty’g Principal Secretary of State ‘ for the Home Department for the time being, be imprifoned at one and the fame time in the faid Prifon or Penitentiary, and confined, employed and managed therein, under the Provifions of this Ad.

III. And be it further enaded, That the Committee which has been nominated and appointed by His Majefty in His Privy Cpundl to fuperintend the laid Penitentiary, (hall remain and continue the Committee for that Perpofe until a new Nomination or Appointment (hall take place ; and that it (hall be lawful for His Majefty in His Privy Council from time to time to remove all or any of tne Perfons compofing the faid Committee, and to appoint others in their Stead, or in tne Stead of any fuch as (hall die or refign : Provided always, that fuch Committee (hall not at any time confiff

of

I

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1816.

C.6&	#9

of left than Ten nor more than Twenty Perfont in Number at the fame time.

IV. And be it farther en&fted. That it (hall and may be lawful for Committee t* fuch Committee, or any Three of them, to hold Meetings, and to m*ke ®YC make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the afiembling of the mid Committee, and for all matters relating to the Meetings of the fame, as well as for the Government of the faid Penitentiary, and for receiving, feparating, claffing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching the Convidt during their refpedive Confinement therein, ae to the faid Committee {hall teem juft and proper; provided however that fuch Bye Lawsr Rules and Orders, (hall not have force until they (hall have been * Submitted to the Juftices of His Majeffcy’t Court of King's Bench, and until fuch Juftices (hall have fubfcribed a Declaration, that they do not fee any thing contrary to Law in the faid Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, fo to be made as aforefaid; and all luch Bye Laws, and add to or Rules and Orders, (hall be afterwards added to or altered, from time alter them, to time, as often as the faid Committee (hall think neceflary; and fuch Additions and Alterations, fo far as the fame relate to the employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching the Convicts in the faid Penitentiary, (hall aJfo in like manner be fubmitted to the fubmitt^d ta Juftices of His Majeffcy’s Court of King's Bench, and confirmed in manner aforefaid*

itmeot of ers, ft c.

V* And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for Appointment of fuch Committee, or any Three of them, at any of their faid Meetings, V*”10*** to appoint any One or more of their faid Members to vifit the faid Penitentiary, diying the Intervals between the Meetings of the faid Committee, and to delegate, if they (hall think fit. Power to fuch Vifitors, or any of them, to make any Order or give any Directions in cafes of preffing Emergency within the faid Penitentiary, which might be made or given by the faid Committee if they were fitting j provided that every fuch Order or Direction, together with the Cir-cumftances by which the fame was occafioned, (hall be reported to the faid Committee at their next Meeting.

VL And be it further enaded, That for the Regulation and Management of fuch Penitentiary, and previoufiy to the Opening thereof for the Reception of Convids, there (hall be eleded and appointed by the laid Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Secretary and Examiner of Accounts, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Mafter Manufacturer, a Steward, and alfo for that Portion of the Penitentiary fet apart for Female ConviCts, a Matron, together with fuch Tafkmafters Matron for Fe-and other Officers and Servants, as the faid Committee, with the male Convifli. Approbation of the faid Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, (ball judge neceflary; and every Perfon eleCfced and appointed by the faid Committee to any of fuch Offices, (hall from time to time be removable by any Order of the faid Committee, fpedally fummoned for that Purpofe, and when any Vacancies (hall happen in any of the faid Offices other Perfons (hall be eleded and appointed thereto by the fame Authority; and fuch Salaries and other Allowances Audi be annexed to the faid Offices, as the faid Committee, with fuch Approbation as aforefaid, (hall dined.

VII.	Provided neverthelefr, and be it further enaded, That it Committee may (hall be lawful for the faid Committee from time to time, with fuch Number of Approbation as aforefaid, to increafe, diminilh, difeontmue or vary* 0fficert*

A a 4	the

%

Exception.

Committee may require Security from Officer, See. and in cafe of Officer, arc. refuting to quit Pof-feffion, a Juftice for County of Middlesex may by Warrant di-* reft Sheriff to remove him.

Governor to be a Body Corporate.

Governor empowered to con-traft for Clothing, Diet, See. neceiTary for Conviftt, with Approbation of Committee.

Committee to direft how Books (ban be kept, fee.

C.65.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.1616.

the Number of Officers and Servants to be appointed for the (aid Penitentiary in purfuance of the Directions aforefaid ; except by taking away pr discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain and Sorgeon or Apouiecary, to the fame.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Committee, if they (hall deem it neceiTary, to require any •’Officers or Perfons employed in the faid Penitentiary to give fuen Security to the Governor of the faid Penitentiary, for the due Performance of their refpedive Duties, in fuch Sums, and with fuch Sureties, and in fuch Form or Forms as they (hall dired ; and if any Perfon appointed to. any Office or Duty in the faid Penitentiary, who (hall be .removed by the faid Committee from fuch his Office or Employment, (hall refufe or negled to quit the faid Penitentiary, or to give up the Pofleffion of any Houfe, Building, Premifes or Apartment therein or belonging thereto, within fuch Period as (hall he fixed by the Committee m any Order or Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, not being lets than Forty eight Hours alter the Delivery to fuch Perfon of any fuch Order or Notice, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace ading for t^e County of Midtlefexy on Application from any Three or more of the faid Committee by any Warrant under his Hand and Seals to dired the Sheriff of the County tp remove fuch Officer or Perfon out of the faid Penitentiary, and the faid Sheriff (hall thereupon clear the Poffeilion thereof, fo for as relates to any Part of the Penitentiary, or any Houfe, Bailding, Premifes or Apartment therein or belonging thereto, occupied by or in Pofleffion of fuch Officer, in like manner as upon a Writ of #Habere fact**

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the Governor of fuch Penitentiary (hall be a Body Corporate, and (hall fue and be fued by the Name of “ The Governor of the General Penitentiary at M\U~ bank* in the County of Middleftx

. X. And be it further enaded, That the faid Governor (hall have Power to make Contrads with any Perfons whomsoever, for the Clothing, Diet and all other Neceflaries for the Maintenance and Support of the Convids confined in fuch Penitentiary, bud for Implements or Materials of any Kind or Manufodure, or Trade, m which Convids confined in fuch Penitentiary (hall be employed, fuch Con-trads being previoufly approved by the Committee; and alfp to carry on fuch Manufodure or Trade in fuch Penitentiary, and to fell fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize as (hall be there wrought and manufactured.

XI. And be it further enaded. That all Books and Accounts (hall be kept by the Governor or other Officers » fuch manner as the faid Committee may dired from time tp time; and the federal Entries therein (hall be examined by the faid Committee, or by fuch of their Members as may be appointed a Sub Committee for that Purpofe, and (hall be by them compared with the Several Receipts and other Vouchers relating thereto, and (hall be verified by fuch Governor and Officers upon Oath, if reoifired, before fuCh Committee, and (hall, when approved by fuch Committee, be allowed and figned by any Three of them $ and if fuch Committee (hdl disapprove of any Articles in fuch Accounts, thdy (hall difallow the fame*

XII.	And

A.D.1816.	8«*	GEO.	III.	a	63.	Ml

XII.	And be it further ena&ed. That, if the bid Cotmaktee Committee may (hall fuijped any fraudulent or improper Charges in any Account* examine Officers of the laid Governor, other Officer or Servant, or any Oftriffion

therein, they may examine upon Oath -the faid Governor, or any ™y<fifmiri other Officer or Servant belonging to fuck Penitentiary, or any of and profecute the Perfons employed about the tame, or any Perfonl of whom any for Fraud or Stock, Materials, or other things have been purchased for the Ult CoUufioo. of fuch Penitentiary, or any Perfons to whom aay Stock, Mate* rials or other things belonging to the laid Penitentiary, or the Oflb cers thereof, have been fold, or any of the Convias confined in fuch Penitentiary, or any other Perfons, touching any of the Ar* tides contained in fuch Accounts, Or any O million therein, or any thing relative thereto; and in cafe there (hall appear fo any fuch Accounts any falfe Entry knowingly or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omiffion therein, or any other Fraud whatfoever, or aay Col* lufion between any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, belongs mg to fuch Penitentiary, or between any fuch Officer or Officers,

Servant or Servants, and any other Perfon or Perfons, in any matter relative thereto, then belides the private Satisfaction in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be entitled to recover by Law, the faid Committee may difmifs any fuch Officer or Officers,

Servant or Servants, who flkau to them appear to have been guilty of any fuch falfe Entry, Ooulfion, Fraud or Collulioa, and appoint another or others in his, her or their fteadf and if the faid Comnhtee Iodiftmtnt (hall fee fit, they Ihall caufe an Indi&xurat or Indi&meats to he againtt (uch preferred againft the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, or Officer*, kc. Other Perfon or Perfons, fo offending, ait the nett Quarter or other General Seffion of the Peace to be fiolden for the County wherein the (aid Penitentiary is lituated, or for any other adjoining County ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo indi&ed Dial be found guilty of fuch Offence or Offences, he, die or they (ball be puniwd by piiie and Imprifomnent, or either of diem, at the Diferetkm of the Fine and Ti*. Court.	prifonment.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That when the faid Pcnken* Committee to tiary, or a fufficient Part thereof, (hall be fitted and completed for to prin-the Reception of Conwds, and proper Officers {hall be appointed S*cr*fry for the Care and Management thereof, the faid Committee find cer* Hom^Depart-tify, under their Hands and Seals, to His Maiefty, through the faid ment, when Principal Secretary of State %for the Home Department, that fudh Penitentiary Penitentiary is lo fitted and -completed, and that fuch Officers have toll be fit for been, appointed; and after the ntaking of fiich Certificate, it Ihall 5ec€f£°n of and may be lawful for His Majefty, by to Order in Writing, to be w notified by the faid Secretary of State, to dire&, that any Perfon

who may be under Sentence or Order df Trunfportation, for any

Offence committed within that Pbrt of the United Kingdom caHefl

England and fiTd/rx, and who, having been examined by an ekpo-

ricnctd SurMon or Apothecary, fhafi appear to be free from any

putrid or tnle&kws Diftemper, and fit to be Removed from the Gaol

or Prifbn in which fuch Perfon may be obnfined, (hall be mwvefl

to the find Penitentiary, there to remain-aril continue for and during

the Term of Five Years, hi cafe fuch Cetnvi& (ball-be nnder Sentence Periods of Con*

pr Order of Transportation for Seven Years only, and for and dun- foment.

fog the Term of Seven Years, in cafe fuchConvift fkffi be under

fuch Sentence or Order for Fourteen Yuan* tod for tod daring the

C.6&

56° GEO. III.

Term of Ten Years, in cafe fuch Convi& fh«H be under ft tence or Order for Life.

Regulations at to' XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaidled, Hat; time of Confine* any Convi& (hall be removed to the faid Penitentiary,

meat of Con-vi&afentenced to Tranfportation, and re* moved to Penitentiary.

been under Sentence or Order of Tranfportation for the Seven Years, (hall previoufly to his or her being removed to Penitentiary, have been kept confined in fome other Gaol fon, during a Part of fuch Term, fuch Convi& (hall be the faid Penitentiary under this A&, for Five Seventh I Refidue of his or her Term of Seven Years* Tranfportation, ing unexpired, when he or (he (hall be received into the sitentiary ; excluding neverthelefs from the Computation reduced Period of Confinement, any fra&ional Part of a Week may refult from fuch Redu&ion; and in cafe any CoariB: ft removed to the faid Penitentiary, who, having beta under Sexl or Order of Tranfportation for the Term of Fourteen Yars, A previoufly to his or her being fo removed, have been tan* com in fome other Gaol or Priion during a Part of fuck Tm, € Convi& (hall be confined in the faid Penitentiary under dm Aft? One Half of the Refidue of his or her Term of Fourteen Yl Tranfportation remaining unexpired, when he or (he flull ht ceived into the faid Penitentiary; excluding neverthelefs Computation of fuch reduced Period of Confinement any 6a Part of a Day which may refult from fuch Redu&ion; and1 cafe of any Convi& who, having been under Sentence or Qt Tranfportation for Life, (hall be removed to the faid Penile for the Term of Ten Years as aforefaid, fuch Term of Ten (hall be computed from the time of his or her being received {aid Penitentiary.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sheriff or Gaoler ing the Cuftody of any Convi&, whofe Removal (hall be on in manner aforefaid, (hail, with all convenient Speed after the Ri of the Notification of any fuch Order, convey or caufe to be veyed every fuch Convi& to the faid Penitentiary, and there < him to the Governor thereof, together with a true Copy, attrih fuch Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Cos fore which fuch Convi& was tried, containing the Sentence or< of Tranfportation of fuch Conri&, by virtue whereof be Ihal the Cuitady of fuch Sheriff or Gaoler, and alfo a Certificate taining his or her Age, and an Account of his or her Behan Prifon, before and alter Trial, and the Gaoler’s Obfervathms or her Temper and Difpofition, and fuch Information eooc his or her Conne&ions and former Courfe of Life as may have

Gwernortogive to the Knowledge of fuch Gaoler; and the Governor of the Penitentiary (hall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the T or Gaoler, for the Difcharge of fuch Sheriff or Gaoler.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all reafooabk 1 which the Sheriff or Gaoler (hall incur in every fuch Re be paid by the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Borough* 1 or Place, for which the Court in which the Party was convi&ed I have been holden ; and the Sheriff or Gaoler (hall receive the Mfl due for fuch Expences from the Tieafurer of fuch County, RA Divifion, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, fuch Expencei bd firft allowed by the Order of the Jufticcs of the Peace at their Qua

Sheriffs or Gaolers to defiver Convl&s to Penitentiary without Delay.

a DHcbarge.

Expences of Re* moral paid by County, Icc*

jkm&

56° GEO. III.

O. Q3»

rGeatnl Seffions of the Peace, who are hereby required iU Order as (hall be juft in that behalf.

X And be it further ena&ed, That after Delivery of any as aforefaid into the Cuftody to which he or (he (hall as aforefaid, fuch Governor, or other Perfon having p of Convi&g under his Direction, (hall, during the Term ich Coorid (hall be ordered to remain in his Cuftody,

! feme Powers over fuch Convift as are incident to tne (a Sheriff or Gaoler; and in cafe of any Abufe of fuch 7r other Mi(behaviour or Negligence in the Difcharge of ball be liable to the fame Puniftiment as a Gaoler is now |jby Law.

Aadbe it further enafted. That if any ConviA confined i JVnatentiary (hall become infane during fuch Confine-\ he lb*reported by the Committee to His Maiefty’s Princi-ary of State for the Home Department, it mall be lawful I Secretary of State to order and caufe fuch infane Con-Me immediately removed to fome proper Place of Confine-vpon Recovery to be returned to fuch Penitentiary, in Her as in the cafe of any Prifoner becoming infane, after sader Sentence, in any other Gaol or Prifon.

And be it further enaAed, That when any ConviA who jt entered to be confined in the faid Penitentiary fhall be ) thither in purfuance of the Powers contained in this A A, fc ball be feparately lodged and wafhed, cleanfed and purified,

I then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and (hall e n Coch feparate Lodging until it be certified by fuch Sur-Apothecary that he or me is fit to be received among the pConvids, or until he or (he (hall be removed to the Infirm-I asd the Clothes in which he or (he (hall then be clothed (hall be r if aeccfbry, or otherwife (hall be fold and difpofed of, at the of the Governor, and the Produce thereof (hall be4 ac-fbr to the Committee aforefaid, and (hall be by them di-i to be carried by the faid Governor to the Account of the Jonviftin the Books of the faid Penitentiary; and fuch Con-|*CToot be difmifled at the End or other Determination of f ter Term, if he or (he (hall then labour under any acute or >os Diftemper, unlefs at his or her Requeft ; and when fuch t ball be finally difeharged, fuch decent Clothing, as fhall be loeceffary and proper by the Committee aforefaid, fhall be delta (Such ConviA ; and alfo fuch Sum of Money for his or her Jke Subfiftence, as the faid Committee (hall think proper, fo Ik Sum (hall not exceed Three Pounds; and if fuch ConviA, at | End or other Determination of his or her Term, fhall procure J fabtantial Houfekeeper or other reputable Perfon, to take him [her into Service, or provide him or her with proper Employment kP* Year then next enfuing, the fame to be approved by the aforefaid, he or (he, having ferved accordingly, (hall be iy. the End of the Year to (uch other Sum of Money, not L the like Sum of Three Pounds, as the faid Committee Ifit.

be it further enaAed, That every fuch Governor of the I PoBftatiary (hall, during the Term for wnich fuch ConviA (hall 1 i fuch Cuftody, keep him or her to Labour of fuch kind

K$

Governor tp have Tania Power over Convi&t hi hie Cuftody as s Sheriff or Gaoler.

Infane Convids may be removed from and returned to Peni-temiary.after Recovery, at in cafea of other Pril'onen in Gaols.

Convicts when brought to be feparately lodged and wafhed, and e**, •mined by the Surgeon.

When difeharged to be furniQied with decent Clothing.

Allowances,

Keeping Con-vifts to Labour

C. 6$»

59” GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Ooovi£b howto U lodged.

Hours of Work.

FrovJfo.

Rewards to Coo. vi&» for Dili, gince, &c.

Dividing Con-vi£UintoCla0es.

Provifo.

4s the Committee before mentioned Jhall dired and appoint; and if the Work to be performed by any fuch Convids (ball be of fuch a Nature as may require previous Inftrudion, proper Perfpns (hall be provided to give the Ume, by Order of the faid Committee, tQ whom a fuitable Allowance (hall be made.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Convids as (hall be feat to the faid Penitentiary (hall, during the Hours of Labour, be feparated from each other, or (hall work together in Companies com-pofed of more or fewer Perfons in Number, in fuch manner as tb^ Bye Laws eftablifhed as aforefaid by the Committee (hall prescribe 5 and that all Convids, not confined in the Infirmary, (hall during their Hours of Reft be kept entirely feparate and apart from each other, and be lodged in feparate Rooms or Cells; except in cafes in which it may be deemed expedient to place Two or more Prisoners together on account of the Health or State of Mind *of One of fuch Prifoners.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Convids (hall be employed in Work at the faid Penitentiary, every Day in the Year, except Sunday*, Cbrtftmas Day, Good Friday, Afcenfion Day, and any Day appointed for a General Faft or Thankfgiving, and alfo except fuch Days when ill Health will not allow of tneir working; and the Hours of work in each Day (hall not exceed Eight Hours in the Months of November, December and January, Nine Hours in the Months of February and 0Sober, and Ten Hours and an Half in the Reft of the Year (exclufive of the time allowed for Meals) : Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Convid to labour voluntarily for a longer time than is herein mentioned, upon fuch Conditions as (hall in the faid Order be expreffed.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Committee to allow to any of the Convids confined in the faid Penitentiary, as a Reward and Encouragement, any Part or Portion of the Profits anting from their Labour, not exceeding fuch Proportion thereof as (hall be approved of and allowed by the faid Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; fubjed to fuch Conditions and Regulations as the faid Committee (hall dired and appoint.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the ft-vend Convids to be fent to the faid Penitentiary (hall be divided into Two Clafles, which (hall be called the Firft and Second Clafles; for which Purpofe, the time for which fuch Convids ftiall be feverally ordered to he confined, (hall be divided into Two equal Parts, and during the firft Part of the tinfe of the Imprifonmeot, ne or (he (hall be ranked in the Firft Clafs, and during the Second Part of fuch time, he or (he (hall be ranked in the Second Clafs ; and the Confinement of fuch Convids as (hall from time to time be ranked in the Firft Clafs Ihall be more ftrid, and the Confinement of the Convids in the Second Clafs (hall be more moderate; which feveral Degree^ of Confinement for each Clafs (hall be fettled by the faid Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in manner aforefaid s Provided always, tnat if the faid Committee (hall at any timeobfeerve, or be fatisfa&orikr informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the faia Convids who are ranked in the laid firft Oafs, it fiiaB he lawful for the laid Committee to order fuch Convid to ho

transferred

A.D.

56* GEO. III.

C.63.

96$

transferred to the Second Clafs, for the remainder of the Term for which he or fhe was ordered to be confined in the faid Penitentiary, although fiich Convift may not have completed the Period of his or her Imprifonment in the faid Firft Clafs.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That if the faid Committee Committee to fhall at any time obferve or be fatisfaAorily informed of any'extraor- r*P°*Jfcl diaary Diligence or Merit in any of the Convidts under their In-

fpedlion, who fhall be ranked in the faid Second Clafs of Convidls, ^ Diligence, the Committee fhall report the fame in Writing to the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, in order that he may re- . commend fuch Convidl to Hia Majefty as an Objedl of the Royal Mercy, on fuch Conditions as to Him fhall feem meet.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That every Convidl who fhall How Coavi&s

be ordered to fuch Penitentiary fhall, during the time of his or her *|**^ ** Confinement therein, be fed and fuflained with a fufficient	clothed.

of coarfe but wholefome Pood, and alfo be clothed with and uniform Apparel, with any diftinguifhiug Marks which may be deemed ufeful to facilitate Dilcovery in cafe of Efcape, the whdfc to be ordered in fuch manner as the Committee aforefaid fhall from time to time appoint-; and no fuch Convidl fhall during the time of his or her Confinement be permitted to have any other Food, Drink or Clothing, than fuch as fhall be fo appointed. ,

XXVII.	And be it further enadled, That no Perfon except the None but Offi-Officers, or Servants of the Penitentiary, or fuch Perfon or Perfons celB an<*Ser~ as fhall be authorized according to the Regulations eftablifhed by the

faid Committee, (hall be permitted at any time to enter any of the Apartments. Apartments or Court Yards allotted to the ConvidU, or to hold Con-verfation or Communication with any of them.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That it fhall and may Governor may be lawful to and for the Governor of the faid Penitentiary to employ, •®pioy Convids with the Coofent of the faid Committee, any of the ConvidU afore- “ A

faid, who fhall be ranked in the Second Clafs, as Overfeers, or Affift-antt, in the management of the Works, and the Care of.their Fellow ConvidU, inftead of their being confined to fuch their Daily Labour as aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled. That no Officer or Servant of filch Penitentiary fhall fupply any of the ConvidU therein with any

Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or with any Spirituous or other Money, Provi-Liquors whatsoever, except fuch Money, Clothing, Provifions or fiont or Liquor, Diet as the Governor of the Penitentiary fhall from time to time per- contrary to A6t. mit or diredfc, and except fuch Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending fuch Penitentiary fhall think proper to order for any fuch Convidt, in cafe of Illncfs; and in cafe any fuch Officer or Servant fhall be found guilty of carrying to any fuch Convidt, or of knowingly (permitting to be carried to any fuch Conyidt, any Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or Liquors whatfoever, contrary to the Intent of this Adi, fuch Officer or Servant fhall immediately be fufpended by the (aid Governor, who fhall report the fame to the Committee at their next Meeting 5 and fuch Committee fhall inquire Punifluntnt. thereof upon Oath, and fhall punifh fuch Officer or Servant hy For- Fine, feiture of Office, and by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or by either of fuch Punifhments, as the faid Committee fhall in their DiU cretion think proper; and if any other Perfon or Perfons fhall wil- Other Perfbm fully fupply any fuch Convidl, at any time during the Term of his vfoadant*

or

C. 6&

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1S16*

Penalty.

Chaplain to read Morning and Evening Prayers, and preach Two Sermons on Sun* days, fcc

Chaplain may baptize, bury, &c. in Peni-teqtiary.

To keep Regif* ters and tranfmit Copy monthly to Incumbent of Parilh, who is to ienter fame in Regift er.

Allowance fur fo doing.

Convids to walk and air phemfelvet.

Convids when Sick, to be vifited by Surgeon ; and if necefTary, font to Infirmary.

or her Confinement with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other thau fuch as (hall have been appointed by the Committee as aforefaid, or with any Money, he or me fo fupplying fuch Convift (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the faid Committee.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the Chaplain (hall read Prayers and preach a Sermon both Morning and Evening, in the Chapel of fuch Penitentiary, on every Sunday in the Year, and alfo on every Chrifimcu Day, Good Friday, and Afccnjion Day, and on every Day appointed for a General Faff or Thankfgiving; and all the Conviftt confined in fuch Penitentiary, who (hall not be difabled by IUnefs, or whofe Attendance (hall not be difpenfed with by the Committee, (hall attend the faid Prayers and Sermons, which (hall alfo be attended by the Refident Officers and by the Servants of fuch Penitentiary, or fuch of them as can be fpared from their feveral Employments, and (hall Hot be prevented by Illnefs; and the faid Chaplain (hall vifit fuch Convifts, under fuch Regulations as may be prefcribed by the Ibid Committee, for their moral and religious Education.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Chaplain of the faid Penitentiary, or fuch other Pcrfon as (hall aft for or a (lift him, and no other, to baptize all Children born, and bury all Perfons who •(hall * die therein, or in any Buildings or Premifes belonging to or making Part of the faid Penitentiary, and to perform Divine Service and adminiffer the Sacrament according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, within the faid Penitentiary ; and fuch Chaplain (hall keep an accurate Regifter of all fuch Chriftenings and of all fuch Burials, and (hall Once in each Month tranfmit a Copy thereof to the Incumbent of the Church of Saint John the Evangcftjl in Wefiminfltr, or his Curate, in the Abfence of fuch Incumbent, who (hall, as foon after the Receipt thereof as can conveniently be, enter the fame in the Regifter of the faid Pari(h ; and it (hall be lawful for the laid Committee to order and direft that an Allowance (hall be made to fuch Incumbent for making each fuch Entry, according to the Cuftom in like cafes in the laid Pari(h.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That the Convifts ordered to be confined in fuch Penitentiary (hall be permitted to walk and air themfelves in the airing Yards or Grounds belonging thereto, for fuch dated time as their Health may require, and the Regulations of fuch Penitentiary (hall permit.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any fuch Convift (hall appear to be fick, he or (he (hall be vifited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending fuch Penitentiary, and if the Sicknefs be -found to be real, the laid Surgeon or Apothecary (hall report the fame to the Governor, who (hall, if the Sicknefs be of fuch a Nature as to require it, order fuch Convift to be fent to the Infirmary belonging to fuch Penitentiary, and his or her Name to be entered in a Book, to be kept for tnat Purpofe; and when fuch Conviftftiall have fo far recovered his or her Health as that the faid Surgeon or Apothecary (hall judge him or her to be in a proper conation to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the faid Surgeon or Apothecary (hall fo report, the faid Governor (hall order fuch Convift to be brought back to his or her

Cell,

#71

S6*GEO. XU.



C.63, 64.



„v

\ ^ %

s-*&Sr





*>



^ w Aftlon fhall be profecuted againft thing done in purfuance of this Aft,

* the General I (Tue, and give this Gsnml MU«. deuce at any Trial to be had ne by the Authority of this Defendant or Defendants,

Nonfuit, or difeontinue Joined, or if on De-^ainft the Plaintiff

V Treble Cofts, Treble Cofts. .endants have by -.ill be given for any -aid, fuch Plaintiff (hall unlefs the Judge, before ,.iy his Approbation of the

*"V

CHt

a, That all Anions, Suits and Pro- Limitation of againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Aftioni.

-* of this Aft, fhall be laid and tried in -e where the Faft was committed, and fhall be k<m Six Months after the Faft committed, and not

I ft further ensued, That this Aft may be altered Aft may b«

* ®T*>y Aft or Afts to be paffed in the prefect Seffion altered, kc.

CAP. LX3V. repeal feveral Afts relating to the Militia of Great iiod to amend other Afts relating thereto.

[22d June 1816.3 EltEAS an Aft paffed in the Forty third Year of the 43 G. 3. c. 100. “81 rf His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to render excePt §*• dTwo A8s made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament %

I**tfpeedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and P n additional Military Force for the better Defence of tKiMtdom : And Whereas an Aft paffed in the Forty 47 o. 3. Seff. a. tar of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An c. 71. hfptedilj completing the Militia of Great Britain, and in-kfatBt under certain Limitations and ReJlriSions : And * to Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3- 53* fat Majefty, intituled An A3 for completing the Militia tBritain: And Whereas an Aft palled in the Fiftieth 500.3.0.24* Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to pqffed in the lajl Seffion of Parliament for completing the . if Great Britain, and to make further Provifion for com-M faid Militia : And Whereas an Aft paffed in tne Fifty 510.3. c. so.

>r of the Reign of His prefent Majefty intituled, An A3 1 certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to By into the regular Forces, and to provide for the gratia* of the faid Militia : And Whereas it is expedient kind rented Afts paffed in the Forty third, Forty levee th, jjtth, Fiftieth and Fifty firfl Years relpeftively of the Reign 1 pint Majefty, except fo much of the laid recited Aft of B b 2	4	the

/

370

C. 63.

56* GEO. III.

A.D>1!i

Committee or Vifiton may direlt tny P«r-fon not being Officers, Servants or Convicts, to quit Penitentiary.

Other Ads relating to Gaols, Bec. not to apply to Penitentiary.

Recovery of Penalties.

Diflrefs.

Tf infufficient Diflrefs,

Imprifonmeut.

then in qtteftion before the Court is the fame that was delivered < fuch Order, be fufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury tint Perfon then in queftion was fo ordered to fuch Confinement.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That in cafe it (hall ap to the faid Committee, or to any Member thereof, who ffiu appointed a Vifitor as aforefaid, that the Continuance whtt* faid Penitentiary of any Perfon, not being an Officer or Sermf the laid Penitentiary or a Convid confined therein, is inciptj or ohjedionahle, it mall and may he lawful for fuch Comma® Vifitor, by an Order in Writing to dired fuch Perfon to qdn Penitentiary; and in cafe fuch Perfon Ihall refufe or negle&l do within Six Hours after the Receipt of fuch Order, it Adi may be lawful for any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the fi admg in and for the County of Middlefex, on Application I fuch Committee or fuch Vifitor, by Warrant under ms Hand’ Seal, to authorize and empower any Perfon to whom fuch Wait fhall he direded, forthwith to remove fuch Perfon from and oat the faid Penitentiary.

XLVII. And he it further enaded. That the laid fhall be regulated by the Provifions in this Ad contained; soft other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Gaols, Prifosit Houfes of Corredion, or any Claufes, Provifions, RegnbA Penalties or Forfeitures, contained in any fuch Ad or AdsJ extend or be conftrued to extend to the faid Penitentiary, exo|] far as any fuch Ads, Claufes, Provifions or Regulations J this Ad referred to and made applicable to the Purpofes oil Ad, or to the faid Penitentiary, or to any Perfons belonging 4 confined as Con vide therein.	I

XLVIII. And be it further enaded. That any pecuniary] ties created by this Ad, for the Recovery of which no Mode is inbefore preferibed, fhall be recoverable before Two or more Ji of the Peace in the County in which the Offence fhall be comd on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or mof dible Witnefs or Witneffes, or on Confeffion of the Offender One Moiety thereof fhall he paid to the Ufe of the Penitel and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers profecotia the fame, and in cafe of Nonpayment, the fame fhall be levi Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by W under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juftices; and the Ovtrf the Money raifed, after deduding the Penalty and Expences \ Diflrefs and Sale, fhall he rendered to the Owner ; and for of fufficient Diflrefs, the Offender fhall he fent by fuch Ji to the Prifon of fuch County, for fuch Term not exceeding Months, nor lefs than One Month, as fuch Juftices (hall think i proper.

XLIX. And be it further enaded, That the Provifions rf Ad of Parliament paffed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Rfc of His prefent Majefty, and of all other Ads of Parliament for rendering Juftices of Peace more fafe in the Execution of I Offices, fhall extend and he conftrued to extend to all Perfons M nated to form Part of the faid Committee for fuperintending the Penitentiary, and to the Governor thereof, fo as that no Adioa be brought again ft any fuch Perfon or Ptrfons for any thing 4 under this Ad, without Notice, to enable him or them to tt*

4f	Ameij

. D. 1810.

36° GEO. Ill

C. 63,

369

maunder (hall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majefty by Parliament.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Convi& who (hall be ordered to be confined in the faid Penitentiary (hall at any time during the Term of fuch Confinement break Prifon, or efcape from the Place of his or her Confinement or in his or her Conveyance to fuch Place of Confinement, or from the Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Cuftody of fuch Convi&, he or (he fo breaking . Prifon or efcaping (hall be puni(hed by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or (he at the time of his or her Breach of Prifon or Efcape was fubje& to be confined; and if fuch Convi& fo punifhed by fuch Addition to the Term of Confinement (hall afterwards be convi&ed of a Second Efcape or Breach of Prifon, be or (he (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIV. And be it further ena&cd, That if any Perfon (hall ref-cue any Convi& wbo (hall be ordered to be confined within the faid Penitentiary, either during the time of his or her Conveyance to the laid Penitentiary, or whim fuch Convi& (hall be in the Cuftody of the Perfon or Perfons under whofe Care and Charge he or (he mall be fo confined; or if any Perfon (hail be aiding or afiifting in any fuch Refcue, every fuch Perfon fo refcuing, aiding or afiifting, (hall be guilty of Felony, and may be ordered to be confined in the faid Penitentiary for any Term not lefs than One Year, nor exceeding Five Years ; and if any Perfon having the Cuftody of any fuch Con-vi& as aforefaid, or being employed by the Perfon having fuch Cuftody as a Keeper, Underkeeper, Turnkey, Afiiftant or Guard, (hall voluntarily permit fuch Convi& to efcape ; or if any Perfon whatsoever (hall, by fupplying Arms, Tools or Inftrumenta of Difguife, or otherwife be in any manner aiding and afiifting to any fuch Con-vi& in any Efcape, or in any Attempt to make an Efcape, though no Efcape be a&ually made, or (hall attempt to refcue any fuch Con-vi&, or be aiding and afiifting in any fuch Attempt, though no Refcue be actually made, every Tuch Perfon fo permitting, attempting, aiding or afiifting, (hall be guilty of Felony ; and if any Perfon having fuch Cuftody, or being fo employed by the Perfon having fuch Cuftody as aforefaid, (hall negligently permit any fuch Convi& to efcape, fuch Perfon fo permitting (hall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and being lawfully convi&ed of the fame, mall be liable to Fine or Imprifonment, or to both, at the Difcretion of the Court.

XLV. And to the Intent tliat the Profecotion for Efcapes, Breaches of Prifon, and Refcues, may be carried on with as little Trouble and Expence as pofiible, be it further ena&ed, That any Con-vi& efcaping, breaking Prifon, or being refcued in manner aforefaid, may and (h2l be tried before the Juftices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Sefiions, either tor the County where he or (lie {hall be apprehended and retaken, or for the County in which the faid Offence (hall have been committed; and in cafe of any Profecution for any fuch Efcape, Attempt to efcape, Breach of Prifon, or Refcue, either againft the Convi& efcaping or attempting to efcape, or having broken Prifon, or being refcued, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting or aififting the fame, a Copy properly attefted, of the Order of Commitment to fuch Penitentiary (hall, after Proof made that the Perfon S6 Gso* III*	'	* B b	then

Convifl* breaking Prifon or e&apiog.

Punifhment.

Refcuing or attempting to refcue Convids.

Felony.

Officers permitting Efcape;

fupplying Meant of Elcape.

Felony.

Mifdemeanor.

Puniihment.

Mode of Trial and Cotivi&ion.

Evidence of Order of Confine-

370

C. 63.

56* GEO. in.

A.D.I816,

Committee or Vifitovt may direct iny Per-fon not being Officers* Servants or Convicts, to quit Penitentiary.

Other Ads relating to Gaols, fcc. not to apply to Penitentiary.

Recovery of Penalties.

Diftrefs.

Tf infufficient Diftrefs,

Imprifonment.

then in queftion before the Court is the fame that was delivered with fuch Order, he fufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury that the Perfon then in queftion w^s fo ordered to fuch Confinement.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Committee, or to any Member thereof, who (hall be appointed a Vifitor as aforefaid, that the Continuance within the faid Penitentiary of any Perfon, not being an Officer or Servant of the faid Penitentiary or a Convift confined therein, is inexpedient or objeftionable, it mall and may he lawful for fuch Committee or Vifitor, by an Order in Writing to direft fuch Perfon to quit fuch Penitentiary ; and in cafe fuch Perfon (hall refufe or negleft fo to do within Six Hours after the Receipt of fuch Order, it (hall and may be lawful for any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, aft mg in and for the County of MiddUJex, on Application from fuch Committee or fuch Vifitor, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Perfon to whom fuch Warrant (hall be direfted, forthwith to remove fuch Perfon from and out of the faid Penitentiary.

XLVII. And he it further enafted, That the faid Penitentiary (hall he regulated by the Provifions in this A ft contained ; and no other Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to Gaols, Prifons or Houfes of Correftion, or any Claufes, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties or Forfeitures, contained in any fuch Aft or Afts, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the faid Penitentiary, except fo far as any fuch Afts, Claufes, Provifions or Regulations are by this Aft referred to and made applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft, or to the faid Penitentiary, or to any Perfons belonging to or confined as Convifts therein.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That any pecuniary Penalties created by this Aft, for the Recovery of which no Mode is hereinbefore preferibed, (hall be recoverable before Two or more Juftices of the Peace in the County in which the Offence (hall be committed, on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or on Confeffion of the Offender; and One Moiety thereof (hall be paid to the Ufe of the Penitentiary, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers profecuting for the fame, and in cafe of Nonpayment, the fame (hall he levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juftices; and the Overplus of the Money raifed, after dedufting the Penalty and Expences of the Diftrefs and Sale, (hall he rendered to the Owner; and for want of fufficient Diftrefs, the Offender (hall be fent by fuch Juftices to the Prifon of fuch County, for fuch Term not exceeding Six Months, nor lefs than One Month, as fuch Juftices (hall think moft proper.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That the Provifions of an Aft of Parliament paffed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and of all other Afts of Parliament for the rendering Juftices of Peace more fafe in the Execution of their Offices, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to all Perfons nominated to form Part of the faid Committee for fuperintending the faid Penitentiary, and to the Governor thereof, fo as that no Aftion (hall be brought again ft any fuch Perfon or Perfons for any thing done under this Aft, without Notice, to enable him or them to tender

Amends,



56* GEO. Ill

S73

C. 64, 65.

V.	Aid be it further enadcd, That all Non Commiflioned Offi-w^Dtmmen and Private Men of the Militia, who (hall at any tar fair defined from the .Militia, (hall be liable to be tried and

tied for fuch Defertion at any time thereafter whenever they be apprehended, although no Charges (hall have been made Jtf or ddifered according to the Provifions of the faid laft recited id; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftandiog.

CAP. LXV. in Ad to explain and amend the Ads for granting Duties on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeflions, Trades aad Offices, fo far as extend to the due A(Te(Tment and Collection of die Duties for pad Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the faid Duties, and exempting Cbliedors'Bonds from the Stamp Duties. [22d June i816.] VT f HERE AS it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made in Y\ refped of the Duties and Arrears of the Duties charged or to k chirred on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeflions,

1 Trades aad Offices, granted by certain Ads pafled in the Forty • third, Forty fifth. Forty fixth and Fifty fifth Years of His pre-1 fat Mydtfi Reign, and continued until and upon the Fifth Bay of jfaril One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, on which Day the fame expired May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that t say be ended; and be it enaded by Tne King's Moft Excel* at Mwefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords iukm aid Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament dfcabkd, ad by the Authority of the fame, That all and every tk Provifiom contained in the faid feveral Ads hereinbefore mentioned, or a? of them, or in any other Ad or Ads relating to the VdDotri, dull continue in force for the Purpofe of duly charging k bid Duties on all Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegia, ad on all Companies, Fraternities or Societies of Perfons vfech fall not have been refpedively charged to the faid Duties before dr raffing of this Ad; and which ought to have been charged to the faid Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Aril Ooe thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or for any prior ferfioce the paffing of the faid Ads, and until fuch Affeffments y be duly made for fuch Year or Years, and (hall be raifed and evied as if the (aid Duties had not expired; and all and every he Clanks, Rules, matters and things, which are contained in any i the bid Ads, (hall continue to be in full force, and (hall be Mly applied, pradifed and put in Execution for the afiefling, ni&ng, levying, colleding and paying the faid Duties which (hall be charged after the palling of this Ad for any Year or Years before snowed; and alio for the levying, colleding and paying all and my the Arrears of the faid Duties which (hall have been charged Mk the paffing of this Ad, and which (hall be in Arrear and upid it the time of paffing this Ad ; and for the fuing for, fed-jfldgtgaod recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which fhall have bene nay be incurred in refped of any Afiefiment made or to k nafc for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thou* find eri* hundred and fixteen $ or in refped of any Aflefiment for prior Year as aforefaid; and alfo for applying the Monies arif-B b 3	ing

Defeittrs may b« cried where-ever apprehend-ed.

43 O.3. c.iis.

45	G.3.C.I5-

46	G. 3. c 65. 55 G.3.C.53.

to continue in force to charge thofe who may have efcaped AflefTment in former Years*

and fbr colle&tng Arrears,

and recovering Penalties.

C.64-.

S66 GEO. IIL

A.D.181&

except certain Provifions, reeled.

5JO.3. c.65. I I®-

His Majefty may «iifpenfe with ceiling out Militia for the prefent Year.

J5 G. 3.016 8.

§ 3,4* for af-fembling Courts Martial, to extend to Officers and Privates of Militia on per. manent Pay.

4 the Forty third Year aforefaid as relates to ballotted Men refufing ( to be examined as tp their Fitnefs to ferre in the Militia, and fo 4 much of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firft Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Mai eftv as relates to the confining the Allowances 4 to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland 4 raifed after the palling of the faid Aft, to ballotted Men only, fhould 4 be repealed;’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Afts of the Forty third, Forty feventh, Forty ninth. Fiftieth and Fifty firft Years refpeftively of the Reign ot His prefent Majefty, except £o much of the laid recited Aft of the Forty third Year aforefaid as relates to balloted Men refufing to be examined as to their Fitnefs to ferve in the Militia, and fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid as confines the Allowances to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland, raifed after the palling of the faid Aft, to ballotted Men only, fhall be aod the lame are hereby repealed.

II* And be it further enafted. That fo much of an Aft palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain^ as enafts that no ballotted Man (hall be exempt from ferving in the Militia of Great Britain, by reafon of being undec the Height of Five Feet Four Inches, provided fuch Man fhall he of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 III. And Whereas it is expedient that His Majefty fhould be 4 empowered to difpenfe with the training and exerciling of the

*	Militia in the prefent Year;’ Be it therefore enafted, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Order in Council, to fufpend the calling out of the Militia of Great Britain, in the prefent Year, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, and tt> order and direft that no training or exerciling of the Militia fhall take place in the prefent Year; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts relating to the Militia, to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 IV. And Whereas another Aft paiTed in the Fifty fifth Year of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to explain and 4 Amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ire-4 land: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the laid 4 Aft as to appointing Courts Martial fhould be extended for the 4 Trial of any Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers 4 and Private Men of the Militia retained on Permanent Pay;’ Be it therefore enafted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations and Claufes in the faid laft recited Aft contained, in relation to Courts Martial, and to the appointing, afTembling and attending of Courts Martial under the faid Aft, (hall extend and be in full force, and apply to the Trial and Punilhment of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers or Private Men of the Militia of Great Britain^ remaining on permanent Pay, while the Militia to which they fhall belong mall be difembodied, for all Offences committed againft any Law in force for the Punilhment of Mutiny and Defertion, or any Articles of War made in purfuance thereof, as if all fuch Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations and Claufes1 were feverally and feparately repeated and reenafted in this Aft.

V.	And

A/D* 1816.

56* GEO- III.

S7S

C. 64, 65.

V.	And be it further enabled, That all Non Commiflioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Militia, who (hall at any time have deferted from the ,Militia, (hall be liable to be tried and punifhed for fuch Defertion at any time thereafter whenever they (hall be apprehended, although no Charges (hall have been made out or delivered according to the Prorifions of the faid laft recited Aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

CAP* LXV.

An Aft to explain and amend the Afts for granting Duties on the Profits arifing from Property, Profefiions, Trades and Offices, fo far as extend to the due Afleflment and Col-leftion of the Duties for pad Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the faid Duties, and exempting Colleftors’Bonds from theStamp Duties. [22d June 1816.] 4 YT7HEREAS it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made in 4 W refpeft of the Duties and Arrears of the Duties charged 4 or to be charged on the Profits arifing from Property, Profefiions, 4 Trades and Offices, granted by certain Afts pafled in the Forty 4 third, Forty fifth, Forty fixth and Fifty fifth Years of His pre-4 fent Majefty’s Reign, and continued until and upon the Fifth 4 Day of Afrit One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, on which 4 Day the fame expired:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by Tne King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Prorifions contained in the faid feveral Afts hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, or in any other Aft or Afts relating to the faid Duties, (nail continue in force for the Purpofe of duly charging the faid Duties on all Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and on all Companies, Fraternities or Societies of Perfons which (hall not have been refpeftively charged to the faid Duties before the pafiing of this Aft; and which ought to have been charged to tne faid Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or for any prior Year fince the pafiing of the faid Afts, and until fuch Affeffments (hall be duly made for fuch Year or Yean, and (hall be raifed and levied as if the faid Duties had not expired; and all and every the Claufes, Rules, matters and things, which are contained in any of the faid Afts, (hall continue to be in full force, and (hall be feverally applied, praftifed and put in Execution for the afiefling, raffing, levying, collefting and paying the faid Duties which (hall be charged after the pafiing of this A ft for any Year or Years before mentioned; and alio for the levying, collefting and paying all and every the Arrears of the faid Duties which (hall have been charged before the pafiing of this Aft, and which (hall be in Arrear and unpaid at tne time of pafiing this Aft ; and for the fuing for, adjudging and recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which (hall have been or may be incurred in refpeft of any AfTefiinent made or to be made for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thou-(and eight hundred and fixteen; or in refpeft of any Afleflment for any prior Year as aforefaid; and alfo for applying the Monies ari£-

B b 3	ing

Defeiteri may be tried where-ever apprehend* ed.

43 G. 3. c.ias.

45	G.3.C.15.

46	G. 3. c. 65. 55 G.3.C.53.

to continue in force to charge thofe who may have efcaped AfTeflment in former Years;

and for colleding Arrears,

and recovering Penalties-

C. 65.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Provifion* for appealing to continue in force.

Provifion* for making all Returns &c. and for auditing Receivers' Accounts, to continue in force.

Receivers of Doties not allowed to fet infuper any Place for Duties unpaid, unleU bis Accounts paflTed within Three Years after April St 1816.

ReafTefiTments to be made on AffefTments uf

1816.

Schedule of Defaulters to remain with Com-miffionera Three Calendar

ing from the faid Duties, and which (hall be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer after the pafiing of this Ad, in like man* ner as is directed by the faid Ads.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Provifions contained in the faid feveral Ads relating to the faid Duties (hall continue in force for the Purpofe of hearing all Appeals again ft Affeflinents to be made after the pafiing of this Ad for any Year or Years as before mentioned; and alfo for the Purpofe of granting Abatements on Account of any Diminution of Income in fuch Year, as direded by the faid feveral Ads, or any of them.

III.	And be it further enaded. That the feveral Provifions contained in the faid Ads (hall continue in force for the making all fuch Returns of Affeffments made under the faid Ads or in pur-fuance of this Ad, and other matters touching the Execution of the faid Ads, or relating to the faid Duties, to the Commiffiooers for the Affairs of Taxes, as are direded to be made by the faid Ads ; and alfo for returning Duplicates to the Receivers General and the Officers of The King’s Remembrancer ; and alfo for the returning, auditing, examining, paffiog and declaring the Accounts of any Receiver of the faid Duties, as if the faid Duties had not expired.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That no Receiver of the Duties on Property, Profeflions, Trades and Offices, his Heirs, Executors and Adminifirators, (hall in his or their Account of the Monies raifed or to be raifed under the faid feveral Ads or any of them, relating to the faid Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, be allowed or admitted to fet infuper or Charge any County, Divifion or Place in Great Britain, for any of the faid Duties which (hall be unpaid, unlefs fuch Accounts (hall be declared and paffed within Three Years at the furtheff after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ; but all Monies in Arrear in refped of the faid Duties (hall remain a Debt upon fuch Receiver, to be anfwered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Adminifirators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels refpedively.

V.	And be it further enaded, That any Arrears of the faid Duties, arifing from any Default iu the Colledioii thereof, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Pariih or Place (hall be anfwerable according to the Provifions of the faid Ads or any of them, (hall be reaffeffed within and upon fuch Parifh or Place as foon after fuch Default (hall be difcovered as conveniently can be done, and (hall be charged on the Amount of the lafi Affeffment made for the fame Duties under the faid lafi mentioned Ad, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, by duly apportioning the Amount of fuch Arrear atnongft the feveral Perlons affeffed in that Year, according to the Amount of each Perfon’s Affeffment therein, as nearly as the cafe will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods and Diredions, by which the original Affeffment was made; to be raifed and levied in fuch manner as any Affeffment may by virtue of this Ad be raifed and levied, under the Regulations of the faid feveral Ads relating to the faid Duties.

v I. And be it further enaded, That any Schedule of Defaulters relating to the Second Moiety and Remainder of the (aid Duties, afirfied or to be affeffed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundmd and fixteen, which (hall be delivered

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.6 5.

375

vered by any Colledor of the faid Duties to the Receiver Genera), where fuch Arrears (hall have accrued, (hall, after Delivery thereof by the {aid Receiver General to the Commiifioners of the Divifion, remain with them until the End of Three Calendar months, to be computed from the Day on which fuch Schedule (hall or ought to have been delivered to the faid Receiver General, before the Certificate thereof (hall be tranfmitted to the Court of Exchequer at Wejl~ minjler for Procefs to levy fuch Arrears, as by any of the faid Adis is direded; during which Period of Three Calendar months all and every the Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provifions and Directions heretofore exercifed, followed and obferved, during the Period appointed for any Schedule of Defaulters remaining before fuch Commiflioners, under and in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid feveral Adis, or any of them, (hall be in like manner exercifed, followed, obferved and fulfilled in purfuance of this Aft.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in every Extenfion of

cafe where any Perfon or Perfons (hall have paid and fatisfied One lime foJ £aY-Half Part of the (aid Second Moiety and Remainder of the faid	Second

Duties, charged on him or them for the faid Year ending the Fifth* .

Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, on or before the Fifth Day of July in the lame Year, and (hall be defirous of extending the time for Payment of the other Half Part of the faid Moiety and Remainder of the faid Duties, and (hall make Application to the Commiflioners of the lame Divifion, ading in the Execution of the faid Ads and this Ad for that Purpofe, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiilioners, or any Two or more of them, on Proof to their Satisfadion of any reafonable Caufe for an Extenfion of Payment beyond the faid Period of Three Calendar months before allowed, to grant time for fuch Payments until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and feventeen, by any Order in Writing, figned by Two or more of the faid Commiflioners, direded to the Colledor or Colledors of the Parifh or Place in which the faid Duties (hall have been aflefled for the faid Year.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That every Colledor of the Cofleftor nos faid Duties (hall deliver a full and complete Schedule of fuch De- deJjV€ringfu11 faulters as afore faid, to the Receiver General for the County or scheduwTt^Re-Divifion where fuch Arrears (hall have accrued, on the Firft Day ceiver General, appointed for the Receipt by him of the faid laft Moiety or Remainder of the faid Duties, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and fixteen, as direded by the faid Ads, on Pain that every Colledor, negleding or refufing fo to do, (hall forfeit the Penalty, like Penalty as is impoled on Colledors by the faid feveral Ads, or any of them, in other cafes of Ncglcd of Duty.

IX.	And in onier to make fuitable Provifion for fufpending the Payment of the Half Year’s Duty, which became payable after the Firth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen on Afleflments under the faid Ads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Be it further enaded, That in every cafe where any Per- Time of Pay-fon or Pei Tons (hall have fully paid and fatished, on or before the ™ for°re-Fifth Day of July One thouiand eight hundred and (ixteen, all the maining Half Duties affefied ou him, her or them, under the faid Ads, as well for Year till Jan. y, the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hum extended, dred and fifteen, and all prior Years, as for the Half Year com-

Bb 4	mencing

376

C. 65.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.11

Abatements

confirmed.

Commiffioners, &c. indemnified.

Farms filling into tlie Hands of Owners aflefTed.

mencing after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight 1 dred and fifteen, and fhall be defirous' of extending the time Payment of the Remainder of the faid Duties, and fhall m Application to the Commiffioners of the fame County, Shire Borough afting in the Execution of the faid Afts and this/ for that Purpoie, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, any Two or more of them, on Proof to their Satisfaction of a reafonable Caufe for the Extenfion of Payment, to grant time fkv fore until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thoufand dgf hundred and feventeen, by any Order in Writing, figned by T*t< more of the faid Commiffioners, directed to tne Collector of t) County, Shire or Borough, or his Deputy, in which the faid Don fhall have been aflefTed for the faid Year ending on the /aid Frfi Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

• X. And Whereas by the laid Aft palled in the Fifty fifth Yes

*	of His prefent Maiefly’s Reign, certain Provifions were made fin ' the Continuance of the AiTeffments made under the Cad Ad,

*	paired in the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty's Reign, far the 'Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred ' and fifteen, during the Term therein limited; and by reafon of th

Kat Depreciation in the Price of Grain and other Agricufom >duce, the Rents and annual Value of Lands have been in mu] ' cafes reduced, and it hath been found expedient in certain Diftrife * to abate from the AfTefTments in Proportion to fuch Redudfa * without Authority of Parliament ;* Be it therefore further ena&t That all Abatements from AfTefTments made by CommiffioacR afting for the general Purpofes of the faid Afts, on due Proof m their Satisfaftion that any Lands, duly aflefTed at the Rent payable in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thonfand eight hundred and fifteen, had been bona Jide let by a frefh Leafe or Agn* ment at a Rent left than the Amount charged in the AfTeffmeot fa the faid Year, to continue at fuch reduced Rent, during the Yar| Commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hacked and fifteen, or that any Lands in the Occupation of the Owner thereof were aflefTed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, at the full Rack Rent it which they were then worth to be let to a Tenant, have been finer*-duced in tne annual Value thereof, fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be confirmed and valid, and of the like Force as if the fame had been made in purfuance and under the Provifions of ssr I Aft or Afts of Parliament; and all and every Perfon or Perfoss, Commiffioners and others, who fhall or may have been in any manner concerned in advifing, recommending or granting fuch Abatements in fuch cafes and in fuch manner and under the like Circamftancesu 1 hereinbefore mentioned, fhall be and they and every of them art ami 1 is hereby fully and effeftually indemnified for fo doing

XI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in every cafe where any Lands which were in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants at the time of making the Eftimates of the Annual Value thereof, for the Purpofe of aflemng the Duties thereon, for the Year ! ending the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, fhall have fallen into and be in the Hands of the Owner or Owners, on the Failure or Quitting of fuch Tenant or Tenants, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners, on Proof to their Satfaaftioa

tk

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

0* 65, ‘66*

577

that the Efthnate for the faid Year was made on the full Rent referred, and they are hereby required to afTefs the (aid Lands for the fubfequent Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and (ixteen, or for Part of the faid Year, as the cafe may require, on the aftual Rent at which the fame were worth to be let to a Tenant at Rack Rent for the Year laft mentioned, any* thing in any former Aft to the contrary notwithftanding; and in cafe any fuch Farm (hall have been let to the fame or to another Tenant or other Tenants at a reduced Rent, either for the whole or Part of the Year ending on the faid Fifth Day of April One thou-(and eight hundred and (ixteen, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com-miffioners, on like Proof to their Satisfaction of the aftual Rent at which the fame (hall he fo let, to abate the Afleffment for that Year to the faid reduced Rent from the time of fo letting the fame, whether for the whole or Part of the faid Year laft mentioned.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Perfons who on or before the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, were Commiffioners for putting in Execution the faid Aft palled in the Forty (ixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or were Commiffioners for particular or fpecial Purpofes in the faid Aft, or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament mentioned, in relation to any Duties payable to His Majefty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, (hall continue to be Commiffioners for putting in Execution all and every the Powers referred to or contained in the faid feveral Afts, and the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to do all things neceflary for putting the faid feveral Afts in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties therein mentioned refpeftively, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is or (hall be authorized to put in Execution the faid feveral Afts.

XIII.	And be it further renafted, That all Bonds which have been entered into before the paffing of this Aft, by any Colleftors of the faid Duties, or their refpeftive Sureties, for the doe Payment of the Monies coUefted by the faid Colleftors, or otherwife relating to their Officers, on undamped Paper, (hall neverthelefs be deemed good and valid, and that all Perfons concerned therein or Parties thereto, (hall be indemnified from all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof; and that all Bonds which (hall or may be entered into by any Colleftor or Colleftors of the faid Duties after the paffing of this Aft, (hall be and the fame are hereby wholly exempted and made free from all Stamp Duties whatfoever, tmpofed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force with refpeft to the faid laft mentioned Duties, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Aft for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes, ufed for

the Purpofes therein mentioned, for Two Years; and for

.repealing the Afts granting Allowances in refpeft of Children.	[22d June 1816.]

*	WJ HE REAS it is expedient, for the Purpofe of granting

*	VV temporary Relief to Perfons occupying final! Farms, that 4 the Duties of AffefTcd Taxes now chargeable under certain Afts

< palfed

Affeflmcnt

abated.

Commiffioners under recited A&s continued.

Bonds entered into by Collectors exempted from Stamp Duty.

Indemnity from Penalties.

C.M.

56® GEO. III.

A-D

48G.3. e.J5. Sch. F. No. a. $ a G. 3. c. 93.

Difcontinuing certain Duties, and impofing others on a reduced dealt.

Duties.

Farms of ?oL and under iool.

100L and under 150L

150L and under aooL

Who may have the Benefit of reduced AflefT-ment.

*	pa fled in the Forty eighth and Fifty fecond Yean of the F.

*	His prefent Majefty, in refpeft of Horfes bona fide kept I

*	Purpofes of Hu (ban dry, fhouid be reduced, as herein aft:

*	vided, for a time to be limited May it therefore pleafi: Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it eoa&ed by The ’ Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Codi the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ji Parliament afiembled, and by tne Authority of the fame, Tka: and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hu&dei fixteen for the Term ot Two Years then next following*, the XI impofed and chargeable under and by virtue of the (aid (even11 fo far as the fame relate to the Duties payable for and in rdp Horfes kept for the Purpofe of Hufbandry, by any Perfa Perfons of the Description, or occupying any Farm or £date o Defcription and Value hereinafter mentioned, (hall be difcootj and fufpended $ and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of ^ One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, during theContsnu; of this A€t, there fhall be fubftituted, charged and pud to Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, tlie Rates and Duties foQovn (that is to fav) on any Perfon occupying a Farm asTcnax Rack Rent, the Rent of which fhall be lefs than Two bus Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or Perfon occupying any Eftate on any other Tenure than as Teas Rack Rent foleTy, or fuch Eftate together with a Farm st J Rent, the Value of which in the whole fhall be lefs than eqns to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Two hundred Pounds a \ (reckoningthe Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner the or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equity to double the Amount of the like Farm at the Rack Rest,) making a Livelihood folely by fuch his own Eftate, or by Eftate and Farm jointly, for every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, b of the Height of Thirteen Hands or more, of Four Inches to 1 Hand, bona fide kept and ufed folely for the Purpofes of Huita there fhall be charged the annual Sums hereinafter mentioned; ( is to fay) in refped of fuch Eftate or Farm eftimated as afon to be under the Value of Seventy Pounds per Annum, the $* Three Shillings for each fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding ; inidp of fuch Eftate or Farm eftimated as aforeihid, to be of the Vdac Seventy Pounds and under One hundred Pounds per Anuwn%! Sum ot Five Shillings for each fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding; in refpe& of fuch Eftate or Farm eftimated as aforeihid to be of Value of One hundred Pounds, and under the Value of One bund and fifty Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Seven Shillings and SixW for each fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding; and in refped of i Eftate or Farm eftimated as aforefaid to be of tbe Value of v hundred and fifty Pounds, and under the Value of Two hanl Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for m fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding : Provided always that nothing ben before contained (hall be conftrued to preclude any Occupier of Lfl before deferibed from the Benefit of fuch reduced Affeflinem u a (aid by reaion that he or (he may have an Annual Incomfll exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds Starling, arifing from any J Source that as before mentioned, unkih fuch annual Income or i Part thereof, (hall arife by lending or letting the Horfes, Manl

A. D. 1816.

£6° GEO. III.

C.66.

979

Geldings, in refpeft of which fuch reduced Afleffiment (hall be made, to Hire, or by ufing the fame in any Trade or Employment for Profit: Provided alto, that any Tenant quitting the Occupation of Appeal, his or her Farm at or after Midfummer in any Year may appeal to the Commiffioners for executing this Aft, and on Proof to their *

Satisfaction that he or (he (hall have ceafed to keep or ufe any Horfes, Mares or Geldings by him or her ufed in the Cultivation of the (aid Farm from the time of his or her quitting the faid Farm,

(hall be entitled to be relieved and difcharged from one Moiety of the annual A(fe(Tment payable in refpeft of the faid Horfes, Mares or Geldings in the Year fubfequent to the time of his or her fo quitting the faid Farm.

II.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the (aid Fifth Horfes ufed on Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, during the Continuance of this Aft, any Perfon occupying a Farm at Rack r e Jomt *' Rent, the Rent of which (hall be lefs than Fifty Pounds a Year, aud

making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Eftate at the Owner thereof, or on auy other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or fuch other Eftate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole (hall be lefs than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Fifty Pounds a Year, reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewife a Profit by any Trade or Employment, tor every fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding as in this Aft is mentioned, bona fide ufed for the Purpofes of fuch Occupation, and of fuch Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them Separately, (hall be charged for each fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Duty, the annual Sum of Three Shillings.

III.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Waggoners* Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, during the Hafts.

Period limited by this Aft, the Duties chargeable on Horfes, Mares

or Geldings ufed for the Purpofes of Riding, (hall alfo be dif-continued in refpeft of Horfes, Mares aud Geldings ufed by common Carriers, their Waggoners or Drivers, in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, during the Period limited by this Aft, there (hall be charged and paid for every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands which (hall be ufed by any common Carrier, or his or her Waggoner or Driver, in or for the drawing of any Waggon, or to accompany the fame, although the Carrier, Waggoner or Driver having the Care of fuch Waggon, (hall ride on (uch Horfe, Mare or Griding while driving the faid Waggon, the annual Sum of One Pound and One Duty. Shilling.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That any Perfen chargeable to ProvUbfor

the faid reduced Duties, according to the true Intent of this Aft, Horfes employ-(hall alfo during the Continuance of this Aft, be exempted from the ** *" Hu1(b#D?3 Duties payable under the faid feveral A ft®, in refpeft of One Horfe,	U

Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept and ufually employed for the Purpofes of Hufbandry on hk find Eftate or Farm, although the feme

may be ufed occafionally for the Purpofe of riding thmon.

:	v.	Aud

*C» 66*

56° GEO. III.

A.%

Provifo for Horfes employed in carrying Fuel.

Mules carrying Or«, dec.

Doty.

Certain Mares kept for Breeding.

Duty.

Duties how levied.

Rates carried to

Confolidated

Fund.

V.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon feekrr her Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Coal, Wo< or Turf, for Consumption as Fuel in private Houfcs, and not any other Employment, nor any Eflate which (hall yield an Income of Ten Pounds or upwards, and keeping not mo Four Horfes, Mares or Geldings, (hall from and after the fai Day of April One thoufand eight hundred und (lateen, deri Period limited by this Aft, be wholly exempted from Da the faid Four Horfes, Mares or Gelaings, provided that ch Horfes, Mares or Geldings (hall truly ana without Fraud he i ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and no other ; and provided tfca Coal, Peat or Turf be loaded on the Backs of fuch Horfes, M; Geldings, or in a Cart or Carts, each whereof (hall be drawn by One fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, and no more.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Cad Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteea, daring Period limited by this A61, every Perfon feeking his or her £ hood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Ore, Slate or Stow Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit, and keeping any 1 or Mules, being refpeftively under the Height of Tnirteea H for fuch Purpofes, (hall be charged for each fuck Mole the a Sum of Three Shillings, provided that fuch Coal, Culm, Ore, or Stone be loaded on the Backs of fuch Mules, and not others

VII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the

Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, 6 the Period limited by this Aft, for all Mares which have been or be ufed wholly for the Purpofes of Hufbandry, and which at ary during the Continuance of this Aft (hall be kept for breeding, (hall be charged the like Duties, and no other, as would have chargeable in refpeft of the fame Mares if they had continued ufed for the faid Purpofes of Hufbandry.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the feveral Duties be fubftituted for and charged in lieu of the faid Duties chargi under the faid feveral Afts, (hall, during the Continuance 5 A ft, be aflefled, charged, railed, levied, collefted and applied b the Rules, Regulations, Proviiions, Direftions and Exenpi contained in the feveral Afts in force at and immediately before palling of this Ad, relating to the Duties of Aflefled Taxes, is like manner as the feveral Duties thereby granted, and by thh difeontinued and fufpended, are thereby direfted to be char raifed, levied, collefted and applied, except as herein is other provided; and the faid Duties hereby fubftituted for and charge lieu of the faid Duties chargeable under the faid feveral Ads, < be confolidated with and deemed a Part of the faid other Dohe Aflefled Taxes to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Du hereby impofed had been granted under the faid feveral Ads.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That all the Monies irifiog the Duties hereby impofed (the necefiary Charges of nifing ; accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be p together with the faid other Dudes, into the Receipt of I

"	at	lVe/lminfier$ to the Account of A Sr!

to and made Part of the Confolidi

Majefty’s Ex<

Taxes, and (hall be Fund of Great Britain•

- X. A

JX1816.	56°	GEO. III.,	C. 66.

t X. AW Whereas by an A& palled in the Fifty fifth Year of IhMrt'sjle'gn, tituled An Ad for repealing the Stamp Office hlmmJJvertifemsntsf Almanacks, Newfpapers, Gold and Stiver ••b % Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now fdk m Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu mft it vh coaded, that from and after the Twenty fifth Day Merck One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, all fuch Parts ■y Ad or A da of Parliament as authorized the Commiifioners Jacknrr Coaches to licenfe any Hackney Coaches to be ufed Stage Coaches, and as exempted the Owners of Hackney dm already fo licenfed from taking out Licences from the nmif&ooers of Stamps and from the Payment of the Mileage tin on Stage Coaches, ihould be repealed, and that the Owners Hackiey Coaches then employed as Stage Coaches ihould be ile to take out Licences from the Commiflioners of Stamps, I he fufejed to fuch and the fame Duties as the Owners of tfny tx Stage Coaches; And Whereas the Owners of Hackney ichet were, before the Dud Ad, exempted from certain idled Taxes in refped thereof, which Exemption ceafed from I hid Twenty fifth Day of March; and it is expedient that 7 fcodd not be charged with fuch AiTeffed Taxes in refped the Period between the faid Twenty fifth Day of March and ! Sixth Day of April following;9 Be it therefore further \edf That all Owners of Hackney Coaches ufed as Stage fees, who have taken out Licences for the fame from the Com-men of Stamps, (hall not be charged or chargeable in the at Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight ked and Seventeen, with any affeffed Tax or Taxes from which f were exempted prior to the paifing of the faid Ad, on account their having kept and ufed their faid Coaches as Stage Coaches |he Interval between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the \hDtty of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and i they (hall be freed and difeharged from the Obligation impofed he Ads relating to the Affeffed Taxes, of delivering to the Son thereof Lius or Notices of their faid Coaches as having \ kept and ufed by them as aforefaid, prior to the Sixth Day of i/Om thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or any other Lifts or on of their keeping and oiing fuch Coaches in the manner afore-tiurn they would have been obliged to do in cafe they had m to keep and ufe the fame on the Day after the paifing of this ; sod that they (hall be indemnified from all Penalties (if any) h they may have incurred in confequence of their not having ered any fuch Lifts or Notices as aforefaid prior to the palling tis Ad.

^1. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paifing \ this Ad, a certain A & patted in the Forty fixth Year of tlie ingn of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to grant certain AlUwuces out of the Duties under the Management of the Com-wjInert for the Affairs of Taxes, to Perfons in refped of the Number tf thar Children ; and alfo a certain other A61 patted in the Fifty (ccoaiYear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for updating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes to Perfons in refped of the Number of their Children, by an dSfftl in the Forty Jixth Year of His prefent Majejly, and for

extending

*81

SS G.J. ci8j.

ft «•

Hackney Coaches, licenfed as Stage Coaches, exempted from Doty of Affeffed Taxes for the Current Year.

Indemnified from Penalties*

46 G. 3* c. 84*

Si G. 3. c. 147* granting Allowances of Duty in refj>e& of

Children,/** pe*W.	,

S8£

C.66, 67.

56# GEO. III.

A.D.1810.

AGt may be

altered,.See.

Officer*, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have been employed in The King’s Service fince June 22,1801, and have not fince deferted, and alfo the Wive* and Children of fuch, may fet up and exercife Trades in any Part of this Kingdom, and (hall not be liable to be removed from thence to their laft legal Place of Settlement, until they become actually chargeable to the Parilh; and if fued, upon pleading the General lfTue, they (hall be acquitted, and be paid Double Coda of Suit.

extending the Limitation mentioned in the fold AQ in proportion to the Incrtofe of the faid Duties, (hall be and the fame are hereby refpeftiveiy repealed*

XII. And be it farther enafted, That this A A, or any of the Provifiods thereof, may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent Selfion o{ Parliament.

CAP. LXVII.

An Aft to enable fuch Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as hare been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, fince the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to exercife Trades.	[22d	June 1816.]

WHEREAS there have been and are divers Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have ferved His Majefty in the late Wars by Sea and Land, fome of whom are Men that ufed Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades who have not ferved out their times, and others who, by their own Induftry, have made themfelves apt and fit for Trades 5 many of whom, the Wars being now ended, would willingly employ themfelves in thofe Trades which they were formerly accuftomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make ufe of for getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from exercifing thofe Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Placet within this Kingdom, becaufe of certain Bye Laws and Cuftomt of thofe Placesfor Remedy whereof, be it enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That all fuch Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, as have been at any time employed in the Service of His Majefty fince the Twenty fecond Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and two, and have not fince deferted the faid Service, and alfo the Wives and Children of fuch Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, may fet up and exercife fuch Trades as they are apt and able for in any City, Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit or Moleftation of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for or by Reafon of the ufmg of fuch Trade, nor lhall fuch Officers, Mariners, Soldiers or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the time they lhall exercife fuch Trades, be removable from fuch refpeftive Place or Places, to his, her or their laft legal Place of Settlement by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until fuch Perfon or Perlons lhall become aftually chargeable to fuch Parilh or Place; and if any fuch Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or any Child of any fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, lhall be fued, impleaded or in-difted in any Court whatfoever within this Kingdom for uling or exercifing any fuch Trades as aforefaid, then the faid Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, making it appear to the fame Court where they are fo fued, impleaded or indifted, that they have ferved His Majefty at aforefaid, or that he, ihe or they is or are the Wife or Wives, Guild

or

A.D.1816.	56°	GEO.	III.	C.67.

or Children of fuch Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, who (hall have fo ferved His Majefty, fhall, upon the General I flue pleaded, be found not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or Indiftment exhibited again It them; and fuch Perfon or Perfons who, notwithflanding this Aft, (hall profecute the faid Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information or Indiftment, and (hall hare a Verdict palled again ft him or them, or become nonfuit therein, or difcontinue his or their faid Suit, fhall pay unto fuch Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine refpeftively, Double Coils of Suit, to be recovered as any other Cofts at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors before whom any fuch Suit, Information or Indiftment fhall be brought, and all other Perfons whatfoever, are to take Notice of this prelent Aft, and fhall conform themfelres thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Cuftom or Provision to the contrary in anywife notwithflanding.

II. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Two or more Jufticcs of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where any fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine fhall fet up and exercife any Trade as aforefaid, to caufe fuch Mariner, Soldier or Marine, to be fummoned before them in the City, Town or Place where fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine fhall fet up and exercife fuch Trade as aforefaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his laft legal Settlement, which Oath the faid Juflices are hereby empowered to adminifter, and fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, is hereby direfted to obey fuch Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and fuch Juflices are hereby required to give an attefled Copy of fuch Affidavit fo made before them to the Perfon making the fame, in order that he may produce it when required; which attefled Copy fhall at any time be admitted as Evidence as to fuch laft legal Settlement before any of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine fhall be again fummoned to make Oath as aforefaid, then on fuch attefled Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Perfon on his behalf, fuch Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine fhall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but fhall leave a Copy of fuch attefled Copy of his Examination, if required.

III.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft, and every Part thereof, fhall extend to all Officers and Soldiers who have personally ferved in the Militia, or any of the Fencible Regiments, from the faid Twenty fecond Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and two, for the Term of Five Years, and have been honourably difcharged.

IV.	Provided always, That this Aft fhall not be in anywife prejudicial to the Privileges of the Univerfities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Perfon to fet up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the faid Univerfities, without Licence fir ft had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the fame refpeftively.

38S

When any Two Juflices fhall fummon fuch Perfons to give Evidence as to the Place of Settlement, they fhall make Oath accordingly

Attefled Copy of Oath given them.

Provifo for Militia Men and Fencibles who have ferved Five Years.

Provifo for the Two Univerfities.

cap.

$84

C.68.

56* GEO. I1L

A.D.1818,

18 Car. a. c.5. | I. in part repealed

7 & 8 W. 3. c. i. § a. in part, and other as herein mentioned and

14 0.3. c. 42. $ a. in part repealed.

CAP. LXVIII.

An A& to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

[22d June 1816.]

c TT7HEREAS the Silver Coins of the Realm have, by long Ufe

*	VV and other Circumftances, become greatly dimim&ed in

*	Number and deteriorated in Value, fo as not to be fufficient for 4 the Payments required in Dealings under the Value of the Current 4 Gold Coins, by Reafon whereof a great Quantity of Light and

*	Counterfeit Silver Coin and Foreign Coin has been introduced into 4 Circulation within this Realm; and the Evils refulting therefrom

*	can only be remedied by a new Coinage of Silver Money, to be

*	made andiffiied under proper Regulations for maintaining its Value 4 and preferring the fame in Circulation$’ Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and 'Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 'prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the patting of this A&, fo much of an A& made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 for encouraging of Coinaget and alfo fo much of all and every other A& and A&s as provide and enact that whatfoever Perfon or Perfons, Native or Foreigner, Alien or Stranger, fhould bring any Foreign Coin, Plate or Bullion of Silver, in mafs, molten or alloyed, or any Sort or Manufacture of Silver, into His Majefty’s Mint or Mints within the Kingdom of JEngland, to be there melted down and coined into the Current Coins of this Kingdom, fhould have the fame there allayed, melted down and coined with all convenient Speed, without any Defalcation, Diminution or Charge for the Allaying, Coinage or Wafte in Coinage, fo as that for every Pound Troy of Sterling or Standard Sflver that fhould be brought in and delivered by him or them to be aflayed, melted down and coined as aforefaid, there fhould be delivered out to him or them refpe&ively a Pound Troy of the Current Coins of this Kingdom, of Sterling or Standard Silver, and fo proportionality for a greater or letter Weight, or more or lefs, in Proportion to the Excels or Deficiency in Finenefs of any fuch Bullion, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of an A& made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majefly King William the Third, intituled An Ad for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom ; and alfo fo much of all and every other A& and A&s as declare, ena& or provide, that the Weight and Finenefs preferibed by any Indenture theretofore made with' His Majefty’s Matter and Worker for making of Silver Monies at the Tower of London, fhall be and remain to be the Standard of and for the lawful Silver Coin of the Kingdom; and alfo fo much of an A& made in the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum% as enacts that any Silver Coin of the Realm/ lefs in Weight than after the Rate of Sixty two Shillings for every Pound Troy, (hall be forfeited; and

of

1.D.1S1&

56* GEO, III.

C.68.

3*5

;>£ any Aft or Afts for renting or continuing or making wr-petual tkProvifiona of the faid lafr recited Aft in this refpeft, mall, nmi^er the puffing of this Aft, be and the fame is and are

And Whereas by an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year Erffli* prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to revive and con-' jftab wntil the Firfi Day of January One thoufand /even hundred 'mi ninety nine, an AS faffed in the Fourteenth Tear of the Reign of Bit prefent Majejly, Chatter forty two ; videlicet, on the Thtr-katb Day of January One tooufand/even hundred and feventy four, htstdcd ‘ An AS to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin

tthit Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ire-d, mi to refirain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum,9 and t§ Mend the coining of Silver, after reciting that His Mtj/ekf and appointed a Committee of His Privy Council to take tBto Coofideration the State of the Coin of this Kingdom, and the prefeat Eftablifhment and ConfBtution of His Maieity’s Mint, and that Inconvenience might arife from any Coinage of Silver until fuch Regulations might be framed as fhould appear necefiary, and that from the then low Price of Silver Bullion, owing to temporary Caoe&mcts, a fmall Quantity of Silver Bullion had been brought lo the Mint to be coined, and that there was reafon to foppofe dot a frill further Quantity might be brought, and that it was therefore necefiary to lufpend the Coinage of Silver for the atfont, it was enafted, that from and after the palling of the lad Aft, no Silver Bullion fhould be coined at tne Mint, nor fcodd say Silver Coin that might have been coined there be delivered, any Law to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding : And 1 whereas Regulations with refpeft to a Coinage of Silver cannot be 1 carried into Efieft by reafon of the faid Enaftment in the faid lafr recited AdBe it therefore enafted, That from and after the aSag of dm Ad, fo much of the faid lafr recited Aft as enafts at no Silver Bullion fhall be coined at the Mint, and that no Silver 'ain that may have been coined there fhall be delivered, fhall be and be fame is hereby repealed.

IV. And he it further enafted. That from and after the palling of his Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Mailer and Porker of the Mint, at His Maiefty’s Mint in London, to coin or mfe to be coined any Silver Bullion, which, at any time before or ter the paffing of this Aft, fhall have been or fhall be brought to delivered or depofited at the faid Mint, into Silver Coins of a amdard and Finenefs of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of fine Iter, and Eighteen Pennyweights of Alloy in the Pound Troy, and Weight after the Rate of Sixty fix Shillings to every Pound Troy, hether the fame be coined in Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or tipeoces, or Pieces of a lower Denomination ; any thing in any or Afts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland re-jeftwdy, immediately before the pafiing of this Aft, or any thing n a#] Indenture with His Majeftv’s Mailer or Worker of the faid Mktfor the time being, or any Law, Ufage or Cullom whatfoever o the contrary thereof in anywife notwithfranding.

V.	And be it further enafted. That from and after fuch Days nd during fuch Period of time as (hall be named and appointed in nd bj any Proclamation or Proclamations which (hall be made and 56 Geo- HI.	C	c	iffued

38 O.3. c. $9-§ a. repealed.

The Pound Troy of Standard Silver, Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights fine, ft r. may be corned into Sixty fix Shillings.

Old Silver Coin of the Realm • brought to the Mint, may be

s*

CM.

s&atio. fn.

A.!>. IBM.

•irhan^ctf for iti jflued for that Purpofe, *Mr br on 'behklf of ftis Mkjcfty, b7 ■and flill nominal with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council, it fhall and fnay

Value in new Silver Coin.

be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to bring and deliver into the faid Mint any Silver Coin of this Realm heretofore coined and current, which (hall by any Officer or ‘Officers of the Mint to be appointed for that Purjpofe by the Mafter of the faid Mint, be judged and deemed to be tuch Silver Coin of the Realm; and that 'there fhall .be delivered out from the faid Mint, to every Perfon bringing in and delivering fuch Old Silver Coin a Sum in New Silver 'Coins, of Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings and Sixpences, to be coined pur-fuant to the Directions of this A A, fequal to the Amount of the Silver Coins fo brought in and delivered as aforefaiS, according to the refpeAive Denominations of fulh Silver Coins-* fo that every fuch Perfon (hall have and receive a 'Slim of Motiey equal in its Denomination in the New Silver Coinage, to the Sum for which the Old Silver Coin brought in (hall have patted, according to the Denomination thereof; and all fuch Old Silver Coin fo to be brought and delivered into and received at the faid Mint, (hall from time to time be melted down and coined into New Silver Coins of this Realm, according to the Directions of this AA refpeAing Money to be coined from any Silver Bullionbrought into or depouted at the faid Mint in manner aforefaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enaAed, That during the Period mentioned ip any fuch Proclamation or Proclamations, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or for the Com-mifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, to appoint any Number of Perfons at any Place or Places throughout the United Kingdom, for the Purpole of receiving all fuch Old Current Silver Coin of the Kingdoin, as (hall appear to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be appointed by the Mafter of the Mint for the Purpofe of infpeAing the fame, to be fuch Old Current Silver Coin, and for exchanging the fame for New Silver Coin, according to their refpeAive Denominations in manner aforefaid; and that luch Perfons (hall give fuch Security, and (hall render fuch Account, and (hall be fubjeA to, and (hall obey all fuch Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Directions, as the Lord High Treafurer or Commillioners of the Treafury (hall in that behalf order and direA; and that all fuch Old Current Silver Coin, fo to be received by any fuch Perfon fo to be appointed, (hall be tranfxnitted in fuch manner and at fuch times as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury (hall direCt, to His Majefty’s Mint in London, there to be melted down and coined in manner aforefaid.

........... VII. And be it further enaCted, That from and after the Expira-

ut die Period ap- ’tion of the Period to be mentioned in any fuch Proclamation or Pro-pointed for re- clamations as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfon9 whomfoever, and all Perfons are hereby authorized and required, to cut, break or deface, or caufe to be cut, broken or defaced, any Piece or Pieces of Old Silver Coin of this Realm current at any time before the palling of this A A, which (hall be tendered to them or any of them in Payment, and which (hall be of lefs Value than the Denomination thereof (hall import, and the Perfon tendering the fame fh^ll bear the Lofs; but if any fuch Piece fo cut, broken or defaced, fhall appear to be of the full Value which its Denomination fhall import, the Perfon who fhall cut, break or deface the fame,

fhall

Treafury may appoint Perfons to receivs Old Silver Coin, and exchange fame for new,at any Places throughout the Kingdom.

After the End

ceiviug Old Coin of the Realm at the Mint, all Old Coin deficient in Value may be cut by the Perfon to whgm it (hall be tendered.

A.D.1016.

56° GEO. III.

C.68.

387

flikll and he is hereby required to take and receive the fame at the Rate it was coined for; and if any Queftion or Difpute (hall ante whether the Piece fo cut be of lefs Value than its Denomination fhall import, fuch Queftion or Difpute (hall be heard and finally determined by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer of any City or Town Corporate where fuch Tender fhall be made} and if fuch Tender fhall be made out of any City or Town Corporate, then by fome Juftice of the Peace of the County inhabiting or being near the Place where fuch Tender fhall be made; and the Evidence on faid Mayor or other Chief Officer and Juftice of the Peace refpeft- Oath, ively, fhall hare full Power and Authority to fummon any Perfon or Perfons to appear and give Evidence before him or them, and to adminifter an Oath, as he (hall fee convenient to any Perfon, for determining any Queftions relating to the Value and lawful Currency of any fuch Piece of Coin.

* VIII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provifion fhould be made

•	for the Lofs arifing from the Deficiency and Recoinage of the

€ Silver Coin of the Realm •/ Be it therefore enafted, That it fhall Provifo for Lots and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer or the Commif- from fioners of His Majefty's Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and <jjiver required to iffue and apply or caufe to be iffued and applied, from time to time as they fhall fee Occafion, fuch Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, as fhall appear to be the Amount of any fuch Deficiency or Deficiencies, according to fuch Accounts to be from time to time delivered to the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, by the Mafter and Worker of His Majefty’s Mint, as the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury fhall for that Purnofe direct and require; and like-wife any fuch Sum and Sums of Money as fhall appear to them to be requifite to defray all Charges and Expences in melting down fuch deficient’Money, and cafting the fame into Ingots and allaying the fame; and alfo to advance fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they fhall Tee Occafion from time to time, to the Mafter and Worker of His Majefty’s Mint for and towards the feveral Expences to be incurred in and about the Coinage of Silver Coin under this Aft; and alfo to grant a reasonable Reward to fuch Perfons as fhall be appointed as aforefaid throughout the Kingdom, for receiving Old Silver Com and exchanging the fame for New Silver Coin, and to all other Officers, Clerks and Perfons employed in and about the feveral matters relating to this Aft ; and to difcharge fill fuch other incidental Expences as (hall occafionally attend the Execution of this Aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That from and after fuch Pay as Atyn « Day to (hall be named and appointed in and by any Proclamation* which appointed kf (hall be made and iffued for that Purpofe, by or on behalf of Hie

•	Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Majefty's Privy Council, it	^

fhau and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, Native or Foreigner, brought to the to bring any Foreign Coin, or any other Coin, or reputed Com, Mmt,to*be Plate or Bullion of Silver, in mafs, molten or alloyed, or any Sort of coined at the Manufafture of Silver, and to deliver the fame at His Majefty’s Mint gh”^fSlrt^

•	in *London, to be there melted down and coined into Current Silver pound^Troy of

C c 2	Coins	Standard Sifrer,

388 -

C.68,

56° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Eleven Ounces Two Penny, weights fine, fee.;

of which Sixty two Shillings per Pound (hall be delivered to the Partv bringing in the Bullion, and Four Shillings retained for Allaying, Loft and Coinage.

Such Sums of 4*. per Pound applied to Expence of Coinage, and Surplus (if any) carried to the Confoli-dated Farid.

Gold Coin declared the only legal Tender;

being the Weight and Finenefs of the Mint Indenture.

Coins of this Kingdom; and fuch Silver Coin, Plate, Bullion or Manufacture fo brought or delivered, (ball be allayed at the faid Mint, and melted down and coined with all convenient Speed, into Silver Coins of a Standard in Finenefs of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of fine Silver, and Eighteen Pennyweights of Alloy in the'Pound Troy, and in Weight after the Rate of Sixty fix Shillings to every pound Troy, whether the fame be coined in Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, or Pieces of a lower Denomination ; and that as foon as conveniently may be after any fuch Silver Coin, Plate, Bullion or Manufa&nre refoe&ively, fo brought to the Mint, (hall be melted and affayed, there (hall be delivered to the Person bringing in and delivering the fame a Sum in Silver Coins, of Crowns, Half Crowns, Shillings or Sixpences, after the Rate of Sixty two Shillings of the Standard Finenefs and Weight hereinbefore mentioned, for every Pound Troy of Standard Silver of the Finenefs aforefaid, by fuch Perfon brought and delivered into the Mint, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler Weight; and that for the Defalcation or Diminution and for the Charge for the A flaying. Coinage and Wade in Coinage of all fuch Silver fo to be brought to the Mint as aforefaid, these fhall and may be retained at the laid Mint the Sum of Four Shillings of the Standard and Weight aforefaid, for every Pound Troy of fuch Standard Silver fo brought in and delivered, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefler -Weight, making in the whole after the Rate of Sixty fix Shillings for every Pound Troy of fuch Standard Silver; any thing in any A& or Ads in force in Great Britain ox Ireland* immediately before the palling of this Ad, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

X, And be it further ena&ed. That an Account mall be kept at the Mint of the Amount of all Sums of Money arifing from the Allowance of Four Shillings for every Pound Troy of Silver to be retained at the faid Mint, in manner aforefaid; and that all fuch Sums fo retained (hall in the firft Place be applied in or towards the Payment of the Expences of the coining of luch Silver; and the Surplus thereof (if any) after the Payment of fuch Expences, (hall be carried to and made Part of the ConfoUdated Fund*

* XL And Whereas at various rimes heretofore the Coins of this , ‘ Realm of Gold and Silver have been equally a legal Tender for 1 Payments to any Amount, and great Inconvenience has arifen from 1 both thole precious Metals being concurrently the Standard Mea-

*	fure of Value, and equivalent tor Property; and it is expedient < that the Gold Coin made according to the Indentures of the Mint ( (hould henceforth be the foie Standard Meafure of Value and legal 4 Tender for Payment, without any Limitation of Amount, and that 4 the Silver Coin (hould be a legal Tender to a limited Amount only,

•	for the Facility of Exchange and Commerce ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this A&, the Gold Coin of this Realm (hall be and (hall be confidered and is hereby declared to be the only legal Tender for Payments (except as hereinafter provided) within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the faid Gold Coin mall hold fuch Weight and Finenefs as are prescribed by the prefent Indenture with His Majefty’a Mailer and Worker of the Mint for making Gold Monies at Hit Majeily’s Mint in London, and with fuch Allowance, called the Remedy, as is given to the faid Mafter by the faid Indenture; which

Weight

.D.181&

56* GEO. III.



9M

height mi fmentfs are hereby declared to be and (hall remain tor e tar todard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Readme fo' fcvnfats to Gold Coins of the Denominations at prelent in life* rfjafcd in the (aid Indenture $ and in cafe any Gold Coin or Mm any other Denomination (ball hereafter be coined at the

treader any future Indenture, fuch Gold Coin and Coins (hall the like Standard in Finenefa as the Gold Coins of the prefent Umhatxras, and (hall hold fuch Weight as (hall be proportionate le Weight of the prefent Gold Coins, according to the Value for ieh (och Gold Coin or Coins of any new Denomination (hall be laved to be current.

I'll. And Whereas it is expedient that the Stlrer Coin of the Realm ftoald be a legal Tender by Tale, according to its Deno-meataon, to any Amount not exceeding the Sum of Forty ShU-mg« f Be it therefore enafted, That from and after fuch Day as fl be for tint Purpofe named in any Proclamation, which at any e after the palling of this Aft (hall be made and iflued, by or on all of His Majcfty, with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy ascii, fo much and fuch Parts of the Aft made in the Foilrteento ar of lbs prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& to prohibit t Imfvtnton of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign marks into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender ntnf beyond a certain Sumf as enafts or provides or may be con* Kd to eim& or provide, that any Tender in Silver Coin of the afa (hall be legal to the Amount of Twenty five Pound* or a mder for any greater Sum, according to its Value by Weight, and fo fo much of asy Aft and Afts whereby the faid laft recited Aft is Kftmued, tetiwd or made perpetual, (hall be, and the fame is and re hereby repealed accordingly: And that from and afterf uch Day i (bail be for that Purpofe named in any fuch Proclamation to be •dr nod iffned as aforefaid, no Tender ot Payment of Money made tbe Silver Com of this Realm, of any Sum exceeding the Sum of Hty Shillings at any one time, (hall be reputed a Tender in Law, r mowed to be a legal Tender within the United Kingdom of ‘rent Britain and Ireland, either by Tale or Weight of fuch 3ver Coo or otherwife howfoever $ any thing in the faid recited A of tbe Fourteenth Ifcar of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, or in j other Aft or Afts in force immediately before the paffing of s Aft, or any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife not-ihfandingi

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing tins Aft, no Perfon (hall by any Means, Device, Shift or Con-* taoce whatsoever, receive or pay for any Gold Coin lawfully cur-xt within tbe United Kingdom of GtetUt Britain and Ireland, any ire or left in Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, than the true irful Value which fuch Gold Coin doth or (hall by its Denommatt import; nor (hall utter or receive any Piece or Pieces of Gold Icmof this Realm, at any greater or higher Rate or Value, nor at sy kb or lower Rate or Value than the fame (hall be current for i hjttnt, according to the Rates and Values declared and fet pon them porfuant to Law j and that every Perfon who (hall offend erein fall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and ring thereof convifted by due courte of Law, (hall fuller Impri-ament for the Tern of Six Calendar Mouths, and (hall find Sureties C c ft	for

14 G. 3. c.41# i s. and ocher Alts ms herein mentioned, repealed after a Day to be named in The King's Proclamation for that Purpofe*

No Tender of* Silver Goin legaf beyond 40s.

Current Gold Coin (hall not he receivtd or paid for more or lets than its Value, according to it a Denomination*

C.88..

5fl° GEO. HI.

A.D.1816,

«AA

OOV

for hiU or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the End of the fasd Six Months; and if the fame Perfon (hall afterwards be convided of the like Offence, fuch Perfon fhall for fuch Second Offence fuffer One Year’s Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the Ead of the f*id lad mentioned Year ; and if the fame Perfon (hall afterwards offend againft this Ad, and (hall by doe courfe of Law be convided of any fobfequent Offence, he or (he fhall be imprifoned for the Term of Two Years for every fuch fubfe-qucnt Offence*

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who fhall be convided of receiving or paying any fuch Gold Coin contrary to this Ad, fhall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, the Clerk of the Affize or Clerk of the Peace for the County, City or Place where fuch Convidion was fo had, fhall, ac the Requed of the Profecutor or any other Perfon on His Majefty’s behalf, certify fuch Convidion, for which Certificate Two ShilhngB and Sixpence, and no more, fhall be paid; and fuch Certificate being produced in Court, fhall be fumcient Proof of fuch'former Convidion.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon againd whom any Bill of Indidment fhall be found at any Affixes or Seffions of the Peace for any Offence againd this Ad, fhall be entitled to traverfe the fame to any fubdequent Affizes or Seffions; but the Court at which fuch Bill of Indidment fhall be found fhall forthwith proceed to try the Perfon or Perfons againd whom the fame fhall be found, unkfs he, fhe or they fhall fhew good caufe, to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial fhould be podponed.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That on any Piofecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be

profecuted or tried for any Offence againd this Ad, it (hall not be neceffary to prove that the Gold Coin received or paid or uttered contrary to this Ad, is the Current Gold Coin of this Realm, but the fame fhall be deemed and taken fo to be, if received or paid or uttered as fuch, until the contrary thereof fhall be proved to the Satis-fadion of the Judge, JufHce or Court before whom any fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be profecuted or tried.

All other Ads XVII. And be it further enaded, That all and every Ad and relatiog to Silver Ads in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, refpeding C™«unded ^ cu>in of this Realm, or the clipping, dinunifhing or counterfeiting t0 “	of	the fame, or refpeding any other matters relating thereto, ana

all Provifions, Proceedings, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punifhments therein contained or direded, not exprefsly repealed by this Ad* and not repugnant or contradidory to the Enadments and Provi-fions of this Ad, fhall be and continue in full Force and Effed j ..	and	fhall	be	applied and put in Execution with refped to the

Silver Coin to be coined in purfuance of the Directions of this. Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame were repeated and reenaded in this Ad.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to affed, alter Or repeal any Claufe, matter or thing in any Ad or Ads made or to he made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament, whereby it is or may be enftded or provided that the Promiffory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of EngUndt expreffed to be payable

to

Second Offence. PimUhmenc.

Subsequent Of*

fence.

Perfons convicted being again guilty, Clerk of the Peace (hall cer-lify former Conviction.

Indictments nut to be traverfed.

Provifo*

On Profecutkm, ndt.neceflary to srove Money lawful.

Provifo for Payments in Bank of England Notes.

56° GEO. IIL

AJX 1$\6*

C. 68, 69#	$$i

to Bearer on Demand (called Bank Notes) (hall be received for any Period in any fuch Aft mentioned in Payment of all Sums of Money which are or (hall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, and (hall be accepted by the Colleftors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue authorized to receive the fame, if offered to be fo paid, fraftiooal Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted . my thing in this Aft before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX. Provided alto, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft Provifo for Pay-contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to 3ter or repeal n,ent* J* j*e-any Claufe, matter or thing in auv Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, [n7rimnBa^nkand, whereby it is enafted or provided that all Sums of Money payable Tokens, in Ireland* for any Part of the Publia Revenue there, (hall be accepted by the Colleftors, Receivers and oilier Officers of the Revenue, itt Ireland authorized to receive the fame, in Silver Bank Tokens of the Bauk of Ireland, for Thirty Penpp, Ten Pence, or Five Penes refpeftively, which (hall be iffued during the Continuance of the;

Rjiftriftion pn Payments in Ca(h by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered to be 1q paid ; any thiug in tlii|

Aft before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife uQtwi}h«

Handing.

CAP. LXIX.

An Aft to continue, until ftie Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Afts of the Fifty fourth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Ditties of Cufton*s on Maddef imported into Great BnT tain, and for granting other Dutips in lieu thereof.

[22d June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Aft was patted in the Fifty fourth Year of $4 0.3.c.*& His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS far repeal-4 ing the Duties of Cujloms on Madder imported into Great Britain,

4 and for fronting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue m force until 4 the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feoenteen s 4 And Whereas another A ft was paffed in the fame Seffion of Par- o. 3. c. 27. 4 liament, intituled An AB to reBifj a Miftake in an AS of the pre-4 fent Sejfkm of Parliament* for repealing the Duties of (fnflome on 4 Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Doties 4 in lieu thereof: And Whereas it it expedient that the faid firft re-* cited Aft, as altered by the fecond recited Aft, (hould be cond-4 nued ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual arid Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the faid firft Recited Aft recited Aft, as amended by the faid fecond recited Aft, (hall be continued* continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

C c 4

C A Pi

C.70.

56® GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

3?)‘2

37	3*c* *7*

w

4» O.3.C.57.

54 0.3*

CAP. LXX.

An A&t to alter and amend feveral Ads relating to the Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provifion inrefpeft thereof.	[aad June 1816.]

WHEREAS the total Capital of the Debt of Ireland, funded in Ireland in perpetual Redeemable Annuities, exiting on * the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufaad feten hundred 4 and ninety feven, amounted to the Sum of Five millions eight hun*

* dred and twenty nine thoufand one hundred and fifty fix Pounds ‘ Thirteen Shillings and Four pence: And Whereas by feveral Ads • paffed in the Reign of His prefent Majefty 5 that is to fay, an Ad 4 pafTed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty feventh Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for vefiing a 4 certain Fund in Commiffioners at the End of every Quarter of a 4 Tear% to he hy them applied to the Redudion of the National Dehtf 4 and to direS the Application of additional Fundi in cafe of future 4 Loans to the Vtle Purpofe; an Ad paffed in the Forty lecond 4 Year of His prefent Majefty*s Reign, to amend fo much or the faid 4 recited Ad of the Thirty feventh Year as relates to the Commif-4 fiogers for carrying the fame into Execution; and an Ad paffed in 4 the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty*s Reign, intituled An 4 A8 to enable the Lords of the Treafury of Ireland to ijfue to the Com*

4 mijjxoncrs for the ReduSion of the National Debt a Sum equal to One 4 per Centum on the Amount of Treafury Bills outfianding in every 4 Tear (a), various Provifions were made for the gradual Redudion 4 of the faid Debt exifting on the Twenty fifth Day of March One 4 thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, and of the Public Debt 4 of Ireland fince contraded: And Whereas by virtue of the (aid 4 vieveral Ads the Sum of Seven millions eight hundred and ninety / two thoufand five hundred and thirty Pounds Eighteen Shillings 4 an^ Sixpence of Funded Capital of the faid Debt had on or before 4 thd Fiftn Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen 4 been adually purchafed by and placed to the Account of the Coiq* 4 miffionera for the Redudion of the faid National Debt, and which 4 faid Sum fo purchafed by and placed to the Account of the faid 4 Commiffioners as aforefaid, exceeds the total Capital of the t’er-4 petual Redeemable Annuities of the Funded Debt of Ireland 4 funded in Ireland% exifting on the Twenty fifth Day of March One 4 thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, by the Sum of Two mil* 4 lion8 fixty three thoufand three hundred and feventy three Pounds 1 Five Shillings and Two'pence,.and alfo produces an Intereft or 4 yearly Dividend fuperior in Amount to the whole annual Charge of 4 the Public Debt or Irelandfunded in Ireland in Perpetual Redeem-4 able Annuities exifting on the faid Twenty fifth Day of March .4 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven: And Whereas 4 the Public Burthens may at thi6 Period De greatly alleviated, and 4 the whole of the National Debt of Ireland now exifting may * neverthelefs be redeemed within Forty five Years from the Pe-4 nods of the refpedive Loans by which the fame was created, and 4 the Redudion thereof may be accelerated, if the Provifions of the 4 faid recited Ads were altered and amended in the manner herein* («) lSiG^.e.ito.2

* after

A.D. 1816*

56* GEO. Ill

C,1o.

sds

c after exprefiedBe it therefore ena&ed and declared by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-fent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Capital Debt of for the Purpofes of this Ad, an Amount of Public Debt equal to Ireland exiftitfg the whole Capital of the Public Debt of Ireland in Perpetual Re- 0,1 M*rch deemable Annuities exiftmg on the faid Twenty fifth Day of March difciwed^^ijd One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, (hall be deemed to be stock placed to fhtisfied and difcharged; and that fo much of the Capital Stock fo Account of purchased by and placed to the Account of the faid Commiifioners Commiffioners as aforefaid, and now (binding in the Names of the faid Commif- ** fioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of	e	1

Ireland, as Parliament by any Ad or Ads to be patted fof that Pur-pofe (hall or may dired, (hall be cancelled i and that the Interest or Dividends which (hall have been payable on fuch Stock (hall thenceforth ceafe to be iflued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ire• landy or to be charged on the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, and the Money which Would have been applicable to the Payment thereof Money formerly (hall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce oi the Confoli- applicable to dated Fund of Ireland^ in order to make Provifion for the Charge of	to be-

any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of CoofoUdated Loan, or in any other manner for the Service of the prefent or any future Year; and that from time to time whenever luch a further Divedionj w Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Ireland (hall have been pur- Commiffioners chafed by and placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners as in making fas* (hail be equal to the whole Capital in Perpetual Redeemable Annui-ties, amHhall have produced an Intereft or yearly Dividend equal in un ** Amount to the whole annual Charge 6f each Loan contra&ed fince the faid Twenty fifth Dap, of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven, the faid Commiffioners (hall thereupon from time to certificate pub-time certify and declare the fame to the Lord High Tre&futer or ufked in London Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, who (hall caufe and Dublin tile faid Certificate and Declaration to be ptiblifhed in the London Gaxettes* and Dublin Ga%ettes> and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament (hall be then fitting), but if Parliament (hall not be tlien fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and Whenever any fnch Certificate and Declaration (hall have been fo made, publimed and laid before Parliament a* aforefaid, the Amount of Public Debt to which fuch Certificate and Declaration (hall relate, (hall from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly fatisfied and difcharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock ftanding in the Names of the faid Commiifioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland fhall be con-fidered to be redeemed by Parliament, and (hall from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at fuch times and in fuch Proportions as fhall be dire&ed by any A& or Ads of Parliament to be palled for that Purpofe in order to make Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of Loan, or in any other manner, any thing in any Alt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: Provided nevertheleft, Provifo for that out of any Capital Stock to be cancelled as aforefaid thefe Life Annuities* fhall always be referved fuch Sum or Sums as fhall produce a yearly Intereft or Dividend adequate to make Provifion for the Payment of all Life Annuities which may then be payableout of the Six * ’

394

C. 70.

56° GEO)* III*

A.D.

Uadi Stock be a&ually canceled, Dividends to he applied to Account of Cora millioners.

CommiflSoners to purchafe Public Annuities equal to Debt which eiifted previous to June 22, i8oa, and alfo redeem fubTequent Debts, within certain Periods.

Quarterly Sums iffuedand applied purfuant to recited Adis, till Public Debt (hall be paid within 45 Years from its Creation.

Fund of Ireland, in cafe nofufficient Reservation of Stock fhal time theretofore have been made for that Purpofe*

IX. Provided always and be it further ena&ed* That in q whenever any fuch Capital Stock which may have been deck be fatisfied and difeharged as aforefaid, or any Part of fuch ( Stock, (hall not be adually cancelled ia virtue of any Ad q of Parliament to be palled for fuch Purpofe, then and in fuch cafe the Dividends of all fuch, Capital Stock as mar oat been cancelled (hall in the meantime and until the fame fluBJ adually cancelled, continue to be iiTued at the Receipt of m chequer of Ireland, and be placed to the i\pcqunt of them miffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt at then Ireland, and fhall be applied by them in the Redemption A National Debt in fuch and the fame manner iu all rdpeds« Dividends of any other Capital Stock Handing in dor Nuq applicable for that Purpofe*

III* Provided allb, and be it further enaded, Tint any i Capital Stock as aforelaid (hall never be deemed to be hiiilxt difeharged or be cancelled by Parliament, in fuch a manner or to fuch Latent as might not leave in the Hands of (be Cud Con fioners a §ura fufficient (together with the other Fundi cri Money appropriated to them) to redeem or purchafe an f of redeemable Public Annuities equal to fuch Part of the i the redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Inlaid as < previous to the Twenty fecond Day of June One thoufaod i hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the faid T fecond Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and two, redeem or purchafe an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities ei to fuch Part thereof as hath been or fhall be created fuUqa to the faid Twenty fecond Day of June One thoufand eight barf and two, within Forty five Years from the refpedive Periods of Creation of fuch redeemable Public Annuities refpe&ivelv.

IV. And in order to make more effedual Provifion for del demption of the Public Debt of Ireland within the Period of Fl five Years from the time of its Creation conformably to the ltd and meaning of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad; Beil ther enaded, That all and every the quarterly Sum and Sums via by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or any of them, are dire&dtfl iffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, to the Go*# and Company of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Comsshl for the Redudion of the National Debt, (hall from time to timed tinue to be fo iflued, and (hall be applied by the feid Comni&tt purfuant to the Diredioos and under and according to the Kdb) tions and Provifions of the faid recited Ads, either in Pajn&stt the Redemption or in the Purchafe of the feveral redeemable ftbl Annuities of Ireland, until the whole of the Perpetual Redceaah Annuities now or which may hereafter become charged up1 « Public Funds of Ireland (hall have been completely rekmed < purchafed within Forty five Years from the Creation thereof; aforefaid, any thing in tne faid recited Ads, or any of them) to i! contrary thereof ia any wife notwithilanding*

CAP

sa* GEO. III.

an.

395

CAP. LXXL fcj&to amend am A£t of the Fifty firft Tear of Hh pre tlfajefty's Reign, for difeharging certain Arrears of r Crown and CompoGtion Rents in Ireland.

[22d June 1816.3

rHEREAS m and by an Aft pried in the Fifty firft Year 51 g 3. of the Reign of Hie prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for i 1.

* r etrtmm Arrears of Quit* CronvnanJ Comtofition Rents, t ken gromsmg dme tie Ireland j it is amonrft other things i fit it (hall and may be lawful for every Period and Per-, BofiwPoGtic and Corporate, at any dme before the Twenty March, which will be ia the Year One thoufead eight feed ad twenty one, to prefer his, her or their Petition or Pfcti.

1 to Hh Majefty*s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, thereby forth, that at! or fome of the Lands, Reftory, Abbey, j, Mmftery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and Heredit-1 a Ireland, whereof he, (he or they is or are feifed, is or or Gable to fome certain Quit Rent, Crown Rent,

1 or other Chief Rent payable to His Majefty, his 1 ad Socceflbrs, which bath not been paid for the Space of Tten next immediately preceding the Twenty ninth Day ' r m the Year One thou find eight hundred and ten, in r and Form, and containing fuch Particulars, as in and I the Witched Aft is and are prescribed, direfted and appointed)

1 lthstttVy Examinations in a Summary way it (hall appear to the rat of Exchequer that no Quit, Crown or Composition Rents, r other Rots is aforefaid, hath been paid or accounted for by r CbDeftor of His Majefty’s Revenue out of fuch Lands, Rec-ff Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements Hereditaments, within the Term of Twenty Years next before i Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred i tea, and that 00 Proceedings have been bad by or on behalf of i M&fty for Recovery of Fuch Rent within the faid Twenty rs, the (aid Court is by the faid recited Aft authorized and I to make an Order that the faid Lands, Reftory, Ab-jjr, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and He-''tunents mentioned in fuch Petition, and the Perfons who from i to time refpeftively held and enjoyed the fame, (hould be abfo-ly freed and discharged of and from all fuch Rent and Arrears t or in Arrear at any time before the faid Twenty ninth Day of Umber One thoufand eight hundred and ten; but where Pro-dug* (hall have been had for Recovery of fuch Arrears within the ice of Twenty Years as aforefaid, and before any fuch Petition 1 be preferred, that then fuch Lands, Reftory, Abbey, Priory,

|ooaftery Lands, Tythes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments,

1 the Perfons who from time to time held and enjoyed the fame,

& be difeharged of and from all Arrears of fuch Rents to the 1 Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and 1 four: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the faid AftBe it (More enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and . with tk Advkfc and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal

and

e. 91.

396

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.'

Court of Chao* •cry, in addition to Order to be made under recited Ad, to dired Auditor General to enquire whether any Proceedings bad been taken for Recovery of Renti, and what Coda had been incurred, fee. Cofts paid by Petitioners.

43 G.j.c. i*z.



a 71, 72.

and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, in addition to the Order which the (aid Court of Exchequer is in and by the faid recited Ad authorized and empowered to make, upon any Petition or Petitions filed under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, fuch Court (hall and is hereby required to order and dirfcd shat the Auditor General or his Deputy (hall enquire and certify to the faid Court# by a certain Day to be appointed by tbe faid Court, whether any and what Proceedings had been taken by or on behalf of His Majefty, bis Heirs and Succeffors, for Recovery of fuch Rents, at any time before fueh Petition or Petitions (hall have been preferred as aforefaid, and whether any and what Cofts and Expences had been incurred by or on behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the Recovery of fuch Rents, a Copy of which Order (hall be ferved on the Solictor of The King's Rents Ten Days at the lead before the Day appointed for the making of fuch Certificate, and upon the Return of fuch Certificate the faid Court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and required to make an Order on fuch Petition or Petitions ; and that lueh Perfon or Perfoas, Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo preferring his or their Petition or Petitions as aforefaid, after fuch Proceedings (hall have been had or taken on behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors as aforefaid, (hall in all fuch cafes pay to the Solicitor for His Majefty*s Rents all fuch Cofts and Expences as (hall on fuch Certificate appear to have been incurred on fuch Proceedings, the fame being duly afeertained and taxed by the proper Officers; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall pay fuch Cofts and Expences accordingly, before the faid Court of Exchequer (hall make any Order on fuch Petition or Petitions to difeharge fueh Arrears of Quit, Crown or Compofition Rents, or other Chief Rents as aforefaid $ any thing in the laid recited A ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXII.

An Aft to continue and amend fo much of an A& of tho Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for authorizing the billetting and fubje&ing to Military Difcipline certain Yeomanry Corps, and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to fuch Corps in Ireland.	[aad	June 1816.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Maiefty's Reign, intituled An Att for author-4 izing tbe billetting of fuch Troop* of Teomanry and Volunteer Cavalry * a* may be dejirous of ajfcmbling for tbe Purpofc of being trained • together, in Great Britain and Ireland ; and for fubjeffing to Mili-* tary Difcipline, during tbe War, fueh Serjeants ferving in any Vo-4 lunteer or Teomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry at receive conflant 4 Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bmglei ’em ferving therein, • and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate ; and for the far-* tber regulating of fucb Teomanry and Volunteer Corps ; which A 61 • was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of the 4 War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive 4 Treaty of Peace with France : And Whereas by an Aft made in 4 the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for co*

4 turning

A.D.1816.

£6° GEO. III.

c. 72.

997

« Unuing to much of the (aid recited Aft at relates to fuch Corps

*	in Inland, the (aid recited Aft was continued until the End of

*	this prefent Seffion of Parliament, and it is expedient that the fame < foould be further continued, fo far as relates to fuch Troops or

*	Corps in Ireland/’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That the faid recited Recited A&, f# Aft of the Forty third Year of His Majeftv’s Reign (hall be and far a* relate* to continue in force, fo far as relates to any luch Troops or Corps Corpiin Ireland, in Ireland, from the time of the palling of this Aft until the Ex- tlnued C°*" piratioo of One Year next after the paffing of this Aft, and from

thence until the End of the then next Semon of Parliament; and that ail fuch Provifions and Regulations in the faid recited Aft contained, fo far as relates to fuch Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the faid Aft are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of fuch Definitive Treaty of Peace, (hall be in force, as amended by this Aft, during the Continuance of the faid recited Aft as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall andmay be lawful to LardLkutentnt and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors m*Y

of Ireland for the time being, to make fuch Orders, Rules and	m rela’-

Regulations, and from time to time to alter the fame, in relation to cubing and the Pay, Clothing and Allowances of fuch Troops and Corps, or Allowance*, any of them, and alfo as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts or Orders for the regulating or managing fuch Pay, Clothing or Allowances, or the Iftue of any Public Money from His Majefty’s Trea-fury in Inland, or from any Fund whatsoever for or on account of any fuch Pay, Clothing or Allowances, and to require fuch Proofs or fuch Affidavits before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace relating to the faid matters, or any of them, as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall think fit j every fuch Order,

Rule and Regulation, to he notified in the ufual manner by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Abfence, by the Under Secretary for the Military Department in the faid Chief Secretary’s Office.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Entry of any fuch Or- Entry of Regul-der, Rule or Regulation, in the proper Book to be kept for that at5oi1s *n Book of Purpofe in the laid Military Department of the Chief Secretary’s

Office, or an examined Copy of fuch Entry, (hall, in all Courts Chief S^rnary whatfoever, and on all Trials and Occafions whatsoever, be deemed, fuffirient Evi- 1 taken and received as good and Sufficient Evidence of fuch'Rule, deuce.

Order or Regulation, and of the due and regular Notification thereof.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Affidavits re-to and for any Juftice and Juftices of Peace, and they are hereby quired by fuch required, refpeftively, to take any Affidavit required to be taken or Re*ujJ*ll°T* made by or before a Juftice or Juftices of the Peace by any fuch 2ny Rule, Order or Regulation ; and if any Perfon making fuch Affidavit juatre.

(hall fwta* faifely therein, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence be deemed and adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury, Perjury, and (hail Suffer fuch Pains, Penalties and Punifoment as Perfons guihy

of wilful and corrupt Penury (hall be then by Law liable to.

V.	And

56° GEO. Ill,

998

Continuance of

Aa.

What fhallbe deemed fuffi-cient Evidence for Convi&ion.

C. 72, 73, 74.

A. D

V. And be it further eaa&ed, That this A€t (ball coni force until the Expiration of the Year next after die paffing t and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parlia

CAP. LXXni.

An Aft for removing Difficulties in the Conviftion of ( ders Healing Property from Mines.	[22d June (

4 TX7HEREAS the Minerals, and the Timber^ Iron vi\ 4 W Materials ufed in or for the working of Mines ae 4 expofed to Depredation: And Whereas great Difficubi 4 been experienced in profecuting to Conviftion and bragi 4 Juftice Perfons who have ftolen fuch Property, by rnfoo ( 4 Rule of Law which at) prefent prevails throughout that ft 4 Great Britain called England, for fettine forth b bdidaait 4 Larceny the Names of all the Perfons who may k the Owoc. 4 or are interefted in the Property ftolen: And Whotutk Ida 4 of fuch Property may be afeertained and deformed is efc&o 4 by averring the lame in fuch Indi&ment to be the Ptopetyoft 4 one or more of the Partners in fuch Mining Concern!, a&ti 4 his or their Partners or Co Adventurers, without naming! 4 other Partners or Co Adventurers;9 Be it ena&cdby Tk hi Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Content d Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent ft ment affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tint fna after the paffing of this Aft it frail and may be lawful, and il deemed fufficient, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, fa Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders charged b any Iodidi with Grand or Petty Larceny for or on account of ftealfaganyl^ rals, or any Timber, Iron or other Materials ufed b or fcr the vi ing of Mines, being the Perfonal Property of any Compay Adventurers carrying on the fame, to alledge sad ever the Minerals, Timber, Iron or other Materials fo notes are the Prop of fome one or more of the Partners or Adventurers in I Mining Concern, and others his or them Partners or Co Adieu® without naming fuch other Partners or Co Adventurers; and i fuch Form of deferibing the Property ftolen from fuch Company Adventurers (hall be, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoew, valid and effeftual in Law as if the fame were averted to bet Property of all the Owners thereof, and as if the Names of dh Owners were particularly and diftin&ly fet forth b fuch Indite any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any* notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Aft for the Purchafe of certain Lands, Tenements n Hereditaments at Sbeerne/s and Chatham, in the Const} < Kent, for the Ufe of the Navy.	[24th	June	1816

‘ \T7HEREAS it is expedient that His Majefty fhouUbeo * Vy bled to purchafe tne Lands, Tenements and Hemtofi 4 hereinafter particularly mentioned and deferibed, for the Pnrpd 4 of the fame being added to or ufed with and for the Purpafesu 4 Service of His Majefty’s Dock Yards at Sheenefi and Cbnk *4. refpeftivelyBe it therefore enafted by The King's Moft &

15	ceiln

L

A.t>. 1*16.

56* GEO. III.

C. 74.

S9»

cellcnt Majcfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful Tht Admiralty to and for the Lord High Admiral, or any Three or more of the *utlJorj*€ Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of whh Owner* for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, the Purchafe of from time to time, by any Writing under their Hands, to authorize the Landthere-Sny Perfon or Perfons to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, *D defcribed. Perfon or Perfons interefted, for tne abfolute Purchafe of all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground fituate and being at a Place called Blue Town, in the Parifti of Minjhrt in the IJle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, bounded on the North by the High Street, including the whole of that Street up to the Boundary Fence of His Majefty's Dock Yard at Sheernefs, as far as the Road leading from the faid High Street to the Garrifon, and in other Part up to tne Entrance of the faid Road, and the Fronts of Houfes and Buddings landing on Ground belonging to His Majefty, lately transferred or given up by the Ordnance to the Navy department, as far as the Eaft Side of Chapel Street; on the South by the Boundary Ditch of certain Lands or Grounds belonging to or occupied by the Board of Ordnance ; on the Eaft, by Chapel Street, including all fuch Foot nnd other Pavement and Ground on the Weft Side of that Street, and lies to the Weftward of a Line to be drawn parallel to the Eaft Side of the Tame Street from the outermoft Edge of the Foot Pavement at the South End, to the outermoft Edge of the Pavement at the North End, and thence acrofs the High Street to the faid Ground and Buildings lately transferred to the Navy Department as aforefaid;

On the Weft, in Part by Weft Street, including the whole of that Street up to the Boundary Fence of the faid Dock Yard, in Part,

*mi in other Part by the Embankment of the River Medway, together with all and fingular the MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes, and all other Ere&ions and Buddings eredfej} and built on the faid Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, or any Part thereof 5 and alfo all that Pier or Jetty fituate at Sheernefs aforefaid, commonly called or known by the Name of The Sheernefs Pier, or Blue Town Pier, and the Toll Houfe thereto belonging, and all Eregions and Buildings whatfoever ereftcd and built thereon ; and alfo all that Piece or Parcel of Frefh Marfh Land, containing by Eftimation Eighteen Acres and Thirty nine Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, with the Two MefTuages or Dwelling Houfes, and other Ere&ions Handing thereon, fituate and being in the Parifh of Gillingham, in the faid County of Kent, bounding to the Piece or Parcel of Salt Marfti next hereinafter mentioned and defcribed, or the Creek or Fleet feparating the fame from the faid Piece of Frefh Marfh Land, towards the North, to Marfh Lands belonging to His Majefty towards the South, to the other Piece or Parcel of Frefh Marfh Land hereinafter mentioned and defcribed towards the Weft, and to the Creek called Saint Mary's Creek towards the Eaft, as the fame Premifes now are or late were in the Tenure or Occupation of John Bafeden, or his Under Tenants; and alfo all that Piece or Parcel of broken Salt Marfh lying and being on the Eaft Side of the faid Piece or Parcel of Frefh ‘Marfh hereinbefore mentioned and ’defcribed, and between it and the faid Creek called Saint Mary's Creek; and alfo all that Piece or Parcel of Salt Marfh Land, containing

400

a 74.

56° GEO. III.

A-I;

Bodies Politic* &c. and incapacitated Perfons may contra# for the Sale.

taining by Eftimation Seven Acres, Two Roods and Three ]1 or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, fituate and beiiq; Parifh of Gillingham aforefaid, bounding to the River Mods i wards the North, to the Piece or Parcel of Frefh Marfh Land mentioned and deferibed, or the faid Creek or Fleet feparufcii fame from the faid Piece or Parcel of Salt Marfh, towards die i! to Land belonging to His Majefty towards the Weft, and to di Creek called Saint Mary** Creek, or the Entrance thereof ttl the Eaft, as the fame is now or late was in the Tenure or Otm of the faid John Bafeden9 or his Under Tenants ; and sli»fc| Creek or Fleet between the faid Piece or Parcel of Frefh Mall and the faid Piece or Parcel of Salt Marfh Land hereinbefaei tioned and deferibed ; and alfo all that Piece or Parcel of Frefh 1 Land, containing by Eftimation Seven Acres, One Rood sad T five Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, wkk the S and other Ere&ions thereon, fituate and being in the Por&h of lingham aforefaid, bounding to the faid Piece or Pndl of Fi Marfh Land hereinbefore mentioned and deferibed towarfe the No and Eaft, and to Lands belonging to His Majefty towarfc the 8m and Weft, as the fame now are or late were in the Tenure or I cupation of the faid John Bafeden or his Under Tenants; aaAj all thofe Twelve feveral MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Hoi with the Yards, Gardens, Backfides and Appurtenances to thj feverally belonging or appertaining, fituate and being at so commonly called Tom-all-alone’* (and fo me times called PrimcefitA near the laid laft mentioned and deferibed Piece or Parcel of ■ Marfh, and in the Parifh of Gillingham aforefaid, as the fame am or late were in the feveral Tenures or Occupations of George A dnn Rich Widow, France* Spencer Widow, Thomas Hartley»I Flewf Charles Plea/ance, Line Purcell, Thomas Clark9 Thomas J the younger, George Clark9 James Clark9 and Thomas Madcray* by whatloever other Name or Names, Quantities, Qualities or I feriptions, Abuttals and Boundaries, the faid feveral Pieces or Pm of Land, MefTuages or Tenements, Iner or Jetty, and Premifo, any of them, or any Part thereof, may be better called, known on tinguifhed, and all Ways, Paths, Paflages, Fleets, Creeks, Dkd Banks, Walls, Fences, Eafements, Liberties, Privileges and Astt tenances what foe ver to the faid feveral Pieces or Parcels of Lamm MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfcs, Ere&ions, BsqUm Pier or Jetty, and Preroifes hereinbefore mentioned, every cri of them, or any Part or Parts thereof belonging or in any* appertaining.

II. Ana be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for 1 Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecdefiaftical or Civil, and all Fedfc or Truftees for charitable or other public Purpofes, and for aD To nants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Hufbands, Guardian Truftees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of fuch of the Owner or Proprietors of, or Perfons interefted in any of the Lands, Tew ments or Hereditaments aforefaid, as fhall be Femes Covert, Infun Lunatics, Ideots or Perfons beyond the Seas, or otherwife incapabl vf a&ing for themfelves, and to and for all and every Perfoa aJ Perfons whomfoever, who are or fhall be feifed or pofieffed of or 'i any wife interefted in any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditament* hereinbefore mentioned or deferibed, or any Part thereof, to cootrtl

A.D. 1816,

56*G£0.IIL

C. 74.

401

Sftid agree with fuch Perfon or Perfons authorized as aforefaid for the absolute Sale of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to convey, fui-render or grant the fame unto the faid Commiffioners for executing the laid Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Truft for His M&jefty, his Heirs and Succeffors accordingly, and all fuch Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Grants and Agreements (hall be viilid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpoles whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any fuch Bodies, or other Perfons hereby authorized to contrad on behalf of themfelves or others as aforefaid, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any of the laid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (hall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing fubfcribed by fuch Perfon or Perfons authorized as aforefaid, (hall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Body, or to luch other Perlons hereby authorized to contrad on behalf of others, or interefted themfelves as aforefaid, 'or left at his, her or their ufual Place of Abode, refufe or decline to treat or agree, or by reafon of Abfence (hall be prevented from receiving any fuch Notice, and from treating or agreeing with fuch Perfon gr Perfons authorized as aforefaid or (hall refufe to accept fuch Sum of Money as (hall be offered by fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the Confideration for the ab-folute Purchafe of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons fo authorized as aforefaid to require Two or more Juftices of the Peace, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (One of whom (hall be a Juftice of the Peace of the faid County of Kent) to put His Majefty’s Officers into immediate Poffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which fuch Juftices or Deputy Lieutenants are hereby required to do, and (hall for that Purpofe iffue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals commanding Poffeffion to be fo delivered ; and (hall alfo iffue their Warrant to the Sheriff of the laid County of Kent to fummon a Jury, and every fuch Sheriff for the time being is hereby authorized and required, on Receipt of any and every fuch Warrant, to fummon and return a Jury properly qualified, of the Number of Twenty four, and in the manner required by the Laws of England* who (hall meet at fome convenient time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve (hall be drawn, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Courts at Wejlminjler are drawn by Law in England; and in cafe a fufficient Number (hall not appear, the faid Sheriff (hall choofe others of the Bye Standers, or that can fpeedily be procured, being qualified as aforefaid, and the faid Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the (aid Juftices or Deputy Lieutenants refpe&ively may fummon Witneffes and adjourn any fuch Meeting if Jurymen or Wit-neffes do not attend, and the Jury on hearing any Witneffes and Evidence that may be produced, (hall, on their Oaths, (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths of fuch Witnefles, the laid Juftices or Deputy Lieutenants refpe&ively are. hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter,) find tlte Compensation to be paid for the abfolute Purchafe of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if the (aid High Admiral, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of

66Cbo.UI.	Dd	Lord

Contrad s valid.

In default of treating, Two Jufticea may put His Majefty’t Officer* in Pofleflion.

Warrant to Sheriff to fummon Jury.

If no fufficient Number than a Jury rfe circum-(Until; us.

Compenfation to Owner*.

Parties dHTatk-fed with Verdid of Juxy,may

408

M’GEO.IIL

AD. IS

apply to Court of Exchequer, who may direct an Inqutfirion to be had before the Juftices of Af-fixeand Nifi Prius, to afcer-tain Compete Cation.

Verdict of Jury returned to Court of Exchequer.

Jury alfo totf-certain the Proportion to ho paid to Leftees, Ac.

Jury on Enquiry 1 before Judge may alter Proportion*

C.74.

Lord High Admiral aforefaid, or any Ferfon interfiled therm, be diffatisfied with the VerdiA of any fuch Jury, it Audi be k for them or their Attornies to apply to the Court of Excheqw We/lminjler, hi the Term neat after the Adding of any fuch Vm and to fuggeft to the faid Court that they have reafon to be A isfied with fuch Verdi A, and forthwith give Notice thereof It faid Lord High Admiral, or Commiffioners, or Party (at thr 4 may be), and thereupon the Proceedings that (hall have beenUl the VerdiA of fuch Jury fliall be returned into the hud Court dfl chequer, and if it (ball appear to the faid Court to be proper,til geftion (hall be entered on fuch Proceedings as aforeiaid, at Writ (hall thereupon, by Rule of fuch Court, bs direAed tit Sheriff of the faid County of Kent* to fumtnon either s Cason Special Jury, according to the Application that (hall hare bees os in that behalf, and as the Court (hall allow, and who (haJfir/peAiff be qualified according to Law to appear before the JaAioet ofAfiu and Nifi Prius of the faid County of Kent, at the antAAm < Sittings of Nifi Prius, if the fame (hall not happen faoner da Twenty one Days after fuch Suggeition, otherwise at the nut hi ceeding Affizes or Sittings, and tne Compenfation to be peidfcrd abfolute Purchase of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hemfitimcnts k at fuch Affizes or Sittings be ascertained by fuch Jury in like ■ ner as any Damages may he enquired of upon any InquiHbon <ri quiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Afire el Prius, and the VerdiA of fuch Jury (hall be returned to tki Court of Exchequer, and (hall be final aa&condufive,unkfstki Court of Exchequer (hall think fit, on any Application madeitt Four Days after the Commencement of the fucceeding Tern Seffion, to order any new Trial in relation thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fid lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Jpftice of the Poet1 Magi fixates, or Deputy Lieutenants, or before any Judge of AS or Nifi Prius, to ascertain the Compenfation to be paid for any Laj Tenements or Hereditaments under this A A, and they are heref required to afeertain and fettle the Proportion to be paid out of k Compenfation to any Perfon or Perfons having any IntereitisLefi or Tenants for Years at Will, or otherwife, in any fuch Im Tenements or Hereditaments, and the Proportion to be paid m fuch Compenfation (hall be returned on the VerdiA: Provided^ that where any fuch Enquiry before any Judge of Affize or Prius (hall be had on the Application of any fuch Leflee or nant for Years or at Will, or other Perfon having sny inferior tereft in any fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, who fll have been diffatisfied with the Proportion or Compenfation fettle by the Jury to be paid in refpeA of fuch Interefi, it (hall not beW ful. for the Jury in any fuch cafe to alter the Amount of the entk1 Compenfation awarded by any former VerdiA to be paid for l'oc •Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but only the Proportioste to be paid to tlje Perfon or Perfons having a Separate Interrft therraj and it fhali not be lawful for any Jury, on any Enquiry had any Judge of Affize or Nifi Prius as to any foch Compcnktioii fl the Application of the faid Lord High Admiral, or Commffiona for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforefaid, to dj the Proportion that (hah have been fettled by any foch former Jfl at to any feparate Intercft in any fuch Lands or HereditiaeBts. 1

56* GEO. Ill,

403



G74.

jfodded alio, and be it further emtAed, That it (hall be W0*U fir tbe Court making any fuck Rule to require that the ffcflyra *ka& Application the reme (hall be made (hall give fuch tapfras (hall to fuch Court feenr proper for Payment of Coftl, ■Track Ctrcmnftanoea aa (hall be fpecified in any Rule made for

TOL And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where any Wf (hall have been or (hall be agreed, or (hall have been or (hall fcrad by the Verdi& of any Jury to be paid or given for any of 1 lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereinbefore mentioned and (abed, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability 1 licapadty, or abfont, or not having the abfolute Intereft therein, a feme ftu be paid by the Treafurer of His Majefty'a Navy for tar hew into the Hands of tbe Deputy of The Kind’s Re-■hacpr of His Majefty's faid Court ot Exchequer for the time mg for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the faid epety Remembrancer is hereby authorized and required to receive A to give a Difcharge for the fame, and upon the Receipt thereof fin a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the laid Courts of' aoeqwr raider his Hand, purporting and fignifying that fuch faey or other Confideration was received by and paid to him 1 Punmnce of this A&, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon r Perfons who (hall be named and described in fuch Certificate, and a hid Certificate lhall be filed in the faid Court of Exchequer, d a tree Copy thereof figned by the Deputy Remembrancer of A Coart (hall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the vrpofes hereinafter mentioned; and the faicj Deputy Remembrancer ft hereby required upon Receipt of any fuch Sum or Sams of Money * afoitdaid to pay the fame into the Bank of England; and ip&-mdate/r upon the filing of fuch Certificate the faid Lands, Tene-*dts and Hereditaments (hall be and become veiled in or to the ffc of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors*

VIIL And be it further enp&ed, That the Barons or Judges of fi» Majefty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif for W time tang refpe&ively, or any Two or more of them, (hall be sixhtrut nereby authorized and empowered, ip a fummary way, pm Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any Perfon or Perns interefted in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money fo paid to d received by the find Deputy Remembrancer, or the Intereft op educe thereof, and upon reading the Certificate deeded to be ped by the faid Deputy Remembrancer concerning the fame as ostbid, and receiving fuch further Satisfaction as they (hall think stflary, to make and pronounce fuch Orders and Directions for lying the (aid Money, or any Part of the fame, or for placing out eh Part thereof as (hall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon KntrmBeot or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends r Intereft thereof, or any Part thereof, to the refpe&ive Perfons afttd to receive tbe fame, or for laying out the Principal, or any Part thereof, in the Perchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to conveyed and fettled to, for and upon the fame Ufes, Trulls, intents and Purposes as the faid Lands aud Hereditaments fo taken hood finltd at the time of the Payment of fuch Money as aforefaid, r at nor as the fame can be done, or otherwise, concerning the dif-of the £«4 Mwey, or a»y J?*rt thereof, and tjip IntfTfft of D d 2	the

Security for Payment of Colts.

Money belong, iog to incapacit* ated Perfoos how drfpofed of.

Court of Exchequer on Application of fu ch' Pertons for Dtf-pofition of fuch Money may give Direct ioov therein.

Securities, &c. to veft in Deputy Remembrancer for time being without any Affignmcnt.

Where no Deputy Principal to here lame Powers.

laftead of the

Duties repealed, for erery La ft of Rape or Cole Seed imported.

New Duty.

Duties under Management ef CommHfionert ef CuAoms.

C. 74, 75.	56° GEO. III.	A.D.U

the fame, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Perfon or Tons entitled to and interefted in the fame refpe&ively, or fa pointing any Perfon or Perfons to be Truftee or Truftees fort any of lueh Purpofea at the (aid Court ihall think juft and rafts

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon the Death or Ret of any fuch Deputy Remembrancer all Stocks and Securities in him by virtue of this Ad (hall veft in the fucceeding Da Remembrancer for the Purpofea hereinbefore mentioned wrthm Affignment or ^Transfer; and all Monies paid into the ttj England in purfuance of this Ad, or remaining in the Hum Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforefaidi, (hall be pride to the fucceeaing Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

X.	And be it further enaded and declared, Tbatifin anyt The King’s Remembrancer (hall execute the faid Ofice n Perl then and in fuch cafe the feveral Trufts, Powers and Aatborit by this Ad vefted in the faid Deputy Remembrancer sod hi* Su ceffors, (hall, during fuch time as no Deputy Reraftnbmcer III be appointed, be veiled in and be executed by the fad ll| Remembrancer for the time being.

CAP. LXXV.

An Ad to repeal the Duties of Cultoms upon the Import* into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seel* to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. [24th Jm M

* TTTHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftomi « W payable upon the Importation into the United Kingk « of Rape Seed and Cole Seed (hould be repealed, and thitodj « Duties (hould be impofed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enft by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adnce^ Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,hi prefect Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the ft* That from and after the Firft Day of July One thouundeighths dred and fixteen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upoi d Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed andColcS* thau ceafe and determine, fare ana except in all cafes relating Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain uspRo to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which Ibfthaj been incurred at any time before the (aid Firft Day of July OwM fand eight hundred and fixteen ; and that from and after tkfi( Day, in lieu and inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there IbM railed, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majefty, his Hein ■ Succeflora, for every Laft of Rape Seed or Cole Seed imported k( the United Kingdom the Sum ot Ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enafted, That fuch of the faid Duties 1 (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England iHaDbeurit the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Enjb* for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Pat* Gnat Britain called Scotland, (haH be under the Management of 4 Commiflioners of Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and M thereof as (hall arife in that Part of the United Kingdom am Inland (hall be under the Management of the Commiflwnm of tfc Cuftoms and Port Dutici ip Ireland for the time bring.

Ill A*

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. IIL

C. 75,76*

#05

IIL And be it further enafted, That the (aid Duties (hall be m*» Duds* tow naged, ascertained, raifed, levied, collefted, paid and recovered in fuchlevW* and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afcertained, • railed, levied, collefted, paid and recovered, and under and fubjeft to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for Securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pams, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in breach of any A ft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes,

Powers and Directions therein contained, (hall be in full force and effeCt as to the (aid Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Puipofes, as if they were at large repeated and reenaCted in this A A.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That all the Monies from time to Application of time anting from the faid Duties in Great Britain, the necefiary Duties. Charges of railing and accounting for the fame respectively excepted,

(hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler% under the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms, and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain ; and that all the Monies anting from the faid Duties in Ireland\ the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame being dedufted, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of IrelandL

V.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, A£t may to amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be paffed in the prefent altered, Sec. Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVT.

An Aft for repealing the feveral Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other Bounties in Heu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

[24th June 1816.]

‘ TX7HEREAS it is expedient that the feveral Bounties refpeft-s VV ively allowed on the Exportation, from any Part ot the 4 United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within the United * Kingdom (hall be difcontinued, and that other Bounties (hould be 4 granted and allowed in lieu thereofBe it therefore cnafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Fifth Pay of July One thouund eight hun- Bounties now

dred and fixteen, the feveral Bounties on the Exportation, from any psysMe on Ex-

Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within

the United Kingdom, allowed under or in purfuance of any Aft or

Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Fifth Day Scribed to

of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall ceafe, deter- TsMt anneisd

mine and be no longer paid $ and that inftead and in lieu thereof to to paid.

there (hall be paid and allowed the feveral Bounties on fueh Refined

Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom as the feme

are refpeftively deferibed and fet forth in the Table to this Aft

annexed.

D d 8	II. And

C.79.

46* GEO. III.

A.D.II19.

Bounties fubjeft to former Regulations.

Old Bounties on Sugar (hipped before July 5, 1816, allowed.

Provifo for Deduction from Bounty on Sugar when exported in any other than a Britifh VeflTel by 43 G. 3- c. 11. S3-

47 O.3. Se(T. i.

c. 19. $ 4.

Continuance of

a a.

Aft may be altered,fcc.

II.	And be it farther ertafted, That the feveral Bounties on Re-fined Sugar, by this Aft granted, (hall be paid or allowed in fbfch ahd the like manner irt every Refpeft, and fubjeft and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations! Reftriftions, Conditions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft,) as any Bounties on Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom were paid or allowed before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the feveifel and refpeftive Bounties on any Sort of Refined 8ugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, which from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, are by this Aft repealed, (hall be paid or allowed on any fuch Sugar Which (hall be aftually (hipped for the Purpofe of Exportation from any Part of the United Kingdom, on or before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, notwithftanding fuch Sugar may not be exported until after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or repeal the Deduftion to be made from the Bounty allowed on Sugar when exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, in another than a Britifh Veffel .owned, navigated and regiftered according to Law, as direfted by an Aft paflfed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for. difeonttnuing certain Draw-bacltr and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and fir allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and finer ; or by an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty'8 Reign, intituled An AS to provide more ejfeSually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and fir allowing Britifh Plantation Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland until the Twenty fifth Day of Marcn One thoufand eight hundred and eight•

V.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft, or any of the Pro-vifions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Aft or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

TABLE to which this A & refers.

Whatever may* be the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar -

Bounty on Refined Sugar catted BfcftarOf,ar Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or being ground or powdered Sugar.	Boerity on other Refined Sugar in iioaf complete and whole, ftr Lumps duly refined, or on flich Sugar pounded, era (bed 6r broken; nd on Sugar Gandy.	Additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar.
50#. (he Cwt.	46*. the Cwt.	8/. the Cwt.



66* GEO. III.

C. 77.

*07

CAP. LXXVII. its repeal certain Duties granted by an A6t palled in f faft Seffion of Parliament, for repealing the Provifions Ffbrmer AflU granting exclufive Privileges of Trade to » South Sea Company.	[74th	June	j	816. j

rHEREAS by an Adi palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to refeal the feme of former AQe granting exclufive Privilege* of Trade to

m__1 Sooth Sea Company $ and to indemnify the feed Company for the

jZaftoffmh Privileges; it is cna&ed, that there fhall he raifed, le-coBe&ed and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-f’ tntin, apon all Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into Alt of the United Kingdom from any Place within the Li-

*	jMi of the foie and exclufive Trade heretofore granted to the faid 1 Company (except Blubber, Train Oil,. Head Matter, or Whale

Fins, Sal Skins, and other Produce of F.ifh or Creatures living in v, the Seas, taken and caught by the Crews of Briti/b and Irifh built or Veflels) a Duty of Cuftoms of Two Pounds upon every K Bandied Pounds Value of all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchan . dkea, ad apon Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, ? ttarilf outwards or inwards at any Port within the United King* dm to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the faiA '--fie and exclufive Trade £0 heretofore granted to the faid Com-1 rftay as ifarrfaid, a Duty of Cuftoms of One Shilling and Six*

*	tore upon every Ton Burthen of every fuch Ship or Veffel: And

*	Whereas it is expedient that Bullion and Foreign Cota of Gold and

*	fiver fhouldbe imported from any Plaoe within the Limits of the

*	fie and exdafive Trade heretofore granted to the faid Company JDuty five y* Be k therefore esxaded by The King’s Moft Exoel-|w Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords fcntoai ami Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament hfcuMcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo rnneh of the fifolAA as impedes or authorizes the raifing, levying or cd-]Hog my Duty of Cuftoms upon Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold Ml Sdver imported from any Forts or Places therein deferibed, (hail kiad the fine is hereby repealed accordingly.

4 II. And Whereas it is alfo expedient that the find Duty of Two 1 Pounds upon every One hundred Pounds Value ihouid not be le-1 aed, upon or m rdpc& of fuck Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as 1 warehoused under the Provifions of any Ad of Parfcament for 4 hpofitmg Goods in Warchoufes and thereafter takes out for Ex* 4 Potation f Be it therefbmenaded, That from and after the puffing “tins Ad, the laid Duty of Two Pounds upon every Hundred ^oods Value of foch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, (hall not

*	ruled, levied, coBcfted or paid for or in iwfps&of any fuch Goods,

or Merchandize departed under the Provifions of the Ads ^hiisnwut for depositing Goods 10 Warehoufev, and which fhaU Rafter be taken out of the Warehouftt for Exportation, and ^exported according to Law, and under fuch Regulations and Mriftens as me explicable to like Goods taken out of Warehoufes ** Exportation; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary

« III. Ahd

55 O• > c#57*

15-

Bullion sad Foreign Coin imported, re* pealed.

Duty of si. on every tool. Value of Goods warehoused for Exportation, not to be levied in future:

Dd 4

*0#

C. 77, 78,

56® GEO. III.

A.D.

Duly of is. 6<L per Ton on Ships imputing only Blubber, Stc. by

55 G.3.C.57. §5®

not to be railed in future.

frith Ads, 38 G. 3. and 40G.3. and

55 G.3. t. lift, repealed.

Exception.

* III. And Whereas by the faid recited Ad, Blabber,

*	Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, Seal Skins, and other Pr»

*	of Fifh or Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught b

*	Crews of BritUh and Jrtjb built Ships or Veffels, is excepted

*	the aforefaid Duty of Two Pounds upon every One hundred Pc 4 Value on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and it is expedient « the Ships or Veffels importing the faid Blubber and other Alt 4 fhould alfobe excepted from the aforefaid Duty of One ShiUtar 4 Sixpence upon the Ton Burthen of fuch Ship or Vefiel ;* A: therefore enaded, That from and after the pamng of this Aft I (aid Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence (hall not be railed, W colleded and paid upon the Ton Burthen* of Ships or Veflek porting only Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter or Whale JFia* I Skins and other Produce of Fifh or Creatures living m the & taken and caught by the Crews of Brttifb and 'frm built Sh or Veffels, and no other Cargo as Merchandize; anything in the £ recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXVin.

An A& for the better regulating and fecuring the Colle&V of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to prevent Frau therein.	[a4th June 18U

4 YT7HEREAS it is expedient to confolidate the Laws as*; 4 W force for regulating and fecuring of the Collediaa 4 A 4 Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds then 4 and to amend the fame Be it therefore enaded by The Kat Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coolest of 3 Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeot Pi liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fin and after the Commencement of this Ad, Two feveral Ads m in the Parliament of Ireland, One made in the Thirty eighth Ye of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled /in AS to feeure tie Cdk turn of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Free therein, and the other made in the Fortieth Year of his bid Mae!y Reign, for amending and continuing the faid Ad of the TWrt eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign; and alfo an Ad made is ft Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelai’i the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AS for the better ns*/ ating and fecuring the Collision of the Duties on Pater made niR land, and to prevent Frauds therein, (hall ceafe ana determine, as (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed; except fo far as the £0 recited Ads, or any of them, repeal or repeals any former Ad 0 Ads; and alfo fave and except fo far as tne (aid recited Ads, 0 any of them, relate or relates to the charging, recovering, levyisg, payipg or accounting for any Duties on Paper made in luted, on any Arrears of fuch Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfdtore relating to the fame, or for making or allowing any Abatement of fuch Duties which (hall or may have been incurred or become due, or to which any Perfon may have become entitled, or as they or any of them relate or relates to any Drawbacks to which any Perfon nay have become entitled on or before the Commencement of this Ad; and that all and every the Regulations and Proviiio&t, Powen and Authorities, contained in the bid recited Ads, or any of tin,

,	{ball

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 78i

409

(hall be and remain infull Force and Effeft for the charging, recovering, levying and paying the faid Duties and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and for making or allowing any fuch Abatement or Drawback as if this Aft had not been made: Pro. vided always, that nothing herein contained Audi extend to repeal or affeft fo much of aa Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, recited and referred to in the (aid Aft of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, as makes perpetual an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Year of his faid Majefty’s Reign relating to paper Hangings printed, painted or ftained in Ireland •• Provided alfo, that fo much of the (hid Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid, relating to Paper Hangings printed, painted or ftained in Ireland, and u> made perpetual by the faid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid, (hall, fave and except as the fame is altered by an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to make further Provifions for colleBing and feeuring the Duties of Excife on Pater printed or flained in Ireland, to for** for Hangings or other lffos% oe and remain in full Force and Effeft to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

II. And be it further enafted, That all Paper (other than fuch Brown Paper as is hereinafter defcribed and mentioned) and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot Preflers Ufe, or Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, (hall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Firft Clafs ; and' all fuch Paper herein defcribed to be of the Firft Clafs (hall be liable to and (hall be chargeable with a Duty of Three pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupoife thereof, chargeable on Paper made m Ireland\ in and by an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to grant to His Majedj certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpcB thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and Drawbacks, and (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be Paper of the Description therein charged with the (aid Duty of Three pence per Pound; and that all Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage only or of Old Ropes or Cordage mixed with refufe Materials only without wa(hing or whitening the fame, or any of them, and without Separating or extrafting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, or from any of them ; and all Button Paper or Button Board (hall be refjpeftively denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Second Clafs, and (hall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of One Penny per Pound, mentioned in the (aid laft recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid, and (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes refpeftively to be Paper of the Defcription therein charged with the faid Duty of One Penny per Pound; and that all Pafteboard, Millboard and Scale-board, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preflers Ufe, (hall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Third Clafs, and fuch Pafteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, and Sheating or Sheathing Paper, (hall be liable to and chargeable with the Dutjc of One Pouna Britijb Currency for every Hundred Weight mentioned in the faid laft recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid; and fuch Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pfeifers (hall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of Five

Shillings

Provifo for 47 0*3* Seff-i. c. 38. § x. making perpetual

4J O'3* C.YO& i x —5. relating to Paper Hangings, lavras altered by 55 O.3. c.106.

Paper of the Firft Clafs:

47 G.3.8tffii*

c. x8.

Sch. (A.) tit. Paper Manufacture.

Of the Second Clafs:

Of the Third Clafa.

1

C.78.

56" GEO. III.

4.1X1

Before Licence granted, Paper Maker to deliver to Officer of

atvc, flee.

-What to be fpedfied in Ac-

Shillings for every Hundred Weight mentioned in the faid} cited Adi of the Forty feventh Year aforelaid; and that all which (hall be made in Ireland Audi be claffod and denial accordingly.

III. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall keep a Mill or Mills containing toy Engine, Vj w w Prefe, Utenfil, or Veflel for making Paper, (hall make out, DiftriK*Account deliver to the Colle&or or other Officer in charge of the ~ of Mill, Appar- of the Diftri£t in which the Mill or Mills of luch P< fituate, an Account in Writing, to be entered and Office of Excife of fuch DiuriH, containing bis or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where fuch Mill or Mills (hall be (ituate, and fpec and every Work Houfe, Drying Houfe, Store Ho belonging or appertaining thereto, and the Situation thereof iveiy, and alfo fpecifying the Number and Skiadoa pf CK&" every Engine^ and of each and every Vat, Wet FidtiUteifl j Veflel refpe&ively kept in any fuch Mill or Mills, and the $£ of Cubic Feet in every fuch Engine, computed in maxmaaam| by this A€t is dire&ed$ and if any Paper Maker (ha& knpi Store or Warehoufe for the daring or keeping of any Paps, I Store or Warehoufe not belonging to hit or her Mill, every! Paper Maker (hall alfo (pecify in fuch Account every fuck, and Warehoufe, and the Place where the fame is ated; and m fuch wntten Account the Perfon making fe (hall diftinguiih every fuch Mill, Work Houle, Warehoufe, * Houle, Store Houle or other Place, and every fuch Enghfc Wet Preis, Utenfil and Veflel, by Separate Numbers xelatiiig ts in Arithmetical Progreffion, beginning with Number One; sail fame vifible Part of every luch Engine, Vat, Wet Preis, IN and Veflel and upon the Door of every fuch Mill, Work H< Warehoufe, Drying Houle, Store Houfe or other Place, dull or cavfe to be painted with Oil Colour in Black upon Ground, or White npon Black Ground, and (hall keep tl painted in a vifible and legible manner, the Number of each Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenfil or Veflel, beginnii with Number One, and of each fuch Mill, WorkHoule, Wank Drying Houfe, Store Houle or other Place refpe&ively, k on mity with fuch Account, begmningin like manner as aforefaidl Number One | and the Collector ofjExcife or other Officer ia ch of the Collc&ion of the Diftri& (hall file or enter and rc&eri Account ia the Office of Excife of the Diflxidy and (hall gm Certificate of fuch Account and Regiflry by giving a Copy 1 figaed by him ; and before any Licence (hall be granted to an/ J fan to keep a Mil or Mills for making Paper, Inch Perfos i make out, fign and deliver luch Account as aforelaid, and fad Cei tificate as aforelaid (hall be produced to the Perfon empovoedts grant foch Licence.

.	__________ IV. And be it further ena&ed. That before any Licenoe ftiUk

enter into Bond, granted to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland, to keep a Mill or Mift for nuking Paper, the Perfon or Perfons requiring fuch Lkeao ihall with Two fuficknt Sureties execute a Bond to Hi* Maiefty h the penal Sum of Three hundred Pounds for each and every tagi* intended to be kept by fooh Perfon-or Perfons copditiooed to ptjr iB

Number panted on Engines, ftc.

Account regif-tered at Excife Office.

Certificate.

Paper Maker to

A.D.161&

66° GEO.IIL

C. 78i

411

fuch Sum and Sums of Money as, by virtue of this A& or any other A& or A&s in force or to he in force in Ireland, fuch Perfon (hall be chargeable with, and alfo to pay and fetisfy all Penalties to which fuch Perfon (ball or may become liable under this Ad or any other Ad or Ads to be in force, relating to the regulating or fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland / and in every fuch Licence (hall be exprefied the Number of Engines intended to be kept by fuch Perfon or Peiions.

V. And be it farther cnaded. That if any Perfon (hall make any Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, or (hall make ufe of any Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenftl or Veflei, or any Mill, Work Houfe, Warehouse, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place, for die making, drying or keeping of any Paper whatever, before fuch Perfon (hall have made out, figned and delivered fuch Account as afbrefaid, or (hall omit to paint or caufe to be painted in manner hereinbefore direded, or to keep painted in a vifible and legible manner upon each fuch Mill, Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenfii and VeflW, Work Houfe, Warehoufe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place refpedivtly, the Number thereof refpedively in conformity with fuch Account, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and that all Paper of every Sort or kind whatever, which (had be found in any Mill, Warehoufe, Work Hoofe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place, of which fuch Account (hall not have been made out, figned end delivered, as is by this Ad required, (hall be forfeited, and may be feiaed by any Oft-cer of Excite kt Ireland $ and that if any Perfon (hall keep any fuch Mitt or Milk as aforefoid and (hall omit to make out, fign and deliver fuch Account as is by this ASt directed, of each* and every Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Uteafil or VdW, or of the Number of Cabic Feet in each and every Engine, or (hall make or deliver any faHe Account of any Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenfii or Veflei, or of the Cubic Feet in any Engine, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with each every Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenfii usd Veflei, whereof no fuch Account or any falfe Account flttH have been made.

VI* And be it farther eaa&ed, That if any Perfon (hall make any Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, or (hall make ufe of any Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenfii or Veflei, or any Mill, Work Houfe, Warehouse, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place for making, drying or keeping of any Paper whatever, without fuch Perfon having fifft had and obtained a Licence according to Law to keep a Mm or Mitts for making Paper, and having the fame in force, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs, Utenfii or Veffel for making Paper, and au Paper of any Sort or kind whatever, and all Materials for making Paper, which (hall be found in any Mill for which a Licence in force (hall not have been duly granted, or in any Work Houfe, Warehoufe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place belonging or appertaining to fnch Mitt, or belonging to any Paper Maker, (nail be forfeited and may be feiaed by any Officer of £*cife.

VII. And be it further enaAed, That if any Paper Maker (hall from time to time intend to alter the Dimenfion of any Engine of Which foch Account at aforefeid (hall have been delivered, or if any

Paper

Licence toer-prefi Number of Engine! kept.

Ufing Engine or Utenfii before delivering Account to Officer,

Penalty,

Negle&ing te mark the Number; or giving in a Mb Account.

Penalty,

Licence to be taken out before making Paper.'

Penalty.

Notice of Intention to alter Dimenfiooaof Engines, or of

C* 78*

56° GEO. lit

AJXlMflU

inareaHog their	Paper Maker (hall intend to keep or make ufe of any Engine or

#umb*r.	Engines, Vat or Vats, Wet Prefs or Wet Preffes, in Addition to or

in the Stead or Place of any Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, or Wet Prefs or Wet Preffes, or any Utenfil or Veffel, or any Work Houfe, Warehoufe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place of which fuch Account as aforefaid (hall have been delivered, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Paper Maker fo to do upon giving Notice ia Writing to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and alfo to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of. fuch Paper Maker, and upon an Account being made out, iigned and delivered, in manner aforefaid and regiftered as aforefaid, and fpecifying the Number of Cubic Feet contained in any fuch Engine, and alio afl fuch other Particulars as are required as aforefaid. Six Days at the lead before fuch Paper Maker (nail make ufe of any fuch Engine, Vat or Wet Prefs, Uteniil or Veffel, or Work Houfe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place; and fuch Paper Maker (hall in fuch Notice and Account refpeftively hereby required to be given of fuch altered or other Engine, Vat or Wet Prefs, Utenfil or Veffel, or Work Houfe, Warehoufe, Drying Houfe or other Place, exprefs that the fame is or are, as the cafe may be, an altered Engine, and alfo the Number thereof, or an additional Engine, Vat or Wet Prefs, Utenfil, or Veffel, or Work Houfe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe, or f Sis. other Place, f is or are intended to be kept or ufed in the Place and Stead of a former Engine, Vat or Wet Prefs, Utenfil or Veffel, or Work Houfe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place; and fuch additional or other Engine, Vat or Wet Prefs, Uteniil or Veffel, or Work Houfe, Drying Houfe, Store Houfe or other Place, fhall be numbered in manner before direfted.

Notice before VIII. And be it further enafted, That every Paper Maker (hall, before commencing to work any Engine at any time after the Commencement of this Aft, or at any tune within any Year for which fuch Paper Maker (hall be licenfed to keep any Mill for the making of Paper, and fo in like manner before recommencing to work anv Engine after any Difcontinuance in fuch Year as hereinafter provided,

f've Six Days’ Notice in Writing to the Commiffioners of Inland xdfe and Taxes in Ireland* and to the Colleftor or other Officer in charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrift, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of any fuch Paper Maker, diftingui(hing each fuch Engine by the Number and Content thereof, as the fame is described in the Account by this Aft required to be made out by fuch Paper Maker, and fetting forth the Day and Hour when fuch Paper Maker intends to commence or recommence fo to work any Engine; and any fuch Paper Maker who fhall make any Paper, or fhau have any Stuff or Material in Procefs for making the fame into Paper, without having given fuch refpeftive Notices in manner by this Aft direfted, fhall, for dvery fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and no other Day fhall be mentioned in any fuch Notice of Commencement or Recommencement to work any Engine other than the Sixth Day of fome Month ia the Year; and the Officer fhall attend at the Day and time which fhall be fpecified in any fuch Notice of Recommencement, and fhall open the Lock and Faftenings of fuch Engine.

Engine exceed* IX. And be it further enafted, That if the Content of any Engine mg Three Cubic of which an Account, Return or Notice (hall have been fo given. Feet beyond	"foall

to work Engine, to Commif-fionenand to Cofle&or,fcc.of Diftrift.

Penalty.

The Period to be die Sixth of the Month.

A/D. 1816.

56* GEO. Ill

C. 78.

418

(hall exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet which 9utnt*ty (hall have been mentioned in fuch Return, Account or Notice, as ^oned in Return, being the Content of fuch Engine, the Paper Maker in whofe Mill burge on in-fuch Engine (hall be found of fuch greater Content, (hall for every chafed Concert fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and a new and coitcct of fuch Eogins. Return (hall be forthwith given by fuch Paper Maker; and it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excite whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month in which it (lull have been or (hall be difcovered that fuch Engine of fuch greater Content fcs aforefaid was worked or ufed, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt in which fuch Mill (hall be (ituate, of all fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fuch Paper Maker would be chargeable with in refpeCt of fuch increafed Content of fuch Engine, for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the previous Notice of the commencing or recommencing the working of fuch Engine to fuch Fifth'Day of the Month on which it (hall have been difcovered that fuch Engifae was fo worked or ufed, and fuch Return (hall be a Charge on every fuch Paper Maker, who (hall pay the Duty appearing by fuch Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days next after fuch Return (hall have been made, or in Default of fuch Payment, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double Penalty, the Duty fo returned and charged.

- X. And be it ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer may ea~ Officer or Officers of Excife at any time in the Day time to enter ter Mi,la >nd into any Mill of any Paper Maker, and to meafure and take an Account of each and every Engine, Vat and Wet Prefs in fuch °5 ***

Mill; and if any Paper Maker, or his or her Servant, (hall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excife at fuch Mill or at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Paper Maker admit fuch Officer and Officers into fuch Mill, or (hall not permit fnch Officer and.Officers to view, meafure and take an Account of all and every fuch Engines,

Vats and Wet Preffes'as aforefaid; or if any Paper Maker (hall not ObUru^oa. on the Demand of any Officer of Excife clear or caufe to be cleared all Stuff and Materials out of each and every Engine which fuch Officer may require fo to be cleared in order to enable him to meafure the fame, every fuch Paper Maker (hall for every fuch Negleft or Refufal by him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalty. Pounds	*

XI.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Account of

Officer or Officers of Excife from time to time and at all times by	®*y

Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Prefence of a officer at iall Conftable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into jXt and every *

the Mills, Work Houfes, Warehoufes, Drying Houfes, Store Houfes, Rooms or other Places of any Paper Maker, and by Weighing, Tale or otherwife, as to fuch Officer or Officers (hall feem meet, to take an Account of the kinds and Quantities of the Paper,

Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which (haD be found therein, and to make Returns purfuant to this A A.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Com- P*p« Maker mcncement of this A&, every Paper Maker in Ireland (hall for and for eac^,EDgj^®‘ in refped of each and every Engine kept or ufed by fuch Paper, ^r'the Rate of Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort or kind whatfoever, or Xoi.for every

which

C.7*, 75.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Securities, Ac. to reft in Depot? Remembrancer for time being without say Affignmcm.

Where no Deputy Principal to have fame Powers.

Indeed oi the

Duties repealed, for every Left of Rape or Cole Seed imported,

Hew Duty.

Duties under Management of CommKfioners of Cufloroi.

the fame, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Perfon or Per. fons entitled to and interfiled in the fame refpeftively, or for appointing any Perfon or Perfons to be Truftee or Truftees for all or any of fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall think juft and reafonable.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That upon the Death or Removal of any fucb Deputy Remembrancer all Stocks and Securities veiled in him by virtue of this Aft (hall veft in the fucceeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned without any Afiignment or ^Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank o€ England in purfuance of this Aft, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not veiled in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforefaid, (hall be paid over to the fucceeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

X.	And be it further enafted and declared, That if in any cafe The King’s Remembrancer (hall execute the faid Office in Perfon, then and in fuch cafe the feveral Trails, Powers and Authorities by this Aft veiled in the faid Deputy Remembrancer* and his Suc-cefiors, (hall, during fuch time as no Deputy Remembrancer (hall be appointed, be veiled in and be executed by the laid King’s Remembrancer for the time being.

CAP. LXXV.

An Aft to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed, and

to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. [24th June 1816.]

•	'll 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms now

•	W payable upon the Importation into the United Kingdom

•	of Rape Seed and Cole Seed ihould be repealed, and that other ‘ Duties fhould be impofed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firft Day of July One thouland eight hundred and fixteen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed (hail ceafe and determine, fare ana except in all cafes relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the faid Firft Day of July One thou-fand eight hundred and fixteen; and that from and after the faid Day, in lieu and inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be railed, levied, collefted and paid, unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, for every Lad of Rape Seed or Cole Seed imported into the United Kingdom the Sum of Ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enafted, That fuch of the faid Duties as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife' in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ihati be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties ip Ireland for the time being.

IIL And

A J). 1816.

56* GEO. IIL

C7«>76.

405

IIL And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties Audi he ma- Dutiat how oaged, afcertained, raifed, levied, colleded, paid and recovered in fuch ^v,#d* and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afcertained, railed, levied, colleded, paid and recovered, and under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain or Ireland; and all Pams, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes,

Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall be in full force and effed as to the faid Duties, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Puipofes, as if they were at large repeated and reenaded in this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies from time to Application of time ariiing from the laid Duties in Great Britain, the neceflary Duties. Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpedively excepted,

(hall horn time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wefiminfter, under the Head of Consolidated Cuftoms, and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain ; and that all the Monies ariling from the faid Duties in Ireland\ the neceflary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame being deduded, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad may be altered, Ad may to amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in the prefent altered, fcc. Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Ad for repealing the Several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

[24th June 1816.]

4 \X7HEREAS it is expedient that the feveral Bounties refped-4 VV ively allowed on the Exportation, from any Part of the 4 United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within the United 4 Kingdom (hall be discontinued, and that other Bounties (hould be 4 granted and allowed in lieu thereof $’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice ana Confient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

S'* nt Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

from and after the Fifth Pay of July One thouund eight hun- Bounties now dred and fixteen, the feveral Bounties on the Exportation, from any payable on Ex-Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar in any way refined within po^tkmofRe-the United Kingdom, allowed under or in purfuance of any Ad or *£4 Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Fifth Day Jefcribed In of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall ceafe, deter- Table annexed mine and be no longer paid ; and that inftead and in lieu thereof to to paid, there (hall be paid and allowed the Several Bounties on fueh Refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom as the fame are refpedively deferibed and Set forth in the Table to this Ad annexed.

D d 8	U. And

C.78.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Engine* to be fattened and locked at the time fpecified for Difcontinu* tucc.

Pemky.

Obftrudting

Officer.

Engines after-wards found not fattened, f Sic.

Penalty.

Rollers, dec. of Engines on dif-continuing working to be removed, and Cent to Excife Office, ^required.

except only the Fifth Day of the Month; and that the Hour of the Day to be fpecified in fuch Notice (hall be fome Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on fuch Day $ and at the Day and Hour fpecified in fuch Notice the Officer in charge ofTuch Paper Mill (hall attend and fee that fuch Engine is no longer at work; and the Officer in charge of the Paper Mill (hall not charge the Paper Maker with any Duty, in refjpetl of fuch Engine fo difeontinued as afore-faid, for any Month in which the working of fuch Engine (hall be difeontinued in manner aforelaid, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That at the time fpecified in any fuch Notice of Difcontinuance it (hall and maf be lawful for any Officer of Excife, and he is hereby required to fallen and lock each and every Engine, the working of which (hall be intended to be difeontinued, in fuch manner as the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, (hall have dire&ed and appointed, or fhall dire& and appoint; and for that Purpofe it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and iffue fuch Orders and Dire&ions as they (hall think expedient to the fevera] Paper Makers and Officers for the fattening or locking of any Engine, and all and every fuch Orders and Dire&ions (hall be complied with and obeyed by every fuch Paper Maker and Officer ; and if any Paper Maker (hall re-fufe or negled to comply with or obey any fuch Orders or Directions which (hall have been or (hall be made and ilTued, every fuch Paper Maker (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Officer (hall be prevented by any Perfon at fuch Mill from fattening and locking any Engine, the working of which (hall be fo intended to be difeontinued, or in cafe of fuch Mul being locked, and no Perfon appearing to give Entrance to fuch Officer, or if any fuch Engine (hall in any Event not be fattened or locked in manner aforelaid by Default of fuch Paper Maker, or if at anv time fubfequent to the time any fuch Engine (hall have been faltened or locked, any fuch Engine (nail be found not f be fattened and locked purfuant to the Dire&ions qf this Ad, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brattles (hall be found in any fuch Engine, unlefs due Notice (hall have been given, purfuant to the Dire&ions of this A&, of the Intention of recommencing to work fuch Engine, every fuch Paper Maker (hall, in each and every the refpe&ive cafe and cafes aforefaid, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where any Paper Maker (hall difeontinue the working of any Engine, fuch Paper Maker (hall, before the time fpecified in any Notice for dif-

. continuing the working of the fame, difplace and remove or caufe to be displaced and removed clear out of each and every fuch Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brattes belouging to fuch Engine, and (hall, if thereto required by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, by an Order iffued by them, fend or convey each and every Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brattes, within fuch time as (hall be limited and appointed by fuch Order, other than and except fuch as (hall be then in ufe with any Engine of fuch Paper Maker which (hall be then chargeable as working, to the Ex*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C;78.

417

cife Office of the Diftrid in which the Mill of fuch Paper Maker (hall be (ituate, there to be kept until the fame (hall be returned to the Proprietor thereof, on his or her giving Notice purfuant to this Ad of his or her Intention to work fuch Engine ; and if any Paper Maker (hall not, before the time which (haul be fo fpecified in any fuch Notice, difplace and remove, or caufe to be displaced and removed in manner aforefaid, every fuch Roller, Plate, Lighter and Braffes, or (hall not fend or convey all and every Roller, Plate, Lighter or Braffes, except as aforefaid, to the Excife Office as aforefaid, within the time which (hall be limited and appointed by fuch Order aforefaid, every fuch Paper Maker (hall for fuch Default or Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enaded, That if at any time fubfequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in any fuch Notice of Difcontinu-ance, the Engine, of the difcontinuing of the working of which fuch Notice (hall have been given, (hall be worked or ufed in any manner whatfoever in the Procefs of making of Paper (unlefs under a Notice of Recommencement of working in manner in this Ad mentioned), the Paper Maker in whofe Mill the fame (hall be worked or ufed (hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall alfo be charged and chargeable with all fuch Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to have been charged with under this Ad in cafe no fuch Notice of Difcontinuance had been given in manner aforefaid ; and it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month in which it (hall have been or (hall be difcovered that fuch Engine was worked or ufed contrary thereto, to make a Return to the Colledor or other Officer in charge of the Colledion of the Diftrid in which fuch Mill (hall be (ituated, of all fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fuch Paper Maker would* be chargeable with for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the Notice of the difcontinuing the working of fuch Engine to fuch Fifth Day of the Month in which it (hall have been difcovered that fuch Engine was fo worked or ufed, and fuch Return (hall be a Charge on every fuch Paper Maker who (hall pay the Duty appearing by fuch Return to be due and payable within Fourteen Days next after fuch Return (hall have been made, or in Default of fuch Payment (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty fo returned and charged.

Paper Maker not removing Roller, See.

Penalty.

Working Engine after time mentioned in Notice of Dif-cootinuance.

Penalty.

Return of Duty chargeable on Paper Maker for Period from time of Notice.

Penalty.

XX. And be it further enaded, That every Paper Maker (hall Fafteninga and from time to time provide fuch Fattening* or Locks and Keys to Lock* to be pro-each and every Engine in his or her Mill, and (hall keep the fame jj£^yPaper in good and fufficient Order, in fuch manner as (hall be approved M“*r“ of by the Surveyor of Excife in .charge of fuch Mill, or (nail par for luch Fattening, Locks and Keys, as (hall be provided by (uch Surveyor; and if any fuch Paper Maker (hall negled to provide, Negledb repair or pay for fuch Fattening, Locks and Keys within fuch time as (hall be required by fuch Surveyor, every fuch Papet Maker (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Offence.	Penalty.

XXL And be it enaded. That all Paper, Patteboard, Millboard, Dire&ians far Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button making up Paper Paper or Button Board whatfoever, made in Ireland* (hall be made up	.

by the Maker or Makers thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, all fuch Paper when made (hall be immediately made paftebaardt,ftc; 56 Gso. III.	E	c	up	into Parcels.



C7».

Se^GEO.IIfc

A.D.

Penalty.

Notice when Paper it to be weighed.

Paper, See. to be produced, and tied up in manner herein directed.

Diife&iont ‘ not complied with, &c.

tip into Quirts or Half Quires, edch fuch Quirt to ctwSft of 1 four Sheets, and each Half Quire to confift of Twelve Sheet fuch Quires or Half Quires (hall immediately afterward* be 0 into Reams, each fuch Ream to confift of Twenty fuch Qn of Forty fuch Half Quires; and aU fuch Paper, Paftebotrd, board, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing ] Button Paper or Button Board refpe&ively, (hall be imad made up into Parcels, and fuch Parcel containing even Do0 Sheets, not left than Twenty four nor more than Seventy tnt each Parcel; and all Qnires and Reams of Papet, and aU FW Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Ska| Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, (hall whha meaning of tins A£t be deemed to confift of fuch Quantrbe fpe&rvely, abd of no other ; and if any fuch Maker ef Paper neglect fo to make up, or (hall at any time make op any Pi Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shntingor Six mg Paper, Button Paper or Button Board made fa /rtfod, cootj to the Dire&ions aforefaid, fuch Maker (ball for each ad mj i Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and alio all tkh Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheath) Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpedively, 1 up contrary to the Directions of this ACL

XXII.	And be it ena&ed. That every Paper Maker Ml or Mills (hall be fituate in any City or Market Town, or vftsC Mile thereof refpeftively, (haft give or caufe to be giioM four Hours’ previous Notice in Writing, and every Piper HI whofe Mill or Mills (hall be fituate in any other Part of InUI give or caufe to be given Forty eight Hours’ Notice to theOfid charge of fuch Mill or Mills rtfpedively of the particular Iky Hour when any Paper of any Sort, Clafs or Kind whatever to be weighed, and the Officer (hall attend accordingly; udi and fo foon as fuch Officer or Officers (hall fo attend, fuch P Maker, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, (hall produce bring to fbch Officer or Officers all the Paper, Pafteboard, MiBbd| Scaleboard or Glazed Board, Sheating or Sheathing Piper, Btl Paper and Button Board refpe£tively, for or in refped whoesfl Duty is then intended to be charged, which Paper, PafteboriJ board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper* Sheating or Sheathing M Button Paper and Button Board mall be brought inclofedorw in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, all futh Piper d Firft Clafs and all fuch Paper of the Second Chris dull be incU and tied up with a String in feveral Covers or Wrappers, cart .One Ream of Paper each, and not more or lefs; and all Pafte Millboard, Scaleboard and Gkzed Paper, Sheating or She Paper, Button Paper and Button Board refpe&vdv, flail b up with a String in fach Parcels as aforefaid^ and mat thedri Parts of fuch String (hall pafs over and acrofs the Ends od of fuch Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pafteboard, Millboard,! board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Piper, Batten or Button Board refpediveiy ; and in cafe any Paper Maker fa at the time mentioned in fuch Notice produde to (bcbOflu Officers all the Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Sealebstrfl or G Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button ‘Paper and B( -Board for or in refped whereof any Duty k then to be da

419



66° GEO. III.

C,7$.

v&bjK, Pribboard, IMiUboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, for Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board re-tf, bang tied up, and the proper Cla(s and other the matters preferibed, marked, written or printed on the Cover or r of each fuch Ream of Paper, and on each fuch Parcel of 1, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Shearing or _ Paper, Button Paper and Button Board refpe&ively, ac-j to the Directions of this A&, then every fuch Notice (hall Tthe fame is hereby declared to be null and void; and every llhper Maker (hall be obliged to give a frelh and like Notice an Inch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed nr, Sbeatpg or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, tube takes an Account of and charged with Duty; and before he fc Jbafl remove, carry or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, rnd or feat away any inch Paper, Paftebpard, Millboard, Scale* an!or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper i Bat too Board, from the Mill where the fame (hall be made. XX11L And be it further enaded, That on every Cover or nppeT of any Ream of Paper of the Firft Clafs, or of Paper of e Second Oafs, before any fuch Paper (hall be brought or produced > ay Officer of Excite to be weighed, there (hall be marked, men or printed by the Maker thereof, or by his or her Servant brge and legible .Charaders, and V1 Wqrds at length, the Name d Jtumaiqe of fuch Paper Maker, or inftead of Uiqh Name and usane there (hall he marked fuch Mark or Device as (hall be from KtQ appointed or approved of by the Commiflioqers of In-id Exob and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of them, for dif-Vfsitetng fuch Paper to be the Manufacture of fuch Maker thereof, ■nth* Word* “ £jrft Glafr,’’ or M Second Clafs,199 dHtinguifhing the o/ihperincWed in fuch Cpver qr Wrapper, and according to keb the jputy in refped of the fame is chargeable; apd upon *y fuch Co^er or Wrapper (hall alfo be written the Day of the hub and Year denoting the Month and Year in which fuch Paper rihavefceco made into Reams; and after fuqh Date there (hall e written ia Figures the true Number of fuch Ream of Paper ac-*4ng to the Numbers of fuch Reams qf each .fuch Clafs, fuch inter tpbe in Arithmetical Progrqfhon, beginning with Number according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Clafs irged with Duty .at each MiU, in fuqh Month; and that on each Pa&eboaed^Millboard. Seaboard or Ql^zed Paper, Sbcat-{ «r Sheathing Paper, Button Paper qr Button Bpard, there (hall Hke manner, before the £ajqe (hall bn produced or brought to the for to be weighed, be marked, written or printed in large and pUe Chambers, and in ^Tprds at.length, the Name and Surname the Maker thereof, or inftead of fuch Name and Surname, there ^be	Ifieh	Mark	or	Device	as	(hall	be from time to time

jested or appeared qf by the fsid Commiflionprs of Inland Ex-4 ted Taxes, or apy Thri of them, for diftinguilhing fuch Pafle-^ Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheath-ng Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, to be the Manufacture qf k Maker thereof, aad the Description of fwch Parcel, and whether Parcel is Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard pr Glazed Paper, bating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and *M«iufar of .Shqtta.ga ,eaqh fuch Parcel, with the Date of the £ e 2	Month

Notice void.

How Wrapper of Ream of Paper to be marked and numbered before it is weighed*

Words f< Flift

Clals," ac.

Parcels of PalU-board, &c. to be alfo marked and numbered.

*20

C.78.

56* GEO. I1L

AJ

Kcglea.

Pen*lty.

Officer may open Reams and take

Samples.

Paper found to be of a different Claft.

Forfeiture.

Penalty.

Paper Maker to provide Scales and Weights.

Neglea.

Penalty.

Falfe Scales and Weights; or ob* finding Offices;

Month and Year in which fuch Pafteboard, Millboard, Sc or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button I Button Board (hall have been made into Parcels; and af Date there (hall be written in Figures the true Number of ft cel of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, { or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, accordia Numbers of fuch Parcels of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scalebct Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button ftj Button Board refpe&ively, fuch Number to be in Arithmeba greffion, beginning with Number One according to the Nfl Parcels of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button charged with Duty at each Mill in fuch Month; and if any of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Piper, ing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, Mo to mark and number the faid Reams or Parcels is manner 1 direfted, or to caufe*the fame to be marked and numbered as a faid, every fuch Paper Maker (hall for every fuch Offence Wei Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall sod maybe

ful for any Officer or Officers of Excife at all times to unb open any Ream or Parcel of Paper having any Clafs of Pxpe< minated, marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Wnfp Cover inclofinjjr the fame, ana to take thereout by way of & One or more Sheet or Sheets of Paper, not exceeding One 9* of each Quire, paying for fuch Sheet or Sheets of Paper M fif demanded) tne Market Price thereof; and if any fuch 0| fhall difeover in any Ream or Parcel of fuch Paper any Pape Papers of a different Clafs than that which (half be dcDorna marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Cover or Wrap? which fuch Paper (hall be inclofed, then and in fuch cafe every Ream and Parcel refpedively (hall be forfeited, and (hall and ca feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Paper Mak whofe Poffeffion the fame (hall be found (hall for every fuch Oil forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	*	J

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Paper Mil and he or (he is hereby required, at his or her own Expend vide and keep fufficient and juft Scales and Weights, fubfi fixed or ere&ed at his or her Mill or Place where be or make or produce to be charged any Paper, Pafteboard, M Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Paper and Button Board, or (hall keep the fame, or any of and alfo to permit and fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife the fame for the Purpofe of afeertaining the refpe&ive Wd fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed. Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Bard, if any Paper Maker (nail negleft to keep fuch Scales and We or either of them, fo fixed or ere&ed at fuch Place or Races faid, or (hall not permit or fuffer any Officer of Excife to a fame for the Purpofe aforefaid, he or (he (hall for each and fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds j and Par >er Maker (hall provide or make ufe of, or caufe or pnxffi fuffer to be provided or made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft, or infui Scales or Weights, or (hall praftife or caufe or procure to be



56° GEO. IIL

C. 78<

421

i*fArU Device or Contrivance, by which any fuch Officer oay be hindered or prevented from or deceived in taking I true Weight of any Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scale*

Ghzed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper,, pn Board, then and in every fuch cafe fuch. Paper Maker mall aad every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty, together with all fuch falfe, unjuft or inefficient Scales and mpe&vely, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any v Officers of Excife-

And be it further enafted. That the Officer or Officers Allowance of (hall in the weighing and reweighing of all Paper, Pafte- ***>. on eveiy JfiDboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheath- th^Turn ST”* 9^ Button Paper and Button Board, for the Purpofe of the Scale. j the Duty of Excife thereon, give the Turn of the Scale in of the Crown, and in lieu thereof, (hall allow the Paper rTwo Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, upon each and every One * Pounds Weight on the Amount of the Weight of fuch Paper,

\ Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or v Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, refpe&ively, fo i or reweighed, and fo in Proportion for any greater or leffer

rll. Provided nevertheleft, and be H ena&ed, That no No Weight left Maker {hall, in the weighing or re-weighing of any Paper, xU>*10 ** Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or u&d*

Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for the Purpofe kg the Duty of Excife thereon, make ufe of, or caufe,

Tnffer to be ufed, any Weight lefs than a Pound Weight, of forfeiting the laid Allowance, any thing herein before Forfeit of AU 1 to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	lowaoce.

TL And be it ena&ed, That every Paper Maker (hall, fo Paper Maker to i he or (he (hall be thereunto required hy any Officer or Officer in of Exdfe, bring or caufe to be brought and put into and wei8hin* at of the Scale all Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard'

| Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or i Board refpe&ively, which fuch Officer or Officers (hall be s to weigh or to reweigh; and (hall alfo, at the Requeft. of i Officer or Officers, by himfelf or herfelf refpeftively, aad with.

“dent Number of his or her Servants, aid and affift, to the : of his, her or their Power, fuch Officer or Officers in weigh-* kind in reweighing all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scale-and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button or Button Board refpe&ively, in fuch manner as fuch Officer link mod convenient, on pain of fuch Paper Maker forfeiting Penalty. tv Negledfc or Refufal thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds-

I.	And be it further enaded, That no Paper, Pafteboard, Paper, &c. not to _ J, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing be removed for r. Button Paper or Button Board, (hall be removed or conveyed	Hour?

the Mill or other Place, where the fame (hall have been fo	’

bed, by any Officer of Excife, for the Purpofe of charging the feparate; y, before the Expiration of Twenty four Hours next after the - fell have been fo weighed ; and every Paper Maker (hall from • to time keep all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Board refpe&ively, which (hall have been fo weighed, fepa-E e 3	rate

42 2

C.18.

56° G®0. III.

£.D.i8i«.

if on re weighing, it be found to weigh more, Duty to be paid accordingly.

Penalty.

Officer to ft amp Wrapper, or affix a Label to denote the Duty, and mark other Particular! theteon.

Officer to write his Name on WTapper,

rate and apart from all other Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Beak-board and Glated Paper* Sheating or Sheathing Paper, But toft Paper and Button Board, for the Space of Twenty four flours from the time when the fame fhall have been fo weighed, to the end that an Infpeftor, Surveyor or other proper Officer of Excife may have an Opportunity to reweigh the fame; and if upon the reweighing of any fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, any additional Weight (half be found, fuch Paper, Pafte* board, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, (hall be liable to and chargeable with the reipeftive Rates dnd Duties of Excife, by Law impofed, according to fuch laft mentioned Weight; and if ahy fuch Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, ffudl be removed contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or if any Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpieft-ively, which fhall have been weighed, fhall not be kept feparate and apart from all other Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board refpeftively, in manner hereinbefore direfted, the Paper Maker fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That when and fo foon as the Officer of Excife attending to charge fuch Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, fhall be fatisfied that the federal ’ Conditions by this Aft fpecified have been fully complied With according to the Diteftidns of this Aft, and fhall have aHo after-tamed the trtte Qualities, Qualities and Weights of all filch Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board tefpeftrvriy, fuch Officer fhall forthwith flamp or mark each and every Wrapper or Cover incloftng Paper of the Firft Clafs, and every Wrapper or Cover inclofmg Paper of the Second Clafs, and every fuch Parcel of Pafte-board. Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, with the proper Stamp or Device, to denote the Duty of Excife impofed fbr or m refpeA of fuch Paper, Pafleboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board fe-fpeftiveTy* duly charged; or fhall affix to each and every fuch Ream of Paper, or to any Inch Parcel of Pafleboahl, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper aftd Button Board, a proper Label to denote the like Duty being fo charged; and fuch Officer fhall Forthwith alfo write his Name and Surname on each and every fttch Wrapper or Oovbr, and on each and every fuch Parcel of PaftebOard, Millboard, Scafebo&rd and Gkzed Paper, Sheating Or Sheathing Paper, Bhtton Paper and Button Board refpeftively, together with the Date of the Day, Month and Year on which the Duty was changed fbr Or in tefpeft thereof refpeftively; and if any Perfbn or Perfons fhall WilnlHy deface, obliterate or alter any of the refpeftive matters or things hereinbefore pTefcribed to be denominated, marked, written or printed

on

A-D-1816.

56* gecx in*

C. 78*

*2g

ob the Wrapper or Cover of any Paper, or upon aoyParcel of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sbeating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, or any Part thereof, after the refpe&ive Stamps, Marks or Labels (hall have been put thereon by any Officer of Excife, or fhall wilfully deface or obliterate any Impreffion of any fuch Stamp or Mark, or (hall wilfully deface* obliterate or alter the Name or Surname of any fuch Officer, or any Part of fuch Name or Surname, or any fuch Date or any Part thereof, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it ena&ed, That all Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which (hall have been charged and damped, marked and labelled as aforefaid, by any Officer of Excife, (hall at all times be kept feparate and apart from all Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, which (hall not have been charged and ftamped, marked or labelled by any Officer of Excife ; and ml Paper which fhall have been fo marked, lumped or labelled, of One Clafs, fhall alfo be kept feparate and apart from all other luch Paper fo marked, ftamped or labelled, of any other Clafs, on Pain that the Paper Maker fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Paper fhall be removed from any Mill in any lefs Quantity than a Ream, nor any Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, in any lefs Quantity than the entire Parcel on which the Duty was charged, upon Pain of the Paper Maker forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Offence; and all Paper which fhall be removing or removed from any Mill in any lefs Quantity than a Ream, and ul Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, which fhall be removing or ct* moved in any lefs Quantity than fuch entire Parcel, fhall be for# feited, and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XXXIII.	And be it further eaa&ed, That if any Ream of Fqaer fhall be found removing or removed without having thereon the Cover or Wrapper in which fuch Paper was charged with Duty, or if any Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pafteboard, Millhoard, Scale* board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, (hall be found removing or removed without the Impreffion of the proper Stamp or Label, or without dm Officer’s Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year when the Duty in refpeft thereof was charged, or without having the feveral matters hereinbefore in that behalf prescribed, marked, written, printed or fixed on fuch Cover or Wrapper, containing fuch Ream of Paper, on fuch Parcel of Pafteboard* Millboard* Scale-board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, every fuch Ream of Paper, and every fuch Parcel of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glased Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, together with the Package or Packages containing the fame reflectively, which f^all be fo foupd remaining or removed contrary hereto, fhall be forfeited, together with the Morfee or other Cattle, Qar-

E e 4	.	riages.

PemUjh

Paper, Sec. fa marked to be kept feparate from the reft, and in their different Cladcs.

Penalty.

Paper not to be removed in a left Quantity than a Ream; nor Pafteboard left than a Parcel;

Forfeiture.

Paper or Pafteboard removing without the pro* jer Stamp and

Forfeiture | Sebum.1

424

Piper Makers removing from Mill fuch Paper, &c. until Officer has taken the Account, and weighed and ftamped the lamey&c.

Penalty.

Paper may be removed to another Mill to be fixed,&c. on giving Notice.

Subjed to Pe* Dairies as if not removed.

Specimen Papers to be furuiftied on which Officer fiiall enter his Vifittat the Mill, Notices of weighing,&c; Paper Maker to hang up the lame in a con-fpacuous Part of the MilL

It,,lr,

penuty

C.7 B.	56° GEO. III.	A.D.ISJ

riages, Boats, Bams, or other Veffels, ufed in removing or car the fame, and {hall and may be feized by any Officer or Offiot Excife.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Piper M {hall remove, carry or fend away, or permit or fuffer to be reno carried or fent away, any Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Soldi or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Pap, Button Board, from the Mill in which the fame {hall be 4 until the proper Officer fhall have taken an Account thereof^ fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed h Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Bum have been duly weighed and charged, and ftamped, marked or bm as by this Ad is direded, or without having the Officer1! Nisei Surname, together with the Day, Month and Year, when the D in refped thereof was charged being written or printed thereon p fuant to this Ad, every fuch Paper Maker {hall for enrjfucb Offci forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing in tl Ad contained fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to atcod hinder or prevent any Paper Maker from fending fuch Paper food Mill where the fame fhall be made, upon Forty eight Hours’Nod in Writing being previoufty given to the proper Officer of Excfc charge of fuch Mill, to any other Mill to be iized or finiihed ftj Ufe, in order that fuch Officer may attend and take an ham thereof, and provided that fuch Paper be removed with a props(k tificate from fuch Officer expreffing the Clafs and Quantity dU Paper; and that when fuch Paper fhall have been fo remowdtoi Mill or Place where the fame is to be iized or made fit for life, h fame fhall be at fuch Mill or Place under the like Dire&ioas,at {lamping, marking or labelling, and all matters and things, niffs Paper had been finifhed and iized at the Mill where made, and fa Maker (hall for the Breach of any of the Directions afortfaid, I fubjed to the like Penalty as he or fhe would have been fubjed to the faid Paper had not been removed.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That Papers called Spedne Papers fhall be furnifhed to every Paper Maker by any Office« Excife, in order that every Officer of Excife vifiting the Mill offad Paper Maker may enter on fuch Specimen Paper his Vifit and Vft at luch Mill, and of all Notices given of the weighing of any ftp and of the Quality and different Gaffes, Denomination and kinds Paper weighed, ftamped, marked or labelled, by the Officer, anis all fuch other matters and things as the Officer or Officers fhall tW fit, or be direded to make Entries of; and every Paper Milffti* fhall from time to time be furnifhed with any fuch Specimen P*H fhall caufe the fame to be fixed on a Board conveniently made fortm Purpofe, and fhall caufe fuch Specimen Paper fo fixed tobeconMr hang, jpafted or put up in fome public and confpicuous Pk* # fuch Mill, and fhall preferve and keep fuch Specimen Papcrfoboog: up, pafted or put up, in fuch manner that any Officer of Eiafej vifiting fuch Mill may view fuch Specimen Paper, and make Entries thereon; and if any fuch Paper Maker fhall not hang up, poll, p* up or preferve fuch Specimen Paper in manner therein direded (uc-avoidable Accident excepted, the Proof whereof fhall Ik on foci Paper Maker), he or ihe fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sua of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. Afld

D.161&

566 GEO. lit

C.78.

425

RUfcRVIi. And be it further enaded* That in cafe any Officer of ~ litany time negled or omit to make a Return purfuant

,_nfioos of thii Ad againft any Paper Maker* or (hall at

tktre committed any Error in any Return at aforefaid, by f or charging in fuch Return a greater or lefs Quantity of r a greater or lefs Amount of Duty than ought to hare been lor charged by him againft any fuch Paper Maker according sdioos of this Ad* it (hall and may be lawful to and for r, or for any other Officer of Excife* and fuch Officer is r scfpedirely required to make a Return in cafe no Return ■eve been made* or to redify fuch erroneous Return as may vttn made* as fpeedily as may be convenient* and to report the ip to the Commiffioners of Excife; and in cafe of a Return mad** Moe of an Omiffion in the Officer in charge of the Paper Manu-flkvyof fuch Paper Maker to make a Return purfuant to the Prolans of this Aft* or if it (hall appear that the Amount of Duty mged in any erroneous Return as aforefaid againft any Paper Uer was mater than the fame ought to have been, it wall and lamral for the faid Commiffioners of Excife* and they are jpby itqnued to make an Allowance forthwith to fuch Paper ffer of the Amount of Duty fo overcharged; and if it (hall Martha the Amount of Duty charged in any Return againft any Maker was lefs than the fame ought to have been* or in cafe

i Return made as aforefaid by reafon of the Omiffion of the Officer Oake a Return purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad* it (hall and tjbe lawful for the (aid Commiffioners of Excife* and they are ffeby reqaired to give notice to fuch Paper Maker of the Amount I the Duty contained in fuch Return fo made as aforefaid* by reafon # the Onffion of a Return in pnrfuance of the Provifions of this or of the Deficiency of the Duty in confequence of fuch is Return; and if fuch Paper Maker (hall not within One r month after fuch Notice fhew fufficient Caufe to fuch Com-i of Excife why he fhotyld not be charged with and pay the tamed in fuch Return or fuch Deficiency* it (hall be lawful the bid Commiffioners of Excife to order a Return to be made ► the Cdfledor of the Diftrid within which the Mill of fuch Paper Ifter k fknate* of the Amount of fuch Duty or Deficiency* and rDuty fpedfied in fuch Return (hall be a Surcharge on fuch per Maker; and if fuch Paper Maker (hall not upon Demand* or ‘' i Ten Days next after pay the full Amount of fuch Duty fo irged, fuch Paper Maker (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds* I a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which (hall be I returned and fur charged, provided that no fuch Return (hall be a lorcharge on any Paper Maker* unlefs it (hall have been made and if Amount thereof demanded within Nine Calendar months after the fate of the original Return* or after the Expiration of the Ten Days bthio which the fame ought to have been made.

XXXVIII. Provided always* and be it enaded, That every Notice or Notices for any of the Purpofes in this Ad mentioned* which ball be given or ferved by or on behalf of any Paper Maker* upon my of the Perfons upon whom the fame ought to be given or ferved, ball* according to the true Intent and meaning of fuch Notice or Notices* be taken to be good and effedual as againft fuch Paper Maker* although fuch Notice or Notices (hall not be in the

Form*

Returns to be made' when Returns have been omitted.

Errooeous Returns to be reft tied.

Allowances for Overcharges.

Deficiencies to be charged. Caufe to be (hewn.

Penalty for not paying the Surcharge.

Notices not invalidated for want of Form.

426

C17S.

56* GEO. Ill

A.D.1&1&

Form* or contain the feveral Particulars, or (haH not be given or ferved on all the Perfant, or within the time or times by this Ad dzre&ed, prefcribed, limited and appointed for giving or ferving the fame, and upon tbe Trial of any Information, or on any other Proceeding relating to or in any manner touching or concerning any fuck Notice or Notices, it (hall not be competent to or for foch Paper Maker, or his or her Sureties, to aliedge any Imperfe&iom or Btfeft in any fuch Notice or Notices, or in the giving or ferving of tbe fame*

Officer to make XXXIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Oficer in charge Charges from of the Paper Mitt of any Paper Maker, (hsU he removed from tbs the Books of the fame, or fit all die, it (hall and may he lawful to and for the Officer ^ededL.**6 ^	w^° {hall fuoceed tbe Officer who fhatt be fb removed or (ball die, to

^	make out and return any Charge again & fuch Paper Maker from the

Books and Papers kept and Entries made by fuch Officer who (ball he fb removed or (hall die, relating to fuch Papsr Mill, and to tbe State thereof, and every fuch Charge fo made out and returned from fuch Books, Papers or Entries, mail be a Charge on fuch Paper Maker, who (halt pay the Duties fo charged and returned, under and fubjed to the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as if fuch Books, Papers and Entries, were the Books, Papers and Entries of the Officer who (hall make fuch Charge, and as if fuch Officer had been placed over fuch Paper Mitt at the time fuch Entries had been made.

Abatement for XL. And he it farther enaded, That when any Paper Maker m tbe time snjr Inland fhall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been Engine bas been prevented from working any Engine kept by fuch Piper Maker prmrented from	^ whole or any Part of any Month for which fuch Paper

**	Maker	fhall by Law be chargeable with Duty, it (hall and may be

&	lawful for the Coramiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland*

or any Three of them, on Proof on Oath made to their Satisfaction that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to make any proportionate Abatement of any Charge of Duty which (hall have been returned againft fuch Paper Maker, for and in refped of the Engine which fuch Paper Maker fhall be fo prevented from working.

Commiffioners XLI. And be it epaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and to provide pro- for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland* or per Sumps, Ac. any Three of them, from time to time to provide proper Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels, for (tapping or marking all Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Soaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board refpedtively, made tn Inland, and they fhall caufe fuch Stamps, Marks, Devices or Labels, to be diftributed to the refpedive Officers of Excife, for Sumps, frc. si- Ike Purpofes of this Ad, and tbe (aid Stamps, Marks, Devices or tered, renewed, Labels refpedively, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time as the (aid Commiffioners of Excife, or any Three of them, fhall think fit, and the fame fhall be deemed and taken to be the proper and lawful Stamps, Marks, Devices and Labels for the Purpofes of this Ad.

Sumps,&c.now XLII. Provided always, and be it enaded. That the Stamps, feufetobeufed, Marks, Devices or Labels in ufe at the time of the raffing of this Ad for denoting the charging of the Duties payable on F»ptn Pafteboard, Millboard, Scateboard and Glased Papery Sheating or

Sheathing

A.D.1S10.

56° GEO. IIL

C.78*

427

Sheathing Pipe#, Button Piper and Bat con Board, ft all, until the until altered, fame fhaH be altered or renewed as aforefaid, continue to be ufed, and (halt be deemed and taken to be the proper and lawful Stamps,

Marks, Devices and Labels for the Farpofes aforefaid.

XL! II. And be it enefted, That if any Perfon (hall counterfeit. Forging Stamps, or caufe to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Mark, Device or Label, provided or direfted to be ufed m purfinance of this Aft, or (hall counterfeit, forge or refemble the Mark or Impreffion of any fuch Stamp, Mark or Device upon any Coter or Wrapper of or belonging to or nfed with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pafteboard, Millboard, ScaKeboard or Glared Paper, Sweating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Bntton Board, or (hall have in his or her Cuftody any fttch counterfeit Stamp or Hiving in Pof-Device, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall have in his or • <* ^*>1 her Cuftody or Poffeffion, or (hall atter, vend or fell any Paper with a for*cd Counterfeit or forged Mark or Impreffion of any Inch Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of fnch Paper, or on any Label counterfeit affixed thereto, or any Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glaxed Stamp*.

Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board,

With a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impreffion of any fuch Stamp cfr Device upon fuch Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glased Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board,

Or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the fame to be counterfeited or forged, or (hall upon anv Ream or Quantity of Paper which had not been duly entered with tne proper Officer and charged with the Duty of Excite impofed for or in refpeft of fttch Paper, know-iftgly put Or place any Cover or Wrapper hating thereon fuch Or putting counterfeited or forged Mark or Impreffion, or any fuch counterfeit Wrapper on Label, or (hall knowingly wrap or cover any Ream or any Quantity PaPer»&c-Of Piper in any Cover or Wrapper ufed before as a Cover or JjS? S?-Wrapper to any other Quantity of Paper, or (hall knowingly affix, *• tie up, put, place or add any Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, having thereon the Impreffion of any fuch Stamp or Device or any Label, whether fuch Stamp, Device or Label (hall be true or i ounterfeited, to any Pafteboard, Millboard, 8cafeboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board which had not been duly entered with the proper Officer and charged with the Duty of Excife impofed for or in refpeft thereof, then and in every Inch cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty, hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it drafted, That in all cafes where any Duties Colieftor may payaMe by any Paper Maker (hall be unpaid at the time when fnch diftrain for Duty Duties are or (hall be by Law made due and payable, it (hall and in Arrear‘ may be lawful for the Oolleftor of Excife, or other Officer in charge of the Cbllcftion of the Diftrift in which fuch Duty (ball be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Perron or P«fons to take and diftrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, of or belonging to fuch Paper Maker, wherever the fame may be found, and afi or any Engines, Vats, Wet Preffec Or other UtenfHs for making Paper, in any Paper MSB or other Place ufed by any fuch ftroer Maker, and to caufe the fame to be fold by public Auction, giving Six IDayV previous Notice thereof t Sale.

and

428

C.78.

56° GEO. I1L

A.D. 1816V

Surplus to Paper Maker.

Provifa

Engiues, See. and Paper found in Mill, ,

Cable for Duty and Penalties.

In Queftions as to Clafs to which Paper belongs, Proof on Owner.

Paper, See. fraudently concealed.

and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from fuch Paper Maker, together with the Cofts and Expences of fuch Taking, Diftraining and Sale, there {hall be any Surplus ariiing from the Side thereof, fuch Surplus (hall be forthwith tendered and paid to fuch Paper Maker or his Reprefentatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforefaid (hall be fo taken and diftrained, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Paper Maker, or his Representatives, at any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the fame to be delivered up to him or them, upoa his or their paying to the Colledor or Officer in charge as aforefaid, towards difeharging the Duties fo due and payable, together with the Cofts and Expences as aforefaid, the real Value of fuch Articles as he or they (hall defire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

XLV. And be it enaded, That all Engines, Vats, Wet Prefles and Utenfils for making any kind of Paper in any Mill, and all Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, 6caleboard, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, and Glazed Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and a& the Materials for making thereof, which (hall be found in fuch Mill, or into whofe Hands foever the fame (hall come, and by whatever Conveyance or Title the fame (hall be claimed, (hall be liable and fubjed to, and the fame refpedively are hereby made chargeable with all Duties in Azrear, and owing by the Paper Maker who ufed fuch Mill, or which {hall be in Arrear or owing by fuch Paper Maker, and (hall alfo be fubjed and liable to (atisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or which (hall be incurred by every fuch Paper Maker for any Offence againft this Ad or any Ad or Ads in force or to be in force relating to the regulating and fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and it (hafl and may be lawful in all fuch cafes to levy fuch Duties and Penalties on all and every fuch Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs and Utenfil, Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board and Materials, or any of them, and to ufe fuch Proceedings as may lawfully be done, in cafe fuch Debtor or Debtors, Offender or Offenders was or were the true Owner or Owners of fuch Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs or Utenfil, Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scdeboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or Materials refpedively.

XLV I. And be it enaded. That if any Queftion (hall arife whether any Paper is really and bona Jide of or belonging to the Clafs marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the fame, although fuch Paper (hould appear to nave been entered or kept in the Officer’s Book or Books as being of or belonging to fuch Clafs, the Proof of fuch Paper being really and bona Jide of and belonging to the Clafs marked, written or printed on the Cover or Wrapper containing the fame, (hall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of fuch Paper, and not on the Officer or Officers.

XLVII. And be it enaded. That in cafe any Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made in Ireland*, (hall be fraudulently depofited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatfoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majefty of any of the Duties impofed thereon, all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard,

Scale-

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.78.

429

Scaleboard and Glided Paper, Sheating and Sheathfrig Paper, Button Paper and Button Board refpe&ively mail be forfeited, together with Forfeited, the Packages containing the fame, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and to enable fuch Officer or Officers Search under to difcover fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Warrantof* Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper,'Button Paper or Button Board Juft,ce‘ refpeftively, which may be fo hid or concealed, if any Officer of Excife (hall have Caufe to fufpe& that any fuch Pafteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper,

Button Paper or Button Board, (hall be fo depofited, hid or concealed, then and in every fuch cafe, upon Oath made by fuch Officer Oith by Officer, before any Juftice of the Peace, fetting forth the Ground of his Sufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace before whom fuch Oath (hall be made, if he (hall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Officer or Officers, by Day or by Search in what Night, but if in the Night then in the Prefence of a Conftable or in prefcncc other Officer of the Peace, to enter into every fuch Place where he °*Peace 0fficc*’ or they (hall fo fufpe& fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpe&ively, to be depoiited, hid or concealed, and to feize and carry away all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpe&ively, which he or they (hall find fo hid or concealed, together with the Packages containing the fame; and all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Pafteboard, **

* Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board forfe,ted* refpc&ively, together with the Packages containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, ana may be feized by fuch Officer of Excife 5 and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Pofleffion the fame (hall be found (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty.

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That as often as any Officer Stock to be of Excife (hall have entered into the Mill, Warehoufe, Drying lhewn to Officer. Houfe, Storehoufe or other Place belonging to any Paper Maker, fuch Paper Maker, or fome Perfon employed on behalf of fuch Paper Maker, (hall, on Demand of any fuch Officer, (hew or canfe to be fhewn to fuch Officer all the Stock then on Hand of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed' Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and (hall give or caufe to be given to fuch Officer a Declaration of the fame, that is to fay, that tne Stock fo (hewn is all the Stock of Paper, Pafteboard,

Scaleboard, Millboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, of or belonging to fuch Paper Maker; and if fuch Paper Maker, or fome Perfon on his or her Falfe Declar-behalf, (hall not, on Demand made by any fuch Officer, forthwith aiion.

(hew or caufe to be (hewn fuch Stock, or make fuch Declaration as aforefaid, or if fuch Paper Maker, or Perfon (hewing Stock, or making fuch Declaration, (hall make any falfe or untrue Declaration of fuch Stock, fuch Paper Maker (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Penalty. Officers of Excife (hall upon Search difcover any Paper, Pafteboard, paper, &c. Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, found.

Button Paper or Button Board, belonging to fuch Paper Maker, which (half not have been duly (hewn or declared, then all fuch

Paper,

*so

•C.7S.

36° GEO. HI.

Forfeiture.

Seisure.

Stock of Paper fob than Quantity which ought, by Stock Account, to be in

PefielOon.

Penalty.

Paper found charged with Duty, greater in Number and Weight than appears by Stock Account, Paper equal to the In-craafe forfeited*

t Sit.

Stationers not to receive any Paper left than a Ream properly ftamped and marked.

Penalty.

Wrappers not to be returned to Paper Makers by Stationer J

44>'1« 16-

Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or'Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board fb di{covered fhall be forfeited, and may he feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XLIX. And be it futher ena&ed, That in every cafe where the Stock of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper# Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which Audi hayq been damped, and purporting to have been charged with Duty, in the Poffeflion of any Paper Maker, ihall be lefs than the Quantity of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper; Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which, by the Stock Account of fuch Paper Maker kept by the Officer of Excife, ought to be in the Pofleffion of fuch Paper Maker every fuch Paper Maker, for every time fuch Decreafe fhall appear, fhall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Ream of Paper, and for every Parcel of Pafteboard* Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which fhall be fo deficient*

L- And be it further ena&ed, That whenever there fhall be found in the Mill of any Paper Maker any Ream or Reams of Paper, or any Parcel or Parcels of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, ftamped and purporting to have been charged with Duty greater in Number or Weight than the Number or Weight which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excife, ought to be in the Pdfieffian of fuch Paper Maker, it fhall and may be 'lawful for any Officer of Excife to feize, out of any Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed B^per, Shearing qr Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, in the Mill of fuch Paper Maker, orf Quantity of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board* equal to the Quantity Co found mcfeafed, and the fame fhall be forfeited.

UX. And be it ena&ed. That no Paper Stainer Stationer or Dealer m Paper, fhall receive into his or her Cuftody or Pofieffipn any Paper made in Irtbrnd* which fhall not at the time of his er herfo receiving the fame be an entire Ream of Paper duly ftamped and marked tor denoting the Duty of Excife impofed thereon to thave been charged for or in rtfpe& of fuch Paper, oqt, without the Officer’s Name and Surname, together with the Day, Month effd Year when fuch Duty was charged, nor without the Clafs dire&ed to be marked, written or printed thereon, at the time of fuch Duty being charged, or any Paper without fuch Permit for the Remowl thereof as by Law required, on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all fuch Paper which fhall be fo received by any fuch Stationer or Dealer in Paper contrary to the Dire&ions of this A£t, and all fuch Paper Audi and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

LII. And be it enafted, That if any Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or any other Perfon, fhall reftore, return, redeliver or»fend* or procure, permit or fuffer to be reftored, returned, redelivered or feat to any Paper Maker, or to any Mill, Work Houle, Storefioafe, Room or other Place, to any fuch Paper Maker belonging, or to any other Place or Places whatever, to or for the Ufe.ot any .Maker

of

A.D. 181*.

*6° GEO. IIL

C.7S*

*3J

■of Paper, any Wrapper or Cover which had been before ufed as a

Wrapper or Caver to any Paper, and marked, damped or labelled

with (he Mark, Stamp or Label dirfefted by this Aft; and if any but deftroyed.

Stationer or Dealer in Paper (hall not upon the opening of any Ream

of Paper forthwith deftroy or caufe to oe deftroyed the Wrapper or

Cover in which fuch Paper was inclofed, or deface or caufe to be

defaced the Impreffion of the Mark or Stamp, or the Label put

thereon by the Officer of Excife according to the Dineftiont of this

Aft, and if any ftamped* marked or labelled Cover or Wrapper,

which had before contained any Paper, fhall be found conveying or

conveyed* the fame (hall ber 1	'	1	11	~	cer

or Officers of Excife; and	or

other Perfon, (hall for each and every the refpeftive Offences afore-

faid forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 4 and if any Paper Penalties.

Maker (hall receive, or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer to be re- Makers receir-

cerved, reftored, returned, redelivered or feat to him or her, or to be ing Wrappers,

dsept or depofited at any Mill, Work Houfe, Storehouse, Room or &c*

other Place to him or her belonging, or at any other Plaoe to or for

baa or her Ufo, any fuch Wrapper, Cover or Label, which had been

before ufed, every fuch Paper Maker fhadl forfeit for every fuch

Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every fuch Wrapper, Penalty.

Cover, Label and all Paper of any Sort or kind which (hall or may

be conveying or conveyed therein or therewith fhall be forfeited, and

may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife 5 and all and Wrappeiyfcc.

every Carriage in which or on which any fuch ftamped marked fcixed*

Cover, or Wrapper, or Label, which had before contained any Paper, or had been affixed to any Paper, fhall be found in the Course vf Conveyance, and every Horfe or Beaft of Burthen attached to And Horfes, any fuch Carriage, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Carriages, ate. Officer or Officers of Excife: Provided always, that nothing herein Prorifc. contained fhall extend or be deemed to extend to inflift the £ud Penalty of One hundred Pounds for or on account of the not defboyiag or returning any Wrapper or Cover which fhall have been opened, containing therein the fame identical Ream of Paper which was removed, earned or lent away by the Maker thereof, and which fhall hove bsrn^retnrned to him or iter on account of the fame being diffiked and refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was font, or for or on account of the not destroying or returning of any Label affixed to fuch Wrapper or Cover; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

LI1I. And be it further enOfted, That it fhall not be lawful for Paper, Sec. not •any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Paper, or any 10 removed Parcel of Paftebotord, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, without Permit. Shearing or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manufactory of fuch Paper Maker, without a Permit •for the Removal thereof, figned by the Officer in charge of fuch Mill or Manufa&osy, or other Officer authorized in that behalf by the Commiffionen of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irtlandy and that every fuch Permit (hall be written or printed in plain legible'Cha-Tafters, and fhall contain fuch Particulars as fhall from time to time be diiefted by the Conkmiffioiters of Inland Excife and Taxes in jrdand, tor any Three* of them, and alfo the feveral following Particulars.; ’that is to fay, ’the Date and Number of fuch Permit, and Permit to con-the Diftafttfrom whence ftfatd, and th&Flaoe to which fuoh Paper or tain certain par-

Pafte- ticehrs.

C.78-

56* GEO. Ill-

A-D.1816-

Seizure if Permit be not produced.

ProvifOi

On Trial for Forfeiture, Proof to lit on Claimant.

Fiditious Names or Placet in-ferted in Permit; Expiration of time.

Scbure and Forfeiture.

Time for Permit to to in force.

Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button, Paper or Button Board, therein mentioned, are intended to be carried, and (hall particularly exprefs the Marks, Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the fame is commonly and ufually called and known, fo intended to be conveyed under fuch Permit, and (hall likewife contain the real Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Paper Maker, and the Situation of his or her Mill or Manufactory, and the real Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons to whom, and the Place or Places to which fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazfed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforefaid, is intended to be lent; and in every fuch Permit (hall be exprefled and fet forth the Date of the Month and Year when fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, was weighed and charged with Duty by the Officer ; and if any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Pafteboard, Mill-hoard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, (hall be conveying or carrying, or carried or conveyed, from the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker, the fame (hall be forfeited, and may he feized by any Officer of Excife, unlefs the Carrier or Perfon conveying the fame, or the Perfon in whofe PofTeffion the fame (hall be, (hall, on Demand made by any Officer of Excife, produce a Permit under the Hand of the proper Office# of Excife, authorizing the Removal of fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, refpe&ivdy, and upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of any fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpedivdy, which (hall he found conveying or conveyed without fuch Permit as aforefaid, the Proof of the Perfon from and to whom, and the Place from and to which fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforefaid refpe&ively, (hall he conveying or conveyed, (hall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not on the Officer or Perfon profecuting fuch Information ; and in cafe any fi&itious Name or Names* or the Name of any Perfon from or to whom fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, as aforefaid, mentioned in any Permit, (hall not he intended to be lent, (hall be inferted in any Permit or Permits, or in cafe fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, (hall be delivered from or to any other Perfon or from or at any other Place than from or to the Perfon or from or at the Place mentioned in the Permit, fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Scaleboard, Mill-board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, mentioned in fuch Permit, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife; and in every fuch Permit (hall be likewife mentioned fome reafonable limited time for fuch Permit bring in force for the Conveyance of the Paper,

13	Pafte.

A»D.1816<

56° GEO. Ill

C. 78.

43*

Pafteboard. Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid therein mentioned, from one Place to another, and after the Expiration of fuch limited time fuch Permit (hall not be in force for prote&ing the Conveyance of fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, and the fame (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife; and every fuch Permit in whicn there (hall be any Erafurc, Interlineation or Alteration, (hall be null and void, and the Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board conveying or conveyed, for the Prote&ion of which any erafed, interlined or altered Permit (hall be produced, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and no fuch Permit (hall be granted by any Officer, unlefs a Re-queft Note or Requifition in Writing, duly ftamped according to Law, and containing fuch Particulars as hereinafter required, mall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring fuch Permit, and every fuch Requeft Note or Requilition (hall, contain the Name and Surname of the Paper Maker, and Situation of the Mill or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, and the Name and Surname of the Perfon to whom intended to be fent, and fpecifying the Trade, Occupation or Calling of fuch Perfon, and alfo the Place to which fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid is intended to be lent; and fuch Requilition or Requeft 'Note (hall particularly exprefs the Marks, Weight, Package, Quantity and Denomination of fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheating Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the fame is commonly and ufually called and known, and the Date of the Month and Year the fame was refpedrively weighed and charged with Duty.

LIV. And be it further enacted. That on Oath made by the Carrier or Perfon in whofe Poffefiion any Paper, Pafteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for which a Permit (hall have been granted, of the Lofs of fuch Permit, and by the Paper Maker who (hall have fent the fame under fuch Permit, before any Com-miffioner or Sub Commiffioner of Excife, that fuch Permit was taken out, and was not ufed or intended to be ufed to his Knowledge or Belief fraudulently to cover or prote& any other Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board whatever, but was taken out for the particular Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, fo feized as aforefaid, for want of Permit, in fuch cafe the Entry of fuch Permit in the Books of the proper Officer, or a Copy thereof duly attefted, (hall be Evidence of fuch Permit having been taken out, and fuch Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, (hall thereupon be reftored to the Owner or Proprietor thereof: Provided always, that if the Car-56 G*0. III.	F	f	riage

Erafure,&c. in Permit void.

Goods forfeited.

Requeft Note for Permit to ba ftamped, and to contain certain Particulars.

What Evidence (bail he given if Permit be loft.

Entry or Copy of Permit.

43*

C.7S.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1II6.

Time of Permit m*y be enlarged on proper Notice.

riage of any fuck Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glased Paper, Cheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, fhall be prevented from being fully performed within the time knitted in fuch Permit by any unavoidable Accident, then on Notice being immediately given by the Owner or Carrier of fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shea ting or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, to any Officer of Excife, and Reft or Stay being made of fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board at aforefaid, at or near the Place where fuch Accident fitaU happen, the Officer of Excife to whom fuch Notice fhall be given, (hall without Delay repair to the Place where fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, wail then be, and if fuch Officer (hall find upon View or Enquiry that fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as aforefaid, were flopped or delayed in their Carriage by Accident, then fuch Officer (hah thereupon by Indorferaent on fuch Permit enlarge the time for the Carriage of fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or But* ton Board as aforefaid, to the Place of their firft Deftination; and if any Officer of Excife (hall wilfully or negligently omit or refufe to do his Duty therein according to the Dire&ions aforefaid, fuch Officer fhall, on Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the Coimniffioners of Excife in Irehnd, or any Three or more of them, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LV. And bt k ena&ed, That k fhall be lawful for any Officer granting or renewing any fuch Permit, to examine upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby authorized to adsaaifter, any Perfon or Pferfont applying for fuch Permit, whether the Duty was a&uxlly charged or paid for the Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board for which fuch Permit fhall be fo demanded, and as to the Identity of fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaldboard or {Hazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board m aforefaid, and to all fuch matters os fhall appear to fudh Officer or Officers neceffaiy to fatisfy him or them that the Duties payable oa fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard dr Glazed Papor, Sheating or Sheathing Pttpexv Button Paper or Button Board nr aforefaid, had been duly charged or paid.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon being aSta-livered to Officer tioner or Dealer in Paper, or a Paper Stainer, or Maaufatihncr of w<lthiV8 Hi0Ur" PaPer> to whom any fuch Paper, Pafteboard, M&lboard, Scaleboard p ” Ifhn'ikfii Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or on finding Paper* Button Board, fhall be fent, (hall, wkhm Forty eight Hours after the Arrival thereof, or after the Expiration of the time hooked in fuch Permit, repair with fuch Permit to the Surveyor or Gauger of the Walk in which fuch Perfon (hall refidc^ and (hall prefent and deliver the fame to fuch Officer, who (hall wxthm Twenty four Hours examine fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and (hall without Fee or Reward, if foch Officer fhaD find

that

Indorfedon Permit.

Officer neglecting.

Penalty.

Officer granting or renewing Permit to examine oil Oath whether Duty hat been paid

Permit to be de-

to correfpond with Permit* certify fame on Back thereof, ficc.

A.D. 1816.

56* GEO. III.

C. 78.	MS

that fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glased Paper,

Shotting or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, cor-refpood with fuch Permit, certify on the Back thereof that fuch Permit was prefented to him, and that, having examined the Paper,

Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpe&ively al-ledged to have been conveyed under fuch Permit, he found that fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board to corre-fpond therewith, and fuch Officer (hall fign and date fuch Certificate, and (hall thereupon redeliver fuch Permit, with fuch Certificate indorfed thereon, to tne Party, and fuch Permit, with fuch Certificate thereon, (hall be a Prote&ion for fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board; and if any luch Paper, Pafteboard, Mill- Permit and Ccr-board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, tificate not pro-Button Paper or Button Board (hall be found in the Pofieffion of duced* fuch Stationer or Dealer in Paper, or Paper Stainer, after the Expiration of fuch Forty eight Hours refpc&ively as aforefaid from the Arrival of the Goods, or from the Expiration of the time limited in the Permit nnder which fuch Goods were conveyed to fuch Stationer or Dealer in Paper or Paper Stainer, and fuch Permit, with fuch Certificate as is thereon herein directed to be indorfed thereon, (hall not be produced on Demand of any Officer of Excife, then all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, which (hall have been fo conveyed under fuch Permit, and which (hall Paper, Sec. (or-be found without fuch Certificate, which (hall be fo found, (hall be fcsted *nd fc,zed* forfeited, and may be feized by any fuch Officer.

LVII. And be it ena£fced» That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at Forging, or ufin* any time counterfeit or forge any Permit or Let-pafs for the Car- p*rro,tF* riage of Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper,

Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or (hall counterfeit any Impreffion, Stamp or Mark, provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties relpe&ively for the time being, or any Three or more of them refpe&ively, to be put to or upon fuch Permit or Let-pafs, or (hall make ufe of any fuch counterfeit or forged Permit or Let-pafs, with fuch counterfeit Impreffion, Stamp or Mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, fuch Perfon or Perfons being thereof legally convi&ed (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall be Felony, tranfported for the Space of Seven Years.

* LVIII. And Whereas it ia expedient that an Allowance (hould < be made for Paper ufed in printing Bibles, Te ft ament a, Pfalm * Books and Books of Common Prayer, by The King’s Printer in « Ireland;9 Be it therefore enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful Drawback of to and for the Commiffioners of Inland ExcHe and Taxes in Ireland Du'y on ?”Per for the time being, upon bemg fatisfied that the Dutv of Excife (hall Bible*”*""by* have been folly paid for any Quantity of Paper ot the Firft Clafs Ring’s Primer hereinbefore mentioned ufed by The King’s Printer in Ireland, in in Ireland, to be the printing of Bibles, Teftaawnts, Pfalm Books and Books of «Uowed on cer-Commoti FVayer of the Church of England and Ireland, to pay and tam Condllwn5» allow to fuck King's Pastors, or to the Perfon or Perfons by them

F f 2	refpedt-

436

C. 78.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1846.

Paper to have Date of Year in the Water Mirk.

Notice of Quantity of Paper printed, &c.

Scales and Weights to he provided.

Notice when lmpreflion printed off*.

Officers to attend and infpe&i dec. and give Certificate.

Oath to ceetain Particulars.

refpe&ively authorized to receive the fame, a Drawback or Allowance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all fuch Paper fo ufed as aforefaid, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expreffed: Provided always neverthelefs, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to entitle the faid King's Printer, or any Perfon or Perfons whatever on his behalf, to any fuch Drawback or Allowance for or in refped of any fuch Paper ufed in the Printing any fuch Bibles, Teftaments, Pfalm Books or Books of Common Prayer, unlefs the faid Paper (hall have vifible in the Subftance thereof a Mark, commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the prefent Year of our Lord one thou-fand eight hundred and fixteen in Figures, or of fome fubfequent Year of our Lord; nor unlefs the Manager of the Prefs of fuch King's Printer (hall, at lead Forty eight Hours before any fuch Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or caufe to be given to the Surveyor of Excife of the Diftrid a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print fuch Paper, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of fuch Paper fo intended to be printed, and whether the fame is to be printed for Bibles, Teftaments, Pfalm Books or Common Prayer Books, and of what Size the in* tended lmpreflion or Edition thereof is to confift; nor unlefs all fuch Paper (hall on the Attendance of fuch Surveyor or fome other Officer of Excife, be produced to fuch Surveyor or Officer inclofed in the original Covers or Wrappers in which fuch Paper was charged with Duty with the lmpreflion of the Officer's Stamp, and his Chriftian and Surname, and the Date of the Charge of the Duty with the Clafs of fuch Paper, and the feveral matters hereinbefore preferibed aad dire&ed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on fuch Covers or Wrappers refpe&ively ; nor unlefs fuch Chief Manager of the Prefs of fuch King's Printer (hall provide good and. fufficient Scales and Weights, and (hall permit and affift fuch Officer to ufe the fame for the Purpofe of afeertaining the true Quantity and Weight of fuch Paper; nor unlefs the Chief Manager of the Prefs of fuch King's Printer (hall in like manner, within One Month next after the whole of fuch lmpreflion or Edition (hall have been printed off, dried and' finiftied, give or caufe to be given to tbe Surveyor of Excife of the DiftriA Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing of fuch lmpreflion or Edition being printed off, dried and finiftied, and thereupon fuch Surveyor or fome other Officer of Excife {hall attend and infpeft, examine and weigh the whole of fuch lmpreflion or Edition, unbound and in Sheets, and (hall thereupon give and deliver to fuch Chief Manager of the Prefs of The King's Printer a Certificate in Writing of his hating fo done, fpecifying therein the Name of fuch Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which fuch lmpreflion or Edition confifts, and the Weight of the Paper on which the fame is printed ; but if fuch Weight (hall exceed the Weight of the Paper a&ually produced to and taken account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe fuch Weight, previous to the printing thereof, (hall be inferted in fuch Certificate, and the Allowance (hall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight fpecified in fuch Certificate, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding s Provided alfo, that no fuch Allowances (hall be made for or in refpe& of any fuch Paper ufed in

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 78.

487

the printing any fuch Bibles, Teftaments, Pfalm Books or Books of Common Prayer, unlefs the Chief Manager of the Prefs of fuch King’s Printer (hall make and fubfcribe, on the Back of fuch Certificate, an Oath in Writing before the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Twp or more of them, (which Oath they the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized and empowered to ad-minifter,) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made ufe of in the printing of any fuch Impreffion or Edition of the Bible, Teftament, Pfalm Book or Book of Common Prayer, as the cafe may require, and that fuch Chief Manager of The King’s Printer believes that all Duty by Law impofed for or in refped of fuch Paper ufed in the printing of fuch Impreffion or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in refped of fuch Paper or any Part thereof, and that the whole of the Impreffion or Edition of fuch Bible, Teftament, Pfalm Book or Book of Common Prayer, has been printed by The King’s Printer at his ufual and ordinary Printing Houfe on his or their own Account, under and by virtue of the exclufive Patent, Authority or Privilege belonging to him as fuch King’s Printer, and for his foie and entire Benefit, Profit, Emolument and Advantage.

LIX. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon to export as Merchandize from Ireland any Paper made in Ireland\ upon which Paper all Duties chargeable by Law (hall have been duly paid and fatisfied, and under, fubjed and according to fuch Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, fo far as the fame refpedively are applicable thereto, as are enaded by any Ad or Ads for obtaining a Drawback on the Exportation of any Article or thing fubjed to a Duty of Excife; and fuch Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, (hall moreover make Oath that he believes that the Duties of Excife impofed on fuch Paper in refped of the Quality and Weight thereof, or a Sum or Sums equal in Amount to fuch Duties, have been fully paid for fuch Paper, and thereupon a Drawback of the Duty fo paid (hall be allowed, on the faid feveral Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as far as the fame refpedively are applicable thereto, (hall be in full Force, and (hall be and the fame are hereby direded to be obferved, pradifed, applied and put in Execution, upon fuch Exportation of any fuch Paper, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame refpedively had been reenaded in this Ad.

LX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be deemed to extend to entitle any Perfon to any fuch Drawback for any fuch Paper, unlefs the Officer of Excife who (hall attend to fee fuch Paper packed up in order to be exported, (hall then find fuch Paper inclofed in the Cover or Wrapper in which the fame was charged with Duty with the Im-

?reffion of the Officer’s Stamp, and his Name and Surname, with the )ate of the Charge of the Duty on fuch Paper, and the Clafs thereof, together with the feveral matters hereinbefore prefcribed and direded to be marked, written or printed, remaining on fuch Cover or Wrapper; and that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer who (hall attend to fee fuch Paper packed up as aforefaid, and fuch Officer is hereby required to take off or to fee taken off all and every ’	F	f 3	the

Paper made in Ireland may be exported from Ireland.

Drawback.

Drawback not allowed unlefs Officer find Paper inclofed in Wrappersin which fame was charged with Duty, &c.

498

C. 78.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

v the' Impreffiona of the Officer’s Stamp or Label from every Ream of fuch Paper intended to be packed up in order to be exported before the lame (hall be fo packed.

Book* bound or LXI. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any unbound be perfon to export from Ireland, as Merchandize, any Books, either exported.	unbound,	or bound with any Materials refpedively liable to any

Duties of Excife, and fbr which the Duties of Excife impofed for or in refped thereof have been paid, and fuch Books being made up • or compofed of Paper made in Ireland of the Firft Clafs, and for ail which Paper fo to be exported the Duty of Excife (hall have been paid, and under, fubjed and according to fuch Rules and Regulations, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as aforefaid, as Exporter making far as the fame or any of them can or may be applied thereto ; and Oath that the fuch Exporter or his Clerk or Manager (hall, in cafe fuch Books Duty has bten (hall be to be exported, make Oath that he believes the Duty of to Drawback * ^-xc^e hath been rally paid for fuch Paper, and alfo that he believes that no Drawback haul been before received bjr any Perfon for or in refped of fuch Paper, or any Part thereof; and in cafe fuch Books, bound with any Materials as aforefaid, (hall be to be exported, then fuch Exporter or his Clerk or Manager, (hall make further Oath that he believes the feveral Duties of Excife, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament impofed for or in refped of the Materials of which the Binding is compofed, have been paid, and that a Drawback, equal lo the Duty by Law payable by Weight on Paper of the Firft Clafs, (hall be allowed for and in refped of all fuch Books, under and fubjed to the faid feveral Rules, Regulations, Reftri&iont, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and which Rules, Regulations, Reflridions, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, fo far as the fame refpedively can or may be applied to the Exportation of fuch Books, (hall be extended to the fame refpedively, as fully and effedually as if the fame refpedively had been reenaded in this Ad.

Foreign Vapcr LXI I. And in order to fecure the due Payment of the Doties on Importation payable upon the Importation of Foreign Paper, be it enaded, to be (tamped. That the Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms at the Port or Place

Stamps to be provided.

Boreign Paper imported in left Quantity than a Ream, forfeited.

where any Foreign Paper (hall be imported, (hall caufe fuch Paper, whether in a Ream or exceeding a Ream, to be marked, ftamped or fealed in fuch manner as the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Port Duties, or any Three or more of them, Audi dired ; and the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to provide proper Stamps, Marks or Seals, for marking, damping or leafing all Foreign Paper imported, to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and the fame to caufe to be diftri-buted to the proper Officers of the Cuftoms for the Purpofes in this Ad mentioned, which Officers are hereby required and enjoined to mark, damp or feal the fame, in fuch manner as the faid Commif-fioners (hall from time to time think fit to dired; which Stamps, Marks or Seals to be provided in purfuance of this Ad may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the faid Commiffioners (hall from time to time think fit to dired.

LXIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Foreign Paper (hall be imported into Ireland in any lefs Quantity than a Ream, each fuch Ream containing Twenty Quires, and eacn Quire thereof

Twenty

439

A.D. 1816.	56®	GEO.	III.	0.78.

Twenty four Sheets, the fame fhall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue.

LXIV. And be it enafted, That if any Perfon (hall, with Intent to defraud His Majefty of any of the Duties impofed upon Paper, wilfully cut out, obhterate or deface, or wilfully fuffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced the Stamp, Mark or Seal put by any Officer of the Revenue upon fuch Foreign Paper, to denote the charging of the Duty on fuch Paper, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Ream or other Parcel of Paper on which the Stamp, Mark or Seal put by any fuch Officer fhall be fo wilfully cut out, obliterated or defaced.

LXV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhall counterfeit or caufe to be counterfeited any Stamp, Mark or Seal provided by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in purfuance of this Aft, or fhall counterfeit, forge or referable the Mark or Im-preffion of any fuch Stamp, Mark or Seal upon any Paper, or fhall have in his, her or their Cuftody or PofTeffion any fuch counterfeit Stamp, Mark or Seal, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or fhall have in his, her or their Cuftody or PofTeffion, or fhall utter, vend or fell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Im-preffion of any fuch Stamp, Mark or Seal thereon, knowing the fame to be fo counterfeited or forged, or fhall, upon any Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, and charged with the Duty payable upon the Importation of fuch Paper, knowingly put or place the Impreffion of any fuch counterfeit or forged Stamp, Mark or Seal, or fhall knowingly affix upon any Ream or Quantity of fuch Paper, any Stamp, Mark or Seal which fhall have been before affixed, marked, ftamped or fealed, upon any other Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Per-fbn fo offending therein fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXVI. And be it enafted. That no Paper imported into this Kingdom fit for or capable of being ufed for the Purpofes of Writing, Printing or Drawing, fhall be entered under the Denomination of Card Paper, or Cap Paper, but the fame fhall be entered by the Pound Weight, and be charged with fuch Duty as all other Papers fo to be entered are or fhall be fubjeft to.

LXVII. And be it further enafted, That every thing in this Aft contained, relating to any Paper or Pafteboard, or to any Paper Maker, fhall be deemed and conftrued to extend, and fhall extend to all Paper of every Sort and kind, and to all Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Gl&zed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufafturer of every Sort and kind of Paper, Pafteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and that every thing in this Aft contained relating to any Paper Mill fhall be deemed and conftrued to extend, and fhall extend to every Manufaftory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, fhall be carried on, or in which arty Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, fhall be dried

F f 4	or

Defacing Stamp denoting the Duty.

Penalty.

Forging Stamp, Sec.

Having forged Scamp in Cuftody, or felling Paper, Sec. with forged Stamp.

Penalty.

Paper imported

entered hy Pound Wtkhr, and fo charged.

A61 to extend to Paper, Sec. of all Son*, and to all Makers and Mills, See*

56° GEO. III.

Perform taking falfe Oaths.

Perjury. Recovery of Penalties in Britifh Currency. Application.

14 5c 15 Car. 2.

PO

46 G.3. c. ic6.

Appeal.

Commencement of Aft.

Aft may be altered, &c.

C. 78, 79.

A.D. 1816*

or kept, as fully as if fuch matters and things had been repeated and exprefled throughout the Body of this Ad.

LXVIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Ad required to be taken or made, (hall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm fal&ljr thereon, any fuch Perfon being duly convided thereof (hall fuffer the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or (hall be fubjed by any Law in force in Ireland ; and if any Perfon (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other Perfon or Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Oath or Affirmation, any fuch Perfon being duly convided of fuch procuring or fuborning (hall for every fuch Offence incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities as Perfons convided of Subornation of Peijury are refpedively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad (hall be paid ami payable in Britijh Currency, and (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, paid, fued for, recovered and applied, in fuch manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredions as are appointed, direded and expreifed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefly King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for fettling the Excife or new Impofl upon His Majefly, his Heirs and Succejffors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an A-d made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral A3s relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commijfioncrs of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the CommifJioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-cnaded, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the (aid recited Ad of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years .of His late Majefly King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid, is provided.

LXX. And be it enaded. That this Ad (hall commence and take Effed from and after the Fifth Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

LXXI. And be it enaded, That this Ad maybe altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

An A£l for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Rape Seed Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifti, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25th June 1816.]

*	TT7 HEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftomi

*	VV payable on the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, Linfeed c Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifh, except

• Whale

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 79.

441

*	Whale Fins, into Great Britain, fhould ceafe and determine) and

*	that other Duties of Cuftoms fhould be impofedin lieu thereof )’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the pafling of this Ad the feveral Duties of Cuftoms impofed upon the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifh, except Whale Fines, by an Ad puffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for repealing the feveral Duties of Cufioms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by an Ad palled in the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for granting certain additional Duties of Cufioms imported into and exported from Great Britain, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof refpedively, which may on the pafling of this Ad remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which lhall have been incurred at any time before the palling of this Ad.

II.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the palling of this Ad there lhall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, upon all Rape Seed Cakes and Linfeed Cakes imported into Great Britain, a Duty of Cuftoms of Two pence for every Hundred Weight; and upon all Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifh, except Whale Fins, fo imported, a Duty of Cuftoms of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof; which Value lhall be afeertained according to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor or his known Agent, in like manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions, and fuch Goods lhall be fubjed and liable to fuch and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and direded for afeertaining and colleding Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Ad palled in the Twenty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for repealing the feveral Duties of Cufioms and Excife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid Duties, together with the other Duties compoftng the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; or by any fubfequent Ad or Ads relative thereto in force on or immediately before the palfing of this Ad.

III.	And De it further enaded, That the Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad lhall and may be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid and recovered in fuch and the like manner as the Duties on Rape Seed Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Filh, except Whale Fins, hereby repealed, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, cof-leded, anfwered, paid and recovered, and the Goods (hall be fubjed and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftric-tions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as fuch Goods were fubjed and liable to by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad.

Duties impofed on Rape Seed Cakes, 8cc. by 49 G-3* c.98. Sch. (A.) Inwards, and 53 G-3- c. 33* to ceafe, except Arrears.

New Duties ti» be paid.

»7 G.3. c.13.

Duties hoyr levied.

IV. And

4*1*2

C.79, 80*

56° GEO. III.

AD. 1816.

Application of Dudes.

A& may be altered, &c.

Principal Offi-ctrs and Cun-r.i ill!oners of the Navy tt Foreign Stations may gram Certificates of Stores fcM by them.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies arifmg from the Duties impofed by this Ad, the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at fVeftminfter> and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties of Cuf-toms impofed on the like Goods, under the Head of Permanent Duties, were direded to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXX.

An Ad to enable the principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy refident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be fold by fiich Officers or Commiffioners at fuch Foreign Stations.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS divers falutary Ads of Parliament have from time to time been paffed for preventing the Embezzlement * of His Majefty’s Naval Stores and Goods, marked as is therein * mentioned : And Whereas by the faid Ads, or fome of them, the * principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy are au-< thorized to fell and difpofe of any of the faid Stores or Goods fo 9 marked as aforefaid, and to grant Certificates under their Hands to 4 the Purchafers of fuch Stores or Goods, as in the faid Ads is men-9 tioned : And Whereas the principal Officers and Commiffioners of 4 His Majefty’s Navy refident on Foreign Stations have frequently • occafion to fell and difpofe of fuch Stores or Goods, and the fame 9 may be brought by the Purchafers thereof into this Kingdom ; but 9 fuen Commiffioners on Foreign Stations not having the Power to 9 grant Certificates to the Purchafers of fuch Stores or Goods, of 9 their having purchafed the fame, or the Certificates granted by fuch • Commiffioners refident on Foreign Stations not being of fuch and 9 the fame Force and Effed as fuch like Certificates granted under 9 the Hands of Three or more of the faid Commiffioners in Bug* 4 land are of, the Purchafers and Owners of the* faid Stores or 9 Goods may be endangered by the Poffeffion thereof in fuch Parts 4 of His Majefty’s Dominions to which the faid Statutes extend For Remedy whereof, be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every or any One of the principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy refident on any Foreign Station, to grant Certificates under his or their refpedive Hand or Hands for any fuch Stores or Goods which (hall hereafter be fold by or by the Order of any fuch principal Officer or CQmmiffioner at any fuch Foreign Station, of fuch and the fame or the like Tenor and Effed, and that the fame Certificates fo to be granted as aforefaid (hall be in all Places of fiich and the fame Force and Effed as Certificates under the Hands of Three or more of the principal Officers and Commiffioners of the Navy in Eng-land are of, tor any fuch Stores or Goodl fold by or by the Order of the faid Commiffioners in England.

CAP.

A.D. 1816.

*6° GEO. III.

C. 81,82.

445

CAP. LXXXI.

An A £t to alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.

[25th June 1816.]

WHEREAS bv an A& palled in the Fiftieth Year of His 500.3. c.40* prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for difcontinuing 4 tie Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Draw*

4 book of a Proportion of the Duties paid on tbs Importation of Foreign 4 Brimfioue ufed in mating Oil of Vitriol j it is enaCted, that every $ *•

* Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol intending to claim any Drawback * or Repayment under the above recited A6t (hall make an Entry of * his Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of the Cuftoms of 4 the Port within or neareft to which his Work lhall be carried on,

* and lhall once in every Month enter in a Book to be kept for that

« Purpofe an Account of the whole Quantity of .Foreign Brim (tone

4 ufed and confumed in his Manufactory within the preceding

* Month; and at the End of the Year, to be computed from the

* Date of fuch Entry as aforefaid, lhall deliver the laid Account to

< the Collector of the Cuftoms with whom he lhall have made fuch

< Entry as aforefaid : And Whereas it has been found by Experience

• that Difficulties arife in delivering fuch Account at the End of the

* Year Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Molt Excellent

Majefty by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing Accounts to be

of this ACt it (hall and may be lawful for the Manufacturers of Ou delivered within

of Vitriol to deliver the Account required by the aforefaid recited s*x Months

ACt to the Collector of the Cuftoms with whom thev lhall have made of Year!**”

the Entry as required by the faid recited ACt, witnin Six Months

after the Expiration of the Year, computed from the Date of the

Entry.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That it lhall not be requilite for ln wha5cafe the Manufacturers of fuch Oil of Vitriol after the Firft Entry of his aft*r *7rrt *5”“? Name and Place of Abode to make any further Entry of the fame	n	ry

unlefs any Alteration lhall take Place in the Firm of fuch Manufactory, or where more than One Year has been fuffered to elapfe without manufacturing any fuch Oil of Vitriol, any thing in the before recited ACt to the contrary notwithftanding ; and the Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol lhall be entitled to the like Drawback on the like Conditions, and lhall be liable to the like Forfeitures for delivering . falfe Accounts, as were provided by the aforefaid recited A&.

CAP. LXXXII.

An ACt to render valid the judicial Ads of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Office of Judges of fuch Courts.	[25th June 1816.]

• TXT HE REAS it is requilite that due Validity Ihould be given * VV to the judicial A&s of Surrogates who have executed the 4 Offices of Judges in the Courts of Vice Admiralty eftablilhed in 4 His Majefty’s Plantations and Colonies, during Vacancies occalion-,* cd by the Deaths or Refignatien or other Removals of the faid '

* Judges,

4H

C. 82, 83.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Adts of Surrogates appointed by Judges, or by Governors of Plantations and Colonies, valid.

43 G. 3. c. j6.

44 G. 3. c. 44.

Maflcr of Vel-i'els to enter into £ond not to tike more Paf-fenteri than by Ad allowed.

4 Judge#, or who alfo (hall hereafter execute the fame during fuch ‘ Vacation Be it therefore enadted by The King’# Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all judicial A&s of Surrogates having been appointed to a& as Judges during fuch Vacancies, either by Judges of the faid Courts previoufly to their Removal, or, in Default of fuch Appointment, by the Governors of the Plantations and Colonies in which fuch Courts (hall be, (hall have the fame Force and Validity, and (hall be fubjedt to the fame Courfc of Appeal, as if the faid Adis had been done by the Authority of Judges regularly appointed by the Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Aft for regulating the carrying of Paffengers to and from 1 the Ifland of Newfoundland and Coaft of Labrador.

/	[25th	June	1816.]

WHEREAS an A& was pafTed in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for regulat-4 ing the Vejfels carrying Paffengers from the United Kingdom to Hit 4 Majejly’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts,

4 with refpeS to the Number of fuch Paffengers : And Whereas an * Aa was pafTed in the Forty fourth Year of His faid Majefty*#

4 Reign, to exempt Veffels in the Newfoundland Trade from the 4 Provifion8 of the above recited A& of the Forty third Year of His 4 prefent Majefty’s Reign, whereby the Conveyance of Paffengers 4 from the United Kingdom to Newfoundland and Labrador is no , 4 longer fubjedt to any legal Provifiona : And Whereas it is expedient 4 to make fpecial Regulations for the Intercourfe between the-United 4 Kingdom and the Idand of Newfoundland and Co^ft of Labrador,

4 fo far as regards the Conveyance of Paffengers and the providing 4 them with proper Accommodation, and an adequate Supply of 4 Water and Provifions 5’ Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Mod; Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That before the failing of any Ship or Veffel from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to Newfoundland or the Coaft of Labrador, with Paffengers, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of every fuch Ship or Veffel, and the Owner or Owners thereof, (hall enter into Security by Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs _ and Succeffors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there (hall not be taken on board any fuch Ship or Veffel any more fuch Paffengers than are hereinafter permitted and allowed ; which Bond (hall be taken by and depofited with the Colledtor and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms at the Port from which fuch Ships or Veffels (hall fail; and the Mafter or other Perfon, having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel previous to his leaving the faid Port, (hall and is hereby required to deliver to the faid Cofledtor and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms at the (aid Port, a Lift containing the Number of the (aid Paffengers, with their Names,

Ages

56® GEO. III.

C.83.

445

Ages and Defcriptions, Tor the Purpofe of being regiftered at fitch Lift of Paffen-

Port, together with a Copy of the fame, which Copy (hall be certified E-r* delivered

by the faid Officers as being correA and true, and deliver to the 10 Colledor.

Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command

of fuch Ship or Veffel to be by him kept on board the faid Veffel,

and fubjeA to the InfpeAion ot any of His Majefty’s Ships of War

or Veflels in the Service of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife, during

his Voyage to Newfoundland and the Coaft of Labrador ; and upon On Arrival Copy

the Arrival of fuch Ship or Veffel at either of the aforefaid Places, of Lift delivered

the faid Mailer, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or lo 1 c Govcrnor®

Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, (hall deliver the aforefaid Copy of

the Lift to the Governor of fuch Place or other Perfon aAing for

him, or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the

Port of Arrival, or to the neareft Juftice of the Peace, who lhall be

required to examine the Paffengers within Twenty four Hours after

their Arrival; and no fuch Paffenger as aforefaid (hall be allowed Landing Paf-

to land until fuch Lift is compared with the Paffengers by the Go- fenger*.

veraor or other Perfon aAing for him, or fome Perfon authorized by

either of them for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That if the Mailer or other Perfon Takir.* more having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, l^J*n dumber (hall take or have on board his Ship or Veffel, or if the Owner or * W€ * Owners of fuch Ship or Veffel (hall engage to take on board more

Perfons than the Number allowed, they fhall refpeAively forfeit the Penalty.

Sum of Ten Pounds for each Perfon fo taken or engaged to be taken on board.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the paffing Number of Psf*

of this AA it (hall not be lawful for any Ship or Veffel from any	allowed

Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from	ghi‘ng t0

Guernfey and Jerfey, to carry to any Part of Newfoundland or Coaft of Labrador a greater Number of Paffengers than in the following Proportion ; that is to fay, any Britijb Ship or Vefifl having a Second Deck may take Paffengers at the Rate of One for every unoccupied Space being Six Feet in Length by Two Feet in Breadth, and being of the full perpendicular Height between the Two Decks; or any Britifh Ship or Veffel which (hall have only One Deck over her Hold may take Paffengers at the Rate of One for every Space between the Cargo flowed in the Hold and the Deck, being Six Feet in Length and Two Feet in Breadth, and being the Height of Five Feet perpendicular above the Cargo, and being independent in either cafe of the Space which may be requisite for the Stowage of the Water and Provifions and Baggage of the Paffengers, and the full Space before mentioned (hall accordingly be allotted for the Accommodation of each Paffenger fo taken on board.

IV.	And be it further enaAed, That every fuch Ship or Veffel (hall be furnifited at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage, with at lead Ten Weeks’ Supply of good and wholefome •Water, fo as to furnifh a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every fuch Paffenger, exclufive of the Crew, and the faid Supply of Water (hall be flowed below the Deck ; and every fuch Ship or Veffel (hall alfo be furnifhed with fuch a Supply of Provifions as will afford an Allowance for every fuch Paffenger, exclufive of the Crew, during the faid Period of Ten Weeks, o? One Pound of Bread or Bifcuit and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound of

Pork

Quantity of Provifions to be on board.

426

C7&

56* GEO. Ill,



(

(

i

:

i



!

i

i



'











AJX 1816,

M" GEO. III.

C.83,04.

447

Surrogate Court or Courts of Seffion, having Jurifdi&ion in the I {land of Newfoundland i and fuch lad mentioned Penalties and Forfeitures as mall be recovered in Newfoundland (hall be paid to the Governor of Newfoundland for the time being, or other Perfon acting for him, or fome Perfon authorized by either of them for that Purpofe; to be applied under the Diredion of fuch Governor or other Perfon a&ing for him, or fome Perfon authorized by either of them for that Purpofe, for defraying the Pafiage home of fuch Per*

Tons as ought to be fent to that Country to which they belong.

XI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in A& not to af-this A& contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to the Convey-Conveyance of any Perfons on board of any fuch Ship or Veflel, «ncc °f Perfon* whether Fithermen, Youngfters or others, being Hired Servants to be	*

employed on the Edabliihment of their refpe&ive Mailers or Hirers in the Profecution of the Fifheries carried on from Newfoundland or the Coad of Labrador•

CAP. LXXXIV.

An AQt for the better Accommodation of His Majefty's Packets within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Hland of Anglejea; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping . therein.	[25th June 1816.]

*	TI7HEREAS the Pier within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the

*	* * Ifland of Anglefea, has been eredted at the Public Expence,

*	chiefly for the Accommodation and fafe lying of His Majcdy’s

*	Packets s And Whereas great Inconvenience has arifen, in confe-

*	quence of the occafionally crowded State of the Harbour, and the

*	Want of Regularity in mooring the Veffels therein Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Logds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the pafiing of this Adi it (hall Poftmaften and may be lawful for His Majedy’s Podmader or Podmaders Ge- Gen?ral may nendot Great Britain (with the Confent and Approbation,of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer) ur 3 er’ from time to time, to appoint a Perfon to adl as Harbour Mader

within the faid Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Mailer fo appointed, and to appoint another in his room or dead as they (hall fee fitting.	•

II. And be it further enadled, That every fuch Harbour Mader Power of Hat-(hall have full Power and Authority to direa the mooring, unmoor- bour rag, moving aad removing of all Ships or other Veflels, coming into, lying or being in the faid Port or Harbour of Holyhead, or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Diftance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the bid Harbour; and to appoint and segulate the time or times, and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or frm fuch Harbour, fave and except an ftormy or tempeftuous Weather; and to regulate and determine the Petition of fuch Ships and other Veffels; and in cafe any Owner,

Mader or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of any fuch Ship or other Veflel (hall refufe or negie€t to moor, unmoor, place, more or remove his Ship or Veflel according to fuch Dire&ion, immediately whan Notice to him or them (had he given or left with any

Perfon

428

C.78.

56° GEO. III.

Surplus to Paper Maker.

Frovifa

Engiues, fcc. and Paper found in Mill, ,

liable for Duty and Penalties.

In Queftxms as to Clift to which Paper belongs, Proof on Owner.

Paper, &e. fraud endy concealed.

4A

and if after die Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties d < fuch Paper Maker, together with the Cofta and Expencei < 3 Taking, Didraining and Sale, there fhall be any Surplus arifil , the SJe thereof, fuch Surplus (hall be forthwith tendered and fuch Paper Maker or his Representatives: Provided alwi when any of the Articles aforefaid (hall be fo taken and & j it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Paper Maker, or 1is fentatives, at any time or times before the time appointed for® thereof, to require the fame to be delivered up to him or thl® his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in charge as 4ft towards difeharging the Duties fo due and payable, together® Cofts and Expences as aforefaid, the real Value of fuch Arfl he or they (hall defire to have delivered up, and the fame ■ delivered up accordingly.	I

XLV. And be it enaded, That all Engines, Vats, Wet 9 and Uteniils for making any kind of Paper in icy U31, a® Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Shearing or She® Paper, and Glazed Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, si the Materials for making thereof, which (hall be found inn Mill, or into whofe Hands foever the fame (hall come, and by t ever Conveyance or Title the fame (hall be claimed, (hall br® and fubjed to, and the fame refpedively are hereby made cbJ with all Duties in Arrear, and owing by die Paper Maker d® fuch Mill, or which (hall be in Arrear or owing by tdtt Maker, and (hall alfo be fubjed and liable to fatisfy ailh and Forfeitures incurred or which (hall be incurred by ewt Paper Maker for any Offence again ft this Ad or any A ft of in force or to be in force relating to the regulating and feani Colledion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and it (hi may be lawful in al^fuch cafes to levy fuch Duties and Peril all and every fuch Engine, Vat, Wet Prefs and Utenfil, 1 Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheris Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board and Mated any of them, and to ufe fuch Proceedings as may lawfully be in cafe fuch Debtor or Debtors, Offender or Offenders was or the true Owner or Owners of fuch Engine, Vat, Wet Pfl Utenfil, Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed f Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Bofl Materials refpedively.

XLV I. And be it enaded, That if any Quefbon dull whether any Paper is really and bona Jide of or belonging t Clafs marked, written or printed on tne Cover or Wrapper taining the fame, although fuch Paper fhould appear to have entered or kept in the Officer’s Book or Books as being of c longing to fuen Clafs, the Proof of fuch Paper being really and jide of and belonging to the Clafs marked, written or printed <* Cover or Wrapper containing the fame, fhall lie upon the OwtfJ Claimer of fuen Paper, and not on the Officer or Officers.

XLVII. And be it enaded, That in cafe any Paper, Pafteboard Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathicg Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made in Ireland^ dull be fraudulently deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Plats whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majefty of any of tie Duties impofed thereon, all fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard,

Scale-

56* GEO. III.

C. 85*

449

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of In what winner

this Ad it fhall and may, be lawful for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms	??c,*ures

and Port Duties, and for the Commiflioners of Inland Ezcife and pofe(j *f U" Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them refpedively, and they are P

hereby authorized in cafes appertaining to the Cuftoms or Excife refpedively, to dired any Foreign Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, which fhall be feized, and fhall be condemned as forfeited under any Alt or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Cufloms or Excife, to be fold either for Home Confumption or Exportation, if under all the Circumftances it fhall appear to the faid Commiflioners refpedively, to be moft conducive to the Protedion of the Revenue fo to do ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners refpedively from time to time to give fuch Diredions for the Removal of any fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and to make fuch Regulations for the afeertaining the Value of fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or to fix any average Value thereof, for the Purpofe of afeertaining the Rewards to which the Informers or Officers or Perfons feizing the fame refpedively may be entitled, and as to the time and manner of paying the fame, as to fuch Commiflioners refpedively fhall feem fitting, and alfo to regulate the Amount and Mode of Diftribution of Rewards to any Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man of His Majefty's Forces, or any Commiffioned Officer, Petty or Warrant Officer, or Seaman of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, as (hall appear to be reafonable, and the time and mode of paying the fame.

III.	And be it further enaded. That the feveral Rewards herein- Rewards for after mentioned (hall be paid and allowed for and in refped of all Seizures, how Seizures of Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, which (haul be made aPJ»rt,on«d and from and after the pafling of this Ad, that is to fay, in'the cafe of app ,e ' Seizures of fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made at Sea, or in any

Port or Harbour of Ireland\ if the Officer of Cufloms or Excife, or other Perfons making fuch Seizures, fhall alfo arreft, flop and detain the Perfons, or fome or one of them, who fhall be or fhall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veflel or Boat in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff fhall be or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and (hall take or convey, or caufe every Perfon fo arrefted, flopped or detained, to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, or being a Seaman or Seafaring Man found on board-fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat, fhall take and carry him to any Ship or VefTel of War in His Majefty’s Service, or into the Cuftody of any Officer employed in His Majefty’s Imprefs Service, then and in any fuch cafe fuch Officer of the Cuftom6 or Excife, or other Perfon fo making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco orv Snuff, fhall be entitled to and fhall be paid One Moiety of the Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff fhall be or fhall hava^Seen refpedively eftimated or fixed by the faid Commiflioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, or by the faid Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes refpedively, in purfuance of the Powers veiled in them by this Ad ; and in the cafe* of fuch Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made on Shore, if the Officer of Cufloms or Excife, or other Per-

fon making the fame, fhall alfo flop, arreft and detain the Perfons or fome or one of them from whom the fame fhall be feized, and fhall 56 Geo. Ill*	G	g	take

Arrefting Perfons from whom Goods feir.ed.*

C. 85.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1810.

Ship, See. in which Goods were, feized, &c. and not arresting the Perfon.

Share of Officer to Seizure.

Seizing G«>ods, hut not taking the Ship or the Perfon.

Share of Seizure.

take or carry, or catife every Perfon fo arrefted, flopped or detained to be taken or carried before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law, then and in fuch cafe foch Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, or other Perfon fo making feizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, (hail be entitled to and (hall be paid One Moiety of the full Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or (hall have been fo eftimated or nxed as aforefaid; and im the cafe of fuch Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, whether on Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, or other Perfon making the fame, (hall alfo feize and profecute, or caufe to be profecuted, the Ship, Veffel or Boat on board of which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or (hall have been brought, found or feized, or the Cattle or Carriages ufed or employed in moving or conveying the fame, but (hall not alfo flop, arreft and detain the Perfons, or fome or one of them, who (hall be or (hall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or (hall have been brought, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or the Perfons, or fome or one of them, from whom the fame (hall be feized and taken, or carry or caufe all and every fuch Perfons fo flopped, detained or arrefted to be taken or carried before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every fuch cafe the Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, or other Perfon making fuch Seizure, (hall be entitled to and (hall be paid only One Third Part of the Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff (hall be fo eftimated or fixed as aforefaid; and in cafe any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or other Perfon, fhall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and fhall neither feize and profecute, or caufe to be profecuted, the Ship, Veffel or Boat, Cattle or Carriage, in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff fhall be or or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or which fhall be ufed or employed in removing or conveying the fame, nor fhall flop, arreft and detain the Perfon or Perfons, or fome or one of them, who fhall be or fhall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or fhall have been brought, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or carrying fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or from whom the tame fhall be feized or taken, or fhall not carry and convey, or caufe all and every fuch Perfon fo arrefted, (lopped or detained before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, then and in fuch cafe the Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, or other Perfon making fuch Seizure, (hall be entitled to and (hall be paid only One Fourth Part of the Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be fo eftimated or fixed as aforefaid; and in all cafes where any fuch Officers or Perfons (hall feize, within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland> or in any Part of the Irifh Channel, or elfewhere on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coafts of Irt-land> any Spirits which fhall have been funk or concealed under or in the Water within fuch Limits or Diftance, every luck Officer and Perfon fo feiziag fuch Spirits (hall be entitled to and fall be paid One Moiety off the Value at which fuch Spirits ffiaU be fo eftimated or fixed as aforefaid.

IV. And

56° GEO. III.

C.8S.

451

t	IV.	And	be	it further enafted, That fo much of the faid recited

fi	Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, whereby

i	it is enafted, that an Allowance at the Scale fhall be made of Eight

k Pounds for Draft of every Package that (hall contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of Tobacco, or more, and Two Pounds i	for every	fuch Package for Nailage, (hall be and the fame is hereby

i	repealed ;	and that from and after the palling of this Aft, the proper

r Cuftoms Landing Waiter and Landing Waiters (hall, in the weighing :	and taking Account of all Tobacco and Snuff refpeftively, give the

i	Turn of	the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof (hall

s	allow Two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and no more for Draft

of every Package which (nail contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds , Weight, or more, of Tobacco or Snuff refpeftively, any Law, Ufage k or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

.	V.	And	be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of

this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms ,	and Port Duties in Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland

,	of Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee, at any fuch Ports or

r Places in Ireland as the faid Commiffioners (hall think fit, under and fubieft to fuch Regulations and Reftriftions in other Refpefta as .Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee may by Law be imported into Ireland; provided it (hall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, that fuch Port or Place is, with refpeft to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port or Place at which it would be juft and rea-fonable to permit fuch Importation.

VI.	And be it enafted, That from and after the palling of this A ft it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, to permit all Staves of Wood not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thicknefs, being of the Growth and Produftion of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Produftion of Eafl or JVeJl Florida, and imported from thence refpeftively into Ireland, on Payment of One Third Part only of the ieveral Duties of Cuftoms charged on Staves in and by an Aft made in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to grant to Hit Majejly Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise y imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties ; and in and by an Aft made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Aft to impofe certain Duties on the Import• at ion 9 and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into andfrom Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood ; and to indemnify Per font who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry, on Payment*of a Proportion only of the Duty impofed thereon, and the Schedules to the faid Afts refpeftively annexed; any thing in the (aid recited Afts or either of them, or in the Schedules thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wife not-with {landing.

VII.	And, for the better fecuring the Collection of the Duties payable on Auftions in Ireland, be it further enafted, That upon the Trial of any Complaint or Information againft any Auctioneer (who fhall have delivered or caufed to be delivered, or who fhall deliver or caufe to be delivered anv Catalogue of any Sale by Auftion, intended to be held by fuch Auctioneer) for the Recovery of any

G g 2	Penalty

46 G. 3. c.87. $ 98. repealed.

Allowance.

Commiffioners of Cuftoms may permit Importation of Tobacco, Spirits, See. into any Irifh Port.

Staves not exceeding 1$ Inches thick of the United States, Stc. may be imported on Payment of One Third of the Duties under

54	G. 3. €.129. and

55	G. 3. c. 14.

Auctioneers to prove no Sale took place under Catalogue iu any A&ion for Non Delivery of Sale Accounts

J

56* GEO. III.

A.D.V

Seizure if Permit be not produced.

Provifo.

On Trial for Forfeiture, Proof to lie on Claimant.

Fiditiout Names or Places in-ferted in Permit; Expiration of time.

Seixure and Forfeiture.

Time for Permit to W in force.

C.78.

Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheaii Sheathing Paper, Button, Paper or Button Board, therein men are intended to be carried, and (hall particularly exprefs the > Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination of Paper, Paftd Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Ska Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as theft commonly and ufually called and known, fo intended to be cm under fuch Permit, and fhall likewife contain the real Nar| Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Paper Maker, and lb I ation of his or her Mill or Manufa&ory, and the real Nor I Surname and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons to rimJ the Place or Places to which fuch Piper or Pafteboard, Mix Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Piper, ft Paper or Button Board, as aforefaid, is intended to be lent; t every fuch Permit fhall be exprefled and fet forth the Date oi Month and Year when fuch Paper or Pafteboard, Millboard, & board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button P or Button Board, was weighed and charged with Duty by Officer ; and if any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Pafteboard, J board, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing ft Button Paper or Button Board, fhall be conveying or cairyi^ carried or conveyed, from the Mill or Manuta&ory of any Pi .Maker, the fame fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by uyQi of Excife, unlefs the Carrier or Perfon conveying the fame, m I Perfon in whofe PofTeffion the fame fhall be, fhall, on Demi* by any Officer of Excife, produce a Permit under the Huidl proper Office# of Excife, authorizing the Removal of fudty Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Siwag Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, refpedivdy, upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of auyf Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheat or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board refpedw which fhall be found conveying or conveyed without foch retail aforefaid, the Proof of the Perfon from and to whom, and the PI from and to which fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaiebo or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper Button Board, as aforefaid refpe&ively, fhall be conveying era veyed, fhall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not«4 Officer or Perfon profecuting fuch Information; and in aft * fi£ritious Name or Names, or the Name of any Perfon frea or whom fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Gin Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Bott Board, as aforelaid, mentioned in any Permit, fhall not be intend to be fent, fhall be inferted in any Permit or Permits, or in cafef# Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Skt® or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board as fhall be delivered from or to any other Perfon or from or at an other Place than from or to the Perfon or from or at the Ph< mentioned in the Permit, fuch Paper, Pafteboard, Scaleboard, Mi board or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Pap or Button Board as aforefaid, mentioned in fuch Permit, fhall I forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife; iodine* fuch Permit fhall be likewife mentioned fome reafontble limited for fuch Permit bring in force for the Conveyance of the P*i*

13	ft®

AiD. 1816.

56°QEO. 111.

C. 85, 86.

453“

and Port Duties in Ireland, to admit to Entry and Importation from Great Britain into Ireland\ free of Duty, any Gold or Silver Plate, or Printed Books bound, being the Private Property of any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland\ and being for the private Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and not for Sale, under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties (hall from time to time think fit to make in that behalf; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

. X. And be it further enafted, That on the Trial of any Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding whatever, for any Penalty or Forfeiture for or on account of any Offence, matter or thing incurred or committed againft or concerning any of the Provifions of any Aft or Afts in force, or hereafter to be in force, relating to any of the Revenues, matters or things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or either of them, where it may be neceffary to prove any Perfon afting as a Sub Commiffioner, or as an Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or as an Officer afting under or employed by the faid Commiffioners refpeftively, an attefted Copy of the Regiftry or Entry of the Commiffion or Appointment of fuch Sub Commiffioner or Officer in any of the Books of or belonging to the faid Commiffioners refpeftively, or in any of the Books of the Colleftor of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes for the Diftrift within which fuch Perfon afted as a Sub Com-miffioner or other Officery figned by the Secretary, or Perfon afting as Secretary, to the faid Commiffioners refpeftively, by the Cbllcftor of Cuftoms andPort Duties, or Colleftor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrift, or other Officer in charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrift within which fuch Perfon afted as aforefaid, or figned by any Perfon employed by and in the Office of fuch Colleftor of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or Colleftor of Inland Excife and Taxes, or other Officer in charge as aforefaid refpeftively, (hall be admitted as fufficient Evidence that fuch Perfon was duly appointed and was a Sub Commiffioner or other Officer, without producing the Commiffion or Appointment by which fuch Perfon was appointed; and that when it may be neceffary to give in Evidence before any Court in Ireland, any Decree, Order or Proceeding of the Commiffioners of Appeals in Revenue cafes in Ireland, a true Copy of any fuch Decree, Order or Proceeding, attefted by their Regiftrar for the time being, (hall be admitted as fufficient Evidence as if the original Decree, Order or other Proceeding of the faid Commiffioners of Appeal were produced and proved.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Aft for eftablilhing Regulations refpefting Aliens arriving in or refident in this Kingdom, in certain cafes, for Two Years from the paffing of this Aft, and until the End of the Selfion of Parliament in which the faid Two Years (hall expire, if Parliament lhall be then fitting. [26th June 1816.]

•	YT7 HE REAS it is expedient that Provifion fhould be made

*	VV # for eftablifhing Regulations refpefting Aliens arriving in < this Kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes Be it enafted

G g 3	by

imported from Great Britain to Ireland, Duty free.

Attefted Copy of Regiftry of Appointment of Sub Commiffioners or cf Officers of Cuftoms or Excite, fufficient Evidence.

Copy of Decree, See. of Coinmiflionen of Appeals, Evidence of Original Decree, Sic.

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1816.

Aliens not departing this Realm, when ordered by Pro-danution^c.

committed to Gaol.

Aliens difobey-ing Proclamations, &c.

Penalty.

Aliens may be given in charge, by Warrant of a Secretary of State, to be conveyed out of the Kingdom:

But if fufficient Realon bo

by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That when and fo often as His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, (hall by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council, of that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, (hall by Proclamation or by Order of Council, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within this Realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, fhall depart this Realm within a time limited in any fuch Proclamation or Order refpe&ively, and any fuch Alien fhall knowingly and wilfully refufe or negleA to pay due Obedience to fuch Proclamation or Order refpeftively, or fhall be found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to fuch Proclamation or Order, as the cafe may be, it fhall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Juftice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Place, to caufe every fuch Alien to be arrefted, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or fhe fhall be fo arrefted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or fhe fhall be taken in charge for the Purpofe of being fent out of the Realm under the Authority hereinafter given for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Alien fo knowingly and wilfully refufing or negle&ing to pay due Obedience to any fuch Proclamation or Order as aforefaid, or being found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to fuch Proclamation or Order, and who fhall be lawfully convi&ed thereof in His Majefty’s Courts of King’s Bench in Wejlminflcr or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or Great Seffions in Wales* or Court of Jufticiary in Scotland, may, at the Discretion of fuch Courts refpe&ively, be adjudged to fufier Im-prifonment for any time not exceeding One Month lor the Firft Offence, and not exceeding Twelve Months for the Second and any fubfequent Offence.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any One of His Maiefty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, in any cafe in which he or they fhall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any fuch Proclamation or Order as aforefaid, or in any cafe when any Alien fhall have been arrefted or committed for Refufal or Negled to obey any fuch Order, or (hall have been convi&ed of fuch Refu&l or Negle&, and either before or after fuch Alien fhall have fuffered the Punifhment in Aided for the fame, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to give fuch Alien in charge to One of His Majefty’s Meffengers, or to any other Perfon or Perfons to whom he fhall think proper to dire& fuch Warrant, in order to his or her being condu&ed out of the Kingdom, and fuch Alien fhall be fo conveyed accordingly: Provided always, that where fuch Alien (not having been convi&ed as aforefaid) ihall alledge any Excufe for not complying

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. Ill*

C. 86.

4 51

with fiich Proclamation or Order, or any Reafon why fuch Proclamation or Order (hould not be enforced, or why further time ihould be allowed him for complying therewith, k (hall be lawful for the Lords of His Majefty’s Privy Council, in Great Britain or Ireland, to judge of the Sufficiency of fuch Excufe or Reafon, and to allow or difallow the fame either abfolutely or on fuch Conditions as they (hall think fit; and where fuch Alien (hall be in Cuftody under fuch Warrant of any of His Majefty’s Secretaries of State as aforefaid, the Meffenger or other Perfon in whole Cuftody he (hall be, forthwith upon its being fignified to him that fuch Excole or Reafon is alledged by fuch Alien, make known the fame to the faid Secretary of State, who, upon receiving fuch Notification, or m any cafe m which he (hall be informed that any fuch Excafe or Reafon is alledged by or on behalf of any Alien under Proclamation or Order to quit the Realm, (hall forthwith fufpend the Execution of fuch Proclamation or Order until the matter can be determined by the (aid Lords of His Majefty’s faid Privy Council, and fuch Alien, if in Cuftody under any fuch Warrant, (hall remain in fuch Cuftody until the faid Lords (hall have fignified their Determination thereon, unlefs in the mean time the faid Secretary (kail confer* to, or the faid Lords (hall make Order for the Releafe of fuch Alien, either with or without Security.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Mafter or Commander of every Ship or Veffel which (hall arrive in any Port or Place of this Realm, mall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to any Infpe&or of Aliens appointed by His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State, refident at or near fuch Port or Place, or where no fuch Infpe&or (hall be fo appointed and refident, to the CoHe&or or Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at or near fuch Port or Place, whether there are or is, to the beft of his Knowledge, any Alien or Aliens on board his faid Veffel, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom at any Port or Place within tins Realm ; and fhall in his faid Declaration fpecify the Number of Aliens (if any) on board his faid VefW, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been lo landed therefrom, and alfo fpecify their Names and refpe£rive Rank, Occupation or Description, as far as he fhall be informed thereof.

V.	And be k further eaa&ed. That the Mafter or Commander of every Ship or Veffel fo arriving as aforefaid, who fhall refufe or nejrieA to make foch Declaration as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Alien who fhall have been on board at the time of the Arrival of fuch Ship or Veffel, or who fhall have, to his Knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom as aforefaid, whom he fhall wilfully have refilled or negle&ed to declare as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Mafter or Commander as aforefaid fhall negle& or refufe forthwith to pay fuch Penalty as he fhall be adjudged to pay in manner aforefaid, it fhaH be lawful for fuch Inlpe&or of Aliens as aforefaid, or for any Officer of the Cuftoms, as the cafe may be, to detain fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, ufed in landing the lame as aforefaid, until the fame (hall have been paid.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing hereinbefore contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any

G g 4	Mariner

given for not complying with Proclamation, See. Privy Council may allow fame.

MeflVnger, &c.

in fuch cafe to fufpenJ the Execution of Proclamation.

Mafter* of Vef-fels on Arrival, to declare in Writing to In-fpe&or of Aliens or Officer of Cuftoms, Number of Aliens on board, fpecify iug Names and Ds-feriprious.

Matters neglecting to make fuck Declaration. Penalty.

Ship, Ac. detained.

ProVifo for Mariners cef*

436

C. 78.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Paper to have Date of Year in the Water Mirk.

Notice of Quantity of Paper printed, dec.

Scales and Weight* to he provided.

Notice when Impreffion printed off.

Officers to attend and infpedi dec. and give Certificate.

Oath to ceetatn Particulars.

refpeftively authorized to receive the fame, a Drawback or I ance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all fuch Paper fo u afore laid, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter men and expreffed: Provided always neverthelefs* that nothing in thi contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend toe the faid King’s Printer, or any Perfon or Perfons whatever on & half, to any fuch Drawback or Allowance for or in refpefi d fuch Paper ufed in the Printing any fuch Bibles, Teftamenti, f Books or Books of Common Prayer, unlefs the faid Piper I have vifible in the Subfiance thereof a Mark, commonly dh Water Mark, of the Date of the ppefent Year of our Lord ooetl fand eight hundred and (ixteen in Figures, or of fome fubfq Year of our Lord; nor unlef9 the Manager of the Prefs of i King’s Printer (hall, at lead Forty eight Hours before any i Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cade to be gj to the Surveyor of Excife of the Di drift a Notice in Writing the Intention to print fuch Paper, fpecifying in fuch Notice I Number of Reams or Bundles of fuch Paper fo intended to printed, and whether the fame is to be printed for Bibles,Tdbnn Pfalm Books or Common Prayer Books, and of what Size foe tended Impreffion or Edition thereof is to confift; nor unlefs all & Paper (hall on the Attendance of fuch Surveyor or fome other Oft of Excife, be produced to fuch Surveyor or Officer incloWit original Covers or Wrappers in which fuch Paper was charpiri Duty with the Impredion of the Officer’s Stamp, and his Dub and Surname, and the Date of the Charge of the Duty rift 4 Clafs of fuch Paper, and the feveral matters hereinbefore prefab aad direfted to be marked, written or printed, remaning on ft1 Covers or Wrappers refpeftively ; nor unlefs fuch Chief Manager the Prefs of fuch King’s Printer (hall provide good and fuller Scales and Weights, and (hall permit and affid fuch Officer to ( the fame for the Purpofe of ascertaining the true Quantity * Weight of fuch Paper; nor unlefs the Chief Manager of the Pii of fuch King’s Printer (hall in like manner, within One M« next after the whole of fuch Impreffion or Edition (hall hare k printed off, dried and' finifhed, give or caufe to be given t Surveyor of Excife of the Didnft Forty eight Houri* Not Writing of fuch Impredion or Edition being primed off, dm finifhed, and thereupon fuch Surveyor or fome other Officer d cife (hall attend and infpeft, examine and weigh the whole of Impreffion or Edition, unbound and in Sheets, and (hall there give and deliver to fuch Chief Manager of the Prefs of The K Printer a Certificate in Writing of his hating fo done, fpedi therein the Name of fuch Book, together with the Size thereof, the Number of Copies of which fuch Impreffion or Edition cos and the Weight of the Paper on which the fame is printed; b fuch Weight (hall exceed the Weight of the Paper aftually i*«l to and taken account of by the proper Officer previous to foe p ing thereof as aforefaid, then and in fuch cale fuch Weight, vious to the printing thereof, (hall be inferted in fuch Certificate, the Allowance (hall be made for no greater Quantity or WrigM the Weight fpecified in fuch Certificate, any thing herein conti to the contrary notwithffanding: Provided alfo, that no foeftj lowances (hall be made for or in refped of any fuch Piper ofa

.D .m

56° GEO. III.

C. 78.

487

bepribgzoj fuch Bibles, Testaments, Pfelra Books or Books of !«m Prayer, unlefs the Chief Manager of the Prefs of fuch Ef*; footer (hall make and fubferibe, on the Back of fuch Cer-San Oath in Writing before the faid Commiffioners of Inland fefcud Taxes, or any Two or more of them, (which Oath they rhid Commiffioners are hereby authorized and empowered to ad* sfer,) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper a&ually made of in the printing of anv fuch Impreffion or Edition of the It, Te (lament, Pfadm Book or Book of Common Prayer, as the ■ may require, and that fuch Chief Manager of The King’s Printer eves that all Duty by Law impofed for or in refpeti of fuch pr M in the printing of fuch Impreffion or Edition has been ly pud, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before imed or paid for or in refpeft of fuch Paper or any Part thereof, [that the whole of the Impreffion or Edition of fuch Bible, Tefta-Bt, Pfilm Book or Book of Common Prayer, has been printed The King's Printer at his ufual and ordinary Printing Houfe on or their own Account, under and by virtue of the exclufive :ent. Authority or Privilege belonging to him as fuch King’s after, and for his foie and entire Benefit, Profit, Emolument and

dvactage.

LIX. Asd be it ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for any afoo to export as Merchandize from Ireland any Paper made in iiaJj upon which Paper all Duties chargeable by Law (hall have a duly paid and fatisfied, and under, fubje& and according to fuch lies, Regulations, Reftridtions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and For-xura, (o far as the fame refpedtively are applicable thereto, as are nded by any A & or A&a for obtaining a Drawback on the Ex* ortation of any Article or thing fubjedt to a Duty of Excife ; and ich Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, (hall moreover make Oath Mhekbcm that the Duties of Excife impofed on fuch Paper in fpedo/ the Quality and Weight thereof, or a Sum or Suras equal Amount to (uch Duties, have been fully paid for fuch Paper, and ereupoo a Drawback of the Duty fo paid (hall be allowed, on the d faenl Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Provifions, Fines, Pe-ilties and Forfeitures, as far as the fame refpe&ively are applicable enrto, (hall be in full Force, and (hall be and the fame are hereby med to be obferved, pradtifed, applied and put in Execution, upon :h Exportation of any fuch Paper, as fully and effectually to all tents and Forpofes as if the fame refpe&ively had been reenadted this Ad.

LX. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled, That nothing in this & contained (hall extend or be deemed to extend to entitle any rfon to an? fuch Drawback for any fuch Paper, unlefs the Officer Excite who (hall attend to fee fuch Paper packed up in order be exported, (hall then find fuch Paper inclofed io the Cover or ripper io which the fame was charged with Duty with the Im-reffioo of the Officer’s Stamp, and his Name and Surname, with the kt of the Charge of the Duty on fuch Paper, and the Clafs together with the feverai matters hereinbefore prescribed and 'ireded to be marked, written or printed, remaining on fuch Cover r Wrapper; and that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer rho Hall attend to fee fuch Paper packed up as aforefaid, and fuch )£<;er is hereby required to take off or to fee taken off all and every F f 3	the

Piper made in Ireland may be exported from Ireland.

Drawback.

Drawback not allowed unleft Officer find Pd per inclofed in Wrapper* in which lame was charged with Duty, &c.

45*

C.86.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.lSlff.

Aliens (except Dome ft ic Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magistrate of the Place, or to a Juftice.

Where Certificate loft, to deliver in an Account •f Particulars.

PonKhment.

Mayors, &c. may detain Aliens, and trsnfmit to Secretary of State an Account of Proceedings.

Keafons for Detention to be ftated.

Alien who (hall have made fuch Declaration, or delivered fuch Particulars, according to the Provifions of this Aft; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of fuch Book, (hall alfo enter or caufe to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in refpeft of whom fuch Entries (hall be made therein as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the palling of this Aft, except luch Domeftic Servants as aforefaid, (hall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which (hall be expreifed in the Certificate delivered to him or her as aforefaid, as the Place to which he or (he propofes to go, produce fuch Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens* Office in Crown Street9 Wejlminjlcr, or to the Chief Magiftrate of any other Town or Place in which he or (he (hall be; and if there be no Chief Magiftrate in fuch Town or Place, then and in fuch cafe, to fome One of the Juftice8 of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town or Diftrift in which fuch Alien (hall be, or to fuch Perfon or Perfon* as (hall be authorized to that Effeft by fuch Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal; or in cafe fuch Certificate (hall be loft, (hall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that (hall have been contained in fuch Certificate; and that every fuch Alien as aforefaid, who (hall fo negleft or refufe to produce fuch Certificate as aforefaid, or deliver fuch Account as aforefaid, or who (hall wilfully deliver any falfe Account refpefting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Conviftion thereof before any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Diftrift in which fuch Alien (hall be, may be adjudged, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftices for the firft Offence, to fuffer Imprifonment for any time not exceeding One Month.

X.	And be it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Msuefty’s Juftices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, being fpecially authorized by One of His Majefty*6 Principal Secretaries of State, or by fuch Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforefaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Qrder of His Majefty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magiftrate, or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, fo authorized, to caufe any Alien whom he or they (hall have caufe to fufpeft to be a dangerous Perfon, to be taken into Cuftody and examined* and cither to difeharge or detain fuch Alien in Cuftody as (hall appear advifable; and if it (hall appear fit to detain fuch Alien in Cuftody, it (hall be lawful for fuch Mayor, Alderman or Chief Magiftrate, or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals to order fuch Alien to be detained in Cuftody until His Majefty's Pleafure (hall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainariee: Provided nevertheless in every filch cafe, every foch Mayor, Aider-man, Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates Juftice or Juftices, (halt, and be and they is and are hereby direded and required, forthwith to tranfmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching filth Alien, and of the Reafons for which he fhell have thought fit to

detain

A-D.1816,

56° GEO. III.

C. 86,

459

detain fuch Alien, to One of His Majtfty’a Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in order and to the end that His Majefty, or fuch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may deter-nme what may be fit to be done thereon ; and it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, by Warrant under his Sign Mauual, or for fuch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of his Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of fuch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, either to direct that fuch Alien fhall be difcharged or ordered out of the Kingdom.

XI.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Certificate iffued to any Alien by virtue of this AA fhall be left, miflaid or deftroyed, and fuch Alien fhall produce to One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, from the Officers of the Cuftoms fo appointed as aforefaid, at the Port where fuch Alien fhall have arrived, or from the Office of One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate fo loft, miflaid or deftroyed, and fhall make it appear to the SatisfaAion of fuch Juftiee, that he or fhe is the Perfon named in fuch Certificate* and that the fame has been loft, miflaid or deftroyed, without his or her wilful NegleA or Default, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftiee, and he is hereby required, to grant to fuch Alien a frefh Certificate, which fhall be of the like Force and EfFeA as tke Certificate fo loft, miflaid or deftroyed.

XII.	And be it further enaAed, That every fuch Cuftom Houfe Officer (hall forthwith, and every Magi ft rate, or Juftiee to whom any fuch Certificate or Account fhaH be produced or delivered as aforefaid, fhall forthwith, after the fame (hall have been fo produced or delivered as aforefaid, tranfmit if in Great Britain, to One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exaA Copies of all fuch Entries, Certificates and Accounts refpe&ively, made by or delivered to any fuch Cuftom Houfe Officer, Magistrate or Juftiee refpeAively, by virtue of this AA.

XIII.	And be further enaAed, That all Certificates hereinbefore required to be given by any InfpeAor of Aliens, or Officer of the Cuftoms appointed for the Purpofe, or by any Jnftice or Juftices of the Peace, or other Magistrates refpeAively, fhall be given without any Fee or Reward whatsoever; and every fuch InfpeAor of Aliens, or Officer of the Cuftoms, or Magiftrate or Juftiee of the Peace, or other Perfon, who fhall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money, of any AKen, for any Certificate, or other matter or thing under this A A, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and every InfpeAor of Aliens, or Officer of the Cuftoms, appointed for that Purpofe as aforefaid, who fhall refufe or negleA to make any fuch Entry as aforefaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pursuance of the Provifions of this AA, or (hall knowingly make any falfe Entry, or negleA to return the Copies thereof, in manner direAed by this AA, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Warrant for Difcharge, &c. of Alien.

Juftices to grant Certificates in lieu of fucb as (hall appear to be loft, &c.

Officer of Cuftoms and Ma-giftrates to whom Certificates pro* duced, to trauf-mit Copies of Entries and Certificates to Secretary of State,

See,

No Fee for granting Certificates.

Penalty.

Officers negleA* ing to make Entry, or grant Certificates,&c.

Penalty.

XIV. And

56° GEO. III.

Terfon* taking falfe Oaths.

Perjury. Recovery of Penalties in Briiifh Cur* rency. Application.

14 Sc 15 Car. a. (>•)

46 G.3. c. ic6.

Appeal.

Commencement of A61.

AR may be altered, See.

C. 78, 79.

A.D.

or kept, as fully as if fuch matters and things had been repeat expreffed throughout the Body of this Aft.

LX VI11. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon wl take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Ad required taken or made, (hall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm thereon, any fuch Perfon being duly convided thereof (hail the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or 01 Perjury are or (hall be fubjed by any Law in force in IreleU; if any Perfon (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other Patoj Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Oath or Afina any fuch Perfon being duly convided of fuch procuring or fuboi (hall for every fuch Offence incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, feitures. Pains and Difabilities as Perfons con vidied of Subomatit Perjury are refpedively liable unto by any Law in force is Irth

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties aod . feitures under this Ad (hall be paid ami payable in Britifk ( rency, and (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, fued for, recov and applied, in fuch manner and under fuch Powers and Authuri and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules Diredions as are appointed, direded and expreffed for the n vering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad mad Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Maj King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for fettling tlx I* or new Impoft upon His Majefty, his Heirs and Suecejfon, stash to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, had* An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral M t lating to the Revenues, matters and things under the ManegtmnI the Commi/fioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Cmmjm of InlanaExcife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other A or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuf^ and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually to all 1 tents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein repeated and 1 enaded, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party Parties aggrieved, as in and by the (aid recited Ad of the Foa teenth and Fifteenth Years .of His late Majeity King Cbariu tl Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid, is provided.

LXX. And be it enaded, That this Ad (hail commence andah Effed from and after the Fifth Day of Augufi One thouiand hundred and fixteen.

LXXI. And be it enaded. That this Ad may be altered, amcwki or repealed by aoy Ad or Ads to be paffed in this prefent Sdb of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Aft for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Rape Seal Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animal>, and of Fi(h, except Whale Fins, imported into Grot 3ri-tain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25 th Juru 18

*	TT7 HE REAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuita

*	VV payable on the Importation of Rape Seed Cakes, LwW

*	Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifi,

* Wha*

18A6.

56° GEO. III.

C. 79.

**I

f ¥&, into Great Britain, fhould ceafe and determine) and Duties of Cuftoms fhould be impofed in lieu thereof enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and hority of the fame. That from and after the pafling of r feveral Duties of Cuftoms impofed upon the Importation Seed Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other ► sad of Fiih, except Whale Fines, by an A6fc puffed in the Bth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An

*	repealing the federal Duties of Cufioms chargeable in Great fes mad fir granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by an A&

the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An jrmntmg certain additional Duties of Cufioms imported into and tfrom Great Britain, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and ex-all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears r respectively, which may on the pafling of this A& remain un.

•	to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which ive been incurred at any time before the pafling of this Act.

i Aad be it further enatied, That from and after the pafling of . there fhall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His , bis Heirs and Succeffors, upon all Rape Seed Cakes and 1 Cakes imported into Great Britain, a Duty of Cuftoms of ceibrevery Hundred Weight; and upon all Bones of Cattle Animals, and of Filh, except Whale Fins, fo imported, a fo£ Cuftoms of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of : and real Value thereof; which Value {hall be afeertained ac-to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor t Agent, in like manner and Form, and under the Rules, Reftri&ions and Conditions, and fuch Goods fhall be \ wad labile to fuch and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are and dire&ed for ascertaining and collefting Duties to be ding to the Value by an A61 pafled in the Twenty feventh His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8for repealing m aeral Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and granting other Duties r thereof, and for applying the faid Duties, together with the other r eompefing the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Importation 'pertain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufac-the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; far applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer * > Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the RcduQion of the National or by any fubfequent Ad or A61s relative thereto in force on mediately before the pafling of this A&.

SlL And be it further enaded, That the Duties of Cuftoms toted by this A& fhall and may be managed, afeertained, raifed, tied, collected, anfwered, paid and recovered in fuch and the like atner as the Duties on Rape Seed Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of lade and other Animals, and of Fifh, except Whale Fins, hereby repealed, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid and recovered, and the Goods fhall be fubje& md liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftric-:ions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as fuch Goods were fubje£t and liable .0 bj znjACt or A As of Parliament in force on or immediately be-bre the pafling of this A61.

*	IV.	And

Duties impofetf on Rape Seed

Cakes, Sec. by 49 G-3- c.*8. Sch. (A.) Inward*, and 53 0-3- c 33-to ceafe, except Arrears.

New Duties be paid.

V 0.3 c.13.

Duties hop levied.

C.79, 80.

56° GEO. III.

A.D

Application of Dudes.

Aft may be altered, &c.

Principal Officers jnd Cun-totillioners of the Navy at Foreign Stations may frant Certificate* of Stores fold by them.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies arifing fi Duties impofed by this A ft, the neceffary Charges of railing counting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to time be pi the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejhninjlcr, and i appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties c toms impofed on the like Goods, under the Head of Pen Duties, were direded to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be i amended or repealed by any Aft or Ada to be made in t\af Selfion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXX.

An Ad to enable the principal Officers and Commiffione His Majefty’s Navy refident on Foreign Stations to Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be fold ijr Officers or Comroiffioners at fuch Foreign Stations.

[2jthJs»iS

4 TT7HEREAS divers falutary Ads of Parliament I 4 V V time to time been palled for preventing the Embezxki « of His Majefty’s Naval Stores and Goods, marked as is ti « mentioned s And Whereas by the faid Ads, or fome of tin 4 principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majefty's Niqa 4 thorized to fell and difpofe of any of the faid Stores or Good 4 marked as aforefaid, and to grant Certificates under theirM

*	the Purchafers of fuch Stores or Goods, as in the faid A&ii 4 tioned : And Whereas the principal Officers and Commftw 4 His Majefty *8 Navy refident on Foreign Stations hate fiept 4 occafion to fell and difpofe of fuch Stores or Goods, and tk I 4 may be brought by the Purchafers thereof into this Kingdom; 4 fuch Commiffioners on Foreign Stations not having the hr 4 grant Certificates to the Purchafers of fuch Stores or Good

*	their having purchafed the fame, or the Certificates granted hr

*	Commiffioners refident on Foreign Stations not being of id: 4 the fame Force and Effed as fuch like Certificates granted sJ

*	the Hands of Three or more of the faid Commif&oncr! a J 1 land are of, the Purchafers and Owners of the faid Stom 1 Goods may be endangered by the Poffeffion thereof infsdfi 4 of His Majefty’s Dominions to which the faid Statutes exits For Remedy whereof, be it enaded by The King's Mod Excel Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spin and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afirnb and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after tie pal of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and everr any One of the principal Officer* and Commiffioners

Navy refident on any Foreign Station, to grant Certifiatesuirl or their refpedive Hand or Hands for any fuch Stores or God which (ball hereafter be fold by or by the Order of any fuch prim pal Officer or Commiffioner at any fuch Foreign Station, of fuch J the fame or the like Tenor and Effed, and that the fame Cerdficai fo to be granted as aforefaid /ball be in all Places of fuch and t fame Force and Effed as Certificates under the Hands of Tbm more of the principal Officers and Commiffioners ofthcNmin/f land are of, tor any fuch Stores or Goods fold by or by the Order the faid Commiffioners in England.

C A1

.1818.

86° GEO. III.

449



C. 81,82.

CAP. LXXXI.

49 alter the Period during which Manufa&urers of Oil are to deliver in their Accounts.

[25th June 1816.] jvHEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Fiftieth Year of Hit 50 0.3. c. 40.

*	present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for difconttnning

JUnify	Exportation of Oil of Vitriol,	and allowing a Draw*

Mtf a Proportion oft be Doties paid on the Importation of Foreign •mjhme afed in making Oil of Vitriol; it is eroded, that every f *• aarfaftmer of Oil of Vitriol, intending to claim any Drawback Repayment under the above recited Ad (hall make an Entry of Wt Name and Place of Abode with the Colledor of the Cuftoms of import within or neareft to which hit Work (hall be carried on, al &afl once in every Month enter in a Book to be kept for that -upo£e an Account of the whole Quantity of Foreign Brim done md and contained in his Manutadory within the preceding Loath ; and at the End of the Year, to be computed from the bate of finch Entry at aforefaid, (hall deliver the laid Account to fcueCoUe&nr of the Cuftoms with whom he (hall have made fuch 3ury at aforefaid : And Whereas it has been found by Experience lltDifirakiei arife in delivering fuch Account at the End of the r*? Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent .My by aad with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual I Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled,

IVy the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing Account* to be _ ma Ad it tall and may be lawful for the Manufacturers of Cm delivered within

*	Vitriol to deliver the Account required by the aforefaid recited s“ R^,nt.ht .

to the Collector of the Cuftoms with whom they (hall have made ^ yea *FnXKn

*	Entry as inquired by the faid recited Ad, witnin Six Months Mr the Expiration of the Year, computed from the Date of the

■frill. And be it further enaded, That it (hall not be requifite for In wha* cafe k Maonfadurers of fuch Oil of Vitriol after the Firft Entry of his afte/ F*rtt Fmry ^ and Place of Abode to make any further Entry of the fame n^effary! " ** any Alteration (hall take Place in the Firm of fuch Manufac-*7, or where more than One Year has been fnffered to elapfe with-it ttamifaduring any fuch Oil of Vitriol, any thing in the before cited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding ; and the Manufadurers •

Oil of Vitriol (hall be entitled to the like Drawback on the like nations, and (hall be liable to the like Forfeitures for delivering Me Accounts, as were provided by the aforefaid recited Ad.

CAP. LXXXII. a kCt to render valid the judicial Ads of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Office i Judges of fuch Courts.	[2Jth June 1816.]

' Tl* HEREAS it is requifite that due Validity (hould be given ‘ VY to the judicial Ads of Surrogates who nave executed the ' Offices of Judges in the Courts of Vice Admiralty eftablifhed in 1 His Majefty’s Plantations and Colonies, during Vacancies occafion-®d by toe Deaths or ftefignatkm or other Removals of the faid

* Judges,

C. 82, 88.

S69 GEO. III.

A.B

* Judges, or who alfo /hall hereafter execute the fame dun 4 Vacation ;’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft I Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords i and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament al Aft* of Surro- and by the Authority of the fame, That all judicial Ads of pies appointed gates having been appointed to aft as Judges during fuch Vi Governors of * e*l^er W Judges of the faid Courts previoufly to their Reus Plantations and *n Default of fuch Appointment, by the Governors of de Colonies! valid, ations and Colonies in which fuch Courts (hall be, Quill fame Force and Validity, and /hall be fubjeft to the fane On Appeal, as if the faid Ads had been done -by the Astim Judges regularly appointed by the Lords Commiffiooen -Admiralty.

CAP. LXXXIII.

43G.3. c.56.

44 G. 3. c. 44.

Matter of Vef-I'eU to enter into Jtuad not to take more Paf-fenteri than by Ad allowed.

An Aft for regulating the carrying of Paffengers to and the Iflandof Newfoundland and Coa/l of Labrador.

t	[25th	June	1

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft was pa/Ted in the Forty third Y 4 W His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad far 4 ing the Veffels carrying Paffengers from the United JCtn^dm i 4 Majefy’/ Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to For tip I 4 with refpeS to the Number of fuch Paffengers: And Wtea 4 Aft was pa/Ted in the Forty fourth Year of His faid Up 4 Reign, to exempt Ve/Tels in the Newfoundland Trade fas 4 Provifions of the above recited Aft of the Forty third Yard 4 prefent Majefty’s Reign, whereby the Conveyance of Pifc 4 from the United Kingdom to Newfoundland and Labrm 4 longer fubjeft to any legal Provi/ions s And Whereas itisexpe 4 to make fpecial Regulations for the Intercourse between the U 4 Kingdom and the I/land of Newfoundland and Co*ft of Ldr 4 fo far as regards the Conveyance of Paffengers and the pro* 4 them with proper Accommodation, and an adequate Sup}.) 4 Water and Provifions Be it therefore enafted by The K Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prcfaj. liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fa the failing of any Ship or Veffel from any Port or Place a United Kingdom to Newfoundland or the Coaft of Labrakr,1 Paffengers, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Cb or Command of every fuch Ship or Veffel, and the Owner or Of thereof, /hall enter into Security by Bond to His Majefty, bis H and Succeffors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Ow tion that there /hall not be taken on board any fuch Ship or V? any more fuch Paffengers than are hereinafter permitted and alio** which Bond /hall be taken by and depo/ited with the Collar a; Comptroller, or other principal Officer of His Maiefty’i Cufto< at the Port from which fuch Ships or Ve/Tels (hall fan;UM Mafter or other Perfon, having or taking the Charge or Command fuch Ship or Veffel previous to his leaving the faid Port, flail and hereby required to deliver to the faid CoUeftor and Comptroller, other principal Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms at the /aid Port, Lift containing the dumber of the faid Paffengers, with their Name

Agj

'.W16.

56? GEO. III.

C. 83.

445

n ariD&jptions, for the Purpofe of being regidered at fuch Li a of P*fien-Mv^r with a Copy of the fame, which Copy (hall be certified g rn delivered km! Officers as being corre& and true, and deliver to the t0 C'alle<^or' mar other Perfos having or taking the Charge or Command ■flip or Veffel to be by him kept on board the faid Veffel,

■fed to the Infpe&ion ot any of His Majedy’s Ships of War

In in the Service of His Majedy’s Cuftoms or Excife, during

•pge to Newfoundland and the Coad of Labrador ; and upon On Arrival Copy

Inin! of fuch Ship or Veffel at either of the aforefaid Places, of LiftdeGvered

'lid Mailer, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or lo ™ Govcrnor#

nand of fuch Ship or Veffel, (hall deliver the aforefaid Copy of

Lid to the Governor of fuch Place or other Perfon a&ing for

! or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Cudoms at the

; of Arms], or to the neared Judice of the Peace, who (hall be

tired to examine the Paffengers within Twenty four Hours after

r Arrival; and no fuch Paffenger as aforefaid (hall be allowed Landing Paf-

r.d until fuch Lid is compared with the Paffengers by the Go- fsngers,

or or other Perfon a&ing for him, or fome Perfon authorized by

er of them for that Purpofe.

1.	And beit further ena&ed, That if the Mader or other Perfon Takin * more

Mg or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, *^^*uinber

Btakeorbte on board his Ship or Veffel, or if the Owner or * owe *

nen of foch Ship or Veffel (hall engage to take on board more

to dun the Number allowed, they mall refpe&ively forfeit the Penalty.

n of Ten Pounds for each Perfon fo taken or engaged to be taken

board.

HI. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing Number ofPsf-ihtt M it Ihafl not be lawful for any Ship or Veffel from any fcngew slewed bee in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or from	t0

'eenftj and Jerfej, to carry to any Part of Newfoundland or Coad Ldreior a greater Number of Paffengers than in the following uportion; that is to fay, any Britifh Ship or Veflfl having a twd Deck may take Paffengers at the Rate of One for every un-napied Space being Six Feet in Length by Two Feet in Breadth, dbeing of the full perpendicular Height between the Two Decks; f tajBnii/b Ship or Veffel which (hall have only One Deck over r Hold may take Paffengers at the Rate of One for every Space item the Cargo flowed in the Hold and the Deck, being Six Feet Length and Two Feet in Breadth, and being the Height of Five si perpendicular above the Cargo, and being independent in either feofthe Space which may be requisite for the Stowage of the Water dProrifions and Baggage of the Paffengers, and the full Space here mentioned (hall accordingly be allotted For the Accommodation each Paffenger fo taken on board.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Ship or Veffel Quantity of tall be furniflted at the time of her Departure to commence the Provifion* to be with at lead Ten Weeks* Supply of good and wholefome 00 boan*‘ fo as to furniih a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every fuch Paffenger, exclufive of the Crew, and the faid Supply ftiallbe flowed below the Deck ; and every fuch Ship or FeWyialfo be fumifhed with fuch a Supply of Provifions as will afford a Allowance for every fuch Paffenger, exclufive of the Crew, during the laid Period of Ten Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Bifcuft and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound of

Pork

C.83.

56* GEO. III.

Mailer not delivering out Provifions.

Penalty.

Abftraft of Aft ex poled in fome Part of the Ship.

Penalty.

Mailers of Vef-fels returning from Newfoundland, Arc. to conform to Regulations.

VefTeb returning from Newfoundland, &c. to be fumifhed with a certain Supply of Water and Provifions.

Not giving out Allowance of Water and Provisos.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Pork per Day, and alfo Two Pounds of Flour, Three P Oatmeal, or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, an Pound of Butter, weekly ; the weekly Allowance to comi the Day the Veflel puts to Sea.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Mafter or othd having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship cj failing to give out the Allowance of Provifions and Water | fore lpecified, (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawfaj for each and every fuch Negle& and Omiffion.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That an Abftraft of tbi dating the Number of Paflengers allowed to be taken, auddj and weekly Allowance of Water and Provifions, (hall be exjJ fome conspicuous Part of the Ship or Veflel to which the h fengers have Recourfe; in failure of which, the Mailer, d Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fab S Veflel, (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Mafter or other 1 having or taking the Charge or Command of any fuch S Veflel, engaging to take on board any fuch Paffeogen froml foundland or the Coaft: of Labrador, tor the Purpofe of ret from thence to the United Kingdom, (hall conform to the 1 ations above ena&ed as to the Number of Paflengers which it I lawful for them to take on board, and (hall be liable to the kkc. ties for any Breach of fuch Regulations as are hereinbefore a with refpe& to Veffels proceeding from the Uaited KsgA Newfoundland or the Coaft of Labrador•

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Shipod returning from Newfoundland or the Coaft of Labrador to ay or Place of the United Kingdom with Paflengers as aforefud, ft fumifhed, at the time of her Departure to commence the Vo with at lcaft Seven Weeks* Supply of good and whokfome Wat as to furnifh a Supply of Five Pints of Waterier Day for fuch Paflenger, exclufive of the Crew, and the faid Supply off (hall be flowed below the Deck ; and every fuch Ship or Veflel alfo be fumifhed with fuch a Supply of Provifions as will afloi Allowance for every fuch Paflenger, exclufive of the Crev, di the faid Period of Seven Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or ft and One Pound of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Poind of A per Day, and alfo Two Pounds of Flour, Three Pounds ofOas or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half aPoundofl ter, weekly ; the weekly Allowance to commence on the Day Veflel puts to Sea.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Mafter or other Pa having taken the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel, irf to give out the Allowance of Provifions and Water htrtM fpecified, (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful each and every fuch Negle& and Omiffion.

X.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Penalties and Forfeit to be incurred under this A& (hall and may be lecswredht l« mary way on the Oath of One or more Witaefi or Witixfk, kfc any One or more of Hit MajeftyV Juftice or Jufticesof the Fa of any County, County of a Cky, Riding, Shire or Place iad United Kingdom where fuch Skip or Veflel fltafl dejfert (m a coaxe to in or during fuch Voyage, or in a fattumry Way m re

Surra

W GEO. III.

447

C. 83,64.

> CflHrt or Courts of Seffion, having Jurifdiftion in the iMmfonudland; and fuch lad mentioned Penalties aod M “1 be recovered in Newfoundland (hall be paid to the iNewfoundland for the time being, or other Perfon aft-, or fome Perfon authorized by either of them for that \ to be applied under the Direction of fuch Governor or bn afting for him, or feme Perfon authorized by either of rthat Purpofe, for defraying the Paflage home of fuch Per-nght to be feut to that Country to which they belong, i Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in Aft not to af-“r contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Convey-sof any Perfons on board of any fuch Ship or Veffel, ance,of hennen, Youngfters or others, being Hired Servants to be EftablUhraent. * loo the Eftablilhment of their refpe&ve Matters or Hirers »Frofccutioa of the Fittieries carried on from Newfoundland or 7 of Labrador.

CAP. LXXXIV.

> Aflfc for the better Accommodation of His Majefty’s within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Ifland of i; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping

[25th June 1816.]

THE REAS the Pier within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the Ifland of Anglefea, has been erefted at the Public Expence,

6y for the Accommodation and fafe lying of His Majetty’s a; And Whereas great Inconvenience has arifen, in confe-\ of the occafionaUy crowded State of the Harbour, and the l of Regdarity in mooring the VelTels therein 5* Be it there-1 caaftrd by The King’s Mott Excellent Majetty, by and with “ * * e and Confent of the Logds Spiritual and Temporal, and _ in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Autho-lof the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Aft it (hall Poftmaftcrs r be lawful for His Majefty’s Pottmafter or Poftmafters Ge- C5enfral may Great Britain (with the Confent and Approbation, of the

\ for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer) ur 3 er‘

1 tone to time, to appoint a Perfon to aft as Harbour Matter the laid Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Matter fo ap-", and to appoint another in his room or (lead as they (hall fee

I And be k further enafted, That eveij fuch Hartmur Matter Power ofliir-I have full Power and Authority to direft the mooring, unmoor- bour .moving and removing of all Ships or other Veflels, coming into,

‘1 or being in tbe (hid Port or Harbour of Holyhead, or any Pact of, or any Place being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards ftbe Entrance or Mouth of the flud Harbour; and to appoint and late the time or times, and the manner of their Entrance into,

; in or going oat of or (km fuch Harbour, lave and except an r or tempenuous Weather; and to regulate and determine the a of Inch Ships and other Veflela; and ia cafe any Owner, r or other Perlon having the Charge or Command of any fuch j>«r other Veflel ihaH refufe or negieft to moor, unmoor, place,

! **>ve or remove his Ship or Veflel according to fuch Direction, am-"fctfetcJy whoa Notice to him or them Audi be given or left with any

Perfhft

C. 84, 85.

56* GEO. III.

Obftrudin* Harbour M jftcr

Penalty. Recovery of Penalties.

So much of 46 G.3. c. 87.

eed 47 G. 3.

Seif. %. c. 16.

§ 8. directing in what manner Produce of Seizure* of Foreign Spirits or Tobacco (hall be applied, repealed.

A.a

Perfon or Perfons on board of fuch Ship or Veffel for that! every fuch Owner, Maffter or other Perfon (hall for evd Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Harbour Miller Affiilants, and he or his A Hi Hants are hereby required, to ad moor, place, move or remove fuch Ship and Veffel according in cafe any Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other ft Perfons taking charge or command of any Ship or other ft any other Perfon or Perfons whofoever, (hall obftrud or mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any I other Veffel, lying or being m the faid Harbour, or being wil Diftance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Month ofl Harbour, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Perfon orPerfocrfa ing (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Som not ing Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties to be under this Ad fhall be recovered in a fummary manner heft One of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the Cou Anglefea, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Cl and in cafe no fufficient Diflrefs can be had, it fhall and may ful for fuch Juilice of the Peace to commit the Perfon or fo offending to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corrc&ion faid County, for any time not exceeding Six Months, or Fine fhall be paid.

CAP. LXXXV.

An A£l to make further Regulations for fecuring the of the Duties cf Cufloms and Excife in Ireland and Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and Plate and Books from Greqf Britain.	[26th Jutu	ll

*	XT7HEREAS it is expedient to proportion the Ri

*	VV Officers of the Revenue and others making Seii

*	Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, in fome Degree to the A£id ‘ Zeal of the Officers, and the Danger and Rifk incurred in

*	fuch Seizures ;9 Be it therefore enaded by The King’s M( cellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confeot of the Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Pad affembled, and by tbe Authority of the fame, That fo mud< Ad made \p the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefly’sf intituled An A8 more effeSually to regulate the Collision of tk on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported or exported a from Ireland, and tbe Payment of Bounties, Allowance* end D hacks thereonand of an Ad made in the Forty feventh Y< His Majefly>8 Reign, intituled An A8 to grant to His Mejtf the Fifth Dan of July One thoufand eight hundred and (ifa Duties on the Importation % and to allow Drawbacks on the i at ion of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and frt* 1 land, as direds in what manner the Produce arifing by the Sals any Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Foreign Spirits, or of I Tobacco, which fhall be feized and condemned, as being ilk# imported into Ireland\ or attempted or intended fo to be, ihn applied, or as gives any Part of fuch Produce to any Perfon or W fons who fhall leize fuch Spirits or Tobacco, fhall be and the fame* hereby repealed.

II. Ad

.D. 181(1

56* GEO. III.

C. 85.

449

II.	Asfbrit farther ena&ed, That from and after the palling of In what winner

(af A£ I dull and may. be lawful for the Commiffioners ot Cufloms S*,2Utcs rffrt Dories, and for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and	u*

fee [rrhmdt or any Three of them refpe&ively, and they are ** c

mb acthorized in cafes appertaining to the Cuttoms or Excife ■fedy, to direH any Foreign Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, which lie fazed, and fhall be condemned as forfeited under any A6t or hia force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Cuttoms or Ex-, to be fold either for Home Confumption or Exportation, if ball the Circnmftances it fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners ediwly, to be moft conducive to the Prote&ion of the Revenue lodo-, aid it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners refpe&ively n tine to time to give fuch Dire&ions for the Removal of any h Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, and to make fuch Regulations for the mating the Value of fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or to fix average Value thereof, for the Purpofe of afeertaining the Reds to which the Informers or Officers or Perfons feizing the fame le&vely miy be entitled, and as to the time and manner of paying fame, as to fach Commiffioners refpe&ively fhall feem fitting, and a to regulate the Amount and Mode of Dittribution of Rewards any Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man His Majefty*s Forces, or any Commiffioned Officer, Petty or arrant Officer, or Seaman of His Majetty’s Navy or Marines, as II appear to be reasonable, and the time and mode of paying the

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Rewards herein- Rewards for « menrioned (hall be paid and allowed for and in refpeA of all Seizures, how azures of Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, which fhall be made *pj»rtjoned and m and after the patting of this Ad, that is to fay, in'the cafe of appie '

Azores of focb Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff made at Sea, or in any «t or Harbour of Ireland* if the Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, other Perfons making fuch Seizures, fhall alfo arreft, flop and tain the Perfons, or fome or one of them, who fhall be or fhall have en employed in navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board hkh fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff fhall be or fhall hare been wgk, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away th Spirts, Tobacco or Snuff, and fhall take or convey, or caufe fy Perfon fo arreiled. Hopped or detained, to be taken or coned before One or more of His Majetty’s Jufticea of the Peace, to dealt with according to Law, or being a Seaman or Seafaring tn found on board-fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, fhall take and carry i to any Ship or Veffel of War in His Maiefty’s Service, or into Cullody of any Officer employed in His Majefly’s Imprefa Ser-t, then and in any fuch cafe fuch Officer of the Cufloma or Ex-r, or other Perfon fo making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or v [iff, (hall be entitled to and fhall be paid One Moiety of the Value itoch fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff fhall be or fhall hava^een Actively eftimated or fixed by the faid Commiffioners of Cuiloms dPort Duties, or by the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and wtsTdpeftifely, in purfuance of the Powers vetted in them by this d; and in the cafe- of fuch Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff rie on Shore, if the Officer of Cufloms or Excife, or other Peril maiing the fame, fhall alfo Hop, arrefl and detain the Perfons Arrefting Perforce or one of them from whom the fame fhall be feized, and fhall ^ns *°rm wl|ora rrr	i	Goods teired.•

58 Geo. III.	G g	take

C. 85.

56° GEO. III.

Ship, 5rc. in which Goods were, feized, &c. and not arrefting the Pcribn.

Share of Officer in Seizure.

Seizing Goods, hut not taking the Ship or the Perfon.

Share of Seizure.

kni

take or carry, or caufe every Perfon fo arrefted, flopped or deta be taken or carried before One of Hit Majefty9* Juftket of the to be dealt with according to Law, then ana in fach cafc fod cer of the Cuftoms or Excife, or other Perfon fo making (ci Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, {hall be entitled to and ihall bepri Moiety of the full Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco of (hall be or (hall have been fo eftimated or fixed as iforefudjl the cafe of fuch Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, riri Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the Cuftoms or Perfon making the fame, (hall alfo feize and profecute, or aril profecuted, the Ship, Veffel or Boat on board of which fodli Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or (hall have been brought, fouadorfi or the Cattle or Carriages ufed or employed in morisr or cow the fame, but (hall not alfo flop, arreil and detain & Peri* fome or one of them, who (hall be or (hall have ben eopJcjt navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat in or on board which i Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or (hall have beenbroeght, fe or feized, or m unlading, removing or carrying tviy fuch Spa Tobacco or Snuff, or the Perfons, or fome or one of then, f whom the fame (hall be feized and taken, or carry or cade $1 every fuch Perfons fo (lopped, detained or arretted to be tria carried before One or more of His Majefty’s Jufticet of the B to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every fueberi Officer of the Cufloms or Excife, or other Perfon makiogttj zure, (hall be entitled to and (hall be paid only One Thxdlkt the Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff tf It eftimated or fixed as aforefaid; and in cafe any Officer of 04 or Excife, or other Perfon, (hall make Seizure of any Sfi Tobacco or Snuff, and (hall neither feize and pro&cute, or cal be profecuted, the Ship, Veffel or Boat, Cattle or Carriage,ns board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff ffiall be or or Gull been brought, found or feized, or which (hall be ufed or empli in removing or conveying the fame, nor (hall (lop, arreftandi the Perfon or Perfons, or fome or one of them, who (Hall beorj have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veffel or Boat ia a board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be or (hall i been brought, found or feized, or in unlading, removing or an fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, or from wnom the tame hi feized or taken, or (hall not carry and convey, or cauie all aid fuch Perfon fo arrefted, (lopped or detained before One or MR His Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace, then and in fochcaletkfl cer of the Cufloms or Excife, or other Perfon making fuch Stir (hall be entided to and (hall be paid only One Fourth Part of Value at winch fuch Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff (hall be fo etbaal or fixed as aforefaid; and in all cafes where any fuch Oficm Perfons (hall feize, within the Limits of any of the Porti of Ink or in any Part of the Irijb Channel, or elfewhere on tk Iff Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Corfsofi land, any Spirits which (hall have been funk or concealed under in the Water within fuch Limits or Diftance, every foci Oft and Perfon fo feiziag fuch Spirits (hall be entitled to and fall paid One Moiety of the Value at which fuch Spirits (ball be eftimated or fixed as aforefaid.

IV. Ai

im

56° GEO. III.

C. 85.

451

I be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited * Forty fixth Year of Hie prefect Majefty’s Reign, whereby \ that an Allowance at the Scale (hall be made of Eight r Draft of every Package that (hall contain Four hundred (founds Weight of Tobacco, or more, and Two Pounds pitch Package for Nailage, ihall be and the fame is hereby j and that from and after the palling of this Ad, the proper (Landing Waiter and Landing Waiters (hall, in the weighing * j Account of all Tobacco and Snuff refpedively, give the ! the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof Ihall ► Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and no more for Draft r Package which (nail contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds e, of Tobacco or Snuff refpedively, any Law, Ufage sin the contrary notwithftanding.

d be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of ,k (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms L Duties in Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland kco, Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee, at any fuch Ports or a Ireland as the faid Commiffioners Ihall think fit, under and fuch Regulations and Reftridions in other Refpeds as t Spirits, Teas, Wines or Coffee may by Law be imported id; provided it Ihall be made to appear, to the Satisfadion I Commiffioners, that fuch Port or Place is, with refped ~ r and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature a Port or Place at which it would be juft and rea-t permit fuch Importation, d be it enaded, That from and after the paffing of this i and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and ► to permit all Staves of Wood not exceeding One Inch b Tbxrknefs, being of the Growth and Produdkion of I States of America* or of the Growth and Produdkion of J Weft Florida, and imported from thence refpedtively into ion Payment of One Third Part only of the feveral Duties \ charged on Staves in and by an Ad made in the Fifty of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to Majefty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into A from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Draw-Bounties $ and in and by an A 6k made in the laft Seffion imt, intituled An AS to imfofe certain Duties on the Import• to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks Sorts of Wood ; and to indemnify Perfons who have admitted ISorts of Wood to Entry, on Payments/ a Proportion only of tmpofed thereon, and the Schedules to the faid Ads refped-;ed $ any thing in the (aid recited Ads or either of them. Schedules thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wife not-

And, for the better fecuring the Colledion of the Duties oo Audions in Ireland, be it further enaded. That upon > of any Complaint or Information againft any Audlioneer Q have delivered or caufed to be delivered, or who Ihall de-* or caofe to be delivered any Catalogue of any Sale by Audion, to be held by fuch Audioneer) for the Recovery of any G g 2	Penalty

46 0.3. c.87. 5 98. repealed.

Allowance.

Commiffioners of Cuftoms rosy permit Importation of Tobacco, Spirits, ficc. into any Irilh Port.

Staves not exceeding 1$ Inches thick of the United States, &c. may be imported on Payment of One Third of the Duties under

54	G. 3. €.1*9, and

55	G. 3. c. 14.

Auctioneers to prove no Sale took place under Catalogue iu any Adion for Non Delivery of Sale Accounts

C. 85.

56° GEO. III.

under

54G.3.C.8*.

480.3. c.j6.

§ 4.

CompetiCit'ion for Loft of Fees to Officers of the Cuftoms.

Plate and Bound Books, not for 'ay be

Penalty for the Offence of neglefting or omitting to deliver; Sale Account as fuch Auftioneer is, under and by virtue of pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’iRc tuled An Ad to grant to His Majefly Duties upon Avdirn u in lieu of former Duties thereony and to provide for the rep}* fecuring the Col led ion of the faid Duties, and to prevent Frai in, required to deliver of the feveral Articles, Lotsorftrt tained in fuch Catalogue asaforefaid, every fuch AudiowrJ convifted of fuch Offence and (hall incur fuch Penalty, aU Auftioneer fhall make due Proof that no Sale whatever bf Auftion had taken place, or was any way opened or begun ail Catalogue.

4 VIII. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty eigbl

*	of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for si 4 Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Cufloou, in the

*	Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attends 4 the Number of Holidays to be obferved by the faid Ojfictrt and 4 Officers of Excife, it is enafted, that certain annual Paymeurj 4 of Compenfation (hall be made to Officers, Clerks and other! 4 employed in or holding any Office in the Service of the Ci 4 at any Port in Ireland, who may fuftain Lofs by the AbcS 4 Fees direfted by the faid Aft, and that every fuch annual R 4 by way of Compenfation to any fuch Officer, Clerk orotW 4 (hall continue during the time any fuch Perfon (haUcostatfft 4 fuch Office or Employment: And Whereas it maylqp 4 fuch Officers, Clerks or other Pcrfons receiving fuch Gap 4 may be removed to fome other Offices or Employments ia4l 4 vice of the Cuftoms, the annual Salary or other Emdosfl 4 which may not amount to more than the Salary and annual 1 4 ance by way of Compenfation made to fuch Officer, Clerk of 4 Perfon under the faid recited Aft in refpeft of the Office froa 4 fuch Officer, Clerk or other Perfon may be removed, and 4 might be detrimental to the Officer, Clerk or other Peribe 4 movedBe it therefore provided and enafted, That in d fuch Officer, Clerk or other Perfon who (hall receive any fiidti Payment by way of Compenfation under the faid recited Aft faid Forty eighth Year (hall be removed to any other Office or ployment in the Service of the Cuftoms, the annual Salary^ Emoluments of which do not amount to more tham the Sffirfi the further annual Allowance by way of Compenfation made < the faid recited Aft, to any fuch Officer, Clerk or other Perform have amounted to, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be W the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, by and with tie fent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief G nor or Governors of Ireland, to continue to psy fuch Office, ( or Perfon fo removed, the Allowance or any Part thereof dock have been granted by way of annual Compenfation, for Lofs oil to fuch Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, by the faid Commfar the Direftion of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Gorrn Governors of Ireland^ according to the faid recited Ad, r,ot\ Handing any fuch Removal as aforefaid, and notwithftanding thing in the faid recited Aft in any wife to the contrary.

IX. And be it further enafted, That from and after the pa& this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for the CommifSooers of Cufti

15

1.1616.

56" GEO. III.

453

C. 85, 86.

i Dsties in Ireland, to admit to Entry and Importation from Itm into Ireland\ free of Duty, any Gold or Silver Plate,

I Books bound, being the Private Property of any Perfon \ in Ireland, and being for the private Ufe of fuch Perfon \ and not for Sale, under fuch Rules and Regulations as ICbmmiffioaers of Cuftoms and Port Duties (hall from time P- think fit to make in that behalf; any thing in any A& or I the contrary in any wife notwith (landing.

‘lad be it further ena&ed, That on the Trial of any Com-r Information, or other Proceeding whatever, for any Penalty itare for or on account of any Offence, matter or thing in-r committed againil or concerning any of the Provifions of tor Ads in force, or hereafter to be in force, relating to any les, matters or things under the Management of the \ of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and the Commiffioners r and Taxes in Ireland, or either of them, where it to prove any Perfon a&ing as a Sub Commiflioner, i Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or as an Officer a&ing under d by the faid Commifiioners refpedively, an attefted Copy pftry or Entry of the Commiffion or Appointment of fuen oaffioner or Officer in any of the Books of or belonging t Commifiioners refpedivefy, or in any of the Books of the of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and 2k Diftrid within which fuch Perfon aded as a Sub Com-' other Officer* figned by the Secretary, or Perfon ading y, to the faid Commifiioners refpeftively, by the Cblledor isndPort Duties, or Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes or other Officer in charge of the Colledion of the within winch fuch Perfon aded as aforefaid, or figned by i employed by and in the Office of fuch Colledor of Cul-Purt Duties, or Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes, r Officer in charge as aforefaid refpedively, (hall be admitted sent Evidence that fuch Perfon was duly appointed and was i Cotmniffioner or other Officer, without producing the Com-i or Appointment by which fuch Perfon was appointed; and i it may be neceffary to give in Evidence before any Court any Decree, Order or Proceeding of the Commiffioners Is in Revenue cafes in Ireland, a true Copy of any fuch , Order or Proceeding, attefted by their Regiftrar for the time , Hull be admitted as fufficient Evidence as if the original De-^Order or other Proceeding of the faid Commiffioners of Appeal 1 and proved.

CAP. LXXXVI. for eftablifhing Regulations refpefting Aliens arriving lorrefident in this Kingdom, in certain cafes, for Two tears from the paffing of this A ft, and until the End of ^eSeffion of Parliament in which the faid Two Years (hall cpre, if Parliament (hall be then fitting. [26th June 1816.] THERE AS it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made for eftabliftiing Regulations refpe6ting Aliens arriving in tju$ Kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafesBe it enabled G g S	by

imported from Great Britain to Ireland, Duty free.

Attefteil Copy ofRegtftry of Appointment of Sub Commiffioners or of Officer* of Cuftoms or Ex-citV, lulticient Evidence.

Copy of Decree, Sec. of Commiflioneri of Appeals, Evidence of Original Decree, Ac.

Aliens not departing this Realm, when ordered by Proclamation, &c.

committed to GaoL

Aliens difobey-ing Proclamations, Sc. c.

Penalty.

Aliens may be given in charge, by Warrant oft Secretary of State, to be conveyed out of the Kingdom:

But if fufficient Realbtt be

C.86.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.I

by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comi this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority oft! That when and fo often as His Majefty, his Hein and Sw Ihall by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order h cil, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lie or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Cob that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom of Great Brit, Ireland called Ireland, (hall by Proclamation or by Order ol cil, dired that any Alien or Aliens who may be within tint 1 or who may hereafter arrive therein, Ihall depart this Realm a time limited in any fuch Proclamation or Order refpe&ird any fuch Alien (hail knowingly and wilfully refufe or negl pay due Obedience to fuch Proclamation or Order refpedm (hall be found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary ti Proclamation or Order, as the cafe may be, it dull be lawfi any of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelai his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Juftice of the Peace, any Mayor or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Place, to canfc fuch Alien to be arrefted, and to be committed to the Common of the County or Place where he or fhe ihall be fo arrefted, the remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or fhe ihall beni charge for the Purpofe of being fent out of the Realm rier Authority hereinafter given for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Alien kb ingly and wilfully refufing or ncgle&ing to pay due ObcAw any fuch Proclamation or Order as aforefaid, or beingfomdk Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to fuch Proclamation or 0 and who ihall be lawfully convi&ed thereof in His Maycftfi 0 of King’s Bench in Wejlmtnjlcr or in DubVin% or in any Gw Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or C Seffions in Wales, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, may,« Discretion of fuch Courts refpe&ively, be adjudged to fu&r prifonment for any time not exceeding One Month for the ] Offence, and not exceeding Twelve Months for the Second any fubfequent Offence.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it ihall be lawful ki One of His Maiefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or the U Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or hit their Chief Secretary, in any cafe in which he or they Ihall apt hend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any fi Proclamation or Order as aforefaid, or in any cafe when any Al (hall have been arrefted or committed for Refufal or Negkd obey any fuch Order, or (hall have been convided of fuch HA or Negled, and either before or after fuch Alien (hall have fdfae the Punifhment in Aided for the fame, by Warrant under to Hart and Seal, to give fuch Alien in charge to One of His Majefty Meffengers, or to any other Perfon or Perfons to whom he (hall tho proper to dired fuch Warrant, in order to his or her bemgcoududi out of the Kingdom, and fuch Alien (hall be fo conveyed accor ingly: Provided always, that where fuch Alien (not having to convi&ed as aforefaid) (hall alledge any Excufe for not comply^

56* GEO. III.

C. 86.

45$

i fad ftocknutioo or Order, or any Reafon why fuch Pro-90m or Order fhould not be enforced, or why further time tie flowed him for complying therewith, k (hall be lawful tLordt of His Maiefty’s Privy Council, in Great Britain or \ to judge of the Sufficiency of fuch Excufe or Reafon, and r or difaUow the fame either abfolutely or on fuch Conditions [ /hall think fit; and where fuch Alien (hall be in Cuftody h Warrant of any of Hi* Majefty’s Secretaries of State as the Meflenger or other Perion in whole Cuftody he fhall kwhh upon its being fignified to him that fuch Excufe or is ailedged by fuch Alien, make known the fame to the faid ry of State, who, upon receiving fuch Notification, or in cde in which he fhall be informed that any fuch Excufe or is aQedged by or on behalf of any Alien under Proclamation er to quit the Realm, fhall forthwith fufpend the Execution ffech Proclamation or Order until the matter can be determined [the laid Lords of His Majefty’s faid Privy Council, and fuch } if in Cuftody under any fuch Warrant, fhall remain in fuch dy until the (aid Lords fhall have fignified their Determination m, uniefs in the mean time the faid Secretary fhall confent to, Llhe hid Lords fhall make Order for the Releafe of fuch Alien, Iff with or without Security.

HP. And be it further ena&ed, That the Mafter or Commander faery Ship or Veftel which fhall arrive in any Port or Place of it Realm, (hall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to jglaffedor of Aliens appointed by His Majefty’s Principal Seere-0V of State, refident at or near fuch Port or Place, or where no fffi Infpe&nr (hall be fo appointed and refidenl, to the Cotte&or Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at or near fuch I or Place, whether there are or is, to the beft of his Knowledge, r Alien or Aliens on board his faid Veftel, or who have, to his uwltdge, landed or been landed therefrom at any Port or Place lL tins Realm ; and fhall in his faid Declaration fpecify the <r of Akteas (if any) on board his faid Veftel, or who have, i Us Knowledge, landed or been fo landed therefrom, and alfo “riff their Names and refpe6tive Rank, Occupation or Defcrip-. « far as be fhall be informed thereof, i ?• And be R further enacted. That the Mafter or Commander lewj Ship or Veftel fo arriving as aforefaid, who fhall refufe 9 atpe& to make foch Declaration as aforefaid, fhaU for every id Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and ferj Alien who fhall have been on board at the time of the Arrival (fuck Ship or Veftel, or who fhall have, to his Knowledge, landed flea landed therefrom ns aforefaid, whom he fhall wilfully have re-or aegle&ed to declare as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Mafter or banandtr as aforefaid fhall negleft or refufe forthwith to pay fuch lhalty as he fhall be adjudged to pay in manner aforefaid, it fhall k lawful for fuch Infpe&or of Aliens as aforefaid, or for any tyteer of the Cuftoms, as the cafe may be, to detain fuch Ship, Vcfid or Boat, ufed in landing the fame as aforefaid, until the fan (hall have been paid.

VL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing herdabefore contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any G g 4	Mariner

given for not complying with Proclamation, 8cc. Privy Council tnay allow fame.

Meflenger, See. in fuch cwfe in fufpend the Execution of Proclamation.

Matters of Vcf-fels on Arrival, to declare in Writing to In-fpe&or of Aliens or Officer of Cuttoms, Number of Aliens on board, fpecifying Names and De-feripdoos.

Matters neglecting to make fuck Declaration. Penalty.

Ship, Sic. detained.

ProVifo for Mariners cet*

456

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

tified to be em-ployed in Navi, gation of Ship.

Aliens, on Arrival, and Departure, to declare in Writing, to InfpeAor or Officer of Cuf-toins. Names, Descriptions, and Occupations, &c. •

Aliens arriviog, neglecting to make fuch Declaration, or making a falfe one.

PunUhment.

'Officer of Cuf-toms to regifter Such Declarations,

Mariner whom the Mafter or Commander of any Ship or Vd ing in any Port or Place in this Realm (hall certify to foch I of Aliens, or Officer of the Cuftoms as aforefaid, at the ( be, in Writing, fubferibed by fuch Mafter or Command a&ually engaged and employed in the Navigation of fuel Veffel, during the time that fuch Mariner mall remain f engaged and employed ; and which Certificate in Writing, feribed as aforefaid, every fuch Mafter or Commander as i hereby required to give.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That evety Alien \ arrive in this Realm, at any Port or Place therein, after tl of this A&, (hall, immediately after fuch Arrival, declare I ing, to fuch Infpe&or of Aliens, or Officer of the Cuftoms! faid, as the cafe may be, at or near fuch Port or Place, the f the Ship or VefTel in which he or fhe (hall have come to this C and every Alien who (hall fo arrive, and alfo every Alien \ depart from any Port or Place of this Realm after the p this Ad (hall, immediately after fuch Arrival or before i parture refpedively, declare in like manner to fuch Officer I faid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or DefcripU Domeftic Servant, then alfo the Name, Rank and Defcrrptid or her Mafter or Miftrefs, or (hall verbally make to fuch Cl aforefaid fuch Declaration, to be by him reduced to Wrii (hall alfo in like manner declare the Country or Place froo he or (he (hall then have come, and the Place to whidfaj is then going, his or her Profeffion or Occupation, and d and Place oF Abode of the Perfon to whom (if any) hej known ; and that every fuch Alien coming into this Ref (hall negled to make Declaration of the aforefaid Partici who (hall wilfully make any falfe Declaration thereof, may ( fuch Offence, on Convi6hon thereof in His Majefty's C King’s Bench at IVeflminfier or in Dublin, or in any Court 1 and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, orl Seifions in Wales 9 or Judiciary Court in Scotland, be imjjT for any time not exceeding Three Months, or may at tbejj lion of fuch Court be adjudged to depart out of this Rea* all other His Majefty’s Dominions, within a time to be lit fuch Judgment; and if he or (he (hall be found therein ai time in fuch Judgment fo limited, without lawful Caufe, he I (hall, being duly convi&ed thereof, be imprifoned for any Tcf exceeding Twelve Months.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Infoedor of AI or Officer of the Cuftoms fo appointed as aforefaid, to whom fu Declaration (hall be made, or Particulars delivered as mforefaid, (hi immediately regifter the fame in a Book to be kept by him for th Purpofe ; m which Book, Certificates (hall be printed in Blank a Counterparts thereof, in the Form following :



56° GEO. III.

C. 86.

457

allinfert therein the feveral Particulars by this A& required, particulars to be jot proper Columns, in both Parts thereof, expreffing fuch Par- inferted in Cer-wars as (hall be inferted in the Column of Remarks, which (hall tificates.

only in One of fuch Columns ; and (hall then and there nit off One Part thereof through the Flourilh or Device between the Two Parts thereof, and deliver without Fee or other Charge,

One Pat containing all the Particulars contained, excepting fuch thereof as (hall be contained in the Column of Remarks, to the

Alien

C.86.

56" GEO. III.

Aliens (except Dome flic Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magistrate of the Place, or to a JufUce.

Where Certificate loft, to deliver in an Account •f Particulars.

Funiihment.

Mayors, See. may detain Aliens, and tranfmit to Secretary of State an Account of Proceedings.

Be afoot for Detention to be ftated.

A.D.U

Alien who (hall have made fuch Declaration, or delivered foca ticulars, according to the Provifions of this Aft; and the 0 keeping or having the Care of fuch Book, (hall alfo enter or cat be entered therein an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Nw the Aliens, in refpeft of whom fuch Entries (hall be made til as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Alien amiij h

Realm after the pafling of this Aft, except luch Domefficfal as aforefaid, (hall, within One Week after his or her arrhif tl Place which (hall be exprefTed in the Certificate delivered tslad her as aforefaid, as the Place to which he or (he propofa fc| produce fuch Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens' Office in Cn Street t Wejlmtnjler, or to the Chief Magiftrate of any other Ti or Place in which he or (he (hall be; and if there be no Chief giftrate in fuch Town or Place, then and in fuch caie, tofome1 of the Juftices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Ton Diftrift in which fuch Alien (hall be, or to fuch Perfon or Perl as (hall be authorized to that Effeft by fuch Chief Magiftrate Juftice, as the cafe may be, by Warrant under his Hud asd & or in cafe fuch Certificate (hall he loft, (hall deliver a full and t Account of all the particulars that (hall have been contained u 6 Certificate; and that every fuch Alien as aforefaid, who M negleft or refufe to produce fuch Certificate as aforefaid, ortfl fuch Account as aforefaid, or who (hall wilfully deliver ay Account refpefting any of the Particulars hereinbefore «0H on Conviftion thereof before any Two of His Majefty'iJdW the Peace for the County, City, Town or Diftrift in wtadW Alien (hall he, may he adjudged, at the Difcretion of fucb Jdb for the firft Offence, to fuffer Iznprifonment for any time not ad ing One Month.	j

X.	And he it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Mm and Mayors or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Citoj London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Mm Juftices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, Ctrl Place, being fpecially authorized by One of His Majefty's Pnn Secretaries of State, or by fuch Secretary of the Lord Lieotcatfl Chief Governor aforefaid, by Warrant under his Hand and SfiM generally authorized by Order of His Majefty in Council, ortf Mayor or Chief Magiftrate, or other Magiftrate or Magiftn»» any City, Borough or Town Corporate, fo authorized, toed any Alien whom he or they (hall have caufe to fufped to be dangerous Perfon, to be taken into Cuftody and examined, a either to difeharge or detain fuch Alien in Cuftody as (ball agpfl advifable; and if it (hall appear fit to detain fuch Alien in Cufiody it (hall he lawful for fuch Mayor, Alderman or Chief MagHkft « other Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Ws, it order fuch Alien to he detained in Cuftody until His ttfdy'l Pleafure (hall be known, there to remain without Bail or Muitntfj Provided nevertheless, in every filch cafe, every fiidh Utoywr, Am man, Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, !IJ> m he and they is and are hereby direfted and required, forthwith» tranfmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching hi Alien, and of the Reafons for which he (hall have thought fit to

0-1816.

56® GEO. III.

C. 86.

459

twWASen, to One of His Majefty's Principal Secretaries of tffiA m Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or UMfipKof Ireland, in order and to the end that His Majefty, or tfHaed Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may deter-jpfa may be fit to be done thereon ; and it (hall be lawful for Sffijefty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, or for fuch Lord Hfmmt or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Mttmt coder the Hand and Seal of any One of his Principal wfarir* of State, or the Secretary of fuch Lord Lieutenant or of Governor, either to dire6t that fuch Alien fhall be difeharged nflercfl out of the Kingdom.

Kt. And be it further enafted, That if any Certificate iffued to f Afiea by virtixe of this Aft fhall be left, mifiaid or deftroyed, d fmA Ahen hall produce to One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the oner, from the Officers of the Cuftoms fo appointed as aforefaid, at n Brt where fuch Alien (hall have arrived, or from the Office of me of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Soe of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief oweroor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate fo loft, iflttd or deftroyed, and fhall make it appear to the Satisfaftion of wjk Juftice, that he or (he is the Perfon named in fuch Certificate, 4 that the fame has been loft, mifiaid or deftroyed, without his or W wife] Neglect or Default, it ftaall and may be lawful for fuch fficev and he is hereby required, to grant to fuch Alien a frefh Cer-•ote, which fhall be of the like Force and Effeft as the Certificate ML, unfiaid or deftroyed.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That every fuch Cuftom Houfc Acer M forthwith, and every Magi ft rate, or Juftice to whom mj fuch Certificate or Account fhaH be produced or delivered as J6n£ud, dull forthwith, after the fame fhall have been fo produced r delivered as aforefaid, tranfmit if in Great Britain, to One of His Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland, to the ffief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exaft Copies erf all fuch Entries, ^erttfieatn and Accounts refpe&rvely, made by or delivered to any edh Cuftom Houle Officer, Magiftrate or Juftice refpe&ively, by 'irtae of this Aft.

XIII. Arid be further enafted, That all Certificates hereinbefore cqtrired to be given by any Infpeftor of Aliens, or Officer of the luftoms appointed for the Purpofe, or by any Juftice or Juftices of be Peace, or other Magiftrates refpeftively, fhall be given without ny Fee or Reward whatsoever; and every fuch Infpeftor of Aliens, t Officer of the Cuftoms, or Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, or nher Perfon, who fhall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money, if aay Alien, for any Certificate, or other matter or thing under tins fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and every Infpeftor of Aliens, or Officer of the Cuftoms, appointed hr that Purpofe as aforefaid, who fhall refufe or negleft to make ary foch Entry as aforefaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pur-fraace of the Provifions of this Aft, or fhall knowingly make any falfe Entry, or negleft to return the Copies thereof, in manner direfted by this Aft, fhall forfeit for every luch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Warrant for Difcharge, 8tc. of Alien.

Juftices to grant Certificates iu lieu of fuch aa (hall appear to be loft, &c.

Officer of Cuftoms and Ma-giftratea to whom Certificates produced, to tranfmit Copies of Entries and Certificates to Secretary of State,

&c.

No Fee for granting Certificates.

Penalty.

Officers negleft-ing to make Entry, or grant Certificates,&c.

Penalty.

XIV. And

458

C.86.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Aliens (except Dome ft ic Servants) within one Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magif-trate of the Place, or to a Juftice.

Where Certificate loft, to deli* ver in an Account of Particulars.

Punithment.

Mayors, && may detain Aliens, and traitfmit to Secretary of State an Account of Proceedings.

fteafons for Detention to be ftated.

Alien who (hall have made filch Declaration, or delivered fuch Particulars, according to the Provifions of this Aft; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of fuch Book, (hall alfo enter or caufe to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in refpeft of whom fuch Entries (hall be made therein as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the palling of this Aft, except fuch Dome flic Servants as aforefaid, (hall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which (hall be expreffed in the Certificate delivered to him or her as aforefaid, as the Place to which he or (he propofes to go, produce fuch Certificate, if in London, at the Aliens’ Office in Crown Street, IVeJlminJler, or to the Chief Magiftrate of any other Town or Place in which he or (he (hall be; and if there be no Chief Ma-giftrate in fuch Town or Place, then and in fuch cafe, to fome One of the Juftices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town or Diftrift in which fuch Alien (hall be, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorized to that Effeft by fuch Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; or in cafe fuch Certificate (hall be loft, (hall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that (hall have been contained in fuch Certificate; and that every fuch Alien as aforefaid, who (hall fo negleft or refufe to produce fuch Certificate as aforefaid, or deliver fuch Account as aforefaid, or who (hall wilfully deliver any falfe Account refpefting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Conviftion thereof before any Tw6 of Hi9 Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Diftrift in which fuch Alien (hall be, may be adjudged, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftices, for the firft Offence, to fuffer Imprifonment for any time not exceeding One Month.

X.	And be it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Msyefty’s Juftices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, being fpecially authorized by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or by fuch Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforefaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majefty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magiftrate, or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, fo authorized, to caufe any Alien whom he or they (hall have caufe to fufpeft to he a dangerous Perfon, to be taken into Cuftody and examined, and either to difeharge or detain fuch Alien in Cuftody as (hall appear advifable; and if it (hall appear fit to detain fuch Alien in Cuftody, it (hall be lawful for fuch Mayor, Alderman or Chief Magiftrate, or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order fuch Alien to be detained in Cuftody until His Majefty’a Pleafure (hall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainpme: Provided neverthelefs, in every fuch cafe, every fiiCh Mayor,* Alderman, Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, fhdll, and he and they is and are hereby dire&ed and required, forthwith to tranfmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching fuch Alien, and of the Reafons for which he (hall have thought fit to

detain

56“ GEO. III.

461

D.ism

C. 86.

n, {ris: Purpofe, fpecifying the Security to be taken by fucb

dvr.

XTin. Provided nevcrthelefs, and be it enaded, That where any in what cafe lh vfto (hall have been committed under this Adi to remain until "hen Alimi tarfc? thall be taken in charge for the Purpofe of being fent out h^,ve t>e**V .m Ilk Realm, (hall not be fent out of the Realm within Two	/nor.

bdir Months after fuch Commitment, it (hail in every fuch cafe dt>Il lo^ Icnt hrfd for any of the Jufticcs of His Majefty's Courts of Record out oi the Wdmnjler, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Kealm, the fain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Courr»,*c. may rd Joilice Clerk, or any of the Commiflioners of Judiciary in	or*

fcW, or for any Two of His Majefty’s Jufticcs of the Peace in dif. Vuch f P?rt of the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or AlisnsT rtu br or on the behalf of the Perfon fo committed, and upon T»f jade to him or them that reafonabie Notice of the Intention mb fuch Application had been given to fome or one of His jjetty’s Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the 3rd Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or i or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Difcretion, to d* Perfon fo committed to be continued in or difeharge'd out fCuftody.

XIX. And be it further enaded, That Aliens abiding in this Alien* hiving Gngdoro, who have heretofore quitted their refpedive Countries by Su,tted Fri“le lawn of any Revolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries	°*

wquercd by the Arms of France, (hall not be liable to be arrefted, Troubles, not Dpnfootd or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forth- liable to be ur-:o®iiL£, or paying any Debt, nor be taken in Execution on any reftod for Debw hdgmrat, oor by any Caption, for or by reafon of any Debt or contracted brother Cade of Action contradedor arifing in any Parts beyond the Siuithe^Joini/ Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majefty, while fuch Aliens nions of His wir not within the faid Dominions of His Majefty $ and in cafe Majefty. sny fuch Aliens (hall have been or (hall be arrefted, imprifoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, con* tnry to the Intent of this Ad, fuch Alien (hall be difeharged tbodrom by Order of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at ffejhun/ler or Dublin, or of the Court of Seftion in Scotlandt or of my Judge of fuch Courts in Vacation time*

XX And be it further enaded, That all pecuniary Penalties by PenahHahow IwAft impofed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, (hall be re- J*^^^**1 al,<l »m?d by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, ill any of ‘PP11*0* f£i Majefty1) Courts of Record at Weftminder or in Dublin, or he Court of Great Seftion in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Che/ler, Lancajler and Durham, or by Adion or fumitory Bill or information in the Court9 of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the cafe (hall require, wherein no Efloign, Privilege,

Protedion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Ad impofed, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, (hall, on Convidion of the OlWer upon Oath before any Juftice of the Peace of the County,

Stewartry, City, Town or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, rendering to fuch Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and for want of

fufficient

C.86.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.18I6,

Forging, 8tc. Cenificaie*.

PunhhmenL

AmhafTadoMj&c. not deemed Aliens.

Proviib for Aliens not more than 14 Years old.

Proof whether any Perfon is or is not an Alien, (hall lie on the Party.

Juftices of the Courts of Weft-minfter or Dublin, 8c c. may admit Aliens to Bail;

as may aUb any Juilice, by Authority of a Secretary of State, &c.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon fhall wilfully forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or fhall utter, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Certificate herein dire&ed to be obtained, or fhall obtain any fuch Certificate under any other Name or Defcription than the true Name and Defcription of fuch Alien, without difdofmg to the Perfon granting fuch Certificate the true Name and Defcription of fuch Alien, and the Reafon for concealing the fame, or fhall falfely pretend to be the Perfon intended to be named and defcribed in any fuch Certificate ; every Perfon fo offending, being lawfully convi&ed thereof, fhall fuffer Imprifonment in the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding One Year.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Foreign AmbafTador or other Public Minifler duly authorized, nor the Domeftic Servants of any fuch Foreign AmbafTador or Public Minifler, rcgiflered as fuch according to the Dire&ions of the Laws in force for that Purpofe, or being a&uaUy attendant upon fuch AmbafTador or Minifler, fhall be deemed an Alien within the meaning of this Ad: Provided alfo, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall alfed any Alien, in refped of any A& done or omitted to be done, who fhau make it appear that he or fhe was not above the Age of Fourteen Years at the time when fuch A61 was fo done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Queflion fhall arife, whether any Perfon alledged to be an Alien, and fubje6l to the Provifions of this A61 or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not an .Alien, fubjed to the faid Provifions or any of them, the Proof that fuch Perfon is or by Law is to be deemed to be a natural-born Subjed of His Majefly, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by A& of Parliament, or if an Alien is not fubje6l to the Provifions m this A61 contained or any of them, by reafon of any Exception contained in this A61, or which fhall be expreffed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforefaid, or in any Special Warrant from One of His Majefly’s Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforefaid, fhall lie on the Perfon fo alledged to be an Alien, and to be fubjed to the Provifions of this Ad, fome or one of them.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in every cafe in which Power is given by this Ad to commit any Alien to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, it fhall and may be lawful for any Juflices of His hjajefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Juflice Clerk, or any of the Commiffioners of Jufliciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he fhall fee fufficient caufe, to admit fuch Perfon to Bail, he or fhe giving fufficient Security for his or her Appearance to anfwer the matters alledged againfl him or her.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for any Juflice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail, who fhall have been committed by virtue of this Ad, fuch Juflice being authorized fo to do by Warrant of One of His Majefly’s Principal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary,

461

A.D.1816*	56°	GEO.	III.	'	C.	86.

tary, for that Purpofe, fpecifying the Security to be taken by fuch

Juftice.

XVIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That where any in what cafe

Alien, who (hall have been committed under this A£t to remain until when Aliem he or (he fhali be taken in charge for the Purpofe of being fent out h,ve hee" m of the Realm, (hall not be fent out of the Realm witnin Two	inl'0°

Calendar Months after fnch Commitment, it fhail in every fuch cafe der tohe lent' be lawful for any of the Jufticcs of His Majefty* s Courts of Record out of the

at Wejlminfler, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Keahn, the

Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Court*, &c. may

Lord Juflice Clerk, or any of the Commiflioners of Jufliciary in

Scotland, or for any Two of His Majefty’s Jufticcs of the Peace in <jif«.lu*ge Yuch

any Part of the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or Aliens.

them by or on the behalf of the Perfon fo committed, and upon

Proof made to him or them that reafonabie Notice of the Intention

to make fuch Application had been given to fome or one of His

Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the

Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or

his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Difcretion, to

order the Perfon fo committed to be continued in or difeharged out

of Cuftody.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That Aliens abiding in this Aliens having Kingdom, who have heretofore quitted their refpe&ive Countries by 4u‘tted Fri“Se reafon of any Revolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries ^“ca^ct®UIIt °® conquered by the Arms of France, (hall not be liable to be arrefted, Troubles, not imprifoned or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forth* liable to be ar-coming, or paying any Debt, nor be taken in Execution on any retted for Debts Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reafon of any Debt or con^a^ed ht-other Caufe of A&ion contrafted or arifing in any Parts beyond the

Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majefty, while fuch Aliens njons ©f Hb were not within the faid Dominions of His Majefty; and in cafe Msjefty. any fuch Aliens fhail have been or fhali be arrefted, imprifoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, fuch Alien fhail be difeharged therefrom by Prder of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeflminfter or Dublin, or of the Court of Seflion in Scotland\ or of any Judge of fuch Courts in Vacation time.

XX.	And be it further enabled. That all pecuniary Penalties by PenaldN how this A 61 impofed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, fhali be re- r!!J^td*IKl covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of *PPUeiL His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfier or in Dublin, or

the Court of Great Seflion in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chefier, Lancafier and Durham, or by Action or fum-mary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in iScotland, as the cafe fhali require, wherein no Efloign, Privilege,

Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fhali be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this A6t impofed, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, fhali, on Conviction of the Offender upon Oath before any Juftice of the Peace of the County,

Riding, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where the Offence fhail be committed, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, rendering to fuch Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after dcdu&ing the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and for want of

fufficient

56" GEO. III.

M:

recited A& to be Evidence to Grand Juries.

Affiftant Barrif-ter or Chairman at the Seflion*, *c. empowered to put Landlords in Pofleflion of Premifes in Ar-Mar for Rent.

C.87, 88.

therein mentioned (hall be Evidence to the Grand Jury upon ti preferred againft the Perfon or Pcrfons a gain ft. whom fuch i ation or Examination was given: Provided always, that the Ij ation or Examination of a Witnefs fecreted (hall not be Eridd the Grand Jury', unlefs it (hall firft be proved to the Grand J* Witnefles fworn, or other lawful Evidence, -that the Peri fecreted has been fecreted by the Perfon or Perfons againft vk Bill is preferred, or by fome Perfon or Perfons a&iog for kin 0 or in his or her Favour.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to amend the Law of Ireland refpefting the Reco of Tenements from abfeonding, overholding, and debs Tenants ; and for the Proteftion of the Tenant from a Diftrefs.	[26th	June	1	K

WHEREAS Landlords in Ireland are often Sufferer Tenants running away in Arrear, and deferring Teiw ‘ demifed or agreed to be demifed to them ; and alfo by Tra 4 after the Expiration of their Terms or Interefts, refuting to di * up the PofTeflioh of the Tenements demifed or agreed ft 4 demifed ; and alfo by Tenants fufFering large Arrears of Kfll ‘ accrue during the Continuance of their Terms; in all vfcrid * the Landlords or Leflors are obliged to refort to an Ejedm • the Recovery of Pofleflion, the Expence of which in mydl * exceeds the Value of the Tenement: And Whereas it s jria 4 reasonable to provide a lefs expenfive Mode for the Rcowt* * the Pofleflion of Tenements lo abandoned by Tenants, all 4 Tenements of fmall Value, when the fame are held by Tea 4 againft their Landlords, after the Determination of their Tens 4 Interefts 5 and alfo in cafes of the Tenants of Tenements of a 4 Value fuffering Arrears of Rent to accrue during the Contiari 4 of their Terms: And Whereas Caufes tried in the Way of 0 4 Bills before the Chairman of the Seflion of the Peace for 1 4 County of Dublin, and Recorder, of the City of Lublin fori 4 County of the City of Dublin, and the Afliuant Barrifters of 1 4 other Counties in Ireland, are determined with more ExpeS 4 and lefs Expence than any Proceeding for the Redrefs of tie ft 4 aforefaid which the Law now allows the Landlord to take; sri 4 is expedient to extend the Jurifdiftion of fuch Affiftant Bamfc 4 and of the Chairman of the Seflion of the Peace in the Gw» 4 of Dublin, and of the Recorder in the County of the City 4 Dublin, to the faid cafes ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by The Ka Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confrntofi Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Pi liament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fa® & after the Firft Day of July next, if any Tenant holding any Teneao in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ who (hall bej Arrear for One Half Year’s Rent, (hall defert the Tenement dfrciii to him, or leave the fame uncultivated, or carry off the Stock ai Crop, or otherwife abandon the fame, fo as no fufficient Diftrefs ej be hid to countervail the Arrears of Rent then doe for the fame* 1 (hall be lawful for the Landlord or Leflor of the Tenement i defeated or left unoccupied or uncultivated, to proceed by way ^

.D.IM

b^geo.iii.

€.88.

465

HBiWore the Recorder of the City of Dublin if the Tenement Uk> Ae County of the City of Dubltny or before the Chairman jgfrtfoB of the Peaee for the County of Dublin if the Tetie-fifcfl be io thefaid County, and before the Affiftant Barrifter of Mkr County if the Tenement (hall be tn fuch County, to obtain pk of the Tenement fo deferted or left unoccupied; and fcspoQ it dull and may be lawful for Two or more Juftices of the fe of the County in which fuch Tenement (hall be, having no *rft iB the demifed Premifes, at the Requeft of fuch LanSord Ufar, hit Bailiff or Receiver, to go upon and view the fame, :wtn the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four the Chck in the Afternoon, and having fhlly ascertained to their tfabttoi, by Examination of Wituefles or by their own View, atkPrenifcs are fo deferted by the Tenant, or left fo unoccu-d a aforefoid, and without fufficieat Diftrefa to countervail the non of Rent then due, to certify to the Affiftaat Barrifter, t&naan of the Seffions of the Peace, or Recorder, before whom 4 Proceeding by Civil Bill (hall be, under the Hand® and Seals fad Juftices, that they have together viewed the Premifes in atm, fully deicribing the fame, and that the fame appeared to Osdefeted or unoccupied, and without any Diftrefs thereon fqffi-at to countervail the Arrear of Rent afeertained by Affidavit of eDftllord or Leflor, his Bailiff or Receiver, to be due thereon, a all far and juft Allowances; which Certificate, when proved fae been duly executed, (hall be fufficient and conclufive Evince of the Faffs therein contained, u A left the fame (hall be dif-tmdby contrary Evidence, to the Satisfaction of the Judge before fan tkofefhaU come, upon fuch Civil Bill as aforefaid, or Ap-ed finom fneb Civil Bill; and it (hall and may be lawful for the' (aid JKDord, after obtaining from the faid Juftices the faid Certificate, tierve a Procefs on fuch Civil BUI, together with a Copy of fuch rtficafe on the Tenant againft whom fuch Proceeding (hall be had kb Tenant can be found; and if not, to affix fuch Procefs, and Copy of fuch Certificate, upon fome notorious Part of the . faid Want,and alfo upon the Door of the Parifh Church, if the fame •8 be in Repair, and alfo upon the Door of the Roman Catholic any within the Parifh, fummoning the Tenant or Tents wbo may have fo deferted the Premifes personally to appear krffe Affiftant Barrifter, or before the Chairman of the Seffions the Peace, or the Recorder, as the cafe may be, on a Day certain, a Quarter Seffions to be held for the Divifion of the County in lich the Prei&iSes or any Part of them (hall be, or at a Court to held before the Recorder, for the hearing and determining of v3 Bills in cafes where the Premifes (hall be fituate within the jutty of the City of Dublin to anfwer the faid Bill of the faid ndbrd or Lefior; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Affiftant srifter, Chairman of the Seffion of the Peace, or Recorder, as the k my be, upon fuch Civil Bill, and upon Proof of fuch Certifi. »by any Perfbn wbo may have witnelied the Execution of the at,«d upon Proof that at leaft One Half Year’s Rent was due o U Landlord or Leflor for the Premifes when fuch Proceeding a* cmnenced; and that the. Procefs on fuch Civil Bill, and a lopj of fuch Certificate were (erred as aforefaid, or that the Tenant sold not be found, fo that the fiune could be (erred, and then upon 56GW.IIL	Hh	Proof

View by Jufticea,-

Certificate.

Particulars

therein.

Landlord may ferve Procefs on Civil Bill on Certificate obtained, Procels fixed on Churcb Door, See.

Proof of Certifi. cate.

Proceedings.

C.87, 88.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

therein mentioned (hall be Evidence to the Grand Jury upon the Bill preferred againft the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch Information or Examination was given : Provided always, that the Information or Examination of a Witnefs fecreted (hall not be Evidence to the Grand Jury, unlefs it (hall firfl be proved to the Grand Jury by Witnefles fworn, or other lawful Evidence, -that the Perfon fo fecreted has been fecreted by the Perfon or Perfons againft whom the Bill is preferred, or by fome Perfon or Perfons a&ing for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to amend the Law of Ireland refpefting the Recovery of Tenements from abfeonding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants ; and for the Proteftion of the Tenant from undue Diftrefs.	[26th	June 1816.]

WHEREAS Landlords in Ireland are often Sufferers by Tenants running away in Arrear, and deferting Tenements 4 demifed or agreed to be demifed to them ; and alfo by Tenants, * after the Expiration of their Terms or Interefts, refufing to deliver * up the PoffefBoh of the Tenements demifed or agreed to be 4 demifed; and alfo by Tenants fuffering large Arrears of Rent to * accrue during the Continuance of their Terms; in all which cafes * the Landlords or Leffors are obliged to refort to an Ejeftment for 4 the Recovery of Poffeflion, the Expence of which in many cafes 4 exceeds the Value of the Tenement: And Whereas it is juft and 4 reafonable to provide a lefs expenfive Mode for the Recovery of 4 the Poffeflion of Tenements fo abandoned by Tenants, and of 4 Tenements of fmall Value, when the fame are held by Tenants • againft their Landlords, after the Determination of their Terms or 4 Interefts; and alfo in cafes of the Tenants of Tenements of fmall 4 Value fuffering Arrears of Rent to accrue during the Continuance 4 of their Terms: And Whereas Caufes tried in the Way of Civil 4 Bills before the Chairman of the Seflion of the Peace for the 4 County of Dublin, and Recorder of the City of Dublin for the 4 County of the City of Dublin, and the Afliuant Barriftcrs of the 4 other Counties in Ireland, are determined with more Expedition 4 and lefs Expencc than any Proceeding for the Redrefs of the Evils 4 aforefaid which the Law now allows the Landlord to take ; and it 4 is expedient to extend the Jurifdiftion of fuch Afliftant Barrifters, 4 and of the Chairman of the Seflion of the Peace in the County 4 of Dublint and of the Recorder in the County of the City of 4 Dublin, to the faid cafes Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-Afliftant Barrif- liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and ter or Chairman after the Firft Day of July next, if any Tenant holding any Tenement at the Seflions, jn that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who (hall be in toporCndlwdj Arrear for One Half Year’s Rent, (hall defert the Tenement demifed in Poffeflion of to him, or leave the fame uncultivated, or carry off the Stock and Premifes in Ar- Crop, or otherwife abandon the fame, fo as no fufficient Diftrefs may Mar for Rent, be hid to countervail the Arrears of Rent then due for the fame, it (hall be lawful for the Landlord or Leffor of the Tenement fo deferted or left unoccupied or uncultivated, to proceed by way of

Civil

recited A£t to be Evidence to Grand Juries.



W GEO. HI.

C. 88,

4*7

nimble Confideration, in cafes where the Deeds or Inrating fuch Interefts (hall have been duly regiftered, and ■ Serve fuch Tenant and fuch other Per ion 8 as aforefaid on fuch Civil Bill, if fuch Service can be effeded, and proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the ney that fuch Service cannot be etibded, or in cafe there *erfon in a&ual Pofleflion of the Premifes, to affix fuch s fome notorious Part of the fame Premifes, and upon the Parifh Church, if the*fame (hall be in Repair, and r Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if there (halt be arifh, by which Proeefs all Perfons claiming to have In-Premiles (hall be required to appear before the faid lifter. Chairman of the 8effions of the Peace, or Re-t cafe may be, on a Day certain, at a Quarter Seflions ion of the Connty in which the Premifes, or any Part of e fituate, or at a Court to be held before the Recorder pg or determining of Civil Bills, in cafes where tbe Pre-e fituate within the County of the City of DM\nt to

0]	of the faid Leflbr or Landlord praying to be put into Teof; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid AffifU , Chairman of the Seflions of the Peace, or Recorder, may be, upon fuch Civil Bill, and upon Proof of fuch Hetajd, or, in cafe of Impoflibility or unreasonable Dtffi-rice (to be ascertained as hereinbefore provided Y upon i affixing of the faid Proeefs, and that the Premifes were r the Tenant at a Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds md that a 8om equal to One full Year’s Rent at fuch ae when fuch Proceeding by Civil Bill was commenced, land due, after all juft Allowances to the Tenant, to id Leflbr or Landlord to be put Into Pofleflion of the i: And in cafe the Leflee or Leflees, has or their Ltfoe after Ex-Affignees, or other Perfon or Perfons, claiming or deriv- ecution of De-1 Leafe or Article by which the Premifes (hall be holden, crefc* m*y aP-e Deciec to be executed, putting the Leiibr or Land- P®*1 theiefrom; feifion of the Premifes, without paying the Rent and on, with full Coils, and without preferring a Civil Bill the Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman of the Seflion of the corder, as the cafe may be, or filing any Bill or Bills Equity, within the time now limited by the Several Sta> egulate the Affcion of Ejectment for Non Payment of icn Execution executed, then and in fuch cafe the faid flees, his or their Aflignee or Affignees, and all other ing under the faid Leafe or Article, (hall be barred and m all Relief or Remedy in Law or Equity, other than Appeal from the Decree of the Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman of ^lemons of the Peace, or Recorder, as the cafe may be; the faid beal to be brought within the time now by Law limited for bring, pf Appeals on Civil Bills: Provided always, that the Tenant or and may tender wr Perl cm haring Right under the Several Statutes which regulate R«nc »nd Cofts, •Aftkm of Ejectment for Non Payment of Rent, to redeem any *e<Ieem tab, the PofTeflion of which (hall at any time hereafter be given e on’

1 toy Leflbr or Landlord under the Provifions of this Ad, for or r reafon of Non Payment of Rent, may at anytime after Execution Suted, within which he or they are now by Law refpedively en-

Hh 2

titled.

4W

If Delivery of Pofieffion of Premifes held by Tenant at • left Rent than not. per Annum be withheld after legal Notice,

Affiftant tender, &C' »ty decree Landlotd to be put in Pofleffion.

How Landlord (hall proceed in cafes where a Year* Rent (hall be due.

C.88.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1616,

Proof that fuck Procefs and a Copy of fuck Certificate bad been duly affixed upon the (ereral Places before mentioned} purfuant to this Ad} and upon hearing the Tenant* in cafe fuch Tenant fhall appear* and fudi Evidence as fhall be offered on behalf of fuch Tenant* if any (hall be offered* and duly confidering the fame* to decree the faia Landlord or Leffor to be put into Poffcilion of the Premifes.

II.	And be it further ena&cd* That in all cafes where any Tenement ihall hate been held by any Tenant at a lefs Rent than Twenty Pounds per Annum* and the Tenant’s Intereft in the fame (hall hate determined, and after Demand made by the Landlord or Leffor* his Bailiff or Receiver* a Delivery of Pofleffion of the feme (hall be withheld* it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Landlord or Leffor to proceed by Civil Bill againft fuch Tenant* and the faid Tenant* and fuch other Perfon* if any* as (hall be in the adual Pofieffion of the Premifes; and thereupon to ferve fuch Tenant* and fuch other Perfons as aferefaid* with Procefs on fuch Civil Bill* if fuch Service can be effe&ed* and if it (hall be proved to the Satisfa&ion of the Judge before whom the cafe (hall come* that fuch Service cannot be effe&ed* or in cafe there be not any Perfon in aAual Pofieffion of the Premifes* to affix upon fome notorious Part of the Premifes* and upon the Door of the Parifii Church* if the fame (hall be in Repair* and alfo upon the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel* if any (hall be in the Parifii; by which Procefs aD Perfbns claiming to have any Intereft in the Premifes (hall be reanired to appear before the AffifL ant Barrifter* Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace* or Recorder* as the cafe may be* on a Day certain* at a Quarter Seffions for the Divifion of tne County in which the Premifes or any Part thereof fliall be fituate* or at a Court to be held before the Recorder for the hearing and determining of Civil Bills* in cafes where the Premifes are fituate within the County of the City of Dublin, to anfwer the Bill of the (aid Landlord or Leflor praying to be put into Pofieffion thereof $ and it (hall and may be lawful for the mid Affiftant Bar. rifter, Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace* or Recorder* as the cafe may be* upon fuch Civil Bill* and upon Proof of fuch Sendee as aforefeid* or* in cafe of Impoffibility or unreafonable Difficulty of Service* to be ascertained in manner hereinbefore provided* or in cafe there (Hall be no Perfon in Pofieffion of the Premifes* upon Proof of affixing of the faid Procefs as hereinbefore required* and that the Premiies had been held by the Tenant againft whom fuch Proceeding fhall be* at a Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum, and that the Ir tereft of the Tenant had determined* and that Notice to quit in cafes where foch Notice is by Law neexfiary had been duly Served, and the time for the Delivery of the Poffeffion thereof expired, to decree the faid Landlord or Leflor to be put into Pofieffion at the Premifes.

III.	And be it further ena&ed* That in all cafes where any Lands or Premifes (hall have been held by any Tenant at a lefe Rent than Twenty Pounds per Annum, and tnat a foil Year’s Rent (hall be due thereout* whether the feme or any Part thereof (hall hare accrued due prior or fub&quent to the paling of this Ad* it (hall and may be lawful for the Leflor or Landlord to proceed by CM Billagaiaft fuch Tenant* and aUo fuch Becfons* if any* as fhafi be in aftuaTFoffeffion of the (aid Premifefi add aUb againft Perfon# having

469

LD.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 88*

roHwitfcCuftody of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in niftkt fiili (hall be filed.

..TO And be it further enafted, That the Clerk of the Peace Clwkof Peso?

jfcfc County ihall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe all ***** •»<*

Enin the cafes hereinbefore mentioned which (hall be made at P°Wif.,a

|Mons of the Peace for fuch County, and which Entries (hall

fio^r the Nunes of the Plaintiffs and Defendants, and the Tenc- the Peacs, fpeci-

■b recovered, as the fame ihall be fpecified in the Civil Bills con* fymg Names of

■ag the fiane refpeftively; which Book every Perfon (hall have Phintift

otytoiofpeft and examine, paying to the Clerk of the Peace for

AUpe&ion and Examination the Fee of One Shilling and Eight rLottri

net} and that the (aid Clerk of the Peace, immediately after the

hfcsf each Seffions of the Peace, (hall poft on the Door of the

hart Houle where fuch Seffions were held, a coned Lid of fuch

siie in which any Tenements (hall have been recovered at fuch

e4ods nader this Aft, which Lift (hall fpecify the Parties* Names,

d tie Description of the Tenements, as fet forth in the Civil Bill

put which the fame (hall have been recovered, upon pain of forfeit-

g for every fuch Omiffion the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to P«wky.

tttcwertd by Aftion of Debt by any Perfon fning for the fame f

bonded always, that the faid Claufe, with refpeft to fuch enter-

igorpoftar, (hall be confidered as dLre&ory to the Clerk of the

toct, and Uat the Omiffion to make fuch Entry or Poftbg (hall

51 invalidate or in any ways affeft any Decree or Recovery of the

afiefira of any Lands or Premifes.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Defendant who (hall Defendants on

link proper to appear on the Trial of fuen Civil Bill,, in any of bearing of Civil d* cades hereinbefore mentioned, (hall be entitled, on the Hearing	10

rffaA (H Bill, to every Defence which he may have either in Law m e encm* ar Equity, wdalfo (hall nave all and every the lame Rights of Ap- Appeal.

Bader the fame Reftriftions, Conditions and Limitations as i other cafes of Decrees on Civil Bills made by any Affiftant hmirr, Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace or Recorder, as be ole may be: Provided however, that Execution (hall not be Execution not hyed by reafon of fuch Appeal, unlefe the Tenant (hall depofit ftayed. vidi the Clerk of the Peace the Amount of Rent proved to be due I haring of fuch Civil Bill.

X.	And be it further enafted. That for the Execution of the bid Sheriff may keros, it ihall and may be lawful for the Sheriff to grant bis War- 8rant Warrant «t to a Special Bailiff, at the PlaintiiPs Nomination, in like man-

»as for the Execution of any other Decrees of the hid Affiftant Snifter, Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace or Recorder, as the ifc naj be j and that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Special kOif to whom fuch Warrant (hall be granted, together with his Infants, to execute the fame by delivering the Pofieffion of the *xh or Premifes therein named to the Landlord to whom the dame ^ be decreed, or to any Perfon appointed by the hud Landlord ^receive the Pofieffion on his behalf; and that neither the (laid She-ra,Dor the (aid Affiftant Barrifter, nor the Clerk of the Peace, nor y Perfon, (ball demand, receive or have, for or on account

Proceedings, any greater or other Fees than fuch as are ftta. ftjtaized upon the Execution of Decrees on Civil Bills, by an Aft

the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty (ixth year of the 36 0.3. (I) Hii prefect Majefty, intituled An A3 for the better and H h S	more

C.BSi

56^ GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Remedy ftr obtaining Arrears ef fleet.

Thirty Days’ Notice where Procef* is dU reded to be ferved.

How Procefs (hall be fixed in Extra Parochial Places.

What the Civil Bil (hall fpecify,

tided* tender the Rent and Colls for the Purpofe of redeeming the faid Premifes ; and that in all cafes where he or they would have been entitled under the existing Laws to be reflored to the Poffeffion of fiich Premifes* under a Decree of a Court of Equity* if deprived of Poffeffion by Eje&ment for Non Payment of Rent* he and they may hereafter be reftored to the fame by a Decree of the Affiftant Bar-rider* Chairman of the Seilions of the Peace* or the Recorder* as the cafe may be, on a Bill preferred for that Purpofe* and due Proof made of their being refpe&urely entitled thereto $ any thing in this A 6t contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

IV.	And be it farther enadted, That evezy Leffor or Landlord recovering Poffeffion by fuch Decree as aforefaid* fhall and may have the lame and like Remedy for all Arrears of Rent to the time of Execution of the (aid Decree* as fach Leffor or Landlord might have had if Poffeffion had been obtained under fuch Decree.

V.	And be it further enadted* That in all cafes where any Procefs upon any Civil Bill is by this Adt diredted to be ferved upon any Perfon or to be affixed upon Come notorious Part of the Prenufes in queftion* or on the Door of the Parilh Church where the Dune ihan be in repair* or on the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapd a any Parilh* the faid Procefs fhall be fo ferved or affixed Thirty clear Days at the lead previous to the Day therein named for hearing and determining upon fuch Civil Bill.

VI.	And be it further enadted* That if any Tenement or any Part of any Tenement for which any Proceeding by Civil Bill Hum be had under the Authority of this Adk* (hall be in any Extra Parochial Place* and there (hall be any Chapel or Place of Public Wor-Ihip in fuch Extra Parochial Place* all Procefs and Copies of Certificates before required to be fixed on the Door of a Parilh Church or Roman Catholic Chapel in Places not Extra Parochial* fhall be fixed on the Door of fuch Chapel or Place of Worihip in fuch Extra Parochial Place; and if there fhall be none fuch* then the Judge* before whom fuch Proceeding by Civil Bill fhall be* fhall diredk in what manner fiich Procefs or Copies fhall be fixed in fuch Extra Parochial Place for the Purpofes of this Adt.

VII.	And be it further enadted* That in all cafes in which fuch Proceeding by Civil Bill is authorized by this A dt, the Civil Bill fhall fpecuy the Names of the Landlord or Leffor* and Tenant or Tenants celpedkively, the Nature of the Tenancy, the Defcription of the Premifes* and the Baronies or Parilhes wherein die fame (hall be refpedtively fituated* and the Rent at which the fame fhall be then or had been lad holden $ and alfo in cafes where the Proceeding fhall be grounded on Defertion* the Fad of Defertion bv the Tenant* and the Amount of Rent due after all fair and juft Allowances* and the Infufficiency of Diftrefs to countervail the fame; and in cafes where the Proceeding fhall be grounded on the Tenancy having determined the Fadk of the Determination of fuch Tenancy* and tne Means by which the fame fhall have been determined* and Refufal to deliver up Poffeffion* and in cafes where the Proceeding fhall be grounded on Nonpayment of Rent* the Amount of the Kent due after all fair and juft Allowances* and when doe; and the Truth of the Contents of tne faid Civil Bill fhall be verified by the Affidavit of the Landlord or Leffor, his known Agent or Receiver* tip faid Affidavit to

remain



56° GEO. HI.

C.88.

471

t Wed RmdcU for tvtry fnch Offence, to be recovered in m 'idDebt by any Perfon fuing for the fame.

If. Aad Whercee by an Ad pafle<i in the Parliament of /re- xs Ano. (I.) ithe Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen friotitoled Am A& for tht more efitBual preventing of Fronds ltd h Tenmmts, it it provided, that do Proceeding! by virtue i Ad for Breach of any Condition, (hall prejudice the Right Tide of any Infant, Feme Covert, Perfon befog non compos |to, or being out of His Majefty’s Dominions; and by an Ad 1 is the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King 40. i.(L) e the Firft, to explain and amend the faid former Ad, it u led, tint the faid Ad of the Fourth Year of KingGWg* the t flail not extend to defeat the Eftate, Right or Title of In-> Femes Covert, or Perfons of nonfane Memory | and Adi Bepafied in the Eighth Year of His faid Majefty King George g O.x. (f.) sad in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late 5 °*** (t) King George the Second, for further explaining and *5 °#	(*•)

r the foid former Ads: And Whereas fuch Provifions have 1 great Injuftice to Landlords, in fome Instances, by pre-j the Enforcement of the Payment of Rent juftly due to »mi in othera by obliging them, after getting into Poffcffloa ) and Premifes by Ejedment for Non Payment of Rent,

; for Mefhe Profits for a great length of time ;9 Be it 1 farther enaded, That the foia Provifions in the bid A&s fo for as relate to faring the Right! of Infants,

1 Covert, Perfons befog non compos mentis, or fofone, or out tiMakftvls Dominions, be and the fame are hereby repealed* la pet rspcsbd Vi* ah Whereas by a Law pafled fo the Parliament of Great 'em, fo the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Hia late Majefty no.a.c.19.

; Gaqe the Second, intituled An Afffor tie more effednalfi. f At Payment of Rents, and preventing Fronds by Tenonts,

\ anongft other things enaded, that it dull and may be lawful § t od for every Leflib* or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, or his,

|or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Perfon or Perfons ! by him, her or them, to take and feize as a Diftrefs 1 of Rent, all Sorts of Corn and Graft, Hops, Roots, j Polft or other Produd whatfoever, which (hall be growing i any Put of the Eftates fo demifed or holden, as a Diftrefs for Arran of Rent, and the fome to make, cut, gather, cure, carry nd lav up when ripe, fo the Barns or other proper Place on the Ptamlei fo demifed or holden; and fo cafe there fliould be no Bum or proper Place on the Premifes fo demifed or holden, then ifi any other Barn or proper Place which fuch Leflbr or Landlord,

Lem « Landlords, (haul have or otherwife procure for that Pur-pefe, and as near as may be to the Premifes, m convenient time to ippndfe, fell or otherwife difbofe of the feme, towards Satiafedion n the Rent for which fuch Diftrefs Rail have been taken, and of foe Charges of fuch Diftrefs, Appraifement and Sale, fo the feme ■oner u other Goods and Chatteb may be feized, diftrained aad fepofod of; and the Appraifement thereof to he taken when cut, flfootd, cozed and made, and not before: And Whereas no fuch nwifioo exiftt m the Law of Inland, and it is reafenable that the Konhwof Landlords in InUmi flbould in this Refped be as t*» ceifive u they am in JSngbndf Be k tharefbre further cuaded,

H h ft	That

470

C.88.

56° GEO. III.

AJX1816.

Attorney may make charge.

Where Tenement In question (ituate in Two Counties Proceedings to be m One of them, Ac.

Affiftant Bar-rifter to fign Two Copies of every Decree made in pur-fuatice of this Ad*

more convenient AdmUUfiratiou of JitfRce% and for tie Recovery of Small Debts in a fummary Way at the Sefifon* of tie Peace of tie jo-veral Countses at large within this Kingdom» except the County of Dublin; and fo continuing and amending an A8> intituled 4 An AQ 4 for the better Execution of the Law and Prefervatiou of the Peace 4 within Counties at large;* faveonly that it (nail and may be lawful for any Attorney employed upon toe Trial of any Civil Bill which (ball be tried under the Prorifious of this Ad, relative to die Pof-feffion of Lands and Premifes, to charge and take from the Party by whom he (hall be employed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, in addition to the Sums which he is now by Law entitled to charge for his Attendance on the Hearing of any other Civil Bill) and that the lame (hall be taxed againft the unfuccefsful Party in cafe he (hall have appeared at the Tnal of fuch Civil Bill.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Te-nexnent touching which any Proceeding by Civil Bill (hall be had hi purfuance of this A£t, (hall be (ituate in Two or more Counties, fuch Proceeding (hall be in any one of fuch Counties; and the Sheriffs of the rtlpe&ive Counties in which any Part of fuch Tene* ment (hail be, and in which fuch Proceeding (hall not be had, dull execute fuch Decree as (hall be made on fuch Civil Bill, upon Delivery to him of a Copy thereof (igned by the Judge who (hall have made fuch Decree, with a Warrant for Execution thereupon figned by the Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman of the Quarter Seffion, or Recorder, as the cafe may he, acting for the County in which fudi Decree (hall be required to he executed.

XII.	And be it farther ena&ed. That in all cafes except where the Proceeding (hall he grounded on Non Payment of Rent, An Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman of the Scffions of the Peace, or Recorder* as the cafe may be, (hall fign Two Copies of entry Decree which (hall be made in purfuance of this Aft, and aifo a Memorial Memorial thereof, for the Purpofe of Regiftry sn manner hereinafter mentioned, and that his affixing Ins Signature to one of the (aid Copies (hall be witnefied by fame Perfon prefent at the time of fuch Signature; and that it (hall and may be lawful far the Landlord or Leffor, if he thinks proper, at any time between the Termination of the Affixes for the County then next tabling, and the Commencement of the Affixes thereafter next fallowing, to regifter One Copy of the fxid Decree in the Office for the Regiftry of Deeds and Wills in Ireland\ by lodging a Memorial and proving the Perfection of tie fame in like manner as is now provided by Law for the regifbrkg of Deeds 9 and that from add after the Regiftry of the hid Decree, it (hall haVe the further ECeCt of a Conveyance to the (aid Landlord or Leffor of atiy Intereft which the Tenant, or any Perfon chanting under him, may or might have m and to the faid Lands and Pranifes, freed And difa barged from sill Leafes, Coutfa&s, Mortgages, Debts, Charges or Incumbrances, which rile faid Tenant, or any Perfon chaining under him, may have charged, made or created thereon.

No greater Fee XIII. And be it farther eaa&ed, That if any Perfon in the faid to be demanded Office for the Regiftry of Deeds in ItfUnd (hall demand Or take for Regiftry of any greater Fee, Gratuity or Sum of Money, for or cm occafton of Decree, than he the Regiftry of any of the laid Decrial, than he to now by Law cn-Deed;	titled to far the Regiftry of n Deeds ho (hail forfeit dm 6um rf

One

A.D.1816*

60° GEO. HI.

C.68.

471

One hundred Pound* for every fuch Offence, to be recovered in an Action of Debt by any Perfon fuing for the fame.

4 XIV. And Whereat by an Ad patted in the Parliament of Ire- xx Ann. (I.) land in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Assae, intituled An AB for the more effcBual preventing of Fronde committed by Tenants» it i* provided, that no Proceedings by virtue of fnch Ad for Breach of any Condition, (hall prejudice the Right or Title of any Infant, Feme Covert, Perfon being non compos mentis, or being out of His Majefty’s Dominions | and by an Ad patted in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King 4 o. x. (1.) Georgt the Firft, to explain and amend the faid former Ad, it is provided, that the (aid Ad of the Fourth Year of King George the Firft Audi not extend to defeat the Eftate, Right or Title of In* fonts, Femes Covert, or Perfons of nonfane Memory s and Ads were pafled in the Eighth Year of His faid Majefty King George 8 0.1. (I) the Firft, and in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His lata 5 W Majefty King George the Second, for further explaining and *5 °*	(*•)

amending the faid former Ads: And Whereas fuch Provifions have produced great Injnftice to Landlords, in fome Inftances, by preventing the Enforcement of the Payment of Rent juftly due to them, and in others by obliging them, after getting into rofleffloa of Lands and Premifes by Ejedment for Non Payment of Rent, to account for Melbe Profits for a great length of time Be it therefore further enaded, That the faid Provifions in the laid A&* of Parliament, fo for as relate to faring the Right* of Infants,

Feme* Covert, Perfons being 0011 compos mentis, or inline, or out of Hi* Majefty’s Dominions, be and toe fame are hereby repealed, hi P*t rtpmtod 4 XV. And Whereas by a Law pafled in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty is 0.s.c. 19. King George the Second, intituled An AB for tie more dfeBwal fk* curing tie Payment of Rente, and preventing Fraade by Tenants, it is amongft other things enaded, that it (hall and may be lawful I t to and for every Lett* or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, or his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Perfon or Perfons empowered by him, her or them, to take and feize as a Diftrefs for Arrears of Rent, all Sorts of Corn and Graft, Hops, Roots,

Fruits, Pulfe or other Produd whatsoever, which (hall be growing on any Part of the Eftate* fo demifed or holden, as a Diftrefs for Arrears of Rent, and the fame to make, cut, gather, cure, carry and lay up when ripe, in the Barns or other proper Place 00 the Premiles fo demifed or holden; and m cafe there fhould be no Bans or proper Place on the Premifes fo demifed or holden, then in any other Barn or proper Place which fuch Leflbr or Landlord,

Letter* or Landlords, (hall have or otherwife procure for that Pur* pofe, and as near as may be to the Premifes, tn convenient time to apprsdfe, fell or otherwife difpofe of the feme, towards Sntiflfodson of the Rent for which fuch Diftrefs (hall have been taken, and of die Charges of fuch Diftrefs, Appraifement and Sale, in the feme manner as other Goods and Chatteb may be fetxcd, dHbamtd and difpofed of; and the Appraifement thereof to be taken when cut, gmhered, cored and made, and not before: And Whereas no fuch rrovifion exift* m the Law of Inland, and it is xnafonablr that die Remedies of Landlord* in Ireland fhould in this Refpeft be a* an* tenfive a* they are in England}* Be k therefore further

Hh4

That

*72

C.88.

sg® GEO. III.

A.D.18I6

Landlords, kc. empowered to i'eiae Com, &e« for Arrears of Rent.

How Tenant (hall proceed in calcs of DiAreCs by the Head Landlord, where Rent (hall have been paid to his immediate Landlord, and how and what Cofts and Damages (hall be recovered.

That from and after the Firft Day of July next, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every Leffor or Landlord in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, or his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Perfon or Perfons empowered by him, her or them, to take and feize, as a Diftrefs for Arrears of Rent, all Sorts of Com and Grafs, Hops, Roots, Fruit, Pulfe or other Product whatfoever, which (hall be growing on any Part of the Edates fo demifed or holden, as a Diftrefs for Arrears of Rent; and the fame to cut, gather, make, cure, carry and lay up, when ripe, in the Bams or other proper Place on the Premifes fo demifed or holden ; and in cafe there (hall be no Bara or proper Place on the Premifes fo demifed or holden, then in any other Bairns or proper Place which fuch Leffor or Landlord, Letters or Landlords, (hall hire or otherwife procure for that Purpofe, and as near as may be to the Premifes, and difpofe of the fame towards Satis-fa&ion of the Rent for which fuch Diftrefs (hall have been taken, and of the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, in the fame manner as any other Goods and Chattels diftrained for Non Payment of Rent.

* XVI. And Whereas it is fit and juft that Provi&m (hould be

*	made for fecuring the occupying Tenant as far as may be againft

*	being called upon for Payment more than Once of the Rent referred

*	and made payable to his immediate Landlord or Leffor out of the c Land which he occupies, in confequence of fujperior Landlords dif-

*	training for the Rents due to them refpe&ively •/ For Remedy thereof, T>e it ena&ed, That in all cafes where the entire Rent due and payable from the occupying Tenant to his immediate Landlord or Landlords, Leffor or Leffors, (hall have been paid, or in any manner fatisfted, if, in confequence of the Fraud, Madfeifance or NegleA of fuch Landlord or Landlords to pay and fatisfy the Rent due and owing to any fuperior Landlord or Landlords, the Lands in the Hands of fuch occupying Tenant (hall be diftrained for any fuch Rent, then it (hall be lawfid for fuch occupying Tenant to proceed againft fuch his immediate Landlord (through whofe Default or NegleA to make fuch Payments the Lands in the Poffeffion of fuch occupying Tenant (hall have been diftrained), or fuch occupying Tenant (hall have been compelled to pay any Sum of Money to any fuch fuperior Landlord, to avoid a Diftrefs for Rent due to fuch fuperior Landlord, to recover the Amount of Cofts and Damages by him fuftained thereby, by Civil Bill before the Recorder of the City of Dublin, if the Lands (hall be in the County of the faid City, or the Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, if the Lands (hall be in the faid County, or before the. Affiftant Bar-rifter, at the Quarter Seffions of any other County, where fuch Lauds (hall be, in all cafes where the fame (hall not exceed Fifty Pounds; and that the Amount of fuch Cbfts and Damages, when ascertained by the Decree of fuch Recorder, Chairman of the Quarter Seffions or Affiftant Barrifter, as the cafe may he, and the Amount of any Cofts and Damages which may be aicertained by the Judgment of any fuperior Court, upon any A&ion which may be brought for that Purpofe, may be tendered by the occupying Tenant, or his or their Representatives, in Payment of fo mucn of the fubfequently growing and accruing Rent as (hall thereafter become due and payable* to fuch his immediate Landlord,, and (hall be accepted by luch Landlord m Payment of the feme, or (hall be recovered by Procefs

of

.1816.	56* GEO. III.	C.	88,89.	473

.xeemka as the laid occupying Tenant fo aggrieved fhall deem

>VU» And be it further ena&ed. That if on fuch Trial by Civil If CompUioont iMe the Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman of the Seffions of the prove P»a» of tot Recorder, as the cafe may be, the Complainant (hall prove Mb of Payment of Rent by Diftrefs or otherwife to his imme- tr^J£ £ Landlord, and of the fubfequent Seizure of hi* Goods or wife be may lewder Difbefs by a fuperior Landlord, or his being compelled cover Dam^es. any Sum of Money in or towards Satisfaction of Kent due to iperior Landlord to avoid any fuch Diftrefr, he (hall be entitled over in Damages, and (hall fo recover upon fuch Proof made of seb hereinbefore mentioned, without any other or further Proof image foftained. Ten Pounds in the Hundred of the Rent re-i and diftrained for, in addition to the whole Sum he (hall have uder fuch Diftrefs to the fuperior Landlord, but (hall not be ided from entering upon Proof of other more aggravated or I Damage fuftained, if he fhall prefer fuch Mode of Proceeding ecovery of due and adequate Compenfation on fuch Account, fill- Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Affiftant Bar-meat within the Provifions of this A & (hall be (ituate in the rlfter, fcc. to e or in Part within the County of any City or Town which is a h*^e Jurifdidwa bounty of the City of Dublin, the hut Barnfter of the County at large, having JurifdiCtion for County of itfclt • Porpofes within fuch County of a City or Town, and the » of the Peace for fuch County at large, (hall have the fame dtdkm and exercife the fame Powers, with refpeft to fuch Tene-as if the fame had been (ituate in the County at large, any thing is &&,<* »y Law or Ufage to the contrary not withflan ding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

.4# to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the ublic Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Year One loufond eight hundred and (ixteen. [26th June 1816.]

IT HERE AS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great rV Britain and Ireland, in Parliament affembled, have refolved if a Sum of Capital Stock, equal to the total Capital of the blic Debt of Ireland, funded in Ireland in Perpetual Redeem-e Annuities exifting on the Twenty fifth Day of March One •u(and feven hundred and ninety (even, hath been fatisfied and charged ; and that fo much of the Capital Stock purchafed by 1 placed to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion the National Debt of Ireland, and (landing in their Names in .* Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

Parliament by any A£t or A£b to be palled for that Purpofe >uld or might direfl, (hould be cancelled, and in order to make ovifioa for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public d* of Ireland by way of Loan, or in any other manner, for the ervice of the prelent or any future Year s And Whereas by an 56 g. 3.x. 42. t&made in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Aft 6r r*fing the Sum of One million feven hundred thoufand Pounds India Currency by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for be Tear Owe thoufand eight hundred and Jixteen, the Lord High ’rcafurtr or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of Ireland re empowered to iflue Treafury Bills to an Amount not exceeding

*7*

C.69,

56‘GEO.III.

M

xt%S Five per Cent. Con-foil.

394,500!. Four per Cent. Reduced; end *>*3ii9z41-3L 10*. per Cent. Annuities, in the Names of Commiflioners for Reduction of National Debt, cancelled, and the Money formerly applicable to Dividends to become a Part of Confolidated Fund.

Militia when called out for

4 ing in the whole the Sum of One miUion Ira bandied I

*	Pounds Britijb Currency, bearing an Intereft not esced 4 Rate of Five Pounds per Cent. per Annum : And Whfl

*	Commons of the faid United Kingdom in Parliament d 4 have refolved, that towards railing the Supply granted

*	Majefty, the Sum of One million two hundred thouluft

*	Irijh Currency fhould be raifed by Treafury Bills for tbj 4 of Ireland for the Year One thoufand eight hundred 1 *

4 And Whereas the Charge of the faid feveral Stuns wit 4 the Sum of One hundred and eighty- two thoufand fall 4 Pounds: And Whereaa it is expedient to make 4 fuch Charge in manner by this A& herein before it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, I with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual nd Ten and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTemlM **d b Authority of the fame. That from and after tbe Twenty Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and fatten, tat of One million eight hundred ana fifty two thoabod ud ft two Pounds, Five rounds per Cent. Confolidated Anaahies,bl in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of ft in the Names of the Commiffioners for the Redu&on of tir Ml Debt in Ireland, (hall be cancelled; and that from ud * Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight fix teen, the Sum of Two hundred and ninety four hundred Pounds, Four Pounds per Cent. Reduced J the Sum of Two million two hundred and thirty one hundred and fourteen Pounds, Three Pounds Ten Shtilifigtyvl Annuities, (landing in the faid Books of the Goreraor s' pany in the Names of the faid Commiflioners, fhall in Kkc be cancelled, and the faid feveral Sums are hereby declared cancelled from the faid Days refpe&ively; and that fra aft the faid Days refpe£ttvely the Intereft or Dividends which a have been payable refpeckiveiy upon the faid feveral Sums fcj celled fhall ceafe to be iiTued from the Receipt of tbe EicH of Ireland, or to be charged upon the Confolidated Fund of] land, and the Money which Would have been applicable to tfcel ment thereof fhall remain and be a Part of the growing Proftl the Confolidated Fund of Ireland for the Purpafeofdefapil Charge occafioned by any Addition made or to be nude to m lie Debt of Ireland in the prefent Year.

CAP. XC.

An Aft to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing andftj tingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia inGrrrfAj tain, and of the Miners of Cormuall and granting Allowances, in certain cafes, to Subaltern OW Adjutant*, Surgeons9 Mates and Serjeant Majors of until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand of hundred and feventeen.	[adth	J**	M

[This AB, except as to Dates and tbe SeSim that ett rttnd is tbe fame as 55 G. 3. e. 165.]

IV.	AND be k further ena&ed. That the Officers miffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Reg™*1,

13

II81&

5* GEO. Ill,

C. 90,

47*

•r Periods diring which they Audi be called oat of annual Excrdfe or Training, be entitled to the bi Allowances as the Officers, Non Conmiffioned Offi-Iwas and Private Men of the Militia when embodied, pad Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to cer-i of the (aid Militia Forces of Great Britain while dif-oder certain Regulations s’ Be it further enaded, That j Allowances dull be made and paid, to the Amount, ► Rdbidkmi, and in the manner hereinafter expreiTed, to Officer and Surgeon’s Mate who held or (hall hold a i in the Militia of Great Britain,and was or (hall be ferving i the Corps was or (hall be dHembodied; that is to lay,

I lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem : m Eafign, Two Shillings per Diem :

I to a Surgeon’s Mate, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem : (always, that all Officers of the Militia ferving with the Rank ib-Lieutenant, Ihall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all faring with the Rank of Second Lieutenant (hall be deemed as for the Purpofes of this Ad : And provided always, ranees (hall not be received for the Davs during which . Battalion or Corps, to which fuch Officers belong, is lor Training and Exercife.

And be it further enaded, That the Subaltern Officers and Mates of the Militia who (hall claim under the Authority Aft to receive any Part of the faid Allowances, (hall, previous the lame, and in order to entitle themfelves thereto,

___ye an Oath before fome One of His Majefty’s

of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the tattooing; (videlicet)

\ B. do /wear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the fome was difembodied, and that I have con* ta Herne thereto from that time until the	Day

iadofive, as a Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s (at the cafe map be,) and that 1 was not in my own Right Right of my Wife.during the faid Period in the adual Pof-ud Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Tenements or Hereditaments of fuch an annual Value Reprises, as would qualify me to hold a Commiffion of iptain of a Company a the Militia; that I have not during e above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, lyraafter or Quartermafter, in any Regiment, Battalion or of Mflatia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any

kid Period any C

Half Pay as & help me GOD.’ ich Oath fo taken and fubferibed (halt be produced to the Pay* hr of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or rgewt’s Mate churning the Allowance.

VIIL And be it further enacted, That etery Subaltern Officer I Surgeon’s Mate of the Militia who (ball be entitled or claim to entitled to the Benefits of tins A61, (haU regularly attend the uaJ Exereik and Training of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps winch bt belongs,.during At whole of the Time by Law routed for that Purpofe, and (hall during the faid Time punduaHy

xps

rrtoo for me hold or enjoy during the kid Period any Office Income whatfoever from the Public, except my

Trsiatiif or Exerrift entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons'Mates*

Oath to be taken to entitle to fuch Allowances.

Form of Oath.

Subalterns and Surgeons' Mate s to attend annual Exercife, &c.

*7«

C. 90.

56* GEO. III.

AH

Commanding Officer may grant Leave of Abfence.

Reafon and Duration of Abfence ipecified.

If Regiment not called out before Day fixed for the Half Yearly Payment, Allowance to be paid on taking Oath before a J office, without Certificate of Attendance.

Pay mailers to pay Allowances on »4th December and 24th June.

do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgea of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on pain of fotfdtsg Allowance as well as the Reft of his Pay, and every Pbit which may be due for the current Year in which be fha&a refiife to attend, and Certificates of his having fo attended l formed his Duty figned by the Commanding Officer of ti ment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, (hall be f by the faid Commanding Officer to the Paymafter of the Aq Battalion or Corps of Militia to which the Officer (hall bdoy vided always, that in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer aril Mate claiming to be entitled to fuch Allowance (hall bvtt mandmg Officer be permitted or fuffiered for any (pedal Cl unavoidable Ncceffity to be abfent during the whole or anrl fuch annual Exercife, for which Purpofe it (hall be lawful ft Commanding Officer to grant fuch Leave of Abfence, then fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Subaltern Officer or Surj Mate who may be fo permitted to be abfent and have fach Lei Writing, to demand and receive the faid Allowance and even thereof^ in like manner a9 if he had attended during the wfl the faid annual Exercife : Provided always, that the Raft fuch Abfence as well as the Duration thereof (hall be careful truly fpecified in Certificates (in lieu of thofe before mentiod be figned by the Commanding Officer, and to be furni&dn as conveniently may be to the Paymafter of the Regime* M or Corps, wherein fuch Subaltern or Surgeon’s Mate MkM

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That a oft Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia after the Skim thereof, and before the refpe&ive Days hereinafter fixed forth] Yearly Payment of the faid Alldwances, (hall not be calledfll the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subilten (1 and Surgeon’s Mate belonging to any fuch Regiment, Batoh Corps, and coming within the Description of this Ad, vb have taken and fubferibed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned fc any fuch Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to tk Allowance as if fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate kl gularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of foci I ment, Battalion or Corps during the whole of the time by appointed for that Purpofe, and as if a Certificate of foch Altai figned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battabf Corps had been furnifhed to the Paymafter of the Regiment,

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon fuch Oaths and Oi

ficates as aforefaid, or where any Regiment of Militia (hall not Ji been called out to their annual Exercife as aforefaid, upon tk ft Oaths being produced to the refpe&ive Paymaftero, it (hall beta ful for fuch Paymafters and they are hereby authorized and mp* to pay to the laid Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mat* and ing to their refpe&ive Commiffions of Lieutenant, Eo£si of Sts geon’s Mate, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Montis 9 other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of Decfnbvt and the other proper Proportion of the fame on the Twenty W Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, witbri any Dedu&ion whatsoever ; the Oaths and Certificates before tioned to be by them preserved and produced among the VoocW for the Payments from time to time made by them in purfuance d this Aft,	A

XIII. Pit-

Cl SI 6.

56* GEO. III.

C.90.

477

. Bonded always, and be it farther ena&ed, That any Per-Naval or Military Half Pay, or bciug entitled to as having ferved in any of His Majefty's Forces, or «, and ferving in the Militia, fhall and may, and he empowered, to receive and take the Pay and Allow-fthb A& dircded to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Enfigns Adjutants, Paymafters, Quartermafters, Sur-Surgeons* Mates, when affembled for annual Training,

I receiving and taking any fuch Pay and Allowances by any 1 “ 1 Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quarter-wgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, fhall not prevent fuch Perfon FTay or being entitled to any fuch Allowance from receiving or fuch Allowance; and fuch Perfon fhall take the j Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby em*

I to adminifter the fame.

. J?. do fwear, I had not between the i the	any	Place or Employment

»Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befidcs my Allow-t of Half Pay as a Reduced frlfcpfty's Navy, [or in the Marines, or in fate Regiment of	], or Allowance	as

late Troop of Horfe Guards, or [ Regiment of Horfe reduced], fave and ex-**7*7 or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieu-Enfign, Adjutant, Paymafter, Quarter Mafter, Surgeon rgeoofc Mate,, [at the cafe may be'] for ferving in the cl the County of the taking the laid Oath fhall be fufficient to entitle fuch i to move his Half Pay or the faid Allowance without taking infer Oath, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not with-tog.

TV. Provided always, and be it Further ena&ed. That no Adju-f Qaartermaftcr, Non Coxnmiffioned Officer, Drummer or Pri-i Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelfea ■has or Allowance, fhall forfeit or lofe his Right to the fame ■■ion of hia ferving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia, ■ ailemblrd for Training, nor (hall any Subaltern or Surgeon’s r forfeit or lofe his Right to receive any fuch Chelfea Penfion Allowance by reafon of his receiving the Allowance of Two lings and Sixpence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this t to Subalterns or Surgeons’ Mates when difembodied.

CV. And be it further ena&ed, That there fhall be granted to the geon of each Regiment of Regular Militia, when difembodied, urn of Money m addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One inea for every One hundred Men of each fuch Regiment, for the pence of neceffary Medicines, for the Sick Non Commiffioned leers. Drummers and Private Men of fuch Regiment during the nod or Periods of AfTembly for annual Exercife or Training ; d ilfo an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non owniffioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on conflant it at Head Quarters, for the Expence of neceffary Medicines d Attendance given to the faid Non Commiffioned Officers and men wiuk fuch Regiment is not called out for annual Training i Erode.

Perfotu on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance at ha? tng far red in

tha Army or Navy, empowered, if ferving in Militia, to receive Pay and Allowances, on taking the following Oath.

Adjutants, %c. Non Commif-fioned Officers or Privates, not to lofe their Right to Chelfea Pen. fioos, See.

Allowance to Surgeons for Medicines in addition to Pay.

XVIII. And

56* GKO. I1L

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4>- per Day, till March 24, 1817.

39 Sc 40 G.3. c. 44* granting Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, revived from March 15,1816, and coutinued till March 25, 18x7.

Allowance to Adjutants to be 4s. per Diem.

a8D.3.c .6.

C. 90, 91.	56*	GEO. I1L	i

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in ttfc any Battalion or Corps of Militia (hall have already coded mined, or been reduced in its Eftablifhmrnt, or dull ce termine, or be reduced in its Eftabliflunent during the 0 of this Aft, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem (hall t fuch Perfon as has aftually fenred as Adjutant to fuch Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of Merck (and eight hundred and fixteen, or from the time fuch (hall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablilhu cafe may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of Monk Ok eight hundred and feventecn : Provided always, tbit no f be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid, who any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military 1 Majefty, but no fuch Reduced Adjutant (hall iofie any High have to Half Pay, by reafon of receiving fuch Allowaoi aforefaid, but (hall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as-fuch Allowance.

• XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Aft Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of Hi Majefty, intituled An A3 for grantings until tie Tmetij of March One tboufand eight hundred and one, certain A to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia, dtfenbo&d AS of this Sejfton of Parliament, intituled 1 An Ad for 1 Majefty to accept the Services of an additional Number \ from the Militia, under certain ReftriSions ;* which ha I and continued by fevcral fubfecjuent Afts until the Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, again revived and further continued, fo far as the fame Adjutants and Seijeant Majors;1 Be it thereforeeoaftrd, faid recited Aft, and the Allowances therein granted and Adjutants and Seijeant Majors, and all the Prortfioni thereto, (hall be revived from the faid Twenty fifth Day One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and be further until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoidand eight and feventeen, (o far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Majors: Provided always, that the Allowance to each Adj embodied as aforefaid (hall, from the faid Twenty fifth Day One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, be ifiued by the Rl General of Counties at the augmented Rate of Four SI "* Diem.

CAP. XCI.

An Aft to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of. Bcrkice and EJfeqmbo; to allow the Importation id Exportation from, fuch Colonies, of certain Artid Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions ofj Majefty the King of the Netherlands ; and to meal i of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for mitting a Trade between the United Provinces and < Colonies in His Majefty’s Pofleffion. [26th June ll r TT7HEREAS an Aft was paffed in tht TwentyqjM] 1 YV of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled A* 4m 1 regulating the Trade between the SubjeQs of Hit Mqifj* Cm

vm<*

56° GEO. IIL

C. 81

470

r a« North America and in the Weft India (/lands,

’ belonging to the United States of America, and r Majefty's faid SubjeBs and the Foreign (/lands in tie i: And Whereas it is expedient that the Colonies of , Berbice and EJfequibo, fituated in the Province of Guiana I America, fhould be placed upon the fame footing, in relation jfcrinns of Trade, as the Briti/b Weft India I (lands j’ Be it _j ended by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and ^Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, —om, in thisprefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Au-|cf the feme, That from and after the palling of this Ad all 1l% Privileges and Advantages, and all the Rules, Regiila-i Rsftridkms, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the faid recited imed and provided, with refped to His Britannic Majefty’s and Plantations in North America and in the Weft India and the Countries belonging to the United States of Amc~ jmd between His Majefty’s faid Subjeds and the Foreign Ifland* Wef Indue, (hall extend and apply, and be in lull Force as to the hud Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and EJfe-I as fifty and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the ICR noaded in and feparately and feverally repeated in this I to da laid Colonies ok Demerara, Berbice and EJfequibo i any if Ads of Parliament, or Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary TlSt mtwithftandin g.

And Whereas by an Ad palled in the Fifty fecond Year of I print Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for increqfing the 1 mRtmamd other Spirits, imported into Newfoundland from Pilaw/ and Plantations on the Continent of America, *^7 a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from rs Colonies in the Weft Indies, a Duty of Sixpence I on every Gallon of Rum or other Spirits imported life £ud Ifland of Newfoundland from any Briti/b Colony or nation in the Wft Indies t And Whereas it is expedient that imported into the faid Ifland from the afbrefaid Colonies of i Demerara and EJfequibo, (hould be placed on the (amt j as Rum imported^from the other Briti/b ColoniesBe it i enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad there t railed, levied, colleded and paid, upon every Gallon of Rum 1 into the laid Ifland of Newfoundland from the aforefud \ of Berbice, Demerara and EfteqMo, the Sum of Sixpence rvery Gallon, and no more; fuefai Duties to be filed for, reco-d and applied in the like manner and under the like Penalties Forfeitures as are provided by the aforefiud recited Ad.

IIL And Whereas a Convention of Commerce and Navigation s been concluded between His Britannic Majefty and His Majefty e King of the Netherlands : And Whereas it is expedient to give Sed to filch Parts of the faid Convention as require the San&on : Parliament f Be it therefore enaded, That from and after the lag of this Ad it Audi be lawful for any of the Subjeds of i fid Majefty the King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprie-smfach Colonsrs, to Import from the Netherlands into the Colo-i of Demerara, Berbice and Efteqmbo, in the Province of Guiana Send America, all the ufual Articles of Supply for their Eftates he tii ColonicSy fuch Articles being neceffary and xequiflte as

Supplies

Regulation* of North American Colonies, to extend to Derne-rars, Sc.

5SO.J. C.IG0.

Rum imported into Newfoundland from Demerara, &c. to pay 6d. per Gallon.

Subjeff a of the Netherlands may import into Demerara, kc. the ufual Articles of Supply, but not for Trade.

48a

C.91

se° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Wine to pay a Duty of i os. per Too.

Dutch Proprietors to export Produce of their Eftatea.

Who are to be considered as Dutch Proprietors.

Provifo as to Dutch and British Subjeds.

Importation and Exportation to be in Ships belonging to Subjects of the Netherlands, See,

Supplies for the Cultivation of the Eftates, or the Clothing, Maintenance and Comfort of the Refidents thereon, and not to exceed what may be deemed neceflary for the Supply of the particular Eftates for which they are to be imported, and to be adually applied to the Purpofes of fuch Supply, and not for Trade; and in cafe of Seizure by any Officer of the Cuftoms of any Importations of fuch Articles, on the ground of their being imported in the Way or for the Purpofes of Trade, and not as Supplies, the Proof that fuch Articles are Supplies, and imported under tne Conditions of the Convention, (hall lie on the Dutch Proprietor importing the fame; and in cafe of fuch Proof being made and given, in confequence of any Difpute arifing thereupon before the Colledor or Principal Officer of the Cuftoms, who is hereby empowered to adminifter an Oath or take Affidavit for the Purpofes of any fuch Examination and Proof under this Ad, the Goods (hall be admitted to Entry: Provided always, that the Importer, before fuch Entry (hall be allowed, (hall enter into Bond, with Two Sureties} in a fufficient Sum, to abide the Decifion of the Board of Cuftoms in England» upon fuch Seizure: Provided alfo, that Wine, as a Medicine and neceffarj’ Article of Supply, may be fo imported to fuch a limited Extent as may-be neceifary for the Purpofes of fuch Supply as a Medicine, and (hall be liable to the Duty of Ten Shillings per Ton, and no more.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for any of the Subjeds of His Majeftjr The King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprietors in fuch Colonies, to export from the (aid Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and EJfequtbo, to the Netherlands, the Produce of their Eftates.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Subjeds of His Majefty The King of the Netherlands, refident in His laid Majefty’s European Dominions, who were at the Date of the Signature of the (aid Convention Proprietors of Eftates in the faid Colonies, and all Subjeds of His faid Majefty who may hereafter become poffefled of Eftates then belonging to Dutch Proprietors therein, and all fuch Proprietors as being then refident in the faid Colonics, and being Natives of His Majefty’s Dominions in the Netherlands, may have declared within Three Months after the Publication of the aforefaid Convention in the faid Colonies, that they wi(h to continue to be confidered as fuch ; and all Subjeds of His faid Majefty The King of the Netherlands, who may be the Holders of Mortgages of Eftates in the faid Colonies, made prior to the Date of the Convention, and who may under their Mortgage Deeds have the Right of exporting from the faid Colonies to the Netherlands the Produce of fuch Eftates, (hall be deemed Dutch Proprietors under the Proviiions of this Ad; provided that where both Dutch and Brtttfh Subjeds have Mortgages upon the fame Property in the faid Colonies, the Produce to be configned to the different Mortgagees (hall be in proportion to the Amount of the Debts refpedively due to them.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all fuch Importation from the Netherlands into the faid Colonies for the Supply of Eftates therein as afore (aid, and Exportation of the Produce of fuch Eftates to the Netherlands, may be carried on in any Ships being the Property of Subjeds of His Majefty The King of the Netherlands, wherever built, and without any Rcftridioa or Limitation as to the

Mariners

D. IMS.

SB* GEO. III.

C.91.

46f

the fame for the Space of Five Year*, com*

[ the firft Day of January Uft : Provided always* that r«f every fuch Snip (hall produce to the proper Officer of tf* Cuftoms in the (aid Colonies refpedivelv* (mtisfadory Me hid VeffePs being owned by a Subjed of His Majefty ; of the Netherlands : Provided alfo* that His laid Majefty Provifo for Or*

„___r of the Netherlands may at any time before the Expiration dm of the King

tied Five Years* if he (hould think proper* order and dired oftheNether-bch Trade (hall be carried on only in fuch Strips as are Dutch u t lad whereof the Mafter and Three Fourths of the Crew are the [Aft of His faid Majefty: And provided always* that after the jukn of the laid Fire Years no fuch Trade (hall be carried on*

■t in Veflels Dutch built* and whereof the Mafter and Three ■fhs of the Crew are Subjeds of His faid Maiefty.

HL And be it further enaded* That all fuch Importations and Duties the fame Mutations (hall be fubjed to the fame Duties as are payable by » Pfy*hle by i Majefty** Subjeds on Importations and Exportations oi the like ^j^®* Sets, and (half be fubjed to the fame Rules* Regulations and bifikos for the due landing of any fuch Produce as aforefaid in ! VetbcrUnds* as are provided by any Ad now in force for the fegtf the like Articles in Great Britaint fo far as the fame are —shenode applicable.

FUL Provided always* and be it further enaded* That it (hall not Pcribnt entitled karfoi for any Perfon or Perfons who by virtue of this Ad may to trade be-eadtied to trade between the faid Colonies and the Dominions of ittajefty The King of the Netherlands * to export the Produce of : before mentioned Eftates within the faid Colonies of Demerara>	JoUiis

ftpfc and Eerhicef to any Part of the United Kingdom* or to Country* &c. if other of His Majefty’s Dominions in Europe.

• IX. And Whereas immediately after the figning of the aforefaid Cboicndoii* certain Veflels may have left the Netherlands* and the OScere of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in the aforefirid Colonies* on bos£ apprized of the aforefaid Convention* may have* by the Au*

Aonty or Order of the Governor or otherwife* been induced to ad

r\fuch Convention upon the Emergency of the Occafion as if (use had been confirmed by Law$ and it is expedient that all Asportations and Admiflions to Entry allowed under the Articles i the (aid Convention (hall be confirmed and rendered validBe therefore enaded* That all Importations and Admiflions to Entry* imputation* unmade in purfuance or in confequence of any of the Articles of the der the Conven-1 Convention* (hall be and are hereby declared to be lawful* and as tion to be deem-xi, valid and effedual as if the fame had been made in purfuance lawful any Ad or Ads of Parliament* or this Ad; and au Perfons Kerned therein (hall be and are hereby indemnified in refped I

I And be it further enaded* That from and after the paifing 54 o. 3. c.71. * * 1 Ad, an Ad pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign raptaltd. prefent Majefty* intituled An A3 for permitting a Trade 1 the United Provinces and certain Colonies now in His ft PoJJkJfion> (ball be and the fame is hereby repealed.

46 Geo. Ill

Ii

CAR

482

C.92,

56* GEO. III.

A.D,

Secretaries of State authorised to liceni'e Per-lons to export Machinery for erecting a Mint in the United States*

Officers of the Cuftoms to take Entries.

Secretaries of State to authorise PerJbns to engage Artificers,

CAP. XCIL An Ad to enable His Majefty to authorize the Exporta

the Machinery neceffary for ereding a Mint in the

States of America.	[a6th Junt

4 \T T HE REAS the Government of the United Statesofi 4 VV are defirous of erecting and eftabliftiing a Mint, and 4 curing and exporting the Machinery neceffary for that P « from this Kingdom : And Whereas Doubts may arife, wbd * Perfon in this Kingdom can execute the fame without being1 4 to certain Penalties and Forfeitures Be it therefore ear The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adii Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, prefect Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of th That it [hall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Principal taries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand anc under fuch Reftridions and Conditions, and in fuch manner ; Majefty (hall think proper, to licenfe and authorize all and Perfon and Perfons whom the Prefident of the faid United I or any Perfon authorized by him for that Purpofe, (hall thud employ for fuch Purpofes, to have in his or their Power, Cufo Poffemon with Intent to export, and to colled, obtain, make, i for or caufe or procure to be made, with Intent to export a export and to do or caufe to be done, all or any Ads men or for or towards the exporting, or which fhall be necefeyto® him or them to make, obtain, have or procure for exported enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, UttSfc* plements or other things, of what Nature foever, or any Parade or any Models or Plans, or Parts thereof, for the effeduallyoal fuch Perfons as aforefaid to ered and eftablifh, or caufe to beer and eftabliftied, fuch Mint as aforefaid, and all Ads, matters things, which [hall be done in purfance of and according to Licence and Authority, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be ful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it [hall be lawful fa Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, and they are hereby require take Entries, and fign Cocquets, Warrants and Sufferances, and1 or caufe to be done all Ads neceffary for the entering out* (hipping or exporting fuch Machinery, Tools, Utenfils, Implca Models, Plans and things as aforefaid, or any Parts thereof rdj ively, and that the fame or the Packages thereof, or the Gi packed therewith, [hall not be liable to Seizure by fuch Office others ; and alfo that it (hall be lawful for all Captains and Malle Ships, Veffels, Lighters or Bo4ts, to take the fame on board tk for the Purpofe of exporting the fame, and in their faid Sh Veffels, Lighters and Boats, to export the fame, as fully i effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any other Goods Merchandize may now by Law be exported.

III.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful fori of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by fuch Wnficj Warrant as aforefaid, to licenfe and authorize any Perfon or Pert whom he (hall name for that Purpofe, to encourage, perfuade, cs trad and agree with fuch Artificers aud Workmen, and others



56‘ GEO. Ill

C. 92, 93*

483

evU Pterion or Perfons (hall think it neceflary to employ for telteqdeofere&ing and eftablifhiog fuch Mint as aforefaid, or fe relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for any and all A&s done by foch Perfon and Perfons, and , Artificers and others in conformity to fuch Licence y, (hall be deemed and taken to be lawful A As, any ■ Statute to the contrary notwitbftaoding. .

9m And for the better enabling any fucn Perfon or Perfons Intake and execute fuch Work as aforefaid,’ Be it further That it (hall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s faid Prin-rctaries of State, by fuch Writing or Warrant as aforefaid, and authorize any Perfon or Perfons to do, or caufe to Mme, any other matter, A€t or thing not herein fpecified, which ■d appear neceflary or expedient to fuch Secretary to licenfe or ■prise far the enabling fuch Perfon or Perfons or the Perfons Ebjred by him or them, to execute fuch Work as aforefaid, and rA£Ut matters and things done in conformity to fuch Licence | Authority,* (hall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any ■ or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding; and in cafe any ■ftioa fiiafl arife, whether any Ad, matter or thing, done or pro-to be done by any fuch Perfon relative to fuch Work as afore-"4 kwh been done, or procured to be done, in. conformity to any A Lance or Authority as aforefaid, or according to the Intent f Meaning thereof, it (hall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s nopal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any fuch ion or on his behalf, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to dare whether the fame hath been done in conformity thereto, or oorffiag to (nch Intent and Meaning; and the Declaration of His (Hefty’s find Secretary fo made that the fame hath been fo done, afl he final and conclufive Evidence that the fame hath been fo toe, and dull be received in all cafes as fuch final and conclufive ndtnce.

and to do every thing necefary to execute the Work.

Declaration of Secretary of State that every thing has been done in conformity to Licence, Evidence thereof

cap. xcur.

d A£k for enabling the Officers of the Cuftoms at Creeks,

Barbours and Bafins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland•

[26th June 1816.]

HE RE AS it is expedient that the Officers of His Majefty’s Vv Cuftoms at Creeks, Harbours and Bafins of Great Bitain, tould be authorized to take the Entries of Goods imported in hips or Veffels arriving from Ireland, or intended to be laden on sard Ships or Veffels bound to Ireland, fo far as refpedts fuch ‘reduce of the United Kingdom as is permitted by Law to pafs om one Country to the other without Payment of Duty;’ Be berefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and h the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

& Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the othority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners nnmif&oners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England for the time the Cuftoroe ing, or any Four or more of them, or for the Commifiioners of His •“thorn* ijrftfiCuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, when, oiticersat t and fo long as they may deem it proper, to authorize the Principal Creeks and Her.

I i 2	Coaft	hours,	to	take

4M

C.93, 94.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.

Entries of certain Goods.

Documents as valid as if taken at Cuftom Houfe.

55 G.3.e. 66. It.

Crufhed Rock Salt may be delivered to Makers of Oxgyen. ated Muriatic Acid for Bleaching under the Regulations pre-feribed by recited Aft

Coaft Officer or Comptroller, or other Principal Officer Cuiloma it any Creek, Harbour or Bafin of Greet Brit take the Entries of Goods imported in any Ship or Vdfc Ireland9 or intended to be laden on board any Ship or Vefid to Ireland, fo far as refpe&s fuch Produce of the United Ka as is permitted to pafs from one Country to the other s Payment of Duty.

II.	And it is hereby further ena&ed. That every Docunri and Deed, in refpe& thereof, taken by and in the Prefaced Officers, (hall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effeSal Intents and Purpofes, and fubjed and liable to ail Rda, gulations, Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if takes I Cuftom Houfe by and in the Prefence of the Colledoi Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port to which fuch C Harbours and Bafms belong ; any thing contained in any /. Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithfbudug.

CAP. XCIV.

An Ad to allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Ac take cruflied Rock Salt, Duty free, for making fuch At Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton.

[26th Jeer li

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Yard Reign of His prefent Majefty, for (amongft akrdijj allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to & S Duty tree, for making tuch Acid or Oxymuriate ofljnej bleaching Linen and Cotton} any Maker or Makers of Oijfn Muriatic Add, or Oxymuriate of Lime, in Great Brink receive and have delivered to him, her or them, fromiodJ any Warehoufe belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mie, Pit, or Salt Work, or Salt Refinery, for making Oxyga Muriatic Acid, for the foie Purpofe of bleaching linen or ft Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yd Twift, or other Goods manufadured of Linen or Cotton, or ufed, employed, fpent or confumed in the making of Oxym of Lime, for the idle Purpofe of fuch bleaching as aforefud, fuch Bond or Security as is preferibed and dire&ed bytteu And Whereas it is expedient to permit fuch Maker or Makf Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, for tk Purpofe aforefaid, to receive and nave delivered to him, k them, from and out of any Warehoufe belonging and adjoiniq any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, any crufhed Rock Salt, for the Purpofe aforefaid, upon fuch Bond as aforefaid ;* Be it tberel cnaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and vid Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempi, 1 Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Asti rity of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of /ijij thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, it (hall and may be hi and for any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic At Oxymuriate of Lime, in Great Britain, to receive and have dd to him, her or them, from and out of any Warehoufe belong adjoining to any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, Salt Work or Sait Jw crufhed Rock Salt for making Oxygenated Muriatic Add r

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. in.

C.94.

486

foie Purpofe of bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twill, or other Goods manufadored of Linen or Cotton, or to be ufed, employed, fDent or confumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the foie Pur* fftfe of fuch bleaching as aforefaid, under and fubjed to the feveral Provifions and Regulations prefcribed and contained in the laid Ad with refped to the Salt to received and delivered at aforefaid, as fully and efie&ually, as if the fame were repeated and contained in the prefent Ad.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all Salt to be received and Salt to be mixed delivered to any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid,

or Oxymuriate of Lime, under the Provifions of the faid laft recited 2®*? "Jr Ad, tor the Purpofes aforefaid, (hall before fuch Delivery and after nUckMan-fuch Salt lhall have been weighed for that Purpofe, be thoroughly ganefe. mixed in the Prefence of the Officer with Powder of Black Man. ganefe in the Proportion of Five Pounds of fuch Powder of Black Manganefe with every Bulhel of fuch Salt; and that the Officer (hall, in the Permit to be given for the Removal of fuch Salt, exprefs the Quantity of Salt only, fpecifying that fuch Salt has been mixed with Powder of Black Manganefe in the Proportion aforefaid ; and Such mixed Selli that the Officer who (hall afterwards attend the mixing of fuch Salt to be u(ed in lieu with Vitriolic Add and Manganefe and Water, as prefcribed by the ^ faid Ad, for the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, (hall permit fuch Salt fo mixed as aforefaid to be ufed in lieu of genuine mer- Oxygenated chantable Salt, otherwife called Muriate of Soda, Unmixed with any Muriatic Acid. Dirt, Rubbi(h or other extraneous Material or Ingredient what, foever, and fit and proper for Halting Provifion for the Food of Man, and (hall deduct Five Pounds Weight of Manganefe from the Weight of Manganefe direded by the laid Ad to be then mixed with every Fifty fix Pounds Weight of Salt, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity; and fuch Certificate of mixing (hall be granted in refped of fuch Salt as is direded by the laid Ad, in refped of mixing genuine merchantable Salt; and no fuch Maker or Makers (hall be fubjed in refped of fuch Mixture of Powder of Black Manganefe with fuch Salt before the Delivery thereof as aforefaid to the Penalty impofed by the faid Ad upon any fuch Maker or Makers, who (hall before the making of any Salt in* tended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganefe and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganefe, under or by virtue of the faid Ad, dandeflinely add to fuch Salt any extraneous or adulterating .Material or Materials, or Subftance or Subfiances whatsoever, any thing in the faid Ad to the contrary thereof notwithfianding.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing in die faid Paper Makers

recited Ad or in this Ad contained, (hall prevent, or be confirued w* prevented to prevent, any Maker or Makers of Paper, from ufing in the frroufing Chy* bleaching of Rags to be employed by fuch Maker or Makers of	0

Paper in the Manufadure of Paper, any Oxymuriate of Lime or Bleaching Liquor, made and prepared in the manner and accordinjg to the Dune&ions, and by the Perfons entitled to make the fame, m and by the laid recited Ad and this Ad made, mentioned and prefcribed.

-liS

CAP.

466

C.95.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I

4

Hit Majefty

may empower any Perfon to transfer the zoool. Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities now (landing in the Name of the ^iflolved College

CAP. XCV.

An A£t to authorize fuch Perfon as His Majefty (hall a] to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent duced Annuities, now (landing in the Name of the dii College of Hertford, in the Univerfity of Oxford; m to receive Dividends due upon fuch Annuities.

[a6th Jut i(

4 YT7HEREAS by the Laws in being, relative to theTij 4 W of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, 1

*	are directed to be kept by the Accountant General of th 4 vernor and Company of the Bank of England for the time 1

*	wherein all Alignments or Transfers o? fuch Annuities ft

*	entered and regiftered, and fuch Entries are to be conceii 4 proper Words for that Purpofe, and to be (igned by the I 4 making fuch Transfers, or, if fuch Party be abfent, by I

*	their refpeftive Attorney or Attomies thereunto lawfully a 4 rized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hacd 4 Seals, to be attefled by Two or more credible Witne/Ts; a 4is alfo declared, that no other Method of afligning andtniafa

*	fuch Annuities lhall be good or available in Law: And Wk

*	by an Inquilition taken at the City of Oxford, on the Ml

*	of May laft, by virtue of a Commiffion under the Qmi Seal1 4 Great Britain^ it was (araongft other things) found tbi fk 4 ford College, in the Univerfity of Oxford, on the Twenty

4 Day of Junef in the Year One thousand eight hundred md i

*	became and was diffolved, and that the faid diffolved College a

*	time of its Diffolution was poiTeffed of One thoufand Pci

*	Capital Stock in the Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Ai:d 4 (landing in the Names of the Principal and Fellows of

4 College, Oxford, in the Books of the Governor and Compaq 4 the Bank of England; and that (ince the Diffolution of tic

*	diffolved College the Dividends on the faid Sum of One ttad 4 Pounds Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities had beec,

*	(lill were in arrear and unpaid ; and that the faid Stocks, Fa

*	Monies and Securities had efeheated and devolved, and did t 4 belong to His Majeily, by virtue of His Prerogative Royal, i 4 the fame were, by the Comraiffioners in the faid Commiffion m 4 feized into the Hands of His Majefty ; but by reafon of the L 4 aforefaid there are no Means of making a Transfer of fuch J

*	nuities, or of receiving the Arrears of Dividends due there c without the Authority of Parliament ;* Be it therefore ecad by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Add and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cow in this prefent Parliament anembled, and by the Authority oi tl fame, That it (hall and may be lawful, for His Majeftjr, hisHd and Succeffors, by Warrant under His or their Royal Sign Mica to appoint and empower any Perfon or Perfons to aflign and tmsJ the faid Sum of One thoufand Pounds Capital Stock of Three /■ Cent. Reduced Annuities, into the Name of any other Mod ( Perfons, and alfo to receive all fuch Dividends as aie or Hull b due and in arrear upon the (mid Capital Stock, and to give prope Receipts and Difcharges for the fame) and fuch PerfonorPerfw

A.D.1816*

56° GEO. III.

487

C. 95,96.

fb appointed and empowered as afbrefaid may and (hall, and he and of Hertford, into

they is and are hereby authorized to ailign and transfer the faid Sum the Ntmesof

of One thoufand Pounds Capital Stock, now (landing in the Books oth*r Pef“

of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the tS^vidcwhT^

Name of the Principal and Fellows of Hertford College, Oxford,

into the Name of any other Perfon or Perfons; and alfo to receive

and give proper Receipts and Difcharges for all fuch Dividends

vpon the faid Capital Stock, as are or (hall be due and in arrear;

any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not withft an din g.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Governor and Com- Bank indcm-pany of the Bank of England\ and their Sueceilbrs, (hall be, and nified. they are hereby held harmlefs and indemnified from and againfi' all Claims and Demands of or by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or by reafon or in confequence of the Transfer of the faid Sum of One thoufand Pounds Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities, hereinbefore authorized and direded to be transferred, or in any manner refpe&ing the fame, or for or by reafon or in confequence of the Payment by the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ of the Dividends hereinbefore dire&ed to be received; and the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall not be required to fee to the Application of the faid Dividends, nor be in any manner refponfible for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft for eftabliflring an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.	[26th	June	1816.]

‘ Mod Gracious Sovereign,

4 YY7HEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 VV England are willing and contented to advance the Sum of 4 Three Millions Sterling for the Public Service, in the manner and 4 upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, upon the 4 faid Governor and Company being authorized and empowered by 4 Parliament to increafe their Capital Stock, which now confifts of 4 Eleven millions fix hundred and forty-two thoufand four hundred 4 Pounds to Fourteen millions five hundred and fifty-three thou-4 fand Pounds, and that the propofed Encreafe of Two millions 4 nine hundred and ten thoufand fix hundred Pounds may be ap-4 propriated amongft the Proprietors of Bank Stock at the Rate of 4 Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Bank Stock 4 which they refpe&ively hela on the Twenty-third Day of May 4 One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and, until Repayment 4 to the faid Governor and Company of the faid Sum of Three * Millions, upon the PromifTory Notes of the faid Governor and 4 Company, expreffed to be payable to Bearer on Demand, being 4 received in Payment of all Sums of Money which now are or 4 (hall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, and 4 being accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of 4 the Revenue authorized to receive the fame if offered to be fo 4 paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted; and 4 that in confederation of the above propofed Encreafe of the Capital

J i 4	■	4	of

MS

C. 96.

56° GEO. III.

Bank to advance 3,ooo,ocol. at Three per Cent.

Intereft to be paid yearly.

Time of Repay* ment of Principal.

Capital Stock of the Bank en-creafed:

A.D1

*	of Bank Stock, and of the Notes of the laid Governor i

*	puy being received in Payment of every Branch of the!

*	Revenue as aforefaid, the fa>d Governor and Company (hallf 4 the faid Sum of Three Millions Sterling for the Public j

*	to be paid on fuch Days during the prefent Year, and i 4 manner as Parliament (hall direa and appoint, the Rq

*	thereof to be fecured with Intereft at the Rate of Three i

*	per Annum payable annually, and to be repaid at fuch I « Parliament {hall dire& and appoint, not beyond the Fail € Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and thirty three, ad

*	charged and chargeable upon and to be repaid out of the I

*	lidated Fund, unlefs otherwife provided for by Parliament a we, Your Majcfty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Col of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland is I ment afleipbled, being defirous to raife with as much Ea Advantage as poflible to Your Subjeds the neceffary SuppliJ to encourage the faid Governor and Company to advance \ Sum of Three Millions, dp moft humbly befeech Your Maje it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft £ Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confeat of the Lordi £ and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament if and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be ^ to and for the faid Governor and Company, and theyivl authorized and empowered, on or before the Tenth Dq«f 0 One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen, to advance aifc His Majefty, at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer,^ Credit of the Confolidated Fund, the Sum of Three MillioniSl at an Intereft of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, fuch I to be payable annually to the faid Governor and Company! Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, any thing contained if A& or A As of Parliament to the contrary notwithftaDdiar J

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Repayment of t Sum of Three Millions and the Intereft thereof at the Rate afe be and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable up< Confolidated Fund, unlefs otherwife provided for by Pirlia that fuch Intereft (hall be paid annually to the faid Govt Company, at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer; tbt annual Payment thereof to commence and be made withi Days after the Expiration of One Year from the time wh< faid Sum of Three Millions (hall have been advanced by tht Governor and Company as authorized and direded by this i and that the faid Sum of Three Millions with all Arrears of loll thereon (hall be repaid to the faid Governor and Company all time or times as Parliament (hall direft or appoint, but foal Repayment of the faid Principal Sum with ail Arrears of In thereon (hall be made and completed on or before the Firftl Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and thirty-three.

ill. And be it further enaded. That in confidmtioa of tbel Advance of Three Millions for the Public Service ai aforefaid, { Capital Stock of the faid Governor and Company be and tie I hereby encreafed and extended from the Sum of Eleven miHjons k bundled and forty two thoufand four hundred Pounds, of which the fame now confifts, to the Sum of Fourteen millions five hundred ad fifty three thoufand Pounds, snaking an Encreafe or Addition of

ii	Tvo

|IS16

56* GEO.UL

C. 96.

489

nine hundred and ten thoufand fix hundred Pounds and that the (aid Sum of Two millions nine hundred To bt divid'd tad fix hundred Pounds Capital Stock (hall he ap- ,n?on*th* prO“ aad divided amongft the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic

who were Proprietors of Bank Stock on the Twenty for every xooL of May One thoufimd eight hundred and fixteen9 at Bank Stock.

•f Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of which Such Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, were ivdy Proprietors of or had Handing in their refpeftive the Books kept by the fiud Governor and Company for and Transfer of fuch Stock, and fo in Proportion for a arlefler Stun, and fuch Divifion and Appropriation ihall.be lathe Credit of the refpeftive Names of fuch Perfons, Bodies ~ Corporate, in the Books of the fiud Governor and Com-dmgiy ; and all fuch Perfons, Bodies Politic and Cor-lull from the time of fuch Divifion and Appropriation be entitled to the additional Sum of Bank Stock fo placed in Credit of their refpeftive Names, and (hall refpeftively be 1 to be paid the fame Rate of Dividend thereon, and to poflefs the fame Profits, Privileges and Advantages in refpeft » Hoe manner to all Intents and Purpofes as they were to be paid, poflefs and enjoy in refpeft of the Bank Stock load m their refpeftive Names on the faid Twenty third Day One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

And be it further enafted, That until Repayment to the faid Bank Notes to r aad Company of the faid Sum of Three Millions and all ** received in to beeome due thereon, the Promiflory Notes of the faid E*ofJ?e aod Company, expreffed to be payable to Bearer on De» w * ev u * id (called Bank Notes), (hall be received in Payment of all Sums Hooey which now are or at any time hereafter (hall become pay-r for or in refpeft of any Part of the Public Revenue, and (hall Accepted and received 'accordingly by all Collectors, Receivers .-other OfScen of the Revenue authorized to receive the fame Bend o be So paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only

» And be it further enafted, That the Capital Stock of the (aid Eocreafed Cspi-troor and Company of the Bank of England fo encreafed as	s^ock‘°.be

daid (hall be afugnable and transferable m the fame manner as	manner"

Sriginal Capital Stock of the faid Governor and Company was the Original, ■able aod transferable before the making of this Aft, and with the Produce thereof (hall be free from Parliamentary facts, Charges and Impofitions, and all other Taxes, Charges and spofitioo* whatsoever; and the Transfers or Alignments of Stock ’ additional Stock in the Books of the fiud Company (hall not matter be or be made liable to any higher or greater Stamp or ibtr Duties than are now payable for the Transfers or Afiignmenta i their prelent Stock, or any Part thereof; any thing in tins Aft steamed or in anr other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary a aprifc cotwit branding.

CAP,

4$G.3. c-4-

An Account (hall be taken Quarterly of Amount of Balances for Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, Balance to be retained*

C. 97.	66°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1816.

CAP. XCVII.

An AGt to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, a Proportion of the Balance that fhall remain from time to time in the Bank of England for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed.	[26th June 1816.3

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT 7 HE REAS by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to authorixe 4 the advancing, for the Public Service, upon certain Conditions, a 4 Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for 4 Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities and Lottery Prixet ; 4 and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management 4 of the National Debt; it was among other things ena&ed, that 4 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England fhould pay 4 into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminfier, out 4 of the Balances in their Hands .of Sums iffued for the Payment of 4 Dividends due and not demanded, and of unclaimed Lottery Prizes 4 or Benefits, the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, for the 4 Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight: And 4 Whereas the faid Governor and Company duly paid the (aid Sum m 4 purfuance of the faid A€t: And Whereas a confiderable Balance 4 now remains in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of England, for the Payment of Dividends on account of 4 the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and 4 Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed ; and it is 4 juft and expedient that a Part of the faid Balance (hould be ad-4 vanced for tne Service of the Public, on condition that if at any 4 time the faid Balance (hall be reduced to a lefs Sum than One hun-4 dred thoufand Pounds, then and in that cafe fo much of the Monies 4 advanced by the faid Governor and Company as (hall be equal to 4 the Sum by which the faid Balance (hall be lefs than the Sum of 4 One hundred thoufand Pounds, (hall be repaid to the faid Governor

•	and Company ;* Therefore we, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within Thirty Days after the Expiration of every Quarter an Account (hall be taken of the lowed Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of Sums iflued for the Payment of Dividends and Terminable Annuities bn account of the National Debt due and not demanded, and for the Payment of Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and alfo of Sums which (hall have been iflued for the Payment of Principals of Stocks or Annuities remaining unclaimed ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Governor and Company to retain a Balance of One hundred thoufand Pounds from and out of the lowed Sum to which the Dividends, Terminable Annuities, Lottery Prizes and Principals of

Stocks



C. 97.

491

56* GEO. III.

I, due and remaining unclaimed, (hall appear by fuch rasfare been reduced at any time in fuch Quarter ; and the ftkc Amount which (hall remain due and unclaimed, deduffc-wn fuch Sum as may be due and payable to the Commif-the Reduction of the National Debt by virtue of an A6fc i of Parliament, over and above fuch Sum of One hun-. Pounds as aforefaid, (hall, upon the Fifth Day of July 9 Day of 03ober9 the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth _ I April, in every Year, be paid into the Receipt of His Ma-ILxchequer, and applied to fuch Services as (hall be dire&ed by 'lit, without any Intereft for the fame ; and if at any time r the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and the Bank of England, which have been ifilled to them lent of any fuch Dividends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, ripah of Stocks and Annuities, due and remaining unclaimed, i reduced to a lefs Sum than One hundred thoufand Pounds, , 1 Governor and Company (hall forthwith tranfmit a Certificate fee fame, figned by One of their Cafhiers, to the Commiffioners fee Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, Ufa* the Auditor of the Exchequer for the time being, con-fer a true Statement of the Amount to which the faid Monies I nea be reduced ; and that forthwith on the fame Day on which Hbch Certificate containing fnch Statement as aforefaid (hall be fated to the faid Auditor at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the V Auditor (hall make out a proper Debenture, direfting the Pay-it of fudh Sum of Money as it (hall appear by fuch Certificate ft faid Balances (hall be reduced under One hundred thoufand Wads, which fad Sum of Money (hall, in cafe the faid Governor 4 Company of the Bank of England (hall demand the fame, be fadaod psad out of any Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer, Wr Aids or Supplies granted to His Majefty, for the Service of tamneot Year or of any preceding Year, or out of any Mdhies fag from the Surplus of the Confolidated Fund which may remain fifee End of any Quarter for the Difpofitiou of Parliament; and faf fuch Debenture, being carried to the Clerk of the Pells, (hall Mntbwith recorded in the ufual Method in which Debentures are ifcm recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers on whom any fct Debenture (hall be charged, (hall, upon the fame being pre-

td to him or them, immediately pay or caufe to be paid to the Cdhier or Cafhiers, for the Ufe of the faid Governor and Comity the Sum contained in fuch Debenture accordingly; and in Ife, after the Repayment of any Part of the Monies which fhall aw been advanced under this A&, the faid Balances fhall at any ine be again further reduced, in fuch cafe, as often as the fame fhall toppen, fuch a further Sum fhall in like manner be repaid to the faid fawmor and Company, as fhall keep' a Balance in the Hands of the fed Governor and Company, for the Payment of any Annuities or Bnidends, Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Principals of Stocks and Asstkies, due and not demanded as aforefaid, of One hundred thou-had Pounds.

11. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in every cafe in which any fuch Money fhall not be immediately iffiied to the faid Governor and* Company, or their Cafhier, upon fuch Certificate 'as aforefaid, kteitft at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum

t*r

Remainder of

Unclaimed DU vidends to he paid into the Exchequer.

If Balance be reduced. Deficiency to be made good.

Certificate.

Proceeding* when it appears that Balaw e reduced under ioojoool.

Intereft to be paid for Money not immediately iffiied.

Confolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland (hall become One Gene* rat Consolidated Fund.

C. 97a 98.	56# GEO. IIJ.	A.R

per Annum Audi be charged by and paid to the bid Goto Company upon fuch Sum, until the (ante Audi be iffued and the fetid GoTcrnor and Company.

cap. xcvra.

An Aft to unite and confolidate into One Fund all tbe Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland; and to proii the Application thereof to the General Service of the I Kingdom.

WHEREAS it hath become expedient, for further a into effeft the Frovifions and Purpofes of Two fern; 4 for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, (the One made * Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty modi and F * Years of His Prefent Maiefty’s Reign, and the other nude * Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His hid Mi 4 Reign,) that all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and I 4 fhoidd be confolidated and applied to the Service of the ( * Kingdom ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod i lent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confect of the J Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Paris aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from ad the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred aadfestf all Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money mi toss of what nature or kind foever, which, under or brutedi Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain or Ireland mpe£Mj*' time of the palling of this Aft, and immediately before the Sal! Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fevenmU may conftitute or form Part of, or be direfted to he earned u feveral Funds called the Confolidiated Fund of Great Britan am Confolidated Fund of Ireland refpeftively, Audi be carried % (hall be and become, and (hall form and conftitute One fc Fund, to be called the Confolidated Fund of the United lie of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the feud Confolidated! of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland wbetfe fame or any Part thereof fhall be in the Exchequer of Greet Br or in the Exchequer of Ireland, (hall, in the Firft Place, be cto and chargeable with, and Audi from time to time be appM diferiminateiy to the Payment of the whole of tbe Ioterci ol National Debts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Sid Funds applicable to the Reduftion thereof, as One joint Coal dated National Debt, lntereft and Sinking Fund; and in tbe a Place, the faid Confolidated Fund of the faid United Kingdom I in like manner be charged and chargeable with, and ftaUbrappi to the Payment of the Salaries and other Charges of Hi*H$! Civil Lift Eftabliihments in Great Britain and Ireland; ai ® ® next Place, the faid Confolidated Fund of the faid United fhall be in like manner charged and chargeable with, and m 1 applied in Payment of all other Charges whatfoever, madepar^ out of the Confolidated Funds of Great Britain or Inked ively, undei or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in feme imtatim before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hunfc «nd Seventeen, and afterpayment and Satiafaftion of ail the afcrt faid Charges, the feud Confolidated Fund of tbe United Kington

.mi

56* GEO. IIL

C.98.

be ■ Ike maimer indifcrimioately applied to the Service of lingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part bll be directed by Parliament, and (hall be ifliied and in manner and under the Authority hereinafter

► Amd be it farther enaded, That from and after the Fifth Day One thouiand eight hundred and feventeeen, the Offices Xreafurer of Great Britain and Lord High Treafurer 11 be united into One Office, and the Perfon holding * ftflil be called Lord High Treafurer of the United King-Great Britain and Ireland; and that whenever there (hall ' fach Lord High Treafurer, it (hall and may be lawful for ky» by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Bri-Sippoiut Commiffioners for executing the Offices of Treafurer f Exchequer of Great Britain and Lord High Treafurer of if and that fuch Commiffioners (hall be called Commiffioners m *n Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and that the faid Commiffioners (hall have all fuch i Authorities in and through the whole of the faid United with refped to the Collection, Iffuing and Application ble Revenues of the United Kingdom, as at the time of of this Ad, and immediately before the faid Fifth Day y One thouiand eight hundred and feventeen, are or (hail be vefted in the Commiffioners of the Treafury in Great ' Ireland refpedively, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament, tow, Lot, Ufage or Cuftom m force in Great Britain or Ireland feadiidji by whatever Names or Defcriptions fuch Commiffioners TbtTndvy fhall or may have been at any time known or de-*£bed| lave and except in fo far as any fuch Powers or Authorities fay be abocd or amended by this Ad ; and that all Officers and fmst Pcrfboi concerned or employed in the Colledion or Manage-o£ the Revenues in and through every Part of the United osi) fhall be in all refpeds fubjed to the Orders and Controul hid Lord High Treafurer or the faid Commiffioners of His fn Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and i; and fhall be liable to all fuch Penalties and Punifhments for i of fuch Orders as they are or would be fubjed or liable ftaader and by virtue of any Ads, Laws, Ulages or Cuftoms, with P%ed to the Powers of the Commiffioners of the Treafury in force k Great Britain and Ireland refpedively at the time of tne palling I this Ad and immediately before the faid Fifth Day of January Ole thouiand eight hundred and feventeen.

III.	And be it further enaded, That whenever in this Ad, or in tor Ad to be made at any time after the paffing of this Ad, the Words w Commiffioners of His Maiefty** Treafury,” or the Words " Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury pf the United Kingdom * of Great Britain and Irelandare or fhall be ufed, the fame fhall M conftrued to extend and apply to the Commiffioners for executing Offices of Treafurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain and Lord High Treafurer of Ireland9 whenever fuch Commiffion (hall be % force; amd that all and every Ad and Ads which at any time bail or may have been done or executed, or (hall or may be done or extorted by the Commiffioners of Hii Majefty’s Treafury in Great Iritm or Ireland or the United Kingdom refpedively, under or by

virtue

A93

Offices of Treafurer of Great Britain and Ireland united, and may he executed by Commit!?often.

Officers uf the Revenue fubjeft to Order* of the Treafury.

The Words “ Commiffioners of Treafury,**

&c. to apply to Commiffioners for executing the Offices of Treafurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain and Treafurer of Ireland

494

C. 98.

56* GEO. III.

A Vice Trea-furer appointed.

Salary.

Vice Trea furer to take Oath before the Chancellor of Ireland.

is os- w

Vice Treafurer empowered to appoint a Deputy.

Payment for the annual Eftablifh-ment and Ex-pences of the Office.

Money (hall be iirued out of the Treifury of Ireland on the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant, counterfeited by the Vice Treafurer.

ADI

virtue or Authority of any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cufton, before the palling of this Ad, (hall be good* valid and effefo Intents and Purpofes, notwithftanding any Error or Omiffic Names or Defcriptions whereby any fuch Commiffionen Treafury (hall or may have been at any time known, or o described.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That (for the Purpofeiof out of the Exchequer of Ireland all Sums which (hall bep the fame, under or by virtue of the feveral Ads which wr hereafter may be in force in Ireland for that Purpofe, ordk be paid into the fame out of the General Revenae of thel Kingdom, under the Orders of the Commiffionen of His Mi Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ind Ink fhaU and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Hein and Soo from time to time, by Letters Patent under the Great Sol land, to appoint a Vice Treafurer for Ireland, with a yearly not exceeding Two thoufand Pounds Briti/b Sterling a Year, paid to fuch Perfon for the executing of the faid Office, payd of the Revenue appropriated to His Majefty’s Civil Lift Eft ment in Ireland\

V.	And be it further enaded. That fuch Vice Tneafarerfa land to be appointed in manner aforefaid (hall take fuch Oub b the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, or before the Consift for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Ireland, as was accdm be taken by the Vice Treafurer of Ireland, before the j*% d Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty ftkrar His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for tie ten lij ation of the Receipts and IJfues of His Majefty* s Treafury, ad repealing an A3 of Parliament puffed in the Tenth Tear if Heart Seventh, intituled * An A3 authorizing the Treafurer to «ih * Officers as the Treafurer of England doth;* and that it/WI may be lawful for fuch Vice Treafurer for Ireland to appeal Perfon to be his Deputy to ad during his Abfence or Iocapa from Sicknefs; and that all Ads done by fuch Deputy IhiE be good and valid to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were doc? luch Vice Treafurer in his own proper Perfon; and that fuch 1 Treafurer (hall be anfwerable and refponfible for all Ads done fuch Deputy in the Execution of the Duty of his Office; aodi it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Goter or Governors of Ireland from time to time, by his or their Win to the faid Vice Treafurer, to order the Iffue and Payment out of faid Exchequer of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money for the m Eftablifhment and incidental and contingent Expences attemfor a the faid Office of Vice Treafurer, as the Commiffioners of 1 Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britm i Ireland (hall from time to time order and dined.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the Fifth D of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, do Moix (hall be ifTued out of the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ink* otheswife than by the Vice Treafurer for Ireland, under the AijiIk rity of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Goran* of Ireland, in manner hereinafter mentioned; and that the faid Vie Treafurer (hall not iffue, nor caufe to be iffued, out of the faid Rf ceipt of the Exchequer of Ireland\ any Sum or Sums of Mote

>.1S16*

56° GEO. IIL

C.98.

495

r (except as hereinafter mentioned), until fulh Vice Trea-[Jaie received a Warrant, under the Hand of fuch Lord , or other Chief Governor or Governors, direded to the furer for that Purpofe; and that the faid Vice Trea-I eounterfign all fuch Warrants of fuch Lord Lieutenant,

* Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that after Signature upon fuch Warrant, fuch Warrant (hall be [ marked by any Officer or Perfon thereto authorized by I’Vke Treafurer, and whereof Notice (hall be given by the Be Treafurer to the Auditor Gcueral of the faid Exchequer ; mBk Warrant, fo being duly entered and marked, (hall be a fuffi-; Authority to the faid Auditor General of His Majefty’s Ex* Mf «f Ireland, for the KTue by the faid Auditor General of (Mr for Payment on the Teller of the faid Exchequer: Pro-4 Amys, that there (hall be a fufficient Authority for all fuch Wtatt under fome Grant from His Maiefty, or fome of his Royal Aarffbcsy or under fome Ad or Ads of Parliament in that behalf, mot otherwife ; and that aft ffleh Payments (hall not exceed the tamnt authorized under the refpedive Ads by virtue of which a Iffnes (hall be made, or the annual Grants of Parliament, as the K (ball be fpecified in the Appropriation Ads of each Seffion. VIL Provided always, and he it enaded. That all Warrants kb AoB have been (igned by the Commiffioners for executing the ice of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, bearing Date on or be-' Fifth Day of January One tboufand eight hundred and feven-t^asd which (hall then remain in the Office of the Auditor General he Exchequer, unfatisfied and unpaid, or partly unfatisfied or un-d, (hall be good, full and fufficient Authority to the faid Auditor sacral for the Iffue of his Order to the Teller of the Exchequer for tyment, until the full Amount of fuch Warrants be fatisned and id; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith: uding.

VIII.	And, in order that no Annual Grants of Parliament may exceeded, be it further enaded, That all Grants under the Great Privy Seal or Sign Manual of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succef-•s, King's Letters or King’s Warrants, direding the Iffue of any wey for Services in Ireland out of fuch Annual Grants, (hall be ered and recorded in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer rreoi Britain, who (hall caufe the Entry thereof to be certitied reon, and the fame to be forthwith returned to the Commiffioners iis Majefty’s Teeafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Irelandin order to their being tranfmitted to the Lord Lieu-mt of Ireland.

IX.	And Whereas great Inconvenience would arife to the Public ervice if the IfTues from the Exchequer iii either Part.of the United kingdom, for the Payment of Intereft and Sinking Fund of the (ational Debt, and of fuch Charges as, according to the Pradice eretofore prevailing in the faid Exchequers refpedively, have iually been paid immediately before or after the Clofe of .every Quarter, were delayed until the refpedive Quarterly Accounts of the Exchequers of Great Britain and Ireland were made up and fettled For preventing, of fuch Inconvenience, be it enaded, hat is regard to the Exchequer in Great Britain, it (hall be lawful r tie Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s

Treafury

Authority for fuch Payments-

Warrants prior to Jan. j, 1817, to be paid.

IfTues for Ireland to be recorded iu the Exchequer of Great Britain.

I flues may be made from the Exchequers in

C. 98.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1916.

Great Britain # and Irelaod, for Payment of In-tereft and Sinking Fund of National Debt, fee*, without waiting for Quarterly Accounts.

Quarterly Accounts of Consolidated Fund in Great Britain and Ireland (hall be tranfmitted from each Country to the other, and deposited in the feveral Exchequers.

Treafury may dire& the ISlue of any Part of the Quarterly Surplus of Con-folidited Fund in either Exchequer, for the Purpofe of Remittance to the other.

ISTues may be made in Ireland out of Consolidated Fund, for current Services

Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being ; and, with regard to the Exchequer in Ireland, it (hail be lawful for the Vice Treafurer for Ireland, under Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner by this Ad provided, to dired the Iffue of all fuch Sums as may be neceflary for the Payment of the Intereft and Sinking Fund of the National Debt, which (hall be payable in either Part of the United Kingdom, and of all fuch Charges as have heretofore ufually been defrayed out of the Confolidated Funds thereof mfpedively, immediately before or after the Clofe of every Quarter, although the Accounts of the refpedive Exchequers (hau not have been made up and fettled} any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enaded, That as foon as the Quarterly Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom (hall have been made up in the refpedive Exchequers of Great Britain and Ire-land, a Copy of the Account of fuch Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, as (hall have arifen in Great Britain within the preceding Quarter, (hall be drawn out and certified by the Auditor of the Exchequer there, and be tranfmitted to the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiifioncrs of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, who (hall caufe the fame to be tranfmitted to the Vice Treafurer for Ireland, with Diredions to him to caufe the fame to be depofited in the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, for the Information of the proper Officers there ; and a Copy of the Account of fuch Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom as (hall have arifen in Ireland within the preceding Quarter, (hall in like manner be drawn out and certified by the Auditor General of the Exchequer there, and be tranfmitted to the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who (hall order the fame to be depofited in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Information of the proper Officers there.

XI* And be it further enaded. That whenever the Surplus'* of Confolidated Fund remaining in the refpedive Exchequers of Great Britain or Ireland at the Clofe of any Quarter, (hall have been ascertained and certified as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, as the cafe may be, to order and dired that all or any Part of fuch Surplus remaining in the Exchequer of either Part of the United Kingdom, (hall be lffiied to fuch Perfon or Perfons as in fuch Warrant may be named, for the Purpofe of being remitted and transferred to the Exchequer of the other Part of the United Kingdom, as the Exigencies of the Public Service of the United Kingdom may appear to them to require.

XII. And be it further enaded. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any I(Tues being made from the Exchequer in Ireland out of the growing Pro* duce of the Confolidated Fund arifing from time to time in that Part

of

D.181*

B69 GEO. IIL

a 99.

4fi7

_ for the neceflkry current Services thereof i the invariable Courfe aad Practice which hath heretofore rthere; ftsch Iffues, neverthelefs, to be made in the Form dircded by this Ad t Provided always, that on or be-IFvft Day of February in every Year, an Account (hall be the Exchequer of Ireland, of all Sums which (hall have out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund, e during the refpedive Quarterly Periods commencing and afonfirid, fenr defraying the current Services of Ireland, in foot Account toe Heads of Service for which fuch Sfm made ; which Account (hall be certified by the Auditor

eof His h£ajefty*s Exchequer there, and (hall be forthwith fedjby the Vice Treafurer to the Lord High Treafurer, or “ i of His Majefty*s Treafury of the United Kingdom a^d Ireland; and fuch Lord High Treafurer, or or axfy-Three or more of fuch Contmiffioners, as the Mr be, (hall thereupon, by a Warrant under his or their Hand Sms, order and dired that out of any of the Aids or Supplies of 9nm remaining in the Exchequer in Great Britain, applicable to BMdnrw of fuch Sum or Sums refpedively, a 8um or Sums (A ta fuch certified Amount of the Iffues made out of the growing 4poe of the Confolidated Fund, arifiag in Ireland for defraying loom Services there, (hall be carried and placed to the Account Cmdit of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom within i Owner, and the feme (hall thereupon be carried and placed to t Account and Credit by the Auditor of the Receipt of His jpRy’t Exchequer in Great Britain, and by the Auditor General tea Mriefctli Exchequer in Ireland.

HIT. And bet further enaded, That fo much of an Ad made AaPaAneat of Ireland, intituled An AS for Hefting a certain udh Commiftknere at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to direS the ftkotion of additional Fundi in cafe of future Loans to the like Ifoftt t or of any Ad for amending tne fame, as direds that tab Peribos (hall be Commiffioners for carrying into Execution Furpofcs of the (aid Ad, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed;

[ that from from and after the Fifth Day of January Onethoufand g hundred and feventeen, the Cornmifuoners for the Redudion of National Debt of Great Britain (hall be and become Commiffioners the Redudion of the National Debt of the United Kingdom • and the find Commiffioners (hall have all fuch Powers and Authorities re or may be given in and by aav Ad or Ads in force in Great tom or Ireland, relative to the Redudion of the National Debt rreat Britain or the National Debt of Ireland ; and that the fe-i Sums which under and by virtue of feveral Ads in force in at Britain and Ireland refpedively, are required to be fet apart be Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain and the Receipt of Exchequer of Ireland refpedively, on account of the Com mi f* tm for the Redudkm of the National Debt of Great Britain and theMmfonal Debt of Inland, (hall continue to be fo fet apart; I tint all fuch Stuns fo fet apart, or any Part or Parts thereof, (haH ! maybe iffised aad paid from time to tone into the Bank of England too the Bank of Itebutd, a» (hall be direded and required by the •d High Treriumr or the Commiffionerr of His Majefty's Trefc» 56 Gw. IIL	K	k	fury

ss heretofore, and the Amount to be msde good in the Brkiih Exchejaer.

So much of 37 0.3.(1.) u appoints Com* miflioners for the Redudion of National Debt in Ireland, re* peeled:

BritiQi Cotnmtf* fioner* (hell be ' Cotnmiflioners for the Reduction of the Ns-tional Debt of the United

4&3

C. 98.

56® GEO. IIL

Orders of Com** mifBoners for TJ. K. fufficient

Authority to the Banks of England and Ireland

Blooey.

Two additional Commiffioners of the Treafury to be appointed ftwIrHh BnfineO.

-6 Ann* c. y.

Sanction of Lord JLieoCinant equivalent to that required hereto* fore by IrHh Treasury (except in Kerenue eafes).

AM

iury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland I time being, and (hail be from time to time applied, under the Dn of the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, Parchafe of fuck Capital Stock, Funds, Debentures or Arndt towards any public Loan either in Great Britain or Ireland, I feem moft expedient to the laid Commiffioners for the Redofl the National Debt of the United Kingdom % and that the(U the faid Commiffioners for the Redudbon of the National DdU United Kingdom lhall at all times be fufficieot Authority talk yernor and Company of the Bank of England and of the N Ireland, for paying any Part of the Money from time to m maining in the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland on iocs the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Defat I United Kingdom, to any Perfon or Perftms, in order to its I tance from one Put of the United Kingdom to the other, fa Purpofes of this Ad; and alfo for the Application of wf Money to the Purchafe of any Stock, Funds, Debenture* s nuities, or towards any Public Loan in Great Britain or Irdai thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary in anywHie notwithftm XIV- And be it further enaded, That in confequence of & creafe of Bufinefs which will refult from the Provinons of daj it /hall and may be lawful for His Maiofty to nominate vdm Two Perfons to be Commiffioners of His Majeity’s Trafy* United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and toltasffi fuch, with and in addition to the Number of CommiffioindRfal now by Law be appointed for the executing the Office ifdk Ot the Exchequer of Great Britain, with a yearly Sak}*< ceeding for each of fuch Commiffioners fuch Saury as is oovieu by each of the faid Commiffioners for executing the laid Oh Treafurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain, to be pad ta: Two Commiffioners out of the Revenues appropriated o Majefty*$ Civil Lift Eftabli/hment in Irelandg any thing hoi made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen dime, mutdi AS for the Jecuring of Her Myejty's Perfon and Governed of the Sueceffion to the Crown of Great Britain in the Pntdntl or in any other Ad or Ads to the contrary in anywile notl /landing.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the Fitt of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, in all cafa otherwife fpecially provided for by this Ad, where, under tie vifions of any Ad or Ads in force immediately before the pda this Ad, any Warrant, Licence, Order or Document, bi bes

?uired to be figned by the Commiffioners for executing the Ok iOrd High Treafurer of Ireland (except in cafes relating t» Revenue of Ireland) a Warrant or other proper Document, s cafe may be, figned by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go* or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall be of like ViM Force and EfFed, as any fuch Warrant, Licence, Order or Does® of fuch Commiffioners, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfocer; that in all cafes where by any Ad or Ads in force in IreU Approbation of the faid Commiffioners for esecuting the Ofict Lord High Treafurer of Ireland has been required or aide Deed {except as aforefaid), the Approbation of the Lord Liesteaf* other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, figsiWbjW

Dll81&

56° GEO. III.

C. 98.

499

Secretary, or in the Abfence of fuch Chief Secretary, by Secretary for the Civil or Military Department, as the iequke9 ihall be of like Validity, Force and Effe& as of fuch Commiffioners to all Intents and Purpofes

be it further ena&ed, That the Appointment of any be Vice Treafurer for Ireland, nor the Appointment of any Perfbas to be Commiffioner or Commiffioners of His Txeaiiary of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and frail not, nor ihall any fuch Appointment be deemed or be an Appointment or Appointments to a new Office or or Place or Places of Profit under The Crown; and that io to be appointed Vice Treafnrer for Ireland, or One of of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom Britain and Ireland, mall not, nor (hall any of them be dibbled from fitting or roting as a Member of the Houfe of nor frail be be thereby rendered incapable of being elected of the Houfe of Commons; any thing in any Ad or tie contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

And be it further enatted, That the Appointment of any emg One of the Commiffioners of the Treafury of Great or wand, to be One of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (hall the Eledion of any fuch Perfon refpedively, nor (hall paw Writ iffoe for a new Ele&ion in conference of the Ac-kne of any fuch Appointment; any thing in any Ad or Ads Isa contrary in any wile notwithftanding.

jVllL And he it further enaded. That all the Provifions, Rules, ttaltfaons and Kredions contained in the Ad made in the Parlia-Wt of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s „ fch intituled An AS for the better Regulation of the Receipts and Wt of Hit MajeJlj’s Treafury ; and for repealing an AS of Par-nt fated m the Tenth Tear of Henry the Seventh, intituled ‘ An I anthoming the Treafurer to male all Officers as the Treafurer of

rad doth,9 frail be and remain and continue in full Force and except only fo far as any of the faid Provifions, Rules, Reions and Diredions are altered by this Ad, or by any other Ad j&s in force immediately before the palling of this Ad : Pro-always, that in all cafes where any Powers or Authorities are e laid recited Ad given to the Commiffioners for executing the • of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, fuch Powers and Au-ies frail be veiled in and exercifed by the Comtoiffioners of His ly’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Am

X. And be it further enaded, That the Quarterly Accounts of .eccipts, UTues and Remains of the Exchequer of Ireland, as red by the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, and store examined and figned under the Provifions of the faid recited sf die Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, by the Mfiooers for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Mi ball, rom and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand t bandied and fevcnteen, be examined and figned by the Vice Trea-r for Ireland; and that certified Abflrads of all fuch Accounts be by bin from time to time regularly tranftnittcd to the Lord Kk 2	High

Vies Trtafursr and Comnsif-fioneri of the Treafury may fit fat Parliament.

Appoantmeot of

a Commiffioner of Treafury of G. B- to be one forU. K. fall not vacate Scat.

Powers of

35 G. 3. (I.) for regulating Receipts and I dues of Irifti Treafury, continued, except as altered by this Adt.

Powers of trifli Treafury to bn exercifed by Treafury of U.K.

Quarterly Accounts of Auditor General to be examined and figned by Vice Treafurer, anti certified by him to Treafury of U.K

500

Weekly Ab-flralt from Auditor General, Clerk of the Pells, and Bank of Ireland, to he transmitted to Vice Treafurer; and Duplicates thereof, with all other Returns and Abftra&s, tranfmitted to Treafury of U.K.

Vice Treafurer may order Payment of Local Duties, fcc.

Certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

C.98.	54°	GEO.	IIL	A.IX1816.

High Treafurer, or to the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland•

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That the fcveral Weekly Ab-ftra&s or Certificates of Receipts, I flues and Remains in the Treafury of 'Ireland, required by the faid recited A& of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Msjefty's Reign, to be made by the Auditor General, Clerk of the Pells and Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, to the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or to the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office, and aifo the Weekly Declaration or Abftra& of the Receipts and Payments on account of the Teller of the Exche*

2uer, required by the faid Ad to be made out by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and tranfmitted to the faid Lord High Treafurer,or Commiffioners for executing the bid Office, (hall from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, be maoe out and tranfmitted Weekly to the Vice Treafurer for Ireland; and that Copies or Duplicates of all the aforefaid Weekly Abftra&s, Certificates and Declarations, together with all other Returns, Certificates, Abftra&s, Accounts or Declarations, which by the faid recited A & are dire&ed to be furniftied or tranfmitted to the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland\ or to the Commiffioners for executing the laud Office, (hall from and after the bid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, be made out and tranfmitted to the Lord High Treafurer, or to the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at and for fuch Periods as are required and dire&ed in and by the bid recited A&, with refpe& to all fuch Abftra&s, Accounts or Declarations refpe&ively.

XXI* Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Vice Treafurer for Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Vice Treafurer, dire&ed to the Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, to order the Iflue and Payment out of the bid Exchequer of all fuch Duties or Taxes as (hail have been a&ually paid into the bid Exchequer for any Local or Special Purpofes in Ireland, under or by Authority of any A& or A&s in force in Ireland, and fuch I flue and Payment (hall be made to all Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Perfons authorized by Law to receive the fame accordingly.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the Cora-miffion&s of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being (hall annually caufe an Account of the Total Income of the bid United Kingdom, including all Duties of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Incidents in Great Britain and Inland refpe&ively, and all other the ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Refources of the faid United Kingdom, to be prepared and made out for One Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Confobdated Fund ot the faid United Kingdom, for every fuch Year; and aUo of the a&ual Payments thereout within the faid Year, and of the future annual Charge upon the faid Fund as the fame ftood on that Day; and alfo an Account of the Net Produce of all the permanent Taxes of the faid United Kingdom within the faid Year; and alfo an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all public Accountants on the faid Fifth Day of January in each Year; and alio

16	an

JX1SML

56° GEO. Ill

C.98,

501

: of the Exports and Imports of the faid United King-id the Shipping regiftered in or belonging to the Several ffiis Majefty’s Dominions within the faid Year; and alfo an ! of the Public Expenditure of the faid United Kingdom r laid Year; and alfo an Account of the Public Funded Ftbe laid United Kingdom, and the Redudion thereof; and I Account of the Unfunded and Outftanding Debt of the faid T Kingdom* as the fame Rood refpedively on the Fifth Day of y in each Year; and alfo an Account (hewing how the ! given for the Service of the iiud United Kingdom for the acceding the faid Fifth Day of January have been difpofed i that the laid Commiffioners (hall in each Year caufe fuch i to be laid before both Houfes of Parliament on or before fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament (hall be orifParlia ment (hall not then be fitting, within Fourteen :the next Sitting of Parliament.

» And be it further enaded, That from and after the kDay of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the iTnforcr for Ireland for the time being (hall annually caufe an Smt to be prepared and made out for One. Year, ending on the iDuy of January in each Year, (hewing the Amount of all War-k “L t: have pafied through his Office in the Courfe of fuch ^ the fame under the feveral Heads fet forth in . ublic Expenditure, required by Law to be an-L before Parliament; and that the faid Vice Treafurer \ fuch Accounts to be laid before both Houfes of Parlia-wk on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if fcnrnt loll be then fitting, or if Parliament (hall not be then ting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament. f XXIV. And Whereas the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ire* I for the time being is by virtue of his Office a Governor, Vifitor, r Conftituent Part of feveral Colleges, Corporations and . and other Public Societies or Inmtutions in Ireland

Annual Account to be laid before Parliament by Vico Treafurer.

enaded, That from and after the iTmfxrer of Ireland (hall, in virtue of

of this A6k, the be and become

Vice Treafurer flull be deemed

uur, Vifitor, Member and Conftituent Part of all fuch Col- 11 Ooewrnor of Corporations and Charitable and other Public Societies and orpor*t,on**' dons in Ireland, of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer Ireland hath at any time heretofore been a Governor, Vifitor, feber or Conftituent Part, in Right of his Office under any Ad hrhxment. Charter, Bye Law, Ufage or Cuftom whatfoever, in e in Ireland immediately before the paffing of this Ad; and it May frank and i be lawful for the laid Vice Treafurer for the time being to fend recciv« Letters receive Letters and Packets by the Poft, free from the Duties of free* age within the United Kingdom, in the fame manner and under Reftridkms as the Chancellor of His Majefty’s Exchequer in wd has been authorised by the Laws now in force to fend and ivc Letters and Packets free from Pottage. iXV. And be it further epaded, That sul Rules, Orders and Di-boas, which at the time of the paffing of this Ad, or at any time ore the (aid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred I iewnteen, (hall have been made or ifiued by the Commiffioners executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, with ed to the Receipt or Payment, Iffue or Remittance of any Public K k 3	Money,

Exifting Orders of Infli Trea-fury declared valid, until revoked by Lord Lieutenant or Treafury of U.K.

102

56° GEO. III.

AJJJil

Books and Records of the Irifh TreaTury (hall remain with the ▼ice Treafurer.

Treafury and Revenue Accounts, he. in Ireland, and all Accounts to Paiiiamenr, to fbte Amount of Sums therein in Brithh Cur-nncy.

Acquittal of Public Account*

C.98.

Money, or with refpeft to any matter or thing within the} di&ion of the faid Commiflioners, ihall be and remain in Mi i until the fame (hall be revoked or altered by the Lord LkttaV other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or by tie 1 High Treafurer, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’t*M of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; aadM Records, and all Minute Books and Entries of the ProceoU the (aid Commiflioners for executing the Office of LMjj| Treafurer of Ireland, and all other Books, Deeds ad id whatfoever, now belonging to or in the Cuftody of the UH miflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafoterdl land, (hall be delivered over to, and (hall remain in the CsH the Vice Treafurer for Ireland, for the time being, under thj ders and at the Difpofition, neverthelefs, of the Lord Higkl furer, or Commiffioners of His Maiefty’s Treafury of the U Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the time being, ii Offices in the Caftle of Dublin, now occupied by the Commit; for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Inland; m Bufinefs of the Department of the faid Vice Treafurer (hall, i and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight huoM feventeen, be tranfa&ed and carried on in the faid Offices Mill Apartments thereunto belonging.

* XXVI. And Whereas it is expedient by producing [HM ‘ in all Returns and Statements to Parliament, with 14*fti < Public Revenues and Expenditure of the United

*	the Amount of fuch Revenues and Expenditure flulvmfct f appear in Britifb Currency, in whatever Part of the

*	dom fuch Revenues or Expenditure (hall have arifen or th

*	placeBe it therefore ena&ed, That from and after tk B Day of January One tboufand eight hundred and fercntwa, i Accounts of all Receipts and Payments which (hall bemadeoti any of the Public Revenues, Duties or Taxes in Ireland^ aod&l Accounts of all Payments into and I flues out of the Recd(M the Exchequer in Ireland, (hall be kept in fuch Form sod Mam that the total Amount of all Sums under each refpedive Heri Account, in all Accounts and Papers relating to Accounts t# laid before Parliament, (hall be dated in Briti/b Currency; M it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffionen for executing C Office of Lora High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, as time after the palling of this A£t, and for the Conuniffiowri of I Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Briton l Ireland, at any time after the faid Fifth Day of January One tbo fand eight hundred and feventeen, to give fuch Orders udDw tions as to them (hall feem fitting and expedient for accompUa the Purpofes hereby intended to be carried into Effed.

« XXVII. And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to tbelfeid « difeharging Perfoua being Public Accountants in Ireland, brM « of Money lflued to them out of the Treafury of Ireland am ‘ wife, whofe Accounts have been audited by theCommiffioattli

*	Public Accounts, or the Commiflioners of Military Account! i 4 that Part of the United Kingdom, and it is proper and ncctfey 4 that Provifion fhould be made for that PurooieBe it therefor? ena&ed, That in all cafes where the Commiffioners for auditing tk Public Accounts in Ireland) or the Commiffionen of Military A*

counts

nxi8u

*6* GEO, HI.

50$

C. 95,89.

mkdandj (halt have audited and certified, or flnU hereafter mu for Money fcertify any Account whatsoever of any Public Accountant* f*** ifkirfa&orily appear to the faid Commiffionm refpe&iveiy*	******1*

i Examination and Proof as to them (hall feem expedient*

I Accountant is even and quit with the Public on fuch Ac-ihall and may be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners for f the Public Accounts* and for the (aid Commiffioners of Mi* ts* and they are hereby refpe&ively authorized and their Signature* to acquit and difchazge* and grant \ to fbch Public Accountant; and fucb Acquittance* Dif- Quietus^

~ letus* (hall be good* valid and effc&ual*. to all intents and (hall be tauten and received by any Court of Law ria the United Kingdom* in bar of any 8uit or Procefs ‘t Public Accountant who (hall have received the fame for ■ thing touching the Period of Account* with refoe& foch Acquittal* Discharge or Quietus (hall have been

And* in order that all Public Accountants (hall be Commiffionsv* of and prepared with the neceffary Documents or flwll notify th* entstie them to demand and receive fuch Acquittal* Dif- Nature and Quietus from the faid Commiffioners for auditing the Public ter the faid Commiffioners of Military Accounts refped- be produced fox fteftena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners (hall respectively, obuininj fuch.

" r the palling of this AA as may be, determine upon the Quietus.

Form of the Documents and Proofr required to be proto them refpe&i vely for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and that the wmrflinntri (hall* by public Advertifement under their Hands*

Mated m the Dublin Gauette, in Three fuccerdine Publi-thereof, and in any other manner which they (hall think fit* and decfaie the Nature and Form of fuch Documents and to iff Public Accountants under tbeir refpe&ive Depart-; and it (hall not be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to alter the Nature or Form of any fuch Documents or Proofs until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the and Form of fuch new Documents and Proofs Audi have Bonded and declared by Public Advertifement in the Dublin and otherwise in manner aforefaid*

{	CAP.	XCIX.

I Aft to reft the Elgin Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture in the Truftees of the Britifi Mufeum for the Ufe p the Public.	[ift	July	18i6.J

WHEREAS by an Aft qf Parliament made and pafied in *6 G. a. c. a* the Twenty fixth Year of the Reiga of His late Majefty^

Rag George the Second, intituled An A3 fir the Purcbafe of Mt mufeum or ColleSion of Sir Hans Sloane* and of the Harleian *KMrdros of Manuferipts ; andfor providing one general Repofitory better Reception and more convenient Uje of the faid Col-* tew, and of the Cottonian Library, and of toe Additions thereto,

4 feArchbilhop of Canterbury * the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper 1 of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Lord Treafurer of Great 1 Britm, artist Firft Commiffioner of the Treafury* the Lord Pre-1 fident of the Council* the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord High Ad-

K k 4	•	aairaL

so*

CL 99.

SO0 GEO. IIL

*8 G.a.

AJD.UU

mind of Great Brkmn% or the Firft Commiffionerof theAdnsd the Lord Steward of His Majefty’a Houfehold, the Lord Ck berlain of His Majefty’a Houfehold, the Biihop of LmAm of the Principal Secretaries of State being a Peer or Lord of] liamcnt, the. Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, each of tk| cipal Secretaries of State not being a Peer or Lord of Pad the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Juftkt Court of King’s Bench, the Mailer of the Rolls, the Chef, of His Maiefty’s Court of Common Pleas at Wtjh Majeily’s Attorney and Solicitor General, the Piti Royal Society, and the Prefident of the College of Severally for the time being, and certain other Porfom described in the (aid Ad, or to be appointed under tlx hi therein contained, were appointed Truftees, and tocorponad the Name of “ The Truftees of the Britofb Mmfemj' hrp tine the faid Ad into Execution, with fuch Powers sad m fuch Diredions as are therein expreffed $ and particularly iti thereby ended, that within the Cities of London or Wfrim or the Suburbs thereof, one general Repoiitory Should be m and provided for the Reception of the CoUc&iom asd Lfol therein mentioned, and of fuch other Colledioaa sudUfliu with the like Approbation fhould be admitted into the fat which feveral Colledions, Additions and Libraries is MR into the laid general Repoiitory fhould remain asdkpM therein for Public Ufe to all Poiterity : And Whenaufcfc Provtfions of an Ad of the Twenty eighth Year dB*hfc Majefty King George the Second, intituled Am AS Montagu Houfe in Truftees t and their Heirs, freed mijitjfi from eul Eftateif Ufes and Agreements, to which k at frtjtu JW limited amd appmtiedf upon Trufi to convey the Jems ktkTrft of the Britifh Mufeum, for a general Repofitorjt end ufo* fsdtk Trufts as therein are mentioned\ the Capital Meffuage or Mlk Houfe heretofore called Montagu Houfef fituate in Grcst kft Street in the Parifh of Saint George Bloomftusy, in the Coaij i MiddUftXf and the Outboufes, Buildings and Gardens bebogWi the fame, were duly conveyed and allured unto sod to the Uk s the Truftees of the faid Mufeum, by Indentures of Leafeudif leafe, bearing Date refpedively the Fourth and Fifth Days of/{H in the Year One thouland feven hundred and fifty five, aod fli between the Right Honourable George Dual Earl of Helifs* * WtUtam Folkes Efauire (Truftees under the faid lift meatus Ad lor carrying the Trufts thereof into Execution) of tku But, and the Truftees of the laid Mufeum of the other bti\ * fiace that time the (aid Capital Meffuage or Manfioo Houfe td its Appurtenances, has been generally called or known brj" Appellation of The Britifh Mufeum : And Whereas ihe ftp Honourable Thomas Earl of Elgin hath with great Judgment and Care, and at a great Expeace, made a mod wW* Couedioo of ancient Marbles and Sculpture, and is wflBig tw the fame fhould be poffefled by the Public s And Whereai thelaw Earl hath agreed to foil the fame for the Sum. of Thirty fcstks-fond Pounds, op Condition that the whole of the to CoWta fhould be kept together in the BMfth AMm to ^ediwta and called by the Name of

56* GEO. IIL

505

A.D.1816.

C. 99,100.

£s



X

Cl

a:

42;

p

K

'J3

(h

IC

3

z;

7 I

k

>*

0

0

!S

tf

U

t

*

i

I

I

I

4 and that the faid Earl and every Perfon who (hould attain the 4 Rank of Earl of Elgin fhould be added to the Truftees of the 2?ri-4 tifh Mufeum :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain, or the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’• Trea-fury, or any Three or more of them, (hall and he or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Seffioa of Parliament for the Service of Great Britain tor the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, immediately after the palling of this Ad, to iffue and advance the Sum of Thirty five thoufand Pounds to the Truftees of the Britifh Mufeum, or any Perfon to be appointed by the faid Truftees to receive the fame, which Money (hall be paid without any Fee or other Dedudion whatever, and (hall be applied in the Purchafe of the faid Collection ; and that the Truftees of the Briti/b Mufeum (hall, on or before the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, require the Delivery of the faid Colledion; and if the fame (hall be then delivered to them, and they (hall be fatisfied that the feveral Statues and other Articles forming the faid Colledion are then conformable to the Catalogue thereof delivered in to a Committee of the Houfe of Commons, they the faid Truftees (hall, on the Delivery of the fame into their Cuftody, pay the faid Sum of Thirty five thoufand Pounds to the faid Thomas Earl of Elgin, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns.

1L And be it further enaded. That on Payment of the faid Sum of Thirty five thoufand Pounds, the faid Colledion (hall be veiled in the Truftees for the time being of the faid Briti/b Mufeum, and their SuccefTors, in perpetuity, for the Purpofes of the faid Ad of the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second.

III.	And be it hereby further enaded. That the faid Colledion fhall be preferred and kept together in the faid Briti/b Mufeum whole and entire, and diftingusfhed by the Name or Appellation of 44 The Elgin Colledion.”

IV.	And be it enaded. That the find Thomas Earl of Elgin during his Life, and after his Deceafe each and every Perfon who fhaD fuccefhvdy attain to the Rank and Dignity of Earl of Elgin, (Ml and may as and when they (hall refpedivriy be of full Age, be added to and afiociated with the Truftees for the time being of the Briti/b Mufeum, and AaU and may ad in the Execution of the Truft now vrpofed or hereafter to be repofed in the laid Truftees, as fully and cftedually an the other Trunees of the find Mufeum axe or Audi be authorized and empowered to ad in the fame.

CAP. C.

An AGt for more effe&uatty fccuring the Liberty of the Subjed.	[ift	July	i8jl6,]

4 HEREA8 the Writ of Habeas Corpus hath been found by 4 W Experience to be an expeditious and effedual Method of 4 rcftoring any Perfon, to bin Liberty* who hath been unju&ly deprived

4 thereof:

Treafury 35,0001. to the Truftees of the Britifh Mufeum, to be applied in the Purchafe of the Elgin CoU le&ion of Marbles.

On Payment of Purchafe Money Colledion veiled in Truftees,

to be kept in BritHh Mufeum.

Earl of Elgin to be added to Truftees.

C 100.

56° GEO. III.

A. D. 1810.

jx Car. X c. x

IrUh Aftf ax fc aa G. 3.

Judges toiftbe, in Vacation, Writs of Habeas Corpus return-able immediately, in cafes other than for criminal matter, or for Debt.

$Jon Obedience to fuch Writ, to be a Contempt ofCoun.

*	thereof: And Whereas extending the Remedy of fach Writ, and

*	enforcing Obedience thereunto, and preventing Delays in the Exe-

*	cution thereof, will be advantageous to the Public: And Whereas 4 the Provifiona made by an Aa paiTed in England in the Thirty 4 firft Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 for the 1 better fecuring the Liberty of the SubjeB, and for Prevention of Im-4 frifonment beyond the Seas, and alfo by an A& patted in Ireland in 4 the Twenty firft and Twenty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, 4 intituled An Adfor better fecurtngihe Liberty of the SvbjeS, only 4 extend to cafes of Commitment or Detainer for criminal or fuppofed 4 criminal matterBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That where any Perfba (hall be confined or reftrained of his or her Liberty (otherwise than for fome criminal or fuppofed criminal matter, and except Perfons imprifoned for Debt or by Procefs in any civil Suit) within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Ittes of Jerfey, Guemfey or Man, it {hall and may be lawful for any One of die Barons of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, as well as for any One of the Juftices of One Bench or the other; and where any Pmon (hall be fo confined in Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful for any One of the Barons of the Exchequer, or of the Juftices of One Bench or the other in Ireland; and they are hereby required, upon Complaint made to them by or on the behalf of the rei^on fo confined or reftrained, if it /hall appear by Affidavit or Affirmation (in cafes where by Law an Affirmation is allowed ) that there is a probable and reafonable Ground for fuch Complaint, to award in Vacation time, a Writ of Habeas Corpus ad fubjtciendnm, under the Seal of fuch Court, whereof he or they fhall then be Judges or One of the Judges, to be dire&ed to the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Power the Party fo confined or reftrained fhall be, returnable immediately before the Peribn fo awarding the fame, or before any other Judge of the Court under the Seal of which the faid Writ iflued.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforeiaid. That if the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Writ of Habeas Corpus fhall be direded according to the Provifion of this A&, upon Service of fuch Writ, either by the a&ual Delivery thereof to him, her or them, or by leaving the fame at the Place where the Party fhall be confined or reftrained, with any Servant or Agent of the Perfon or Perfons fe confining or reftraining, fhall wilfully negled or refufe to make a Return or pay Obedience thereto, he, fhe or they fhall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court, under the Seal whereof fuch Writ mall have iftued 5 and it fhall be lawful to and for the fiud Juftice or Baron, before whom fuch Writ fhall be returnable, upon Proof made by Affidavit of wilful Difobedience of the faid Writ, to ifiue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the apprehending and bringing before him, or before fome other Juftice or Baron of the fame Court, the Perfon or Perfons fo wilfully difobeying the faid Writ, in order to his, her or their being bouna to The King’s Majefty, with Two fufficient Sureties, in fucn Sum as in the Warrant fhall be exprefled, with Condition to appear in the Court of which the faid Juftice or Baron is a Judge, at a Day in the enfuing Term to be mentioned in

the

.181$.

£6°GEO.IIL

c.ioa

SOT

mt, to anfwer the matter of Contempt with which he, i charged; and in cafe of Negled or Refufel to be* i aforetaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Baron loch Perfon or Perfons fo negle&ing or refuting, to the * a of the Court of which fuch Juftice or Baron mall be m to remain until he, (he or they Audi have become bound __ or fliall be difcharged by Order of the Court in Term yir bj Order of one of the Juftices or Barons of the Court in in; and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken fm (ball be returned and filed in the fame Court, and (hall WB in force until the matter of fuch Contempt (hall have been iwd determined, unlefs fooner ordered by the Court to be dif-

Sfet Provided, that if fuch Writ (hall be awarded fb late in the » by any one of the (aid Juftices or Barons, that, in his i Obedience thereto cannot be conveniently paid during fuch the fame (hall and may, at his Difcretion, be made return* e Court of which the laid Juft ice or Baron (hall be a Juft ice ins, at a Day certain in the neat Termand the (aid Court Bid mn proceed thereupon, and award Procefs of Contempt in iC Difobedience thereto, in like manner as upon Difobcdience tB Writ originally awarded by the (aid Court: Provided alfo,

5 if fiich Writ (hall be awarded by the Court of King’s Bench, bCmtof Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer, in the laid jfries nfpedively, which laft mentioned Court (hall have like W to award fuch Writs as the refpedive Courts of King’s Bench UBaos Pleas in each of the (aid Countries now have in Term, filiate that, in the Judgment of the Court, Obedience thereto

£be ooKwriendy paid during fuch Term, the fame (hall and may,

^ Dt&rethm of the laid Court, be made returnable at a Day Mb in the then next Vacation, before any Juftice or Baron of the feu of the Coif, or if in Ireland, before any Juftice or Baron of Jne Court, who (hall and may proceed thereupon, in fuch man-. \ by tbit Ad is direded concerning Writs ifluing in and made file daring the Vacation.

And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That J crib provided for by this Ad, although the Return to any \el Habeas Corpus (hall be good and fumcient in Law, it (haU dul for the Juftice or Baron before whom fuch Writ may be able, to proceed to examine into the Truth of the Fads fet kin fuch Return, by Affidavit or by Affirmation (in cafes where Affirmation is allowed by Law) and to do therein as to Juftice \ appertain; and if fuch Writ (hall be returned before any One k (aid Juftices or Barons, and it (hall appear doubtful to him J’fcch Examination, whether the material Fads fet forth in the | Return, or any of them, be true or not, in fuch cafe it (hall and i} be lawful for the faid Juftice or Baron to let to bail the faid jab fo confined or reftraioed, upon his or her entering into a Re*

fclQce with One or more Sureties, or in cafe oF Infancy or are, or other Difability, upon Security by Recognizance, in IBfaable Sum, to appear m the Court of which the faid Juftice * laoa (hall be a Juftice or Baron, upon a Day certain in the Term Momag, and fo from Day to Day as the Court (hall require, and to kide fuch Order as the Court (hall make in and concerning the Pre-&s; tod fuch Juftice or Baron (hall tranfmi; into the fame Court.

tho.

Punifaamt.

Judges to make Writs of Habeas Corpus, iffued in Vacation, returnable in Court in the next Term.

Provifo.

Courts to make Writs iflued in Term, return-sble in Vacation.

Judges to inquito into the Truth ofFafts contained in Return.

Judge to bail on Recognizance to appear in Term* &o.

aioo,101.

SS' GEO. III.

M

Court to mine into the Truth of Fad* fet forth in Return.

Court may con-

fer.

the (aid Writ and Return, together with fuch Recoguzn davits and Affirzparions; and thereupon it (hall be lawful for Court to proceed to examine into the Truth of the Fads fet the Return, in a fummary Way by Affidavit or Affinnatioo { where by Law Affirmation is allowed), and to order uddt touching the difcharging, bailing or remanding the Party. IV. And be it further enadcd by the Authority afareU trorat Truth of ^ ||)Le proceeding may be had in the Court for controvoi Return.	Truth	of the Return to any fuch Writ of Habeas Corf**

as afbrefsid, although fuch Writ (hall be awarded by toe lit itfelf, or be returnable therein.

Writ may run	y. And be it declared and enafted by the Authority tfc

MatineChous *^iat,a Writ of Habeas Corpus, according to the true late Ports and pri- Meaning of this A&, may be dire&ed and run into anyCoort vileged Place*, tine or Cinque Port, or any other privileged Place within that) Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales and To Berwick upon Tweed, and the Ifles of Jerfey, Gtenfey and refpedively; and alfo into any Port, Harbour, Road, Crake upon the Coaft of England or Wales, although the feme hoi out of the Body of any County ; and if fuch Writ (hall iffaei land, the fame may be dire&ed and run into soy Port, Harl Road, Creek or Bay, although the fame fliould not be n tkl of any County; any Law or Ufage to the contrary is apdti withftanding.

VI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority drift B the fevers! Provifions made in tjiis A£k, touching themhagVid of Habeas Corpus, i (Tiling in time of Vacation, retunrifeWt feud Courts, or for making fuch Writs awarded in Tenatrij tunable in Vacation, as the cades may refpe&vely bappc*,rij for making wilful Difobedience thereto a Contempt of the Ca c n and for iffuing Warrants to apprehend and bring before thefeif J ct31	%'	‘	tices or Barons, or any of them, any Perfon or PerfooswOMh

obeying any fuch Writ, and in cafe of Neglrik or Refufei to w bound as aforefaid, for committing the Perfon or Porfexu fori ing or refilling to Jail as aforefaid, refpe&ing the Recogsiziri be taken as aforefaid, and the Proceeding or Proceeding* tW fkall extend to all Writs of Habeas Corpus awarded in purfoac the faid A 6k, pafied in England in the Thirty firft Year *f Reign of King Charles the Second, or of the fedd Ad jp» Ireland in the Twenty firft and Twenty fecond Yean of His p Warjefty, and hereinbefore recited, in as ample and beneficial** ner as if fuch Writs and the fetid cafes irifmg therein fed hereinbefore fpeciaHy named and provided for iwpedndjr.

CAP. CL

An ASt for enabling the Officers in His Majefty,i Nty»* their Reprefentatives, to draw for and receire tri Pay; and for transferring the Duty of making certain roents from the Qerks of the Cheque at His Maieft/s I Tarda to the Clerics of the Treasurer of the Navy acj fame Tanks.	[i

Frocefs of Contempt may be awarded in Vacation agaioft Perions di (obeying Writ* of Habeas Carpus in cafes within

3» O. a. c. to.

*	\XrHEREAS by a* AA raffed in the TCitffcft '

*	_ VV the Reign of Hie late Majefty King the l .

«• intituled AnA8 for	the Encouragement of

56° GEO. IIL

C.10L

108

Obey, andfor eftmhBJhing a regular Methodfor the punBual, fmd certain Payment of their Magee, and for enamtng them By and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Tend Families, and for preventing Frauds and Ahufee attend-P1th Payments ; ana bj another A d pafled in the Thirty \1onr of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB JtUe Petty Officers m the Navy, and Seamen, Non CommiMoned pv of Marinesy and Marines, forming in Hie Majefty*s Navy, fikt Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and ' r / and by another Ad pafled in the faid Thirty fifth Year i ? ti of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for efiahlifh• imfy and expeditions Method for the punBualandfrequent r the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to wfs Navy / and by another Ad puled in the Forty ■ of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB . M nag the Funds of the Cheft at Chatham, and for transiting the Aduustitiration of the fame to Greenwich Hofpital, and

350. 3. cal.

35 G.j. c. 94*

43 0.3, c. 119.

-w.__! of Penfions to Widow of Officers of the Navy ; and by

■Other Aa pafled in the faid Forty ninth Year of the Reign of So prefart Majefty, intituled An AB for more conveniently paying ‘ASomencij on the Compqffionate Lift of the Navy, and of Half ay to Officers of the Royal Marines ; and by another Ad pafled tdte faid Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, otknkd An AB to amend the feveral ABs reJheBing the Payment if Wages lend Prize Monty and Allotment of Wages to Perfons farming in Bis Majefty*s Royal Navy 3 and by another Ad pafled w the fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, inti-fried An AB to repeal feveral ABs relating to the Execution of letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, a His Majefty*s Navy, and to mate nevs Provifions reJficBmg lie fame; certain Provifions and Regulations were made refped-ng the Mode of Officers in His Majefty’s Naval Service receiving their Half Paj, and receding Remittances, Allotments and Pay* Bents of certain Wages, Pay, Allowances, Penfions and Bounty looey in the faid Ad refpedively mentioned, the Payments rhereof are by the faid Ad refpedively in certain cafes therein perilled, authorized and direded to be made /among other Per-mu) by the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majefty’s Dock Yards: Vnd Whereas it would tend to the Convenience and Advantage if the Commiffioned and Warrant Officers in His Majefty** Navy m Half Pay, and of Pferfons receiving Penfions on the Ordinary Lftimate of the Navy, the Bills for which are made out at the fay Office, if they were enabled to draw for fuch Half Pay and Penfions by Bills of Exchange on the Commiffioners of His Majefty** fay, inftead of being paid the fame by Remittance Bills, in the waner now ufed :* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft •xceBent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the '<mb Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-indent affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That at the xpiration of Six Months from and after the paffing of this Ad, if j Officer in His Majefty’s Navy, who (hall be entitled to receive

any

49 O.3. c. 10* 55 G. 3.C.60.

Half Pay and Penfions out bo paid by Bills at Exchange.

C. 101

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

i

i

I

Representative* of deceafed Officers may receive Half Pay as Officer himfelf might have done*

Former A£U applied*

Officers may re. ceive their Half Pay by Extra#, in manner herein

any Sum of Money for or on account of hit Half Pay, or any Perfona receiving Penfions on the Ordinary Eftimate of the Navy, the Bills for which are made out at the Navy Office, (hall be defi-roua of drawing a Bill of Exchange for the fame upon the Commif-fioners of His Majefty’s Navy, inftead of receiving the fame by Remittance Bill* and (hall fignify fuch Delire by Letter to the Treafuier of His Majefty's Navy, the proper Officer in the Navy Pay Office (firft Satisfying himfelf of the Amount of Half Pay due from the Half Pay Book in the Navy Pay Office, and of the Pen. fion due from the Bill made out by toe Commiffioners of the Navy), (hall certify the fame upon an Order to draw (according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed), which Order flpll be ligned by the Commiffioners of the Navy, attending the Naval Payments at the Navy Pay Office, and (hall be then difpatched from the laid Office to the Officer fo defiring Payment, and fuch Order and Bill, when returned duly filled up to the Commiffioners of the Navy, upon whom it Audi be drawn, (hall be affigned for Payment on toe Treafurer of the Navy by Three of the laid Commiffioners, and (hall be paid in the lame manner as Officers* Quarterly Bills are now paid, and thefe Bills fo affigned (hall, when paid, be a fuffident Voucher and Difcharge to the laid Treafurer for luch Payment in his Annual Account*

' II. And be it further enaded, That if the Executors or Admi-niftrators of any deceafed Officer in His Majefty’s Navy, who at the time of his Death was entitled to any Half Pay, or the Executors or Adminiftrators of any deceafed Perfon receiving a Penfion payable by Bill made out at the Navy Office, (hall be defirous of receiving fuch Half Pay or Penfion by Remittance Bill, Bill of Exchange or Extrad, either in the manner hitherto ufed or by this Ad provided, for the Payment of fuch Half Pay or Penfion, and (hall fignify fuch his, her or their Defire by Letter to the Treafurer of the Navy, requefting Payment thereof by any of the Modes afore-bid, it dual and may be lawful to and for the Treafurer'of the Navy to pay or caufe the lame to be paid to fuch Executors or Adminiftrators in the manner required, and that all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained, and now in force, in any former AA or Ads 6r in this Ad, as to the Payment of fuch Half Pay or Penfion by any of the Modes aforebid, (hall be applied to fuch Payments, to fuch Executors and Adminif-trators in luch and the bine manner as the fame are now or have been hitherto applicable to any fuch Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpoies as if the fame were herein and hereby repeated and reenaded.

4 III* And Whereas it may in feme cabs be more convenient to 4 Officers in His Maiefty’s Navy on Half Pay refiding near any of 4 His Majefty’s Dock Yards, that they (hould be enabled to receive 4 the fame by Extrad in the manner hereinafter mentioned, inftead 4 of being paid the fame by Remittance Bill, or by Bill of Exchange 4 to be drawn as hereinbefore mentioned Be it therefore enaded, That after the Expiration of Six Months from and after the paffing of this Ad, if any Officer in His Majefly’s Navy, who (hall be entitled to receive any Sum of Money for or on account of Half Pay, (hall be defirous of having his HaU Pay paid to him by Extrad at any of His Majefty9* Dock Yards where Clerks for the Payment

56* GEO. III.

C. 101.

*11

r for the Nary (hall refide, inftead of receiving the fame mot Bill, or Bill of Exchange, it (hall and may he law* thr every fuch Officer to apply either to the proper Clerk rPay Office in Louden, or at the Pay Office at fuch Dock 'ping fuch his Defiie; and thereupon in cafe any fuch (hall be made at any of the laid Dock Yards, fuch I take a Note thereof, and (hall at fuch Periods as may y make out and tranfmit to the Commiffioners of the Navy af the Names of fuch Officers as aforefaid, and the Particulars a_Half Pay claimed by them refpedively, together with the * Tit required in fuch cafe, which the Officer, upon his for Payment, (hall furniih to the faid Clerk ; and the loners of the Navy, as well on receiving fuch Lifts as of fuch Application as aforefaid haring been made at r Pay Office in London* are hereby authorised and required at to the proper Clerk at the Dock Yard, where the Pay* Ik inquired to be made, an Extrad from the Half Pay Book pern in His Majefty’s Navy, fimilar to the Extrads now fent gWpe* Books, upon the Receipt whereof Payment (hall be made UtOfficer of the Sum due to him, and the Amount fo paid (h^ll keagjbt in Account and allowed in the Monthly Certificate in ■fane—sirras Payments upon Extrads from Ships* Books are

?. And be k further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons [falfely make, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be jb made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or affift in wk making, forging or counterfeiting of any fuch Authority Certificate, or Bill of Exchange or Amgnment as aforefaid, or ffi utter or poUifh as true any fuch falfe, forged or counterfeited ■“* ,r' f or Certificate, Bill of Exchange or Alfignment, knowing to be falfe, forged or counterfeited, with intent to de* any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corpo-erery fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of F, and being thereof lawfully convided (hall fufifer Death as a without Benefit of Clergy.

V.	And Whereas it is expedient that the Duty of making cer-' of the Payments as are by the faid recited Ads authorized direded to be made by fuch Clerks of the Cheque as relate Allotments, Remittances of Half Pay to Seamen*s Wages, to " os payable by Bill, to Widows* Penfions, to Greenwich Pen-to Payments on the Compaffionate Lift, and to King’s f to the Widows and other Relations of thofe (lain in Fight, be transferred to and be made by the Clerk or Clerks of the irer of His Majefty’s Navy at the faid Dock Yards refped-7Be it therefore enaded, That from and after the Expiration Six Months from and after the paffing of this Ad, the Duty of iking die aforefaid Payments which by the faid Ads or any or br of them, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament are autho-«4 and direded to be made by the Clerks of the Cheque at His Dock Yards, (hall be transferred to and (hall hereafter be the Clerk or Clerks of the Treafurer of His Majefty’s ^7 it the fame Dock Yards refpedively ; and that the Allot-oft, Remittance Bills, and all other Payments aforefaid, which A? or by virtue of the faid Ads or any or either of them are

authorized

Forging Certificate*, Powers, Sec.

Death.

Payments now made hy Clerks of the Cheque to be made by Clerks of the Treafurer of the Navy.

C.101.

56* GEO.IIL

AM

Former A£b in force.

Mo Bill fubjea to Stamp Duty.

Who to have Benefit of Aft.

authorised to be dire&ed (among other IVrfona) to fnch Gai the Cheque, (hall, inftead thereof (as to the frid Ckrb d Cheque) be dire&ed to the Clerk or Clerks of the Trafan His Majefty’s Navy, at the fame Dock Yards lefjpedmhi that all and every the Clauies, Provifioat, Pains, Penalties ad I lations contained and now in force in the afbrefoid Ada, withal to fuch Allotments and Remittance BiBi as aforefeid'aJdki ment thereof by the faid Clerks of the Cbeoue, (hill kqd to fuch Allotments and Remittance BSls as arasdUd, aim ment thereof by the Clerk or Clerks of the Tradarerof Hsljt Navv at any of the faid Dock Yards, in fuch and tbefarir as the fame are now applicable to fuch Allotments sad Rdi Bills as aforefaid, and the Payment thereof by fuch Clerics it Cheque, as fully andeffe&ually as if the fame were haem &d to repeated and reena&ed ; and that fuch of the laid Payments «i under the Head of Allotments (hall be checked is is Htj at the Navy Office in London, and brought to accoaot aoddl in the Monthly Certificate, and that thole coming under dal of Remittances of Half Pay and Remittances of Senaartk (hall be brought to account and allowed in the lime earner il merits upon Extra&s from Ships* Books.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Bill of Exdasftdk (hall be drawn under or by virtue of this A&, (hall ka^t* liable to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp DtfrriMI

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That no PerfonsrfiMUt His Majefty’s Dominions (hall be entitled to any of tkHp and Benefits given or intended by this Aft.

SCHEDULE to which this AQ refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE or Order for drifcJ BILL for Half Pay or Penfion, and of so AW thereof, under the Authority of the A6t of the Fiflfbl Year of His Majefty Sing George the Third.

HALF PAY OR PENSION.

being entitled to the Sum of (on account of Half Pay, as a	in	the	Iff

Navy, or Penfion, at the cafe may he,) between the 1 and	is	hereby	authorized	to	(bnf

following Bill upon the Commiffioners of the Navy for the feidM

N. B. This Bill is not to be feparated from the Antkdj for drawing it.

Certified C. D.	(Signed) A. 3.

Treafurer’s Clerk.	Commiffioner of tk	Aq*

Gentlemen,	i9	•

THREE Days after Sight, pleafe to pay to or Order, the Sum of	being	the	Anwut*

(Half Pay due to me as a	in	the	Royal	Nity

or Penfion, at the cafe may he,) for the time above mentwoed.

To the Honourable the Commiffioners of His)

Majefty’s Navy, Sonierfet Place. J

Kaq

Dasit

56* GEO. Ill,

a 101, lot.

Jfciy O

No.

Day of

18



by the Treafurer of Hit Majefty** Nary, out of Monica the Head of (Wages, tr of General Services, as tie

£• Bo £• So P• Fm

IT virtue of the Aft Fifty hath George the Third. — N. Bo The forging of this Bill or procuring any other Perfon to Jorge the fame, in order to receive the whole or any Part of the Half Pay or Penfion therein mentioned, is made Felony vkbout Benefit of Clergy.

fit

CAP. CII.

lid to amend the A& of the Fifty third Tear of Hia pre* bt Majefty, intituled An Aft for tie Relitf of Infolvent Debtors in England ; and to give further Powers to the Court Sprinted by the faid Aft.	[ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of His S3 G. 3.c. tax. prelent Majefty’3 Reign, intituled An AS for the Relief of Debtors tn England; and it is expedient to amend the Sod Aft, and to diftinguilh between the cafes of fuch Infolvent letters who lhall have been guilty of grofs Injuftice towards dr Creditors, and the cafes of thole who fhall not have fo con-ified tbemfelvesBe it therefore enafted and declared by The MoftExcellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent abameot afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from In cafe Prifoner d after the peffing of this Aft if it lhall appear to the Court eftab- ha$ aded with led by virtue of the faid recited Aft, upon the Examination of r Prikmcr9 qjr otherwife, that fuch Prifoner has afted with grofs been ikied tohb dbce towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, either in contraft- Difcharee, unleft say Debts, or entering into any Engagements, without any fait the whole of the rfpeft or probable Means of paying fuch Debts or fulfilling fuch Creditors coo-pagements, or by fquandering or otherwife improperly difpofing fent* ms or her Monies, Effefts or other Property, which he or (he k hare applied in paying fuch Debts or fulfilling fuch Engagers, cither wholly or in Part, fuch Prifoner lhall not be entitled to ir her Difcharge by virtue of the faid .recited Aft, unlefs the le of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner lhall confent to his or her harge, or fuch Prifoner lhall have been confined within the Walls ly Prifon for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from time when fuch Prifoner lhall have applied for his or her Dif-

ge*

.. And be it further enafted. That in every Notice direfted to Declaration by iren by the faid recited Aft, by any Prifoner, to his or her Cre- Prifimsr-or Creditors, fuch Prifoner lhall declare that he or Ihe is ready willing to fubmit to be fully examined touching the Juftice of his w Cond 11ft to his or her Creditor or Creditors.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling Order by tho tbh Aft it lhall not be lawful for the faid Court to order that Court for Emu Primer Hull be examined at any Seffion of the Peace for the J”™**000* umei of Middlefex or Surrey, or for the Cities or Liberties of *rifcn,t# fo Gjbo. iXL	L1	London

56' GEO* III.

A.D.18I6-

Quarter Seffion* to examine Pri&jner;

and declare in open Court whether he has aded with In* juftice or not

Prifaner not to be examined hut at Quarter Sef-fion of which he lhall have given Notice to his Creditors.

Not to repeal former A&s, except as herein excepted. ‘

54 G. 3. c. 33.

Entry to be made of Quantity of Paper, Pafteboard, &c. turned out of Moulds daily.

C lOf, 105.

London and Weflminjler> or by any One or more Juftiee or Juftices of the Peace, out of Seffion, for any County, Riding, Divifion or Place whatsoever,

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the Court eftmblifhed by virtue of the faid recited Ad, and the Courts of Quarter Seffions, lhall examine each and every Prifoner touching the Juflice of his or her Condud towards his or her Creditor or Creditors.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Courts of Quarter Seffions for any County, Riding, Divifion or Place, at which any Prifoner fhall be examined, {hall declare in open Court whether fuch Prifoner has aded with grofs Injuftice towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, or not, and (hall alfo certify their Determination thereon to the Court cftablifhed by virtue of the faid recited Ad.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Prifoner hereafter (hall be entitled to be examined under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad at any Quarter Seffions except at fuch Quarter Seffions for &ch County, Divifion, Riding or Place, and at fuch time whereof he (hall have given Notice to each and every of his or her Creditors; and no Prifoner who {hall not appear to be examira} purfuant to fuch Notice fhall be brought up before any Couit to be examined without having given the like Notice at lead six Months previous to the time at which he or (he (hall appear in order to be examined.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to repeal or alter any of the Powers or Provifions of the faid recited Ad, or of another Ad pafied in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An As to amend an AH of the Fifty third Tear of Hit Majejlv's Reign, for the Relief of Infohent Debtors in England, further than any of the Powers or Provifions in the {aid Ads are hereby exprefsly repealed or altered refpedively.

cap. cm.

An Aid for further fecuring the Duties on Paper and Pafteboard} and for repealing the Countervailing Duty upon Pafteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback upon Pafteboard exported; and granting other Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. [ift July 1816.]

*	HE REAS the Regulations by Law eftablifiied for fecur-4 v V ing the Duties payable on Paper made in Great Britain 4 have been found infufficient to anfwer the good Purpofes thereby 4 intended, and it has therefore become necefiary to make further

*	regulations for the better Colledion of the faid Duties;9 Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Tenth Day ot October One thoufaod eight hundred and fixteen, all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard in Great Britain, (hall from Day to Day enter or caufe to be entered in a Book or iBooks, or on a Paper or Papers, to be delivered to him, her or them for that Purpofe by the proper Officer of Excife, and kept by fuch Maker or Makers in fome public and open Part of his, her or their

entered

[>•1111

50° GEO. Ill;

C.10S.

515

fMlhaifet, of the Number of Sheet* of Paper, Millboard,

Milord, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and diftinguiihing the kinds or Son* of Paper, Millboard,

Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Ptlrd, made or turned out of Moulds daily, fuch Number of Kef Paper being in fuch Account reduced by Calculation into ftaasd Odd Quires, and fuch Number of Sheet* of Millboard,

N* Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and

tend into Dozen* and odd Sheets, with their selpedive efti-

4 Weight, reckoning Twenty fix of fuch Sheets of Paper (Two

ham being allowed for wafte or damaged Paper) for a Quire

Sfi*g of Twenty four Sheets when dried and finiined; and (hall

* or csofe fuch Entries of each Day’s Work at his, her or tbeir

fa Wr Manufactories, to be made and completed before Twelve

fee Clock at Noon of the following Day ; which Entries (hall. Entries to he de-

fa' after the End of every Six Weeks or Forty two Days, be leered every Sn

Med to the proper Officer by and verified by the Oath of fuch w^?ks,» verified -§

her or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button 0oOatb*

M* Glased Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard refpedively,

Mb her or their Chief Workman or Foreman employed in the •rfafiboiy (which Oath the feveral Colledors and Supervifors Eaetfe sw hereby refpedively authorized to adminifter); and Makers making dj Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, But- £nt5,c*;.re* Pkper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall eft or lefofe to make any fuch Entry as aforefaid, or (hall know- officers, *c. y make, or caufe or pennit or fuffer to be made, in any fuch Book Paper as afarefsid, any falfe Entry, or (hall remove, conceal or troy any (nek Book or Paper fo delivered to him, her or them as irefaid, or fail to keep the fame in fome open or public Part of , her or tbeir entered Premifea, or withhold or keep the fame m the Iajpe&km of any Officer or Officers of Excite furveyisg her or their Manufactory, or by any Means hinder, obftrud prevent fuch Officer or Officers from freely examining the fame, comparing the Entries therein with his, her or their Stock, hall erafe, deface or alter any of the Entries therein or thereon, ftafl upon Demand refufe or negled to deliver in a perfed State fsdi Book or Paper in which any fuch Entries (hall have been e or ought to have been made as aforefaid, at or after the End te Six Weeks or Forty two Days for which fuch Book or Paper have been delivered to him, her or them as aforefaid, or to verify une by fuch Oath as aforefaid, fuch Maker or Makers of Paper,

I Button Boards Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Pafteboard fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch xfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	Penaky.

d be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the P,,*r, Pafte-f Excife, when Occafion (hall require, or they may think board,&c. to b« ped or take an Account of the Stock of Paper, Mill- kePJ. ^P*1*** it ton Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing refJftive * ** Pafteboard refpedively, and of the kinds, Sorts and Quan- cuffe*, that th« ach, in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of all and every Maker Officer may take trs of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, “ Account iper. Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard 5 and all and every ?r,lb^lt/*rnor' er end Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, But- 105	1	*

, GUzed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall at LI 2	all

C. 10S,

56° GEO. III. '

A.D.I816.

Makers to affift Officers In caking Account.

Obftru&ing Officer or refuf-iog him Affift-ance.

Penalty.

The Edges of Paper, Pafte-board, &c. may be cut before tied up.

But if Paper be divided each Piece to be dhemed a Sheet, and Reams dif-tinguilhed on Labels with the Words M Cut Paper," and kept feparate from the uncut.

all times place and keep his, her and their Stock of Paper, Mill- * board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard refpe&ively, diftinft and feparate, according to their refpe&ive Clafs or Denomination, Sort or Kind, and in fucn manner that any Officer or Officers furveying the Mill or Manufa&ory may at all times, with the Affiftance of fuch Maker and Makers, or a fufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, which Affi franco they the faid Maker and Makers are hereby required on the Requeft. of fuch Officer or Officers to give to the utmoft of his, her or their Power, corre&ly and without Difficulty take Account of the Number of Reams or Parcels of each Clals or Denomination, Sort or kind of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard refpe&ively, and be able, without the Neceffity of removing or difturbing any of the Reams of fuch Paper, to diftinguifh the Words, matters and things dired-ed to be printed, written or ftamped upon the Wrapper, Cover or Label of each Ream of fuch Paper; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, or any other Perlon or Perfons what-foever, (hall oppofe, moleft, obftrud or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in inlpe&ing or taking fuch Account as aforefaid, or (hall at any time refufe or negled, when required, to give to any Officer or Officers fuch Affiftaace as afore faid, or (hall at any time negled or refufe to keep his, her or their Stock of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard in fuch manner as aforefaid, or hide or conceal any Part thereof, all and eveiy fuch Maker or Makers, or Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum or One hundred Pounds.

' III. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the faid Tenth Day of OBober it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, to cut the Edges of fuch Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, before the fame is tied up in Reams or Parcels refpe&ively in the manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that if any Paper be divided with a Knife or other Inftrument before fuch Paper (hall be tied up in Reams or Parcels (except by cutting the Edges of fuch Paper), each feparate Piece into which fuch Paper (hall be fo divided (hall be deemed a Sheet of the Ream into which it (hall or is to be tied up; and that all and every Maker and Makers of Paper (ball diftinguifh each and every Ream of fuch divided Paper, by marking, writing or printing in large legible Chara&ert and Words at Length on the Label thereof, hereinafter mentioned, the Words “ Cut Paper,” and the Number of Pieces into which each original Sheet has been divided, and (hall place and keep fuch Paper feparate and apart from all uncut Pamper, and from all Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed £aper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper fhall negle& or refufe to diftinguifh fuch Paper fo divided as aforefaid by the Words “ Cut Paper,” and by the Number of Pieces into which each original Sheet has been divided as aforefaid, being ib marked, written or printed thereon by him, her or them refpe&ivelf as aforefaid, or fhall negled or refufe to keep all fuch Paper feparate

fa	and	i

56° GEO. IIL

C109.

517

pa from all uncut Paper, and from all Millboard, Button t Anton Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, and Pafte* f Jr, (he or they fo offending (hall for each and every fuch r forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

[And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker or i of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, in tying up any Ream or of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed

C Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall make ufe of only one and nnknotted String, and that fuch String (hall pafs over (length and acrofs the Middle of each Ream of Paper, fo that t'Kast formed by tying together the Two Ends of iuch String on the Middle of One of the Sides of fuch Ream; and that Aftmg (hall pafs over the Length, and Twice at equal Diftances fm the Breadth of each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, IPm Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, fo itt the Knot formed by tying together the Two 'Ends of fuch lllg final1 be in the Middle of One of fuch Croilings, and on One tji* Sides of fuch Parcel; and all and every Ream and Reams f Paper and Parcel and Parcels of Millboard, Button Board, Piper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, which t found by any Officer or Officers of Excife tied up otherwife tea*afceefaid (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by jpOffioer or Officers of Excife.

V* And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker and iakm of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed aper. Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall mark, write or print, r canfe to be marked, written or printed in large and legible 3wraAm upon the Label hereinafter mentioned, affixed on every Ream of Paper, and upon every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, fatten P»pert Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, the ftfohe of fuch Ream or Parcel refpe&ively j and if any fuch Make/ r Makers of Paper (hall refufe or negle& to mark, write or print, r canfe to be marked, written or printed as aforefaid, on the Label f every Ream of Paper, and of every Parcel of Millboard, Button tad, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafte-osnf, hereafter mentioned, the Weight of fuch Ream or Parcel, if any fuch Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, otton Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall any time, on being reweighed by any Officer or Officers of Excife, foand to weigh lefs or more than Five per Cent. under or over the eight fo marked, written or printed on fuch Ream or Parcel by ch Maker or Makers as aforelaid, the fame (hall be forfeited, and ill and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the aker or Makers of fuen Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button per. Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall forfeit I lofe the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Maker and akers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed aper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, (hall as foon as any Paper, Hboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Gbzed Paper, Sheathing ‘aper or Pafteboard, has been made and tied up, as is by Law in that •half dire&ed, and before it is produced to the proper Officer of rcife to be weighed and (tamped4o denote the Charge of Duty,

L 1 S	firmly

Penalty.

Directions for tying up

Reams or Par* celt tied up contrary to Directions forfeited.

Makers to mark the Weight on the Label affixed to every Ream of Paper or Parcel of Pafte-bourd.

Makers refuf-ing, or if Paper found of unduo Weight.

Penalty. Directions for affixing a Label as foon as the Paper, &c. (hall be tied op;

518

C. 103.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

and the Number of the Ream or PmrceUthe Oafs, and other Particulars to be wot ten thereon*

Makers iitgled-Ini to do fo.

firmly and permanently fix or caufe to be fried with warm Pafte, made of Glue, Flour and Water only, a Label made of a certain kind of Paper called Tiffue Paper, or at leaft Four Inches fiqoare, and of a different Colour from the Cover or Wrapper of the Ream, to and upon One of the Sides of the Cover or Wrapper of each and evety Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof; and fhall firmly and permanently fix or caufe to be fixed as aforefaid, on eacn and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard, a Label made of the faid Paper called Tiffue Paper aforefaid, of at leaft Nine Inches fquare, over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger Piece of Paper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom of fuch Parcel, and beneath fuch Knot, and between the String and outer Sheet of fuch Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard refpedively ; and (hall write or print, or canfe to be written or printed, on each and every fuch Labels refpe&ively, in diftind and legible Chara&ers, immediately after the fame has been fo affixed as aforefaid, and has become perfe&fy dry, the progreffive Number of the Ream or Parcel, and hi Words at Length the Clafs or Denomination and Sort'or kind of the Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, and if the Paper has been fo divided as aforefaid, the Number of Pieces into which the original Sheet (hall have been divided as aforefaid, and the Weight of fuch Ream or Parcel as aforefaid 5 and (hall alfo write, print or mark thereon the Number br Letter by which the Mill at which fuch Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard has been manufactured, (hall be diftinguiftied by the Book or Paper delivered to filch Maker or Makers ana then in ufe as hereinbefore mentioned; and on which Label, when perfectly dry but not before, (hall alfo be impreflVd by the Officer, after he has weighed fuch Paper, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, SbeathingPaper or Pafteboard, Part of the Stamp to denote the Charge of Duty, the other Part thereof being impreffed upon the Wrapper of the Ream of Paper, or upon the larger Piece of Paper to which fuch Label is affixed, upon each Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard as aforefaid; and if any Maker ‘or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, fhall not, as foon as any Paper, Millboard, Button Bdard, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, has been made and tied up as is by Law in that behalf directed, and before it is by him, her or them produced to the propel* Officer of Excife to be weighed and damped to denote the Charge of Duty, firmly and permanently fo fix or caufe to be fo fixed with warm Pafte, made of Glue, Flour and Water only, fuch Label as aforefaid to and upon One of the Sides of the Cover or Wrapper of each and every Ream of Paper, and over the Knot formed by tying together the Two Ends of the String thereof, or fhall not firmly and permanently fo fix 6r caufe to be fo fixed as aforefaid, on each and every Parcel of Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard, fuch Label as is before in that behalf mentioned, over the Knot formed by tying together

3.1816,

56° GEO.IIL

5i§

Ciios.

xXw&ii of the String thereof, and to and upon another larger |f Jhper of a different Colour placed on the Top or Bottom \ Bred, and beneath fnch Knot, and between the String v Sheet of fiich Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, iftper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, or (hall not writ* i or caufe to be written or printed on fuch Labels refpe&ively, tely after the fame (hall have been fo fixed and become per-fdrv as aforefaid, in diftinft and legible Chara&ers, the prp-9* Number of the Ream or Parcel, and in Words at Length the •or Denomination and Sort or kind of the Paper, MiUboard, i Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or vd, of which fuch Ream or Parcel confifts, and if fuch Paper I So divided as aforefaid, the Number of Pieces into which the 1 Sheet (hall have been divided as aforefaid, and the Weight L Ream or Parcel, and alfo the Number or Letter by which at which fuch Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button OL Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard has been ma* dpared, (hall be diftinguiffied as aforefaid, every fuch Maker and ■in refpe&ively fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V1L And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker and Afesof Piper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed PfriShmtluDg Paper, or Pafteboard, (hall, when and fo often as floor they (hall receive or have delivered at or on his, her or their red Pranifes any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, led Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, which has been made chared with Duty at any other Mill or Manufactory, or which i been rctaroed to him, her or them, from any Cultomer or Cuf-. am, or other Perfon or Periods, mark, write or print on and dif* igmb every fuch Ream or Parcel of Paper, Millboard, Button md, Battoa Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard ^wdfrriy, with the Number or Letter by which the Mill is dif-gwAed as aforefaid, and at which the fame was manufa&ured, and Nt whence received, or with the Words “ Returned Paper” re-Andy, as the cafe may happen to be, and (hall keep all fuch Paper, Sboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing per sad Pafteboard, feparate and apart from each other, and from other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed per, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard, on pain of forfeiting for each I every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IH1L And be it further enaded, That every Maker and Makers Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, eathing Paper and Pafteboard, (hall once in every Six Weeks-ke a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excife within the nits whereof fuch Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button

rr, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, and Pafteboard refpe&i vely be made, of all Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, axed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard, charged on fuch aker or Makers refpe&iyely within fuch Period of Six Weeks, in hid Entries the Number of Reams and Parcels of fuch Paper, Mill* Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper >d Pafteboard refjpe&ively, fepar^ted into and diftinguifiied by the Merest Clafles, Denominations, Sorfs and kinds of each, and the cal Weight of each Day’# Charge refpe&ively, (hall be iaferted

LI 4*	and

Penalty.

Makers on re* ceiving Paper, See. which has been made at any other Mil!, nr which has bp en returned, (hall diftinguifh and keep fame feparate.

Penalty.

Entries to be made at the Excife Office every Six Weeks of all Paper, ftc. charged within that Period^ and ftariog ocher particulars, to be verified on Oath.

540	C.10S.	56°	GEO. III.	A.D.1SI6,

and ftated Day by Day ai the fame is or are damped by the Officer, to denote the Charge of Duty, and fuch Entries (hall be verified upon Oath by the Makers of fuch Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard refpe&ively, or his, her or their chief Workman or Servant employed in making' the fame; and fuch Maker or Makers (hall thereupon further make Oath that no other Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard refpedivriv, than is mentioned therein, has been within fuch Period of Six Weeks (except fuch as may have been previoufly taken an Account of and charged with Duty) by him, her or them removed, carried or fent, or cauled, fuffered or known to be removed, carried or fent from his, her or their Premifes, (which Oaths the feveral Colle&ors or Supervisors of Ex-rife are hereby refpe&ively authorized to adminifter,) on pain of forfeiting for each and every Refufal or Negled to keep or make fuch Penalty.	Entry	dr fuch Oath as aforefaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds;

Makers travel. provided that no fuch Maker or Makers (hall be obliged to go further Cos to make than the Market Town next to the Place where fuch Paper, Millboard, £ntries.	Button	Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and

Pafteboard refpe&ively, (hall havg been made for the making of fuch Entries as aforefaid.

If Quantity con- IX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if the Quan-tiined in fuch tity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed undmed Stock *>aPcr» Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard, contained and inferted in be Five per fuch Entries, added to the uncharged Stock of fuch Maker or Makers Cent, under Ac- refpe&ively, (hall at any time from and after the Tenth Day of OBnber count kept daily, be found to be lefa than Five per Cent, under and below the Account entered and kept of the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, w 01 Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sneathing Paper and Pafteboard, which (hall have been daily made, and of which an Account is fo to be kept as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of Excife to charge fuch Maker or Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard refpe&ively, with the Duties on fuch Deficiency of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Pafteboard refpe&ively, as (hall be below Five per Cent. as aforefaid, according to the Average Weight of the Paper, Mill-board, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, or Pafteboard fo miffing and uncharged.

< X. And Whereas a certain Drawback or Allowance is by Law * made and payable, on certain Terms and Conditions, of the Duty € charged or chargeable on Glazed Paper and Prefs Papers, adually € and bona Jide ufed, employed and confumed in the preffing of Glased Paper	< Woollen Cloths or Stuffs ;* Be it further ena&ed. That luck

■nd Preft Paper Drawback or Allowance as aforefaid (hall not be made or paid, ex-W«>u!LnGWftu	cePt *or k muc^ ^ucb Papers as (hall at the time of making the

to be produced	Oath in that behalf required of the Ufe and Employment of fuch

to Officer, to ob- Paper, have been produced to the Officer of Excife attending, on tain Drawback. Forty eight Hours9 Notice in Writing, fpecifying the Day, Hour and Place for fuch Attendance and Quantity of fuch Paper, given to him for that Purpofe by the Perfon claiming fuch Allowance, and which (hall, after an Account taken of fuch Paper by the laid Officer, have been burnt in his Prefence.

XL And

uisie.

66° GEO. IIL

CIOS.

SSI

*39*

*41.

i). iW he it farther ttm&ed. That from and after the Tenth Mikm dm to ■ One thoafand eight hundred and Sateen, no Maher “"r ",h*

,SL^rr:f0r ^1^°" nPS°"^	^£1 J?%££r .t\nr

' Bvboela of a Stationer or Dealer in Paper, Millboard, Minf „ Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Two’Miles any Paper or Pafteboard Mill refpe&iveiy, nor (ball thereof.

1 or Makers of Paper carry on the Bufioefr of a Stationer in Paper, in or on any rremifes within the Diftance of fWei of any Mill or Manufa&ory for the making of Paper,

■nd, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing tor Pafteboard refpe&ively, on pain of forfeiting for each and Hack Ofcice refpedively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds ; Penalty.

Uk Maker or Makers mall alfo forfeit and lofe the Value of fclftper by him, her or them made or manufa&ured during gjkr of carrying on fuch Trade of a Stationer or Dealer as

■D. And Whereas by an Ad paifed in the Thirty fourth Year 34 o. 3. c. so, dk Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for repeal•

Ilk Doties on Paper, Pafeboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Iftcd Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof a keaback of the Duties upon Paper is allowed to the Universities 19aM and Cambridge, and to the King’s Printers in England ti Scotland refpedively, upon all Paper ufed in the printing of Ues, Teftamenu, Pfalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of

•	Cfancb of England, the Book commonly called or known in d&ani by the Name of The Confeffion of Faith, or The Larger

•	Shorter CoUcbifm of the Church of Scotland, upon certain Con-hions, and upon taking and fubicribmg an Oath as therein prescribed, which Oath is to be taken by the Chief Manager of the ftefc in the Uaiverfities, and by the King’s Printers in England ad Scotland refpedively: And Whereas Doubts have arifeo whe-kr the Oath prefcribed by the faid Ad is to be taken and fob-eribed by all and every Patentee of the (aid Offices of King’s . p ,

refpedivelyBeit therefore enaded. That the Oath of the SJoIficeof lag Patentee of the Offices of Kind’s Printer in England or Scot- King’s Primer ifiefpedively (hall be deemed fumcient, within the true Meaning lufficimt, under tk (aid recited Ad, for all the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad. recitc<1 Ad*

| XIII. And Whereas it is by the faid Ad made in the Forty 4* G. 3.0.94. Rood Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty enaded, that § xx*

0 Pafteboard (hall be made in Great Britain, of or from any fatcrial or Materials whatever, fave and except Paper which (hall Bit been charged with the full Duties of Excife payable there*

0, aad which (hall not have been written or printed on, or pre-100% tried for any Purpofe whatever; and that before any Maker r Makers of Pafteboard (hall begin to make any Paper into Pafte-card, he, (he or they (hall produce to the proper Officer or Officers of Excife all foch Paper as (hall by him, her or them be ■tended to be made into Pafteboard in the original Covers or Wrappers in which the fame was charged, and having the Excife Day Stamp fair and legible on each Ream thereof, and (hall take Cover* or Wrappers from the faid Paper in the Prefence of fed Officer, who (hall thereupon take Account of fuch Paper, and of the Quantity and Weight thereof, and (hall deftroy the Duty Stamp oa each and every of the bid Covers or Wrappers; and

• to

Oath of the id-

C. 103,

56* GEO. IIL

A. D. 1810,

SS2

Refpefting Materials from which Pasteboard is to be made to apply only to Makers of Pafteboaid. Makers of Paper, Stc. may make Pasteboard at their Mills lubjeft to Duties after mentioned.

Doty on Pafteboard imported from Irelaod repealed.

Duties on Pafteboard.

Paid by Makers.

Allowance to Makers of Pafteboard from Paper which has paid Duty.

to the Intent tfiit Inch Officer may be enabled to attend and examine and take Account of fuch Paper, every and all fuch Maker or Makers of Pafteboard (ball give to the proper Officer of Exciie Twenty four Hours’ Notice in Writing of bis Intention to produce fuch Paper, and (ball fpecify in fuch Notice the true Quantity of Paper intended to be produced, and the Day and Hour when be intends fo to produce the fame : And Whereas it is expedient to confine the faid recited Provifions to Makers of Pafteboard, not being Makers or concerned or interefted in the Trade or Bufioefr of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper;’ Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the Tenth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and fixteen, the faid recited Provifions (hall extend and apply to fuch Maker or Makers only of Pafteboard as is not nor are or (hall be a Maker or Makers or concerned or interefted in the Trade or Bufinefs of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper; and it (hall and may be lawful for all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Piper or Sheathing Paper, to make at his, her or their entered Paper Mill any Pafteboard, fubje& and liable to the Payment of the Duties re-fpe&ively hereinafter mentioned, according to the Quality thereof, from or with Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheathing Paper made by him, her or them at fuch Mill, before the fame (hall have been charged with the Duty impofed on fuch Paper, Millboard, • Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, or Sheathing Paper refpe&ively, any thing in any other A€t or A&s to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the Tenth Day of O&ober One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Duty of Excife payable upon Pafteboard imported from Inland into Great Britain (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, (ave and except as to any Arrears thereof; and that there (hall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, his Hein and Succefiors, the fe» veral Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to lay, for every One Hundred Weight of all Pafteboard which (hall be made in Great Britain or made m Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Brkainf from Paper wholly of the Second Clafr or Denomination,. Fourteen Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler Quantity; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pafteboard, which (hall be made in Great Britain or made in Ireland^ and imported from thence into Great Britain wholly or in part, from any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or 6heathing Paper, other than Paper of the Second Clafs or Denomination, One Pound Eight Shillings, and fo on in proportion for any greater or lefler Quantity ; which (aid Duties refpe&ively (hall be paid by the Makers of fuch Pafteboard.

XV.	And be it further eaa&ed, That from and after the Tenth Day of O&obcr there (hall be paid and allowed to all and every Maker and Makers of Pafteboard, not being a Maker or Makers or interefted or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of a Maker of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glased Paper or Sheathing Paper, who (hall make any Pafteboard, and be charged with the aforefaid Duties thereon reipe&ively, from or with Paper,

Millboard,

IS16.

56° GEO. III.

C.J03.

521



ton Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper or Sheath* . for which the Duties (hall hare been charged and paid fkively, and which (hall hare been produced and taken the Officer as aforefaid before the making thereof into “J, fo much of the Duties charged and paid in refpeft r, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed ^8farathing Paper refpe&ively, as (hall be equal to and not m the Amount of the Duty charged and paid br fuch flhr Makers of fuch Pafteboard, upbn Oath being firft made ftMaker or Makers, or his, her or their Principal Workman ^ tat he faid Manufa&ory, which Oath the feveral Collectors ‘~bts of Excife are hereby refpe&ively authorized to ad-fuch Pafteboard has been wholly made from fuch Duty , Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper “ Paper refpeCtively, fo previoufly produced to and taken y the Officer as aforefaid.

And be it further enaCted, That from and after the Tenth O&oBer the Drawback payable upon the Exportation of ^ (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, five and except Lfiears thereof, and that there (hall be in lieu of the Draw. [tH Pafteboard hereby repealed bef allowed the following i; for every One Hundred Weight of all Pafteboard I be made in Great Britain from Paper, or made in Ireland led from thence into Great Britain, wholly of the Second t Denomination, and for which all the Duties impofed for or jdfit thereof fhall have been paid, and which (hall be duly earn as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Fourteen Shillings, and fo iBpmks for any greater or lefler Quantity; for every One ^ Weight of all Pafteboard which (hall be made in Great or aide m Ireland and imported from thence into Great if'wbcfly or in part from any Paper, Millboard, Button Board, I ftper, Glazed Paper or Sheatning Paper, other than Paper {Second Oafs or Denomination, and for which all the Duties \ for or in refpeCk thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall If Reported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Pound SriUmgs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler

I. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the Duties by I ft impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called had (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of jft in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as fhall arife ttdand fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of fk in Scotland for the time being.

frill. And be it further enaCted, That the faid feveral Duties fttdfe, and the faid feveral Drawbacks of the Duties of Excife i Pafteboard, (hall and may be refpeCtively raifed, levied, coled, aofwered, paid, recovered, adjudged and mitigated in fuch Idle like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Mack* of Excife refpedively upon Goods, Wares, Merchan-*# utters and things of the fame Sorts or kinds refpedively Ot or right be railed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, record, adjudged and mitigated; and all Pafteboard and fuch Du* % sod Drawbacks refpe&ively therein, Audi be and the lame a

and

Oiih by Maker*

Drawbacks on

Pafteboard repealed, and in li«*u thereof Drawbacks herein mentioned to be paid* t Sit.

Duties to he under Management of Commiffioners of Excife.

Duties and Drawbacks on Pafteboard how to be levied and paid.

C. 103#

56° GEO.IIL

A.D# 18101



and are hereby made fubjed to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures, and to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Forfeitures refpedively, to which the lute Goods, Wares or Merchandize re-fpedively, were ftibjed or liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, relating to the Former Ads in Duties of Excife; and all and every rain. Penalty, Fine or For-force.	feiture	of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever

committed againd or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, made for fecur-jng the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execution for and m refped of the feveral Duties of Excife, and Drawbacks of Dutin of Excife, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if all and every the laid Ads, Claufes, Pjrovifions, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of thisAd#

Makers to place	XIX# And be it further enaded, That for the Purpofe of en-

theirr uncharged abling the proper Officer or Officers of Excife to make an annual fudimamiwas	®a^ancc °f	whole Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board,

to enable the	Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper or Palleboard re#

Excife Officers fpedively, made by any Maker or Makers of Paper in the preceding to make so an- Year, and of the Quantity thereof refpedively charged with Duty, nual'Bilance of evciy fuch Maker or Makers (hall, on the Fifth Day of July in each Paper^ftc made Year, or at fuch time or times as any fuch Maker or Makers (hall antfeharged with decline or leave off Bufinefs, or affign or transfer fuch Bufinefe to Duty.	any other Perfon or Perfons not being a Partner with fuch Maker

or Makers, on Notice being for that Purpofe given by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife to fuch Maker or Makers, Seven Days at the leaft before fuch Account as is hereinafter mentioned (hall be taken, and fuch Balance made, lav and place the whole of his, her or their uncharged Stock and loole Paper reduced into Reams and odd Quires as Bril hereinbefore mentioned, and Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper aud Paftc# board, in Dozens and odd Sheets, in fuch manner or Order that the fame may be conveniently numbered, weighed or otherwise taken account of by fuch Officer or Officers of Excife ; and all and every fuch Maker or Makers (hall and are hereby required, with his, her or their Servants or Workmen, to give all needful and requilite Aid and A Alliance to fuch Officer or Officers io numbering, weighing or otherwise taking account of fuch uncharged or loofe Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Pa# per or Palleboard refpedively, as by fuch Officer or Officers may be found neceffary for making fuch Balance as aforefaid; and that fuch Account of the Quantity of Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Palleboard refpedively, and of the kinds, Sorts and Quantities of each in the Cuilody or Pof-feffion of all and every fuch Maker or Makers as aforefaid, (hall, upon fuch Notice as aforefaid, be firft taken account of by fuch Officer or Officers as aforefaid, on the Tenth Day of 0Bobir One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen j and if any fuch Maker or Makers* or

any

56° GEO. III.

C. 103.

52 3

t Won or Perfons whatsoever, (hall oppofe, mokft, obftru d r«jr Officer or Officers of Excife in taking fuch Account Hi, or (hall refufe or negled to layv place and keep his ’ of uncharged or loofe Paper, Millboard, Button Board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper and Pafteboard in Order as atorefaid, or (hall refufe or negled, when

*	required, to give to any fuch Officer or Officers Rich Aid or we, or (hall hide or conceal any fuch Paper, MiUboard, ® Board, Button Paper, Glared Paper, Sheathing Paper or joard, from the Sight and Infpedion of fuch Officer or Office flail ufe any Art, Means or Contrivance, to prevent any Officer or Officers from taking a juft and true Account thereof, flack Maker or Makers (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, nadlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. And Whereas by an A61 made in the Thirty fourth Year Ae Reign of Hia prelent Majefty, intituled An ASt for repeal• 'At Duties on Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and mod Paper, andfor granting other Duties in lieu thereof; all and ay Stationer and Stationers or Dealer and Dealers in Paper, are Egtftivdy required, upon opening any Ream or Bundle of Paper, ethuTth to aeftroy or caufe to be deftroyed the Wrapper or over k which fuch Paper was inclofed : And Whereas by reafon

*	the Stamp or Impreffion direded by this Ad being put upon Label only, it is not requifite for Security of the Duty on Paper defiroy the Wrapper or Cover in which any fuch Paper was in-rfScd}* Be it therefore enaded, That from and after the Tenth f of Oflskr, fo much of the faid Ad as is laftly hereinbefore re-d (hall he and the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except as to f Tine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in-credby any Pbrfon or Perfons whatfoever in refped thereof,'or liny thereto, before or on the Day laft afore faid.

Otl. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and fbstoxes, impeded by this Ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied mmgVted, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Petty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated ’my Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint Xsrannation, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft-gjter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively j and it One Moiery of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety Urn or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame, mi. And be it further enaded. That all Monies arifing by i Dudes by this Ad impofed, the neceffary Charges of raifmg and wanting lor the fame excepted, (hall from time to tipne be paid o the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer at Weftminfter, and the d Money, fo paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforefaid, Abe earned to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great

Obftru&tng

Officer.

Penalty.

So modi of 34 0 J* c.ia \ %$. as requires the deftroying of Wrappers on opening Bundles, repealed.

Recovery and Application ot Penalties.

Duties carried to

Confolidated

Fund.

Ifltais.

XXIII. And be it further enaded, That any Perfon or Perfons Taking fklfe An ball be convided of wilfully taking a falfe Oath in any of the Oaths, a&tk which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Ad, t any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before be pafag of this Ad, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance

Perjury. Aft may be altered, Jfcc.

Officers of Cuf-toms to have the like Powers as Excite Officers in cafes of Forfeitures under the Laws of Ex-cife ; and in cafes of Forfeitures under the Laws of Cuftoms, Excite Officers to aft as Officers of Cuftoms.

Officers of the Army or Navy en Half Pay, authorised by the Trtafurv or the Commit* fioners of the Cuftoms or Ex-eife, may make Seisures, pur-fuanc to their Warrant.

C. 105, 104.	56° GEO. III.	AA

ance by this Aft granted, iball be liable to the Pains and 1 to which Perfons arc liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enafted, That this Ad or uj Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by my Ads to be palled in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Aft for the making more effectual Provifion for the vention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers zAb making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vefihj licenfing Luggers employed in the North See Fithcry obliging Exporters of Excifeable Goods on Drawback! Notice of Shipment.	[ift Julj x

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient, for the Proteftion ofd ‘ VV venue and more etfeftual Prevention of Smugging

*	additional Powers fhould be given to Officers of Cuftomj m 4 cife refpeftively to make Seizures, and that Officers on ifcfl

*	(hould be authorized and empowered to make Seizures, wi 4 further Encouragement fhould be given to Officers and ftrfia 4 ployed in preventing Smuggling, and to Perfons giving U 4 ation relating thereto, and that the Laws relatiig In

*	Veffels fhould be amended :9 Be it therefore enaftedlyTfcfil Mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice aaibfottf Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tfcphlM liament aflembled, and by the Authority of the

and after the palling of this Aft, every Officer of Cdbffii have, ufe and exercife all fuch and the like Powers and hi ities for the Examination, Seizure, Detention, Reran)ail fecution of any Ship, Boat or other VefTel, Cart or other Cra Horfe or Cattle, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize vUW forfeited under any Law or Laws of Excife, as are or U baj be granted, or fhall or may be ufed or exercifed in that bdi any Officer of Excife ; and that every Officer of Excife Unfit ufe and exercife all fuch and the like Powers and Authorial the Examination, Seizure, Detention, Removal and ProfecutM any Ship, Boat or other Veffel, Cart or other Carriage, Hod Cattle, or Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, forfeiril der any Law or Laws relating to Hih MajeftVs Cuftoms ist fhall hereafter be granted, or fhall or may be ufed or esed in that behalf by any Officer of Cuftoms ; any thing in thssorl other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary thereof sowi Handing.

II, And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful k* Officer of the Array or Navy on Half Pay, who fhall beuttow for that Purpofe by Warrant or other Inftrument under the Hand of the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Ttdurjh the time, being, or any Three or more of them, or by a D<?«una from any Three or more of the Commiffioners of Cuftonw or El cife in England*, Scotland or Ireland refpeftivelv, to feize, ritii any fuch Limits as fhall be fpecified in any fuch Warrant or Iain ment, any Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, oricypw hibited Eajl Indio or French Goods, or any other Goods fpecifc

8f	ii

IE1&

56* GEO. III.

C.10i.



f Jfedh Warrant or Inftrument which may be fubjed to Seizure, Igy Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Ex* Hwhely, or any Veflel, Boat, Horfe, Cattle or Carriages Hbpbjed in the Importation or Removal of fuch Prohibited ifioodt ; and all the Powers, Provifions and Authorities con* Is any Aft or Ads of Parliament in relation to the making * Seizure of any fuch Goods, or of any fuch Veflel, Boat, i Cattle or Carriage for being ufed or employed in the Import* W Removal of any fuch Goods by any Officer or Officers of dttoma or Excife, and to the arrefting or detaining any Men ahtannefted or detained under any Ad or Ads of Parliament . far dm Prevention of Smuggling, (hall extend and be con* ^ fa extend to all fuch Officers fo authorized as aforefaid, and m Goods or Articles which they are refpedively empowered as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if j|inl Claufes, Powers, Authorities and Diredions, relative fh were repeated and reenaded in the Body of this prefent Wtt all fuch Officers refpedively.

L And be it further enaded, That if any Officer on Half or Naval, fo authorized as aforefaid, (hall make any re, or (hall deliver up, or (hall make any Agreement or not to feize any Ship or Veflel, Boats, Horfe, r Carriage, or any Goods liable to Seizure, or (hall diredly Hjr take or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence or far the Negled or Nonperformance of his Duty, in re* |tft my fuch Goods or Articles, or Seizure thereof, every ioer therein offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence An Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable in any Office or Employment, Civil or Mili-[ if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (hall give, offer or fo give, any Bribe, Recompence or Reward to, or make i cofiirfive Agreement with any fuch Officer, every fuch Per*

\ fdbns (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, whether the "Mies, Propofal, Promife or Agreement be accepted or per-I nr not, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

And be it further enaded. That every fuch Seizure (hall be recovered and difpofed of, under the Diredion of the of His Majefty's Cuftoms or Excife in England and r refpedively in the fame manner as if made by an Officer or of the Cuftoms or Excife; and all Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things, contained in any Ad or Ads of Par* relative to the Seizure of the like Defcription of Goods, or Merchandizes, by Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife re-ely; and all Powers, Authorities, Exemption and Exceptions, 'tfi Privileges and Protedions as to maintaining or defending any tor Adion and Pleading therein, or any Cofts thereon, in relation toy Ads, matters or things done or that may be done by any fern of the Cuftoms or Excife refpedively, (hall extend and be ■*4, conftnted and taken to extend, and (hall apply to all fuch flfenoo Half Pay fo authorized as aforefaid, and to all Seizures Me bj them refpedively under the Authority of this Ad, in pur. ■fee of any Warrant or Inftrament given under the Provisions peof, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purpofes as *the (aid Penalties, Claufes, mattery things, Powers, Authorities,

Exemp*

Fortner A&b relating to Sei-lures extended to fuch Sei-

Such Offtcera making collufivs Seizures or taking Bribes, and offering Bribes.

Penalty.

Such Seiiurcs to be profecuted under Dire&ion of Commiffion-era of Cuffoms or Excife; and the Powers,

8tc. given in cafes of Seisuret by Officers of Cuftoms and Ex -cife (hall extend to fuch Half Pay Officers.

£28

Provifo «s to Half Pay OflF-cer» fetzing Ships liable to Forfeit, ore under fcfavi-gstioa Ads.

In lieu of the Rewards now payable, the Rewards herein mentioned (hall be paid for SeU sure Si

C. 104.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D.18I0.

Exemptions) Exceptions, Privileges and Protedions wert repeated and reenacted in this Ad, and were made Part thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be confirmed to extend to eiveto any fuch Officer on Half Pay as aforefaid, any Power or Authority to feize any Ships, Goods or Commodities whatever, liable to Forfeiture under any Ad or Ads of Parliament made for the Encouragement and Increafe of Shipping and Navigation.

vl. And be it further enaded, That for the further Reward and Encouragement of Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or Officers ading under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* and of fuch Officers on Hal? Pay as aforefaid, and of all Officers ading under the Orders of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife of England* Scotland or Ireland refpedively, for the Prevention of Smuggling, and of other Perfons giving Information of any fmuggttng Tranfac-tion, the Rewards hereinafter mentioned (hall, in lieu o? the Rewards now payable, be paid and allowed for and in refped of all Seizures of Ships, Boats or other Veffels, Goods, Wares or Merchandize under any Law or Laws of Cuftoms or Excife now in force at Sea, or for being unihipped or landed without Payment of His Maiefty’s Duties of Cuftoms or Excife refpedively payable on the legal Importation of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Importation of which (hall be wholly prohibited ; that is to &y , tf any fuch Officer or Officers making any fuch Seizure at Sea (hafl alio arreft, ftop and detain all the Perfons who (hall be or (hall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Boat or other Veffel in or on board of which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be or (hall have been brought, found or feized, and (hall alfo feize and iecure fuch Ship, Boat or other Veffel; or making fuch Seizure on Shore (hall alfo arreft, ftop and detain the Perfon who (hall be unlading, removing, carrying or concealing fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, landed without Payment of Duty or wholly prohibited as aforefaid, and alfo feize and fecure the Cart or otter Carriage, and Horfe or Horfes or Cattle ufed for removing and carrying the fame ; and fuch Officer or Officers as aforefaid (hafl take or convey, or caufe every fuch Perfon fo arretted, flopped or detained as aforefaid to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace, fo tuat he or they may be dealt with according to Law; or (hall deliver every fuch Perfon who (hall be fit for and liable to be employed in His Majefty’s Navy to fome Commander in or on board of One of His Maiefty’s Ships of War, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Officer or Officers making fuch Seizure (hall be entitled to and (ball be paid the whole of the Value, after deduding all fuch Cofts and Expences as aforefaid, at which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be refpedively eftimated or fixed by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife refpedively ordering and direding the Profecudon ; and in cafe fome or one only of fuch Perfons as aforefaid (hall be feized, arretted or detained, and brought before fnch Jjiftice or Juftices, or delivered over for the Ufe of His Mayfly’s Navy as aforefaid, and the reft (hall unavoid* ably efcape, and fuch Ship, Boat or other Veffel (hall alfo be feized and (Secured as afocriaid, luck Officer or Officers making fuch Seizure



56° GEO. Ill

a to*.

58 9

|hwM ft ill be entitled to and flail he paid, after fuch l)edac-F j8afad»d» Three Fourth Parts or Shares of fuch Value as ■H; and in cafe fuch Officer or Officers as aforefaid, making pjafeznre as aforefaid, flail alfo feixe and fecure fuch Ship,

Brother Veflel as aforefaid, or the Cart or other Carriage or Kpes, Horfe or Horfes, or Cattle as aforefaid, but (hall not pop, acred and detain, and produce before the Juflice or sea, or deliver over for the Ufe of His Majefty's Navy as afore-•ay of the Perfons aforefaid, or (hall flop, arreft, detain and gee before the Juflice or Juflices, or deliver over for the Ufe fib Majefty’s Navy as aforefaid, fuch Perfons as aforefaid, or m one of them, but not feize and fecure fuch Ship, Boat or f.YeSd, Cart, Carriage, Horfe or Cattle as aforefaid, then and wjh. safe fuch Officer or Officers making fuch Seizure (hall be Mm and (hall be paid, after fuch Dedudkra as aforefaid. Two mjfeits of fuch Value as aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch Officer pjerrs (hall make Seizure of any fuch Goods, Wares and Mer-Cneas aforefaid, and (hall neither feize and fecure the Ship,

V or other Veffei aforefaid, or arreft, detain and produce before Mb or Juflices, or deliver over for the Ufe of His Majefty’s If m aforefaid, any of the Perfons aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe iQScer or Officers making fuch Seizure of fuch Goods, Wares fodsafoes only (hall be entitled to and (hall be paid, after fuch udfoa as aforefaid, One Half Part of the Value at which fuch it. Wares or Merchandize (hall be fo efti mated or fixed as (aid: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Lords Prorifo where jmftoprrs of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, upon	to	Slot being made to their Satisfadion that the Failure of any fuch	^

veer or Officers upon making any fuch Seizure at aforefaid, in ^	^

dbag all or any of the Perfons aforefaid, and producing them or Arreft or Sei-9 before fuch Juflice or Juflices as aforefaid, or delivering them *ur« was not him over for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Navy, or feizing and £rin*to w*D!®f ring fuch Ship, Boat or other Veffei, was not owing to any tit of Exertion on the Part of fuch Officer or Officers, but was officer. hj occafitoned by Refiftance, or from the Violence of the Sea, natU of the Night or other infurmountable Obftaclcs, to grant feck Officer or Officers fuch further Part of the Value of fuch rare as aforefaid, as by them may be deemed expedient in that alf.

ill. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be R-evard to Infill for the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for fonn9n* tune being, or any Three of them, or for the Commiffioners of toms or Excife, under their Diredion, to order fo much of the ward. Part or Share of any fuch Seizure, or of the Value thereof sfbrvfeid, aa is by this Ad given or granted to the Officer or icers making any fuch Seizure as aforefaid, as they may deem iper, to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons by whofe Information through whofe Means and Affiftance fuch Seizure may be or qfhsnre been fo made; and that every fuch Reward, or Part or Shirts of Sti-baof any fuch Seizure, or of the Value thereof, as (hall under	**

‘ by virtue of this or any other Ad be payable to any Officer Men oitb* Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Army and Nwy ri rates of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or ading under to be diftritatetd e Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commiffionen for •ccordin* to .56 Gxo. III.	M	m	executing	P'ocUmsdtn.

330

c. 10*.

56° GEO. Ilf.

Mi

VcfTeb liable to Examination not bringing to when required may be {hot at (firft firing a Signal Gun); and the Captain, fee. of Hit Majefty's Ship, Ate. (hall be indemnified, haring the proper Pendant and $nfign hotlled.

Maflenof Vef-fels not being in the Sendee hoift-ing fuch Pendant or Enftgn. Penalty.

*4 G. 3. Seff. a. c.47.

One Half of the Rewards to be paid oa Condemnation of Seizune,and the other on Ac*

\ being ed*

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United K of Great Britain and Ireland* fhiul be divided and diftributed Proportions, and according to fiich Rules, Regulation* udl as His Majefty (hall, by his Order or Orders in Council, cr Royal Proclamation in that behalf, be pleafed to dire&orapj

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe anySbipij liable to Seizure or Examination by this or any other Aftrfj ment in forcer (hall not bring to on being required fotodb,! chafed by any Ship or Veflel in His Majefty18 Navy, havntgdej Pendant and Enftgn of His Majefty’s Ships horded, orby* or Veflbl employed in the Prevention of Smuggling under tie! rity of the Lordb Cornmiffioners of the Treasury, the Loci mHfioners of the Admiralty, or the Commiffioners of the Cd Excife, having a Pendant and Enfign hoifted of fuch Defcrif His Mqefty, by any Order m Council, or by his Royal Prodd under the Great S^i of the United Kingdom of Great Brk Ireland* (hall from time to time in that behalf order sod <M,I and may he lawful for the Captain, Mafter or other ftrfci the Charge or Command of Inch Ship or Veflel m Hhl Navy, or employed as aforefaid, (firft caufing a Gun to befi Signal,) to moot at or into fuch Ship or Vcnel fo liable ad find fuch Captain, Mafter or other Officer, and every Mad his Aid and Afliftance, or by hw Direftion, (haH be mlkkk indemnified and difeharged from any Penalties at Damages for fo doing; and in cafe any Pfcrfon or Mu I# wounded, maimed or killed, by means of fuch firioguiM Captain, Mafter or other Perfon afting in his or their ance, or by his or their Direftion, Sail be fued, nnkUtfj fees ted, or (hall be brought before any of His Mbjefty'sMi the Peace, or other Juftkes or Ferfons having competent AdH for or on aceount of fuch Wounding, Maiming or Killing ad find, all and every fuch Juft ice or Jumces, Perfon orPetfoij are hereby authorized find empowered, enjoined and rajnirdfid every fuch Captain, Mafter or other Perfon or Perfon* bw before him and them a* aforefaid,* to Bail; auty Lnr,A| Cuftom to the contrary notwrthftandrng.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if any ShiporVefi being in the Service of Hir Majefty’s Navy, or employed aii faid, (hall carry or hoift any fuch Pendant or Enfign u it heron refpeftively mentioned, the Mafter or Perfon hiring the Cha Command of every fuch Ship or Veflel (hall forfeit Sie Son J hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner* Penalty or Forfeiture is direfted to be recovered and applied ii by an Aft puffed in the Twenty fourth Year of tin Reign d prefent Majefty, intituled An AS far the more eJeStal Prtv** Smuggling h this Kingdom.

X.	And be it further enafted, That One Htlf Pirt of $ 4 Rewards as afimrfeid, after fitch Deduftion as tforefiid,feflkj! by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife refpetthdybrik® Profecution (hall be direfted to fuch Officer or Officers, orotier | fbn or Perfons as aforefaid who (hall be entitled to the fane* * diately upon the Condemnation of ahy inch Seizure u aforfui] the other Half Part thereof upon the Account or Account* rem U> fuch Seizure being finally made up and idjufted.

fio	XL	/

AJX1816.1

56* GEO. UL

C. 104.

581’

XI: Aad- be- it further ac*&ed,' That d Cell and Expincw' Expence* to be attending the Seizure, Detention, Cnftody, Removal, Prafccotion, P*'d ofgrofs Condemnation and Sale of any Shin, Boat-or other Veffel, Carriage^pr^**?*of Sal*; Horfe, Cattle, Goods, Wares or Merchandise refpe£tfvriy, forfeited under any Law or. Laws of Cuftoms .or Excife, (hall, except in the The Kiug’* cafes hereinafter mentioned, be paid out of the graft Proceeds arifing Share of Sei-from the Safe'of fuch Seizure whenever fuck Goods, Wans or Mer- luret* chandize refpediveilv are fold; and ia cafe any fuch Goods, Wans or Merchandize (kali not be laid, but be deftcoyed or otherwise dif-pofed of by any Order1 of the Lords Commiffioacrs of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them as aforefaid, all1 fuch Cofts and Expenoes (hall be paid out of His Mafefty’s Share of Cuftoms or Excsfe Seizures which, (hall or may be fdaed or condemned.	■	*

XII. Provided always, and be it further enaffced, That, in all* Commiffionen cafes where any Ship, Veffel, Boat, Horfe, Cattle, Cart, Carriage or* °/ Cuftomx'or Goods of what, hind fbever (kail be foiled-as forfeited under or by* Pxcifc PJL virtue of any A Aar A As of Parliament relating to His M^efk^s Stance^ of Revenue of Cifftoaw or Excife, it (hall he lawful for the refpe&ive* The King’* Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife, or any Three or more of them4 Share of Sei-refpe&ively, under the Bire&ion of the Lords Qommiffioner* of the and *Jf° Treafury, if they in their Diferetioa and Judgment (hall deem it ex- Jmongthe oa£ pedient fo to do, to order the whole t>r any Fart of the Cods, cers, &c. not ex. Charges and Expences arifing either from the Seizure, Cuftody, Re- ceediog the movd, Detention or Frofecudon of any fbch Ship, Veffel, Boat, Value of Re-Horfe, Cattle, Cart, Carriage or Goods, whether the fame (hall be* aPPointed condemned or not, aad alfo of the Cofts, Charges and Expences ^[thout d^dua-

iog Expence.

r fenm the Condemnation thereof, if the fame wall be condemned, and of the Safe thereof, if fold, whether the Produce arifing from the Safe thereof (hall be fuffieient to anfwer the faid Coils, Charges and Expences or not, to be paid out of His Majefty’s Share of the Produce arifing by the Sale of Cuftoms or Excife Seizures, which have beea or Audi and may be feined aad condemned, and (hall pay or diftribute to aad amoagft the Officer or Officers who (hall have made any fuch Seizure as aforefeid, aad the Informer -or Informers, if any, by whole Information, or through whofe Means or Affiftance fuch Seizure (hall be or (hall have been made, a Sum or Sums of Money net exceeding the Part, Share or Proportion of fuch Seizure, or the Value thereof, or the Reward for making fuch Seizure directed by Law to be peud or allowed to the Informer, or Officer or Perfon making any (nob Seizure refpe&iveiv, ia full, without dedu&ing therefrom the faid Coils, Charges ana Expences, or any Part thereof, and the Refidue of fuch Produce (hall be paid and applied to fuch Ufes and Purpofes as His Majefty’s Share of the Produce of fuch Seizures is by Law applicable unto.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed. That in any Profecution carried Expences of on in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at WtftmfjUr, or His Profecutions Majefty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, under or by virtue of ^-fhe King? any Order of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife in England or share of Penal. Scotland refpeAtvefy, it (hall he lawful for the (aid refoe&ive Com- ties, mtffioners, or any Three or more of them refjpe&ively, under the Dire&ion of the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury, if they in their Diferetioa and Judgment (hall deem it expedient fo to do, to order the whofe or any Part of the Cofts, Charges and Expences of

Mm2	fuch

out

C. 104.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

49 0.3. «.6j.



repealed, and Two Jufticea empowered to determine b all ca&e of 8eisure under Laws of Cuftoms as ther now do under Laws of EidTe.

No Adioo to b brought for the Recovery of Pe* rubies, &c. unleft by Order of the

or b the Name

of the Attorney General.

fuch Profecntion, (whether the Money which fhall be recovered and paid either by war of Penalty or Competition from the Defendant or Defendants (nail be fofficient to aafwer fucb Cofts, Charges and Ex-pences or not,) to be paid oat of His Majefty** Snare of the Penalties anting by Cuftoms or Excife Profecvtions, and to allow the Officer or Officers concerned in fuch Profecution, or Perfon or Per-fens through whom Information or by whofe Means or Affiftimnr fuch Offences were defeated, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding a Moiety of the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall be fo recovered and paid as aforefeid; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

• XIV. And Whereas by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for (amongft other things) giving Jurildidion to Juftices of the Peace to hear and determine Profecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence againft the Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, it is provided and enaded, that nothing in that Ad ffiould extend or be conftrued to extend to empower the faid Juftices to examine into, hear or determine any Profecution for any Penalties incurred by any Offence q that or any Ad or Ads then in force, or thereafter to be i relating to His Majefty^ Revenue of Cuftoms, in any cafe wl the fame ffiould in the whole exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, unlefs they ffiould be fe empowered by any other Ad or Ada of Parliament then in force, or thereafter to be made: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited Provifion, and to give to His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace the fame Jurifdidiou in refped of Forfeitures incurred under any Ad or Ads now in force, or which (hall hereafter be made relating to His Majefty** Revenue of Cuftoms, as they now have by Law in refped of any Forfeitures incurred under any Ad or Ads relating to His Majefty** Revenue of Excife $’ Be it therefore enaded. That the faid recited Provifion (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the oaffing of this Ad it (hall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majefty** Juftices of the Peace for any County, Riding, City, Divifion or Liberty, to examine into, hear and determine all Profecutions for the Condemnation of any Seizure made under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads. relating to His Majeftv's Revenue of Cuftoms; and the (aid Juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited before them, for the Condemnation of any fuch Seizure or Seizures as aforefeid, to proceed thereon in the feme manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as are given to them by any Law or Laws of Excife now in force with refped to Forfeitures for the Breach of any Law or Laws of Excife | any thing in the feid recited Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads now in force to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That it (haU not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfoos whatsoever to commence, profecute, enter or file, or caufe or procure to be commenced, profecuted, entered or filed, any Adioo, Bill, "Plaint or Information againft any Perfon or Perfons for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads now in force, or which (hall hereafter be made, relating to either of His Majefty** Revenues of Cuftoms or Excife, or to ifliie or caufe to be ifliied any Writ or Writs of Appraifement for the

Con-

E>. 1816.

66° GEO. III.

C.10*.

539

____of any Ship or Ship*, Boat or Boats* or other Veflel

or any Goods* Wares or Merchandize whaifoever lei zed “ nader or by virtue of any fuch A€t or Adis, unlefs the omenced, profecuted* entered* filed or iffued by Order of Boners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife* or by or in of His Majefty’s Attorney General; and if any Adtion, it* Information or Writ of Appraisement is commenced* hated* entered* filed or iftiied by or in the Name of any Perfon Woos whatfoever* except upon fuch Order as aforefaid* or by or be Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General* the fame and all _ thereupon haul fhall be null and void* and the Court or or Juftice or Juftices of the Peace* where or before whom Bill* Plaint* Information or Writ of Appraifement it I he fo commenced* profecuted* entered* filed or iffued, (hall fuffer any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had

And be it further enadled* That all Foreign Brandy* Rum* pa and other Spirits which (hall be feized by any Officer or pm of His Majefty’s Army* Navy or Marines* or Officer adfcing dot the Orders of the Lord High Admiral* or of the Conifer executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the l&gdo m of Great Britain or Ireland* or under the Orders tCnmmiffionera of Cuftoms or Excife in England, Scotland or tsf icfpe&ively* or by Officers on Half Pay, Military or Naval* sized as aforefaid* at Sea or on Shore* or having been unfhipped laded without Payment of His Majefty’s Duties of Cuftoms or volt parable on the lawful Importation of fuch Spirits refped-

S* flaU after the Seizure thereof be lodged with the proper w of Excife* and fecured and gauged and taken and kept moat of; and sifter the Condemnation thereof refpe&ively* upon yfecotion thereof by Order of the Commiffioners of Excife* (nail f&rthwith conveyed to fuch reipe&ive Places as are mentioned or prided in an A6t made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of ft prefect Majefty King George the Third* intituled An Ad for tie Wnefedwal Prevention of Smuggling, and there rediftilled* under the Hen of the Commiffioners ot Excife* for the Purpofe of making fcfime of a proper import Strength* and (hall afterwards be fold or Kerwi(e difpofed of* as dire&ed by the faid Ad* and by another de in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent intituled An Ad to make more effedual ProviRon for the “ Smuggling* and by this Ad* under the Orders of the i of Excife.

. XVII. And be it further enaded* That no Goods* Wares or Merchandize whatfoever* condemned as forfeited under any Law or Lavs of Cuftoms or Excife in any Part of the United Kingdom of Grut Britain or Ireland» (hall be fold at a lefs Price than (hall be ftpal to the Amount of the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife refjped-Wy payable upon fuch Goods* Wares or Merchandize refpedively* rite imported or taken out for Home Confumption; and that all coademned Goods* Wares or Merchandize* for which on public Sale aPnce (hall not be offered equal at the leaft to the Price aforefaid* and d condemned Goods* Wares and Merchandize* the Importation whereof is or (hall be wholly prohibited* (hall be forthwith deftroyed or fold for Exportation, or allied and difpofed of to fuch Public

other Spirits feised by Officers of the Army and Nary, Ac. to be lodged with proper Officer of Excife, and after Condemnation conveyed to Placet provided under 45 O. 3. c. 121. § 13. and there re-dittilled and afterward difpofed of as dire&ed by 47 0.3. Seff. a. c. 66. § ap.

No forfeited Gooda (hall be fold at a left Price than equal to the Duties, Ac.

C. 104.

56° GfcO. III.

A.D.1816.

5J 0.3. «•««•

54-

itpealed.

' No Licence required for navi-gating fijoare ‘rigged Veflel* of aoo Tons Burthen or tip-wards.

No Veflel liable to Seizure on account of her Conltru&ion ; but armed Vef-iels or navigated with a greater Number of Men than allowed, liable to Seizure, fcc.

Vefleli of the

Defcription herein mentioned found within the Limits of any Port, or within roo Leagues of the Coa(l,noc licenfed.

Ufe as fhall be ordered by the Lords Commmiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them*

*	XVIII. And Whereas an Act paifed in the laft Seffion of Par-f liataetoty intituled An AS to regulate the Clearance of Vejfels and

*	Delivery &f Coajl Bonds at Creeks and Harlouis in Great Britain ;

*	for exempting certain Ships and Vejfcls from being licenfed by the Coni-

*	miffioners of Cuftoms ; for authorising Officers of the Cuftoms to feint

*	Spirits removing without Ekcife Petmits; and for preventing Frauds 4 in overloading Keels and other Carriages ufed in conveying Coair for

*	Exportation, or to be carried Coajl wife : And Whereas it is «pe-

*	dient that the faid recited Aft fhould be amended,’ Be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the faid recited A61 as enafts, that no Licences {hall he reqnired from the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating certain Ships or Veflel* therein particularly deferrbed, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

1 XIX. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Navigation

*	of fquare figged Ships and Veffeb of the Burthen of Two bandied

*	Tons or upwards, without requiring the Owners thereof to take ■* out Licences for that Purpofe from. the Commiflioners of His 4 Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, Scotland or IrelandBe it therefore enacted, That from and after, the palling Of this A St no Licence fhall he required froth the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating any fquare rigged Ship or Veflel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards by Admeasurement ; and no fuch Ship or Veffel fhall be deemed liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Aft of Parliament in force on and immediately before the pafflng of this Aft, on account of her Length, Built, Conitruftion, Denomination or Defcription : Provided nevertheless, that every fuch Ship or Veflel as aforefaid, which ihall be armed dr intehded to be armed for Refiftance, or be navigated or intended to be navigated with any greater Number of Men than is allowed by Law in proportion to the Number of Tons of her Ad-xneafurement, fhall be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Aft or Aft 8 of Parliament in force relating to licenfing of Ships or Veflels, mnlefs the Owner or Owners of every fuch Ship or Veflel fhall take a Licence for the navigating thereof, in the fame manner as if thin Aft had not been made.

*	XX. And Whereas It is expedient that certain Ships and Veflels, 4 other than and except fquare rigged Ships or Veflels of Two 4 hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, fhould have Licences for

*	navigating the lameBe it therefore enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feven-teen, every Ship or Veflel belonging in the whole or in any Part to any of His Majefty’s Subjefts, whereof One Half of the Petfons on board are Subjefts of His faid Majcfty (and being a fquare rigged Ship or Veflel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons and upwards, the Difference of whofe Draught of Water forward and aft fhall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of fuch Ship orveffel) fuch Draught of Water to be ascertained by a ftrdight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to fuch Draught of Water, forward and aft, the Depth of the Main Keel in tire Middle of the faid Ship or Veflel, on the Outflde, and the DritogHt' df Wdter 'to 'be taken when the faid* Ships rtr

' '	Veffel,

£6* GEO. Ill,

CIO*.

690



light or loaded, (hall be in failing Trim, whkh ftull I* the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within any ^ Briitfb or Irtjh Channels, or elfewhere, within One hun-of the Coaft of this Kingdom, for which a Licence e been procured from the Commiffioners of Cuftoms ag the fame, ihall be forfeited, and (hall and may be £tized Forfeited tod w or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, t Cuftoms or Eacife.

And Whereas it is expedient for the Prevention of gling, that no open Veffel or Boat whatfoever (hould be ed to go to Foreign Parts, or to take or receive any Wares or Merchandizes at Sea from any Veffel coming Foreign Parts without a Licence for that PurposeBe ft i enacted. That from and after the Firft Day of January One Every open Vef-‘ eight hundred and feventeen, every open Veffel or Boat, f®l<* Boat dif. in the whole or in part to His Majefty’s Subjefts, which	Foreign

nod or difcovered to have been in Foreign Parts, or (hall be Pm^or to have L with or difcovered to have taken on board at Sea any Goods, ultra on board or Merchandizes from any Ship, Veffel or Boat coming from « Sea any ► Barts, unlefs fuch open Veflel or Boat (hall have gone into frora. 1Dy agn Port, or take fuch Goods to preferve the fame from r or Diftrefs, of which Proof (hall be made before the Col- pm*, without r or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms, immediately upon the Licence, nt of the {aid Veffel or Boat in a Port of this Kingdom, unlefs forfeited and i Boot or Veffel (hall be licenfed for that Purpofe by the Com- fewe<1,

“Bam of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or any Three or more of them, be forfeited, and fhalT and may be feized by any Officer or cers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy, Marines or of the Cuftoms 1 Exale; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament contained > the contrary notwithftandmg.

[’* XXII. And Whereas ft is expedient that the Commiffioners His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, Scotland or Ireland, or “hree or more of them refpeftively, (hould be empowered to : and limit the Operation of Licences with refpeft to the |Employment or Navigation of Ships, Veflel* or Boats licenfed in I inch manner as they may deem proper and fit for the Security of I the Revenue, and the Prevention of SmugglingBe it therefore

ied. That, from and after the paffing df this Aft, ft (hall be Licences to be i for the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’i Cuftoms in granted under •. bglandf Scotland and Ireland refpeftively, or any Three or more * them refpeftively, to grant any Licence which ihall be required d*cnJed necef. r the Navigation of any Ship, Veflel or Boat, upon fuch Condition &ry for Prevents to the Navigation, Trade and Employment of any fuch Ship, tion of Smug-Veflei or Boat, and for fuch Limits as to Diftance from the Coaft S^g. of the Unfted Kingdom, or otherwife, as the faid Commiffioners may dean neceflary or expedient or proper, for the Security- of the Revenue and the Prevention of Smuggling ; and every Snip or Boat, Ships trading, having any fuch conditional or limited Liaence, which (hall trade, ** contrary to

w* "**2*!^	not	a"*?£eed hj ** fcStoed.

Lceoce, (hall be forfeited and liable to Seizure, in like manner m

any refpeft as if no Licence whatever had been granted for fuch

Ship, Veflel or Boat; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of

Parliament relating to Licences, or this Aft, to the contrary not- ,	.	^

vithfibandincr.

8	M	m	4	< XXIII. And

C. 104.

56° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1816.

On granting Licences, Owners to give Security in Treble the Value of VeflfcL

Security to be approved*

ConjmilTioners of Cuftoms may grant Licences for Navigation of Luggers not exceeding 65 Tons Burthen to be employed m North Sea Fifhery; but no Lugger to proceed beyond the DifUnces herein mentioned.

Owner ed Logger to give Se-

•	XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to increafe the Amount 4 of Security for Ships, Veffels and Boats, requiring to be licenfed ;• Be it therefore ena&ed, That Security (hall be given by the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Veflel or Boat, for which a Licence (hall be required, in Treble the Value thereof inftead of in Double the Value, fuch Security to be given under the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitures as provided and ena&ed by the Laws in force on and immediately before the palling of this Aft, as for as the fame are applicable thereto; and the Owner or Owners of any fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat fo requiring a Licence, (hall give the necefiary Security for the fame at the Port to which fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat (hall belong, and no other, and the Perfons who are to become fuch Security for the fame fhall be Perfons approved by the Colfr&or and Comptroller of the Cuftoms, fumcient and refoonfible and refiding at or near the fame Port; any thing in any Aft or Aftt of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

•	XXIV. And Whereas by the Laws in force every Veflel be-

*	longing in the whole or in part to His Majefty'a Subjefts, or

*	whereof One Half of the Perfons on board (hall be Subjefts of 4 His Majefty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admcafure-4 ment, which (hall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, is, together

*	with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel,

*	fubjeft to Forfeiture, and may be feized by any Officer of His 4 Majefty** Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Exdfe:

*	And Whereas, in confequence of fuch Limitation of Tonnage, great

*	Inconvenience has been experienced by Perfons carrying on the

*	North Sea Fifhery, upon the Torkftdre and Norfolk Coaft ;* For Remedy whereof be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland, or any Three or more of them refpeftively, to grant Licences for the Navigation of Luggers, not exceeding the BurUien of Sixty five Tons, by Admea-furement, intended to be folely employed id the Fifhery carried on in the North Seas, between Saint Abb* Head on the Coaft of Scotland, and the South Foreland on the Coaft of Kent, provided that no fuch Lugger fhall proceed beyond the refpeftive Durances from the Coaft hereafter mentioned ; (that is to fay), when any fuch Lugger is employed in the Fifhery to the Northward of a due Eaft Line from Lowefioffe Light Houle, and to the Southward of a due Eaft Line from Saint Mbs Head, it (hall not be lawful for fuch Lugger to proceed beyond the Diftance of Twenty Leagues from the Coaft ; when any fuch Lugger fhall be employed in the Fifhery to the Southward of the fold due Eaft Line from Lowejloffc Light Houfe, and to the Northward of a due Eaft Line from the North Foreland, it lhall not be lawful for fuch Lugger to proceed beyond the Diftance of Six Leagues from the Coaft; and when employed in the Fifhery to the Southward of the find due Eaft Line from the North Foreland, and to the Northward of a due Eaft Line from the South Foreland, it (hall not be lawful for her to proceed beyond the Diftance of Four Leagues from the Coaft; and if any Lugger licenfed under the Provifions of this A€t fhall be found beyond the Limits and Diftances hereinbefore mentioned, every fuch Lugger fhall be feized and pro* fecuted in the fame manner fhe would have been if this A€t had not been made: Provided always, that the Owner and Owners of every

Lugger,

A.D.1816.

56* GEO. III.

C. 104.

557

Lugger, liceixfed under the Provifions of this A&, (hall, before any fuch Lugger proceed to Sea, or (ail out of any Port, Harbour or Creek of this Kingdom, give Security by Bond to His Maiefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in the Penalty of Treble the Value thereof, in the manner required by an Att patted in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majjefty, intituled An A3 to extend the Pro* vifiotu of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of Hit prefent Majefiyy for permitting certain Articles to be warehoufed in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond direBed to he given be an A3 of the Twenty fourth Tear of His prefent Majefiy, by the Mqfters and Owners of Vtjfels and Boats Ucenfed by the Lords of the Admiralty, with refpetit to certain Veflels and Boats for which the Owner or Owners are required to give Security by Bond as direded by that Ad*

' XXV. And Whereas the Regulations by Law eftabliffied for

*	the Prevention of Frauds on the Shipment of Goods for Export*

*	ation, in refpe& of which a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife is or 4 are payable, have been found inefficient to anfwer the good Pur*

*	pofes thereby intended, and it has therefore become neceffary to 4 make further Regulations in refpe& thereof/ Be it therefore cna&ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, all and every Penon and Perfons intending to export any Goods in refpe& of which any Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife (hall or may become payable, (hall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excife of the Port where the lame (hall be (hipped, Six Hours at the lead before fuch Shipment (hall be made, a Notice thereof in Writing, in which Notice (hall be fpecified the Number of Packages intended to be fo (hipped, with their refpe&ive Marks and Numbers, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods contained in each fuch Package, and Rate and Amount of Duty which have been paid thereon, and (hall alfo foecify the Quay or Place where fuch Package or Packages and Goods are lying, and from which fuch Goods are intended to be (hipped, and tne time when fuch Shipment is intended to take place, and tne Name of the Ship or Veffel in which the fame are intended to be (hipped and exported, and of the Matter or Commander thereof, and ot the particular Port or Place to which fuch Goods are intended to be exported, and alfo the .Place or Situation of the Port in which fuch VeUel (hall then lie and may be found $ and that if any Goods (hall be (hipped for Exportation, without fuch Notice as aforefaid being fo given and delivered as aforefaid, or without fuch Officer having been allowed an Opportunity of mfpe&ing and examining the fame in confequence of fuch Notice, or if fuch Pferfon or Perfons (hall not, after the Expiration of fuch Six Hours, or after the (aid Officer has finifhed and completed his Examination of the laid Goods, with all due Diligence, and without any unneceflary Delay, (hip the fame and every Part thereof, no Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife (hall be paid or payable thereon or in refpe& thereof.

XXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if upon the Examination of any Goods, or any Package or Packages fpecified in fuch Notice as aforefaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excife, any of fuch Goods, Package Gr Packages (hall be found to vary from the

Defcription

curity in Treble its Value in manner required by 46 0.3* c. X37^ § »•

Regulations to be obferved on the Shipment of Goods for Exportation where Drawbacks of Excife are al>

Notice.

Goods (hipped without Notice, See.

No Drawback.

If on Examination fuch Goods (hall be found to vary from Defcription given, and a

C.iOi;



i

greater Drair. back waul'd haft feeeu daimod than of Right due, .Good* forfeited.

Entering fuch Goods for Exportation.

Penalty.

45 G«3* c. hi.

47 G. 3. Seff.Z. c. 66.

Perilous detained under recited Ads liable to ferve in the Nary.

Defcription thereof refpedively contained in foch Notice, higher or greater Sum of Money than of Ri^ht die M claimed, or would according to Inch Defcription, in ak covery or Detection had not been made, have hem, on th ation of fuch Goods or Package or Packages refpedndj payable as-a Drawback or as Drawbacks of £xdfe mrrfpd or His Maiefty m any refpdefrauded therein, iHufa Goods or Package or Packages, and the Goods oootad refpedively, (hall be forfeited, and ihall and may he W Officer or Officers of Excife j and the Perfon or Period hove entered tbe fame for Exportation, knowing thereof, I and above all other Penalties, forfeit and Me for each a fuch Offence Treble the Value of fuch Goods, including t or Duties paid or payable thereon, or the Sam of Ok Pounds for each and every fuch Package, at the Eledn Commiffioners of Excife, to be fignified in and by the IdB to be filed or exhibited for the Recovery thereof.

* XXVII. And Whereas Doubts may wife whether mjm 4 Perfons who hath or have been, cxr who hereafter (bll m

*	arretted and detained under or by virtue of an Ad vm 4 Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, vttM\ 4 for the more offeBual Prevention of Smuggling, of«i 4 palled in tbe Forty feventh Year of the Rein sf/ftj

ntituled An AB to make more ejf$3uihnftt1 4 Prevention of Smuggling ; and who, under or bviitetdij 4 A6ts or either of them, is, are or would be Huh feteM 4 into His Majefty’s Naval Service, now is, are or mrW ■ 4 be kept and detained ia tbe faid Service, by mfootkdi

*	not be any Perfon or Officer employed in His MajefyHl

*	Service, or authorized or empowered by Wanant to inpwJ

*	into the faid ServiceBe it therefore eroded and deWt all and every Perfon and Perfons who now is or ait orM or may be arretted or detained under or by virtue of ftth mentioned Ads, or either of them, and who, oaderor VfW the faid Ads or either of them, is, are or would bare bra Si be impreffed into His Majefty’s Naval Service, k, ire ad I liable to fern His Majefty in the faid Service, and to br n

* detained in the faid Service, in fuch and the fane mnw, 1 fuch and the fame Period of time as in tbe faid Adi, ora them, is mentioned; and that all and every Arrians and I Officers and 'Officer, who by the faid Ads or either of then! or would have been authorized or empowered to recriv, kfl detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons as m the faid Adsorb them is or are mentioned, are, is and ihall be, snd « aodkb declared to be authorized and empowered fo to do, in /*£» fame manner, and as fully and efiedually to all latests ad I3 as if all and every fuch Perfons or Perfon, Officers or Oft been authorized and empowered fo to do by any Impreft1 iffued for that Purpofe.

A.D.1816.

56°G'EO. III.

XX loj*

559

CAP. CV.

An Aft to amend and continue, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, an Ad of «the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majelty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and to grant afti allow new eountfertasling Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and 'Scotland and Ireland refpeftively.	[ift	July	1816.]

4 W 7 HE REAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the J4 C- 3* c. 149-4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Jin AB to regulate* continual *>y ? urltil the End of the next Selfion of Parliament, the Trade in Sbirite 4 between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally ; and which faia Aft 4 was and is continued by another Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year 55 0*3* c.131.

4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, until the End of the prefent 4 Seffioo of Parliament; and it h expedient that the faid Aft fhould 4 be further continued, except £0 far as the fame may be altered by 4 this prefent Aft, and except Ho far as relates to the Drawbacks 4 made payable under the faid Aft on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, and * exported from thende to any other Place than Great Britain Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the lords Spiritual and Temporal, *nd Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft, except as afore- (except ts here-faid, (haU be and the fame is hereby further continued, from and after in excepted) fur* the End of this prefent Sefiion of Parliament, and (hall remain and ther C0M“nWd* continue m force from thence until the End of the next SefEon of Parliament*

II. And be it further enafted. That from and after the Tenth Day Drawbacks for of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the following Spirit* diftilled in Drawbacks in refpeft of tie Duty paid on the Malt ufed and con- Enskiid or fumed in the making of Spirits made or diftilled in England or Scot- tolit-*' land refpeftively from Corn or Grain, and which fhall after that time be exported to Ireland} fhall be allowed and paid in lieu of the Drawback granted in the faid Aft hereby continued ; that is to fay,

Upon every Gallon of fuck Spirits made or diftilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and fo exported after the faid Tenth Day of 0Bober One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, a Drawback of Four pence Farthing at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and fo in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

And upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits made or diftilled in Scotland, and fo exported after the faid Tenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, a Drawback of Three pence Farthing at the Strengths refpeftively as aforefaid.

Ill* And be it further enafted, That from and after the Fifth Drawback for Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, upon the Ex- Spirits diftilled i* portation of any Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland, from Core or Irel“d Gram malted or tamalted, which (hall have been or fhall be ware-	Dnv-

Jioufed in Ireland* in manner required by Law, and which fhall be ^*1 by exported from thence to any Part of Great Britain after the faid 54 0.3. c.149.

Fifth §8.

540

C. 105.

56* GEO. III.

Ml

SS G. 3. c iS9*

Ji;

loftead of Countervailing Duties on Britilh or IrHh Spirit* now payable, the following to be paid.

Countervailing

Duties.

Fifth Day of July, and during the Continuance of tbit Aft,th be allowed and paid a Drawback of Four pence Faitty more, upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits, for and io refpeft Duty paid on the Malt ufed and contained in the maty Spirits, in lieu and inftead of all Drawbacks allowed oral able on fuch Spirits by the faid A ft hereby continued, m A ft made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled AmMM an additional Duty of Eucife in Ireland upon Spiritt adq from Com or Grain•	I

IV. And be it further enafted, That in lieu of the inait ervailing Duties on Britifb or Irijb Spirits mentioned is thehl hereby continued, or in any other Aft or Afts, there Mbn levied, collefted and paid to and for the Ufe of Hh Mai Heirs and SuccefTors, during the Continuance of this Ad, tael countervailing Duties following; that is to lay,	1

For every Gallon Irifb Wine Meafure of Spirits which ■ made or manufactured m Great Britain$ and which tt my OH the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fidw be imported, or brought from thence under or by virtue dfq or the faid Aft hereby continued, into Ireland, at exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty fmftrCeia\ Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Five Shillmgiadfafl Farthing Briti/b Currency; and fo in proportion fior^tf 1% of Strength, not being left than that of One to faff fa I Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon EngVtfb Wine Meafure of Spirit] ri&fclI made or manufactured in Ireland\ and which at soy tift M Tenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred sad be imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of m or the faid Aft hereby continued, into that Pvt of GrtfM called England^ at a Strength not exceeding that of OaHl over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Nine SIApl Sixpence Three Farthings ; and fo in proportion for nj Jd Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Hydrometer Proof:	I

For every Gallon EngTtfb Wine Meafure of Spirits which U made or manufactured in Ireland*, and imported or brought! thence under or by virtue of this Aft or tne faid Ad heroft tinued, into Scotland between the Tenth Day of OdoUr isdl Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydnsl Proof, an Excife Duty of Eight Shillings and Four pence Firtti and fo in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not am that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:	I

And that from the time of paffing this Aft, for Engli/b Wine Meafure of Spirits which fhall be made ormaridan in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under arhyistj of this Aft, or the faid Aft hereby continued, into which (hall, before or upon the Tenta Day of NmskrOa ^ land eight hundred and fixteen, be imported and brought Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called EqM Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten ovw Hydrometer * aa Excife Duty of One Shilling and Two peaceHdfpeMT

IS\6»

56° GEO* III.

C.105.

541

# Gallon EngBA Wine Meafure of Spirits which (hall amnnfartuml in Ireland, and in^orted or brought from At Tenth Day of November One thoufand right hundred wader aad by virtue of thu Ad or the (aid Ad . hereby ■no Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One Hydrometer Roof, an Excife Duty of rive Shilling* arthing, and fo in proportion for any greater Degree exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer

Gallon EngBJb Wine Meafure of Spirit* which (hall (adored in Inland, and imported or brought from the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred voder or by virtue of this Ad, or the faid Ad hereby ■to Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great sd England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Three Shillings Halfpenny.

i always, and be it further enaded, That the feveral j Duties impofed by the (aid Ad hereby continued on or manufadiired in Ireland, and imported from thence t§id Ad into England or Scotland, (hall refpedively remain ■ payable for and in refped of all fuch Spirit* fo im-* or upon the faid Tenth Day of OSober One thoufand

_____1 and fixteen.

K'And be it further enaded. That in all Trials of the Strength ft fuch Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife in any Part Jk United Kingdom by the Hydrometer called Sikes*t (a) r, when and fo foon as the fame (hall be by Law eftablimed "bi into life, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, r the find Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted and taken for A of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in - find Ad firft hereinbefore recked; and that in all fuch las aforefaid Twenty two per Centum above Proof, denoted by Hydrometer called Sties*s (a) Hydrometer, (hall be fub-Isad taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer F mentioned in this and the laid Ad firft hereinbefose recited ; t all Spirits made fubjed to Forfeiture under or by virtue of I laft mentioned Ads, or either of them, for or by reafon of fixing refpedively of a higher Degree of Strength than One to W One to Four over Hydrometer Proof refpedively as aforefaid, I together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be jtamain forfeited for and by reafon of the faid Spirits being * "Wriy of a higher Degree of Strength than the faid Strength hiper Centum or Twenty two per Centum above Proof refped-tj as aforefaid.	(*) [Spelt Sykes, cap. io6. poft. f so.]

yil. And be it further enaded. That no Diftiller or Diftillers of nits in Scotland for Exportation to England, nor any Diftiller or Mfflkrs in England for Exportation to Scotland, or for Home 'nk or Coufumption, (hall make or brew any Wort or Wa(h for )ififatson from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with be fane, between the Fifth Day of July and the Firft Day of OBober )oe thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and if any fuch Diftiller or (hall between the Fifth Day of July and the Firft Day of Oder One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, make or brew any

Worts

Countervailing Duties under 54 G. 3. c. 149. $ 3. on Spirits made in Ireland to continue on Spirits imported before 10th Od<

Trials of Strength of Spirits by Sikes’e Hydrometer*

In what cafe Spirits, &c. fob* jed to Forfeiture under this Aft, and 54 G. 3. c. 149. § 7. to remain lo.

No Wort or Wrihfrom Malt, See. to be brewed for Dif-tUlatton between July j and 0&x, 181&



S$* GEO.IIL

Duties to he under Management of Cnm-miHi oners of £xcife.

Duties end Drawbacks how to be levied and paid.

Former Adhia ferce.

Duties carried to Conibladated Fond.

Recovery end

Application of Penalties.

AJU

Worts or Wafc from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tibs, nr any I with the frme, the fame frail be fo«fattcdr and toll and miybi by any Ofker or Officers of Excife.

VIII.	And be it farther enafted, That fnch of the Doties Aft impofed ns Jhatt arife in that Part of Great Britain ofedl fhall be under the Management of the ComnWfionrri of Jk England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (kali wki Part of Great Britain catted Scotland toll be under theMnsp of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the tin* hag fnch thereof as toll arife in that Part erf the United Kinjim Ireland fhall be under the Management of the Ctiftoms and Port Duties m Ireland*

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the {aid Dotai ad backs by this Aft inrpofed and granted fhall refpedmdy fan levied, collefted, recovered and paid, in fuch aadthrUrana in or by any or either of the General or Special Moos, tfi Methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of refpeftively were or might be raifed» levied, caUe&d, paid, and the faid Perions, Goods* Wares* Merchandize modities, fo by this Aft refpeftively made liable to the or chargeable with the faid Duties nrtpofed or entitled to il Drawbacks refpeftively granted by this Aft, (hall bead fa are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every fafltsfa Regulations, Rules, Reftriftions and Forfeiture* to iti&i XVrfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commoditinsnteewi or fpecially fubjeft and liable by any Aft or Aftirfmot force on and immediately before the palling of this A&dfai Duties of Excife, or other Duties under the Manage** si fai Commiilioners of Excife in England aud Scotland, and of 0 ^ and Port Duties in Irelandt refpeftively* were or might k or liable * and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Fortdtne nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever coonM. or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in fanes oodif diatelv before the palling of this Aft, for fecurfag the ftretf Excite, or other Duties under the Management of the WO miffioners of Excife refpeftively, or for the Reguhdoo andimpe meat thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diit&ou fa contained, fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to exterito fhall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in Execotioafa in refpeft of the faid feveral Duties and Drawbacks of Excife rdy ively hereby charged and impofed, in as full and ample naooer, » Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and evoy the hid A Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fine* Paw, Pad* Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reena&ed is the Body this Aft.

X.	And be it further enafted. That all the Monies arify if a Duties by this Aft impofed (the neceffary Chaigetof nfaf11 accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to efakp into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and flail be arid i and made Part of the Confolidated Fund.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, JPeaato» Forfeitures, impofed by this Aft, fhall be food for, recovered, k« or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Foil! or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by a

U

i*it.	jtfGEam.	aio6,io&	ms

iffljRof Eseife, or By aAy A&km of Debt, Bill* Plaint ot»

Mb»n any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminfter,'

At Coart of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland refpe&ively, and fe Moiety of every fueh Fixe,- Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be bis Heirs and Snceeffors, and the other Moiety td * Arm who (hall inform, discover or fue for the fame.

. And be it further enaded, That this Ad nfcy be altered, Alt may be d or repealed by any Ad to be made in this prefent Sefliort altered» kc,

CAP. CVI. fi to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wafli L Spirits and Diftillers' Licences; to grant other Duties Eea thereof; and to eftablifh further Regulations for the ftillarioa of Spirits from Com for Home Confumption in tlondy until the Tenth Day of November One fhoufand hr hundred and eighteen.	[ift	July	1816.]

[THEREAS an Ad was pafled in the Twenty fifth Year of 15 G. 3. c.as.

V the Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An AS for

tafiag fi much of an AS made in the left Self on of Parliament,

rdaUx to the Diftillatton of Com Spirits in Jmall Stills, in certain

nties or DiftriSs of the Highlands in that Part of Great

ts» called Scotland ; and for authorizing the Commtfnontrt of

cife in Scotland to grant Licences to Perfons living tn the fatd

mties or DftriSs to tBftH Spirits from Barley, Bear or Big, the

ovfih of the faid Counties, and for impofing a Duty on fueh

tenets: And Whereas another Ad was pafled in tne Thirty 33G.3.c.61.

ird Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS

r the Regwhfon of DMHtrtes tn Scotland, and the Exportation

‘ BritHh made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scot*

id to England, for a limited time : And Whereas another Ad

a pafled m the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of Hie prefent 37 G. 3* c. 10a,

ajcfty, intituled An AS for granting to His Majefty additional

toft* da DiflUleriCs in the feveral Parts of the Highlands of Scot-

ad, herein particularly deferibed, for a limited time / and for

fobtiag the Duties on DiftiHertes in the refPeSive DiftriSs m

udand: And Whereas another Ad was pafled in the Thirty 39*400.3.

ith and Fortieth Years- of the Reign of His prefent Majefty* c.73.

itnled An AS for repealing the Duties of Exetfe on DiftiUertee in

odand, and on the Exportation of Britifh made Spirits front

igland to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

d for altering, amending and continuing certain ASs of Parliament

r the Regulation of Deffilkries in Scotland; by which feveral

As Regulations were made relative to Stills and DtftiQeries in

rtain Diftrids of Scotland, diftinguiftied from each other by

oondaries, in the faid Ads refpedively particularly deferibed and

t forth: And Whereas another Ad was made in the Fifty 54G.3.c. 17a.

nrth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS

n repealing the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Diftillers1 Wefts,

ffiritr and Licences, and for granting other Duties tn lieu thereof:

tad Whereas another Ad was made in the Fifty fifth Year of tne 55 G. 3* c. I55«

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to continue, until

be Ftfth Day• of July One thoufand eight hundred and ftxteen,

« the

C. 106. *

.<6* GEO. UL

' A.D.1816.

g*4

Expedient to repeal Duties of

54 G.3.ci7«-

Duties repealed.

Exception.

Inftead of Duties repealed, the Duties herein mentioned to be

paid.

*	the temporary Fourth Part of the Duties.payable in Scotland upon 4 Diftilkrs9 Wafh, Spirits and Licences» tmpofed by ag.AS the 4 fourt^ tear of His prefent Mayefiy; and for enabling JTu 4 Majefty, by Order in Council, to modify the Operations of the fond 4 AS, or reduce the Duties thereby tmpofed; And Whereas Doubts 4 have been entertained, whether the Diftindion of Lowland, High-4 land and intermediate DiflHds, as defcribed by the Boundary 4 Lines in any of the faid Ada made in the Twenty fifth. Thirty 4 third. Thirty feventh and Thirty niath and Fortieth .Years refped-

*	ively, of His Majefty’s Reign, were abolifhed by the faid Two laft 4 mentioned Ads of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth .Years of His 4 fdajefty’s Reign refpedively, or were ftill to be continued and

*	observed; ana by reafbn thereof Queftions have arifen, whether

*	Spirits could pafs from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland i 4 and it is neceffary that Spirits fhould be allowed to be carried by 4 Permit from any one Part to any other Part of Scotland •• And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Duties impofed by the faid necked 4 Ad, pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, upon Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Corn,

4 Grain or Tilts, or any Mixtures therewith, and upon Spirits 4 ex traded therefrom, and upon Licences to be taken out by 4 Diftillers and Redifiers in Scotland, fhould be repealed, and that

*	other Duties fhould be fubftituted in lieu thereof; and that further

4 Regulations fhould be made with refped to the Diitilladoa and 4 Manufadure of Spirits from Corn for Home Confumption in 4 Scotland •*’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fixteen, all and fiiugular the Duties of Excife on Worts or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part of Scotland, for extrading Spirits for Home Confumption in Scothnd ; and all and fingular the Duties on Spirits made or diftilled in Scotland from Malt, Corn, Grain,, Tilts or any Mixture therewith, for Con-fumption in Scotland, and upon Licences to be. taken out by Diftillers and Redifiers in Scotland (a), fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed $ fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpedively, which fhall at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpedively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.	(*)	[Sec the

Terms on which former Duties repealed, 54 G. 3. c* 172. § i.j

II. And be it enaded, That from and after the faid Tenth Day of November One thouland eight hundred and fixteen, in lieu and place of the faid Duties hereby repealed, there fhall be raifed, levied colleded and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the feveral Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, For every Gallon of Wort or Wafh, brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, for extrading Spirits for Confumption in Scotland, Eight pence\ For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which fhall be made or

diftilled

A/D. 1816.	56°	GEO.	III.	C.1G6.	5*3

l

diMed from any Malt, Com, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture there* with, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Confuroption in Scotland Nine penee; The faid Duties to be paid by the refpedive Makers' or Diftillers of fuch Wort, Wafh or'Spirits refpedively : For every Licence to be taken out by any Di(tiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Sale therein or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds; For eyery Licence to be taken out by any Redifier of Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of Five Pounds ; The faid Duties for Licences to be paid by the refpedive Diftillers and Redifiers taking out fucb Licences refpedively.

III.	And be it enaded, That the faid Duties granted by this Management Ad (hall be under the fame Management, and (hall be raifed, levied, Cottsdkm collected, fecured and paid, in the fame manner, and by the fame °* v*tm. ways and means, and under and fnbied to all the Rules, Regulations,

Reflridions and Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures,, and with

and fubjed to fuch and the like Powers, Authorities and Declarations, as are provided by the faid recited Ad, palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the Management, Colledion and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted,

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the Duties granted by Appropriation of this Ad (the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the; Doties.

fame excepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt	_

of His Maiefty's Exchequer at Weflminjler% and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V.	And be it further euaded, That the Fourth Part of the The temporary

feverai Duties granted by the faid recited Ad palled in the Fifty Fourth Part of fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, which were con-	Duties

tinned by tbe faid recited Ad patted in the Fifty fifth Year of the	by

Reign of His prefent Majefty, to the Fifth Day of July One thou- fad condouod by fand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be, and the fame Fourth Part 55 g. 3. c. 155. of the fitid feverai Duties is hereby further continued from the faid § 1. further con Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and tioued till Nov, (hall remain and continue in force until the Ninth Day of November x8l^‘

One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen; and the lame, with the other Duties granted by the faid recited Ad patted in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, fecured and paid, and be appropriateid and applied in tbe manner direded by the (aid laft recited Ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid DiAinaiooof

Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, Diftri&s in ScotT all Diftindions between the High and Lowland and intermediate rclatiISiS Diftrids in Scotland, as deferibed in the faid hereinbefore recited Still* and D&iU Ads, or any other Ad or Ads relating to the Diftilleries in Scot-	Lines,

land, and all fuch Boundaries and Difnndions between any fuch 'aboiiihed. different Parts or Diftrids of Scotland* and all Limitations and Re- 54 G, 3. c.i7*. ftridions relative thereto, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed $ 6» 7*

and aboiiihed; fave and except as in the faid recited Ad of the *

Fifty fourth Yes* aforefaid is provided in relation to the Size and Capacity "of the Stills, and fubjed to the'Provifions of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That fippm and after the faid Tresfury tm-Tetith Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen,

It (hall be lawful for the Lords Commiifioners of His Majefty’s stUli of Inferior Treasury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or.Inftrudkm, :sb«.

' ■ SB Geo* III.	N	0	figne4

56° GEO. IIJ.

C.\Q6.

A-t). 18(16

Treafury alfo empowered to

permit Pofition of Veflels or Utrofils now exiftingto re-

figued by any Three pr more of them, to authorize and, cmpoi the Commimoners of Excife in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing uqder the Hand* of any Tl&npe or more of them, to permit any Diftityer or t)i ft lifers in Scotland to mal^e ufe of Stills of inferior Size and Capacity to thofe 54 O. 3. 0.17a. refpeftively preferibed by the (aid recited Aft of the fifty fourth § 6» 7*	Year aforefaidJ not being lefs than Forty Gallons, under fuch Con-

ditions, Limitation, Regulations and Reftriftiony, as the fold Com-xniflioners of Hfo hf ajeSy’a Treafury (haQ think fit; any thing contained in the faid recited Afts of thq Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, to t% contrary nptwitld^nding.

VIII.	And be it fptner c^naftecb That it (hau fie lawful for the laid Lords Commiflipners of His Maiefty’s Treafury for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or Inllruftion, figned by any Three or more of them, to aothprize and eq}power the Qopinw-fipperp of I£xcife in Scotland for thf time being, by any Liyye or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or man* of them, to permit and foffer any fixed Vefeloy Utenfii of apy Qifr tiller, which has been fixed pr placed, before thf Firft D^y of QQofa One thouftnd eight hupdfed and fourteen, contrary to thy Regulations now in force, in relation to thy fixing aqd planing of or, Utenfils in the Diftilleries for Home Qonfumption in ScatU*£* tp cpntiuue or direft the whole pr foeh Part or Parts of fuch Veffels or Utenfils as are noiy fixed or placed, to be altered to foch, Extent and in foclf manner as thf laid Lords Comm/fTioners of I^is IdajeftyfoTr^fory mall thiifo proper, under fuch Limitations Regulations, Copditiqiw, tyodifipationa and Reftriftionp, as the fa^A Lords Comnriifijpners of His wfojefty’s, Treafury foall think fit; any thing contained in the faid recited Afts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty refoeftiyqly, or of this Aft, or any other Aft or. Afts of Parliament to thy contrary nptwithftanding.

IX And be it further enafted* That it (hall and may	fowfoI

for the faid Lords Cpipmiffiouers of His Majefty’s Treafory for the time being, by aqy Warrant, Orfler or Inftfoftion, figp*4 by apy Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Coimfopfo®*?* of Excife in Sca/Jdqd for the time being, by any. Licence or Apfoo* rity in Writing under the Hapcja of any Tnrpe or, iqqrp of, thpma a|low fuch tixpe as they (haU think fit for the Payment of fo? Duties bv this Aft injpofod, not exceeding Fourteen IfoyA	time

tne fame (Kail relpeftiydy, become due and payable* W to tafe fuch Security or Securities for the Payment thereof as foe laid C&ywi-fioners pf Excife ftiajl think proper; fubjeft to foch I^pu^tipp*, Conditions and Reftriftion* m the,faid Lords9? ktis Majefty’s Treafory, Ihajl think fit; any thing*W foe fold recced ,AA* of the Fifty fourth, and Fifty fifth Years aforefoifo or in any A&/°r Afts relating to the Diftfllenr, to the contrary notwjthftaodw* Trerfmy em- X. And be it further enafted, That it Hull and may be fowjd for power*) to re- the Lords Qommifiioners of His Maiefty’s Tiypfofy, for, fo wwdpJB^wt, being, by apy Warrant, Order or Inftrfiftion, ugiftd by a or more of them, to authorize and emppwer; th^.Q :iJ Rxcife in Scotland for the tijp$ being, jbyapy Or figBSd by auy, Three or more of foeuy fo gja#ti iuefi 16*

Treafury em-poweted to give an Extenfion of Credit.

A.DHS16.

36* GEO. Ilf.

C.I061

vsn

Of&cefs, tb be paid out of any Duties df Exctf© in Scotfaufa for Sep-▼ices performed by them in preventing* illicit or fraudulent Diftil-ktion, as the kid Lords Commifibnm of His Majefty** Treasury (hall think proper; Aibjeft to- flieh Rufes, Dsre&ions, Conditions and Modifications, as the faid Lordb Commi(Doners of His Majefty’a Treafory (hall prescribe f in order to make it the Intertft of fuch Ex* dfe Offim that no illicit or fraudulent Diftillation whatever (hall take place within their refpedtive Diftri&s.

XI* And1 be it further ena&ed, That from and after the faid Tenth Day of November One tboufaad eight hundred and fixteen; every DiftiHer for Home Gonfumptioa in Scotland (hall be charged with- and pay the Duties impofecT by this A61, at and after thft Rate of Fourteen Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Teti over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Waft prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts* of the Gnu. vity hereinafter mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted* That if any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scotland (hall, from the Commencement to the Termination of his, her or their Licence, or when fuch Diftiller (hall previoufly ceafe working for the Seafon, extra#, moke, diftfl or produce from Wort or Warn prepared or made from M&lt, Corn,. Grain or Tilts* any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Fourteen Gallons for every Hundred Gallons of (uch Worts of Wuflt fo (Milled into Spirits as aforefatd, every Diftiller (hall pay Duty for all fuch Spirits exceeding the Proportion afoiefaid, at* and aft eft* the Rate of Four Shillings and Nine pence for every Gallon of fuch Ext* cefs, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Doties on Worts, Wa(h or Spirit* whatsoever.

XIII* And be it further ensued, That after the Worts, liakld to* the Duties impofed by this A#, (hall have been drawn off from the Me(h Tun, it (ball not? be lawful for any Diftiller or other Perfon to throw into or mix therewith any Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Subftanee whatfoever, by. which the Gravity of’ fuck Worts maybe intrfafed; and that if, after the faid Tenth Day of November One thoufknd eight hundred and fixteen, any DiftHkr or other Perfon (hall throw into or mix with any fuch Wort or Worts,-after the fame (hall have been drawn off1 from the Me(h Tun, any lucid Mixture called Lob, or any other Mixture or Subftanoe whatever, by-which the Gravity of any fuch Wort or Worts, or the Waft xnadk’ therefrom, or aDy.Phrt thereof, (hall be increased; or (hall-mix all or' any Faitef (iich Wert with any other Wort, after the Gravity thereof1 has been afoertained and taken account of as hereinafter mentioned, > or all or any Pkft..of fuch Waft with any other Waft, except in‘the: Jack.or Under Back hereinafter mentioned; or convey away orxon* ceal any Part of fuch Wort or Waft; every fuch Diftiller or Perfon-' guilty of fuch Oftenoe, or on wfeofe Frerotfes oar fuch Offense (haft* bn •committed, ftaH for every, fuch Offtace forfeit and pay the Suin'' of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV.	Ahd’be-it further enft&ed* That *the whole Quantity of'foeh Worts that are to be placed in any Waft Badch, Tun or Veffd, for Ffcnuentataon* fealiibe collefted therein within the Space of Twelve Heims from and after the Commencement of running or conveying aupdPittf oF'tbe fssd Worts from the Coolers or other Veffefe; and all

N n ft	and

Of Malt Spirits 14 Gallona to be produced for every 100 Gal* Iona of Waih:

Exceft to pay the Duty herein' mentioned.

Gravity of Worts after being drawn from the Mefh Tun, not to be increafed.

Penalty.

Gravity of Walh by the Sfcchaxonwter.

348

C-ioe:

56° GEO. III.

A.IX1816.

Diftiller offend -

inf.

Penalty.

No fixed Meant of Communication from one VelTtl to .another to he ufed.

Penalty.

WaOi neceffary to charge Still to be conveyed to • Jack Back.

-.Penalty.

Penalty.

and every Diftiller or Diftillers (hall, within fuch Twelve Horn, make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writing, that fuch Worts fo collected as aforefaid are of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy five, as indicated by the Inftrument hereinafter mentioned, called a Saccharometer, directed by this Aft to be provided and ufed for this Purpofe; and if any Diftiller or Diftillers (ball rcfufe or negleft fo to colleft all fuch Worts within the time aforefaid, or (hall ferment or mix fuch Worts with any Yeaft, or any matter or thing for or occafioning Fermentation, without making and delivering fuch Declaration as aforefaid, or which after being fo oollefted as aforefaid, (hall exceed the Gravity aforefaid, every luch Diftiller or DiitiUers (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enafted, That from and after the find

Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, it (hall not be lawful for any Diftiller for Home Confumption in &*• land) to have or ufe any fermenting Tun or Veffel in which the Worts or Wafh are fet to ferment, which has a Communication, by Means of a Tube or Pipe or by any other fixed Means of Communication, with any other fermenting Tun, or any Veffel whatsoever ; and if any fuch Diftiller (hall, after fuch Period, have or ufe any fuch fermenting Tun or Veffel, which has fuch Communication with any other fermenting Tun or Veffel, every fuch Diftiller (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enafted. That the Wa(h ufed or made by any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scotland (hall, before it is put into the Still for Diftillation into Low Wines, be conveyed in an open Trough or Trunk from each fermenting Tun or Veffel in which it (hall have been fermented, into a circular or oval Veffel called a Jack Back or Under Back, which (hall be placed in the Still Houfe as near as conveniently may be to the Walk Stitt, and (hall be of a Size fufficient to contain all the Walk neceflkry to charge the Still; and no more Wa(h (hall be conveyed into loch Jack Back at One time than is fufficient to charge the Still; and fuch Charge of Wafh (hall be fo conveyed into fuch Jack Back before the Still mall be unlocked for the Purpofe of being charged; and the whole Quantity of Wa(h conveyed into fuch Jack Back, after being gauged by the Officer, (hall be pumped up into an open Shute or 'Dunk, from whence it (hall be conveyed into the Still; and if any Wafh ufed t>r made by any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confump-tion in Scotland (hall not, before it is put into the Still for Diftillation into Low Wines, be conveyed into an open Trough or Trunk from each fermenting Tun* or Veffel into which it (hall have been fermented, into fuch Jack Back fo placed in the Still HoUfe or as near as conveniently may be to the Wafh Still; or if more Walh be conveyed therein at one time than is neceflary to charge fuch Wafh Still, every Diftiller fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds | and if the Wa(h, or any Part thereof, (hall be removed qr conveyed from fuch Jack Back, before the proper Officer (hall have (taken an Account thereof fo fuch Jack Baca, or (hall be kept or concealed from fuch Officer fo any manner whatfoever ; or if the whole Quantity fo conveyed (hall not, after fuch Account thereof has been taken, be pumped into the Still in the manner, herein direfted, every fuch Di&iUcr (hall for each and every fuch^Offetioe forfeit tod lofo the Sum of Two. hundred Pounds.

XVII, Pro-

A.D.I410.	56° GEO. IIL	C.	106.	549

XVII.	Provided always, and be it ena&cd, That if any fuch Dif- Work« already tiDer, wbofe Works are already conftruded, wherein the Wafli has cooftruded for been conveyed by fixed or clofe Tubes from the fermenting Tuns WaflTto be coo-into the Jack Back, (hall be defirous of continuing the Ufe of fuch OB ctrtain fixed or clofe Tubes ; it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller Condition*, to continue the Ufe thereof; provided that every fuch fixed or clofe Tube (hall be placed higher than the Top of the Jack Back, and that upon fuch fixed or clofe Tube there (hall be no Stop Cock or Interruption whatever, which may prevent the whole Wa(h therein from running into the Jack Back; and provided further, that upon every Difcharge Cock communicating from any Wafh Tun with fuch fixed or clofe Tube, there Audi be a fufficient Lock and Fattening, to be provided by the proper Supervifor, at the Expence of fuch Diftiller ; and that the tame (hall be and remain always locked and fealed, excepting when the feme (hall be opened at the Sight of the proper Officer, who (hall attend when thereunto required by fuch Diftiller# for the Purpofe of allowing the Wa(h in any fuch Wafh Tun to run into fuch fixed or clofe Tube, to be thereby conveyed into the Jack Back; and if any fuch Diftiller (hall ufe any fixed or clofe Tube, or Difcharge Cock, which (hall not be of the Defcription aforefaid, or (hall open, break or injure any Lock or Fattening to be provided for any fuch Difcharge Cock, every fuch Diftiller (nail forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	Pcnaky.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That before the Wafh fo con- JackBsck to be veyed into the Jack Back as a Charge for the Still, (hall be pumped pupd.

into the feme, if tha Officer (hall, upon gauging and taking account thereof in fuch Jack Back, find that the Quantity of Wafh fo conveyed into fuch Jack Back or Veffel is greater than the Quantity of Wafh which was previoufly afeertained to have been in the fermenting VefTel or Veflek from whence the feme (hall have been fo conveyed ; then the Duty impofed by this Ad (hall be paid for any Excefe of Wafh fo found in fuch Jack Back, in addition to thie Duty charged upon fuch Quantity in fuch fermenting Veffel ox Veflek.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for any Sampfcsof Officer of Excife to take a Sample or Samples of any Wort at any Wort, *c. may time or times after the feme (halt have been drawn from off the Mem **

Tun, as often as may be neceflary, for the Purpofe of afeestaining the Gravity thereof; and in like manner it (hall be lawful for any Officer of Excife to take a Sample or Samples of any Wafh at any time or times after the feme (hall have been put in any Tun or Veffel, Tuns or Veffels for the Purpofes of. Fermentation, or in the Jack Back for pnmping the feme into the Still; and every Diftiller .of Spirits	'	*

for Home Confumption in Scotland (hall fix or caufe to be fixed in every fermenting Tun or Veffel, within Thirty Inches from the Bottom thereof, a Brafs Cock of fufficient Size, to enable any Officer of Excife to draw off, without Inconvenience or Delay, a Sample or Sampks of the Wafh contained therein j and any fuen Diftiller who (hall negled or delay fo to do, after bring thereunto required by any Excife Officer, or (hall hinder or prevent fuch Officer from taking any fuch Sample or Samples as aforefeid, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	Pcnaky.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Ioftruments to be Sacdftrometer ufed hi order to ascertain the Gravity of Worts or Wafh, as dire&ed to be prodded

N n S	by

Me

trr|fe>rtein fhr

Gourity of Worts.

One Sxcchiro-raeter to remain at Excife Office and (hewn.

On Increafe of Gravity.

VpeW P«y.

Pofition of Tuns, &c. not to be altered.

Penalty.

Low Wine Pump and Charging Cock of Low Wine Still to be locked.

Opening Lock, tor.

X&106.	.wamitL	AJkien

by this A &, (hall be tbofe made « the nawar of g certain {atm* ment called a Sac ch urometer, invented by Do&or Tkemfom* but (bribed, from the Maker’s Name, Allen'% Saccharameter * end it Audi and may be lawful for the Comauffioners of Excife in Scad* landy by and with the Approbation of the Lprds Copamiflionem of His Majefty's Treafury, and they are heneby required to provide a fudficient Number of fuch Saccbarometerg to be ufed by the Officers «f Excife a&ing in the Execution of this A6L

XXL And be it further eua&ed, That one of the Ioftrumenls known by the Name of Allen’s Sacobarometer, to be provided by die Commiffioners of Excife as afotdiih (hail be and remain at their Office in the City of Edinburgh 9 and (kali be ibjewa to any Diftiller who (hall defire to fee the fame, during the Houng of Eleven in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon.

XXII.	And be it further eoa&ed, That if, upon making trial of or taking an Account for aicertatning the Gnurity of the Wort or Wafh in any Vetfci by the f«d Lnftrumeat called a Sacobarometer, it (hall appear that the Wort or the Wafh made therefrom (hall have iucreafed in Gravity fince the fall preceding Trial of the femf with the fame Inftrument, to the Extent of Five Degrees, as indicated cm that Inftrument, the Wort or Wafh in any and every Arch Vdfel (hail be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or charged, and the whole Quantity of Wort or Waft therein (ball be charged with Double the Duty impofed by this A& upon Wort or Warn.

XXIII.	Aad be it further eoa&ed. That k (Lull not be lawful for any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Coofumption in Scotland to alter in any refpe& the Size, Situation or Pofition of any Tun, Veflel, Jack Back, Still or other .fixed Utenfil whatfoewr, ufed by him for the Purports of Diftillation, or in the Preparation of any Material for Diftillation, without giving Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife of his Divifion ; and if any Diftiller or other Perfon (ball m any refped alter the Size, Situation or Pofition of any fuch Tun, Veffel, Jack Back or fixed Utenfil, without fuch Notice, or (kail place any Subftance, matter or thing at, in or upon the Dipping Place or Places of any Tua or other Vtfiel ufed by himj or (b*2 make any Alteration in fuch Dipping Place or Places * of (hall do any Ad, matter or thing by which the Officer may be prevented or hindered from taking true Dips and Gauges of any Wort or Waft therein ; every fuch Diftiller fo offending, or in whole Premifet any fuch Offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further eaaded, That from and after the (aid Tenth Day of Nnvemler One thoufand eight hundred and fixteem the Low Wine Pump, and alfo the Charging Cock of the Low Wine Still, ufed by any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Coofumptamk Scotland, (hall be locked aad (baled, and opened by the Excife Officer in the fame manner that the Wa(h Pump aad Charging Cook of the Wafh Still ufed by fuch Diftiller are locked and foaled and opened by the Excife Officer) and proper Locks and Keys (hall be pro* vided by every fuch Diftiller for this Purpofe * and if any Period (hall by any Means open any fuch Low Wine Pump or Charge Cock, after the feme (hall have been fo locked or fecurrd by the Excife Officer, or (kail wilfully damage the feme, or the Look or

Fattening*,

JLD'ibfc.

56* am in.

C. 106.



Faftfeamgs	cifety	fuch	Pcrfon	ftitfl	forfeit and pay the Buffi

of Two hundred POunda.

XXV* A(W be it farther	That the Spirit Cafe or	Receiver,

Alto Which the Spirits fette required to be roh dr conveyed from the Loe Wines produced from e*ch Charge Of the WVifh Still or Stiiil ofed by any DiMlcr of Spirits for Hottte Confuftiptioto in Scotland, fhdl be placed by every fuch Diftiller M near to the Difcharge of the Worm of the Low Wine Still as conveniently may be; and not hid or concealed front open View; which Spirit Cafe dr Receiver flwfl be fufficient to contain the whole Produce 6f Spirits to bte run front each Charge of fuch Still; and if every fuch Spirit Cade or Receiver (hall not be blared in the manner, and be of the Size herein dbw&fedi every Diftiller or Perfon offending in this refped (ball forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred {founds*

• XXVI. And Whereas the diddling Feints with Wafti is injo-• ridus to the Quality of the Spirits ;9 Be it therefore ena&ed, That front and after the Tenth Day of tTo*cmber One thoofand eight hundred and fit teen, no Diftiller of Spirits for Home Cobfumpiion in Scoriaad (haft mitt any Fonts with any Wa(h or Low Wiries, or put any Feints into any Back or other Vefiel, or Into any Sttfti in which any Wa(h or Low Wines (hall then be, Or any Wafti into any Back or other Veffel, or into any Still where any Feints (hall he, but (hall* and every fuch Diftiller ii hereby required to provide a proper Feint Cafe fufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints neceffary for One Charge of the Low Wine Still ufed by any fuch Diftiller or Diftillets; and every fnch DiftiUer (hall, immediately on the e*-trafitihg thereof, run and convey all the Feint* which (hall be produced from each Charge of his or her StiU or Stitts dire&ly from fuch 8till or Stills into fetch Feint Cafe* to be kept therein under the .Lock of the Officer; ahd all Feints to be produced by any fucb DiftiUer (hall be kept and continued in fuch Feint Cafe, under fuch Lock al aforefaid, until the fame amddnt in Quantity to fech Chatge as aforefaid, and (hall be pumped into the Low Wine Still as hereinafter mentioned; and the proper Officer of fixrife (hall and may, from time to time during fnch time as aforefaid, take a true Gauge and try the Strength of all Feints in fuch Feint Cafe, and eaft and compute the fame at the R4te of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and keep an e*a& Account thereof: Provided always, that no fUch DiftiUer (hall cotteR or keep at any one time a greater Quantity of Feints than is fufficient for One Charge of the Low Wine Stitt ufed by him or her; and that (b foon as fuch Quantity of Feints (hall be fo collected as aforefaid* every fuch Diftiller (hall and he and (he h hereby requited to give Notice to the proper Officer that fuch Feints are fo colte&ed, and of his or her Intention to charge hk dt htf Low Wine 8titt therewith, and upon the Officer's attending ptfffaant to fact Notice, to pump all fnch Feints, in the Prefence of rack Officer/ from and out of inch Feint Cafe into the Low Wine Stitt ufed by fuch DiftiUer, and to run the Produce thereof from fuch Low Wine Still into the Spirit Receiver; and any DiftiUer offending in any Of the Shove Particulars (hall for every Offence forfeit andl pay the SttrA of TwO hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enafiled* That before making or ufoig a Compofition or Mixture called Bub, of any other CoUapofirion or Mixture for inducing or increafing the Fermentation of Wort or

N n 4	Wafti,

Penalty.

Spirit Cafe or Receiver to be placed near to the Worm, and to be of ftim-oient Capacity to hold the Charge.

Penalty.

Feint Calk to be provided to contain Feints ne-ceflary for one Charge, See.

Officer may gauge Feints.

Notice to Officer of Feints Collected.

Penalty.

Entry of Veflels for Bub oa other Mixtures.

f5t

C. 106.

56° GEO. HI.

A.DJftlC

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be ascertained.

Witter not making Entry or not giving Notice, or obftrud-ing Officer.

Penalty.

Provtta

Hot left than Nine Gallon* of Spirit* of a certain Strength may be Cent out with Permit.

WaSh, any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confiimptiod in Scmilarid Shall make entry of every Veffel ufed by him for the Purpofe of making or keeping any fuch Composition or Mixture, describing the fame* and fpecifymg the Ufe to which each fuch Veffel is to be applied; and every luchDiftiller Shall alfo give Notice to the Officer of Excife, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make any fuch Composition or Mixture, and the Officer of Excife Shall take ao Ac* count thereof in fuch VeSTels refpe&ively, and Shall and may at all times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thereof, and to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the faid Inftrument called the Sac* charometcr; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof fo nicer-tained. Shall not any time be greater than the Gravity of the Worts made by fuch Diftiller, fo limited and fo taken account of aa afore-faid, fuch Compofition or Mixture Shall be deemed and taken to be Wa(h, and the Duty hereby impofed on Wort or Wa(h Shall be charged thereon; and if the fame, or any Part of fuch Mixture or Compofition, Shall at any time be found of any greater Gravity than aforefaid, the fame Shall be forfeited, together with every Caflc or VeSTel containing the fame, and Shall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and if any fuch Diftiller Shall not make entry, or Shall not give Notice in the manner herein dire&ed, or if the Officer Shall be prevented or obftrudted in taking an Account thereof, or Samples as above preferibed, as often and at fuch times as he may think neceffary, to afeertain the Gravity thereof, or if fuch Diftiller (hall refufe or neglett to remove and put all fuch firft mentioned Mixture or Composition unto his or her fermenting Tuns, and mix the fame with the Wort therein as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller fo offending in any of the above Particulars, or in whofe Premifes ayy fuch Offence Shall be committed. Shall forfeit and pay the Sura of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any fuch Diftiller lhall, within Thirty Hours after fuch Composition or Mixture (hall have been begun to be made, remove and put the whole thereof unto his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the lame therein with the Wort or WaSh m fuch Tun or Tuns, in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, or if fuch Officer Shall afterwards find any Increafe of WaSh in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which fuch Diftiller or Diftillera (hall declare fuch Composition or Mixture to have been put within fuch time as aforefaid, equal to the Amount thereof and arifing therefrom, the fame Shall be charged with Duty therein as Part bf the WaSh made in fuch Tun or Tuns rcfpe&ively, and not diftin&ly and feparately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (ball and may be lawful for any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scat* land to fell aBd fend out, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, to any Perfon or Perfoos, not being a Redifier or Compounder, of Briti/b Spirits, any Quantity of Spirits in any Calk or Package not containing lefs than Nine Gallons of. Spirits of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, nor lefs than One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all Spirits fold or fent out contrary hereto, with the Calks or other Packages containing the fame, and all Horfes, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made ufe of in removing fuch Spirits, which may be feized by any Officer of the Cuftoms or of Excife,

XXIX, And

A.D.1816*

56* GEO. Ill

a 106.

933

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That in all Trials of Strength Adjufting the

of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife under this Ad, 8tr«ngih*of by the Hydrometer called Sykes9* (a) Hydrometer, when and fo foon S^eter* " as the fame (hall he by Law eftablimed and brought into ufe, the Strength of Eight ter Centum above	Proof, denoted	by the faid

Hydrometer, (hall oe fubftituted and	taken for the	Strength of

One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Ad ; and that the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Ad.	(a)	Spelt	Sikes,	cap.	lof.	ante*

XXX.	And be it farther enaded,	That if any	Diftiller or	Stills not to

Diffcillen fhall work or charge any Still	or Stills on the	Lord’s Day	worktd on

commonly called Sunday ; (that is to fay), if any Still or Stills (hall 8und,yfc not be completely difcharged and worked off at or before Eleven of

the Clock on Saturday Night, and (hall not continue uncharged until One of the Clock on Monday Morning following \ or if any Still or Stills fhall be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then every Inch l)iftiller or Diftillers in whofe Premifes fuch Offence fhall be committed (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Psasky. Pounds, befides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law for breaking the Lord’s Day.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That all Fines, Penalties and lUcowy tad Forfeitures by this Ad impofed (hall be fued for, mitigated, reco- p^^S?1*00 vered, levied and diftributed, in the manner in which Fines, Pe- e *** nalties and Forfeitures are direded to be fued for, mitigated, reco->

vered, levied and diftributed, by the faid recited Ad puffed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

XXXII.	And be it enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for Licence under any Diftiller for Home Confumption in Scotland to make entry in the manner direded by Law, and apply for a Licence under the Authority of this Ad, at any time not exceeding Ten Days preceding the faid Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ; and upon fuch Licence being granted to fuch Diftiller, it (hall and may be lawful for him or her to prepare Worts and Wafh for Diftillation in the manner direded by this Ad, but not to begin to diftil any Part of fuch Worts or Wafh until the faid Tenth Day of Novanber One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen:

Provided always, that if fuch Diftiller fo applying for fuch Licence (hall hate obtained a Licence pnrfuant to the laid recited Ad paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefect Maje fty, it (hall be made mamfeft to the faid Commiffioners of Excife m Scot-land, or to the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to grant fuch Licences, that all the Worts or Wafh prepared by any fuch Diftiller under his current Licence, (hall have been diftuled into Spirits, before any Licence (hall be granted to fuch Diftiller under the Authority of this Ad.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Every Licence lawful for any Diftiller to apply for a Licence under the Authority to expire on the of this Ad at any time of the Year after the laid Tenth Day of ******** November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen | but every Licence granted under the Authority of this Ad (hall expire on the

Ninth

SS4

C106,107.

5G° GEO. m.

A.D.1816L

$A G.3. c.17*. to remain in force.

Commencement

AS may be altered, &c.

55 G.3.C.184. Schi Pan the ThH tit. Inventory.

Ninth Buy November toimediarely fubfequent ft* the Day rf the GoAmencannent of Inch Licence.

XXXIV.	And be k enaAfed, Ttmt the fad maced AA of the

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His pnefent Majefty fhsdl remain cod continue in force, awd be in nil rtfpeAs	mud	ftfvpbed

for raffing and paying the Doties hereby ittpoftd, excepting fb fer as the faid AA ie hereby altered, as fully and effeAualJy to all In-tents and Porpofes as if the fame were repented and contained in tic prrfeht A A.

XXXV.	And be it ena&ed, That this AA fhall commence upon

and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of November Otoe thonlhnd eight hundred of Aft.	and fixteen, and (hall continue In force until the Tenth Dty of

November One thonfatid eight hundred and eighteen.

XXXVIi And be it further enaAed* That this AA may be ah tered, varied or repealed by any AA to be pifiad in thin prtfew Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CVIL

An A& to amend an A£t of the lafl Seffibti of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, fo far Os relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any CommtAary Court in Scotland.	[ift	July	1816.]

4 TT7 HEREAS by an AA palled in the Fifty fifth Year of Hit

*	VV Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the Stamp 4 Duties oft Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed 4 Ihftrvtticnts9 and the Duties oh Fire Ihfurantis 9 and oh Legacies 4 and Succtffions to Perfohal Ejlate upon Inteflacies9 now payable in 4 Great Britain, andfor granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain 4 ad valorem Duties were imposed upon Inventories to be exhibited 4 and recorded in any Ccwuniffaty Court in Scotland\ of the Effete

*	and EffeAs of Demos Who (hall have died after the Tenth Day 4 Of OSobcr One thoufand eight hundred and eight: And Whereas 4 it is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from foeh ad 4 valorem Duties Be it therefore enaAed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and With the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent PaftfauUeot aflembled, and by the Authority of the feme* That from and after the palling of this AA, where Inventories of the Petfood or Moveable Effete and EffeAs of Perfons deceased lhall hate been exhibited and recorded in any ComMiflary Court in Scotland* prior to A# Fifft Day of September One themfand eight hundred and fifteen, purfuant to the DireAions of arid duly ftartiped ad required by the AA palled in the Forty eighth Year of His Mrijefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the Stamp Duties Oh Deedsi Law Pro-Ceedhtgs and other written or printed Ihjlrumcntt9 and the Duties On Legacies and Succjftohs to Perfonal Ejlate upon IhtC/ladei, now fdp-dbU in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieh tbefOof; and in confequence of the fubfequent Difcovery of other EffeASr ldrigfctg to the feme Perftms, additional Inventories thereof IhaU hereafter be exhibited and recorded puriuant to the DireAions of the feme A A, ail Inch additional Inventories (hall be exempted front the faid ad valorem Duties granted by the laid AA of the Fifty fifth Year Of Hit Majcfty’s Reign, and that foeh of the faid additional

Inventories

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the CommilTary Count in Scotland exempted.

AJX 181€.

so* geg.hl

CLIO*

US

Inventories as would not have been liable under the laid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty*s Reign, in cafe the fame had been exhibited and recorded prior to the Firft Day of September One thoufend eight hundred and fifteen So a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and Effe&s of the lame Perfons, fhall be wholly exempted from Sump Duty ; and that for and in Additional Io-iwfped of fuch of the bid additional Inventories as would have been	lijMs

Jmbie under the bid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty's *°*“*%\ t Reign, sa cafe the feme had been exhibited and recorded prior to the	Duty,

[	Firft Day of September Owe thoubnd eight hundred and fifteen, to (hail be charged

[	a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon with that Duty

r rawer Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Efttte and

i	of	the	feme	Perfons,	there	Ihall	be raifed, levied and paid,

unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Snccettorl, fuch and the fame Duty only as loch additional Inventories would have been fubjed and liable to under the laid lad mentioned Ad.

II.	And be it further eoaded. That the bid Duties hereby granted Duty under ball be under the Care and Management of the Commiffioners of ^°””>^0PC1>

1 Stamps in Great Britain, which bid Commiffionera and the major t	Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper

(	and fufficient Stamps or Dies for expreffing and denoting the laid

Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof refpedivriy, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the fame from time to time as Occafion (hall require, and ‘ alfo to employ fuch Officers and Perfons under them, and to do all , fuch other Ads and things as (hall be thought neceffary or expedient for effedually railing and colleding the bid Duties hereby granted,

' and for putting this Ad into Execution, in the like and in as foU ample manner as they or any former Commiffionera are or have been authorized to do for the railing and colleding of any format Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Ad or Adt of | Parliament relating thereto.

III.	And be it further eoaded, That all the Powers, Prorifiont, p#wcrt rf Claufes, Regulations and Diredions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and (°^e*A?,re‘ Penalties contained in and impofed by any former Ad or Ads of toU^J|te<|M] £ Parliament relatiag to any Stamp Duties, (hall be of foil force and a6L

effed with refped to the Duties hereby granted as for as the fame are or ball be applicable, and (hall be obferved, applied, enforced and put in Execution, for the railing, levying, colleding and fecurmg of the bid Duties hereby granted and otherwife relating thereto, aa * folly and effedually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had beta herein repeated and fpecially enaded with reference to the faid Duties hereby granted.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies to arife from Application of the Duties granted by this Ad (hall be paid, applied and difpofed Duty.

of in the feme manner as the Duties from which the bid Leafes and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable and applicable in ode this Ad had not been made.

CAP.

C. 108.

36" GEO. IIL

A.D.1M

4JO.3. c.81. 8th. (B.)

Drawback under noted AA to ceafe.

43 O.3. c. 81. Sch. fA.) dt. Irifli Beer, Ale or Mum.

J0O.3.C.34.

cap. cvm.

An A ft to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Doties of Excife on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks 00 Plate Glafs, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[lft July 1816.]

WHEREAS by ao A d made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for grmtm 4 to Hit Majefy, until Twelve Mouths rfter the Ratification of ft 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace% certain additional Duties of Excijtk 4 Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shi 4 lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ah 4 brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings dr 4 Barrel exclufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale,

4 mentioned and defcribed in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of 4 Union with Scotland, which (hall be duly exported to Forep 4 Parts as Merchandize, and which (hall be proved to hate ben 4 brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred 4 and three: And Whereas feveral of the Duties impofed by tie 1 4 (aid Ad were by fubfe^uent Ads continued until the Fifth Day ' 4 of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen (a), and kraal 4 of fuch Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty 1 4 on Malt thereby impofed will ceafe and expire on the Fifth Day of j 4 July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and Doubt* nay 4 arife whether by the Continuance of fuch Duties as aforefaid, the 4 (aid Drawback in refped of the Exportation of Beer is alfo coa-4 tinned For the Prevention and Removal of fuch Doubts, be it declared and enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by id with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Drawback in refped of the Exportation of Beer does and (hall wholly ceafe and expire on tk Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteeo, and fhall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in the prefent or any other Sefiion of Parhamest to the contrary notwithdanding.	(a)	[5c	G.	3.	r.27.]

4 II. And Whereas by the faid recited Ad a Countervailing 4 Duty of Excife of Four Shillings $nd Eleven pence is impofed for every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons Engli/h Beer Mo> fure, of Jrijh Beer, Ale or Mum, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, diredlv from Ireland, and the faid Duty has bees fince continued and is now in force: And Whereas by a cextaii other Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforefaid, intituled An A8for allowing the Exportation of Britifh and Irifh nodi Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a Countervailing Duty of £xcife of Four Shillings and Four pence ii impofed for every Bufhel of Malt unground made in Ireland and imported diredly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England} and another Countervailing Duty of Excife of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is alfo by the faid lad mentioned Ad impofed for every Bufhel of fuch Malt made in Ireland and imported diredly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the faid lad men-

4 tioned

13-

A. D. 1816.

56* GEO. III.

557

C.108.

*	ttoned Aft a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is al-

*	lowed for every Bufhel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpeft

*	thereof (hall have been fully paid and exported from thence to 4 Ireland unground ; and another Drawback of Three Shillings and

*	Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every 4 Bufhel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain

*	except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,,

4 for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpeft thereof (hall have 4 been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground s And 4 Whereas in confcquence of the Ceflation of the Duty of Excife	/

4 upon Malt made in Great Britain, impofed by the faid Aft made

*	in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, it is expedient to 4 repeal the faid Countervailing Duty impofed by the faid Aft of

*	the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, impofed on Irifb Beer*

4 Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and alfo Two shillings 4 fer Bufhel of the faid feveral Countervailing Duties refpeftively ‘ impofed by the faid Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign afore-‘ faid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland refpeftively from € Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bufhel of the Drawbacks refpeft-4 ively, granted and allowed by the lait mentioned Aft, in refpeft 4 of Malt exported from England or Scotland refpeftively to Ire-

4 landBe it therefore ‘enafted, That from and after the laid Fifth CountemiUng Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the faid Coun- JJ1*7 tervailing Duty impofed by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, impofed on lrijh Beer, Ale or Mum imported Briun/impofed into Great Britain, and alfo Two Shillings per Bufhel of the faid by 43 O. 3. Countervailing Duties refpeftively impofed by the faid Aft of the c.81. and the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforefaid, on Malt imported into England Counterrafliiig or Scotland refpeftively from Ireland, and Two Shillings ter Bufhel	^

of the laid Drawbacks refpeftively granted and allowed by the lait cf34. on* ^fak, mentioned Aft in refpeft of Malt exported from England or Scot- and alfo tht ’ land refpeftively to Ireland, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby Drawbacks, re- 1 refpeftively repealed, fave and except in all cafes relating to the reco- except vering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeaively, which ******* may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight nundred and fix teen.

4 III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excife are payable by Law 4 amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every 4 Square Foot fuperficial Meafure of Plate Glafs made in Great	1

4 Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which 4 the Duties impofed in refpeft thereof fhall have been paid, and 4 duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and fo in pro-4 portion for any greater or lefs Quantity s And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient to limit the Payment of fuch Drawbacks on Plate Glafs,

* to fuch Plate Glafs only as fhall be ground and polifhed and of

1 a certain Size and Thicknefs	Be it therefore enafted, That no	NoDrawbacks

Drawback fhall be allowed or paid for or in refpeft of the Ex- to bealfavad on porlation of any Ground or Polifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Exportationof Britain* unlefis fuch Ground and Polifhed Plate Glafs be exported in reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four le& exported in Inches in Breadth a; the kaft, and of the Thicknefs througnout of rtaangubr . „	One	Plates of a. car

55ft

a. 108.

$6° GEO. UL

AJ3.181&

tain Sise and Thicknefi, fire. Shipping contrary hereto.

Seiaure and Penalty.

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there (hall be paid for Unground or Unpolilhed Plate Gltfs exported in re&angular Plates of certain Dimenfion?, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping contrary hereto. .

Seiaure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glafs may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Unground and Un-potifhed Glafs in Prefence of Su-

Ervifor, &c. of tftrifb.

One Eighth of an Inch at the lead, and uttfofoeacb and etery Plate of fuch Ground and Policed Plate daft be free from Stains aad Blifters, and be perfeA and fit for immediate Ufe, as aad for Ground and Policed Plate Glafs; and that if any Perfoa or Perfons (hall pack or (hip for Exportation on Drawback, any Plate or Plates of Plate Glafs as and for Ground and Folifted Plate Glafs made in Great Britain which' is not Plate Glafs, or* has not been ground and po~ tithed* or which (hall be Foreign Glafs, or of left Dimenfion or Tbieknefs throughout than afbrefaid, or (hall he (lained, or bliftered, or imperil, or not immediately fit for Ufe as and for Ground and Polithcd Plate Glafs, or any other Sort of Glafs with or amesgft any Ground, and Folifted Plate Glafs, the fame, together with Sr Package in whioh fuch Hate or Plates may be contained, and aD the Glafs tbemin (hall be forfeited,, and (hall and may be feiued by any Officer or Officers of Excite; and: the Perfon or Perfons lo offimding (hall forfeit and lofe for each and every fuch Cafe or Package the Swn of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further ena&od, That in lieu of the Drawbacks aforefoid, and of aU othan Drawbacks of Excife, tliere (hall be paid and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Uopo-lifted Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, in refped of which the full1 Duties impofed on Plate Glafs (halt, have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported in re&angular Bates of perfect merchantable Glafs, andof the Diioenfions of Six Inches in Length and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, the Sum of Poor Bounds Eighteen Shillings only, and fo in proportion for any greater or.left Quantity; aad that if any Perfon or Ferfoas (hall pack or (hip for Exportation' on Drawback any Unground or Unpolilhed Plate Glafs of left or greater Dimenfion» in Thioknefs, or of left Uiaeafioosin Size than as lad aforefmd, or any foul, imperfeA or unmerchantable Ungnwad or UapoHfted Pbte Glafs, on (hall tack on (hfo any Unground or Unpolilhed: Plate Glafc in any oafoor other Package wither amougft any other kind tor Sort of Gkd% the fame,, together with the Package in which toy foch Gkft (hall be contained,, and;ad.the Glafs. therein, (hall.be forfeited* and (hall and may hefoiaed by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Pkrfon or Perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and iofe for each and cmj fuch Cafe or Package tfisSum of One httn&ed.Founds*.

Vl And bait further ena&ed, That it diallrand may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Bate Glide in the Prefence of the Superrifor or Surveyor and SurveytagOflcer of the DiftviA in which his, her or theirGlafs Houfo (haillto fituated, to; brrack<to pieces to the Satisfa&ioa of fuchiSUperetfor-or Surveyor and otkerQffiUi, (b that the fame he thereby rendteediwhoHy ufcfefs,. exoepsfor being reaseked, any Number of Plates of Ungroundiaad UnpoUied Plate Glafs, provided the fame (hall be fobroken after ithefome (hall have cemo from the Kiln and been anneakd, and before being: removed from* the Gkh Houfe where it (hall have beeniannexed into any Warehonfe, and lb as each and every of Ibob PlateS tb refjidinly good and mnrehaatabV Plate Gkfo and of? the* original Sim m wbiek>the fame wert made, and not left than Six Inchesia Length aad( Four Inchest i» Bmdih» and a Qjumtcno£airi Inch or move than Half ran Inob >ia Tffichntfs^ .and fftaiLtkentBpo* ha alfewed cut



50P GEO. IIL

aiofc



of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable foam fuch Allowance after Weaker or Makers refpe&ively for plate Glafa, iter the Rate of	.

Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for ©very Hundred Weight of fuch c^t QJafa fo broken m Pieces, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs Quantity: Provided alfo, that fuch Maker or Makers refpe&hrely Condition*, mall give Six Days’ previous Notice in Writing to fuch Supervisor,,

Surveyor or Officer* of bis Define and Intention fo to break fuch Glafs, and fpecify therein the Number of Plates and Weight of fuch Glafs, and the Day and Hour when the fame (ball be fo bvokao* and Shall during fuch Six Days lay, place and keep the fame, fo that; the Suoervifor, Surveyor or other Officer* fhaU be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and (hall, permit fuch Super* vifor, Surveyor or; other Officer, to take any One of fuch Plates before befog broken, of any Par£ of apy of foch Plates after being broken* by way of Sample*, he or they paying, for the fame at th*

Rate of Two pence pqr Pound.; apd fhaR keep and ufe true and corre# Scales apd Weights for weighing the fame* apd aid and affift by his Secrpnt and Workman foch Superrifpr or Surveyor and other Officer in. writing and taking Account thereof.; and Obftmdmg if apy. foch Maher Qr Makers (hall obftru& fuch. Supexrifor, Sur- officcn veyor or other Officer therein, or produce for being weighed any,

Plate or, Plates of Glafs other than as afore (aid, or on the Material* of which thfc Duty fhall not have been charged,, or which fhall have been made or manufa&ured from fouj, bad or unmerchantable Metal qr Glafs, or from any Part of the Glafs.required by Law to be left ip the Bottom of any Pot or Pots, or, keep, produce or ufe any falfo Scales, or Weights for tb& weighing of any iuch Glads as afore bid* or ufe, or. caufe or foffer to, be ufed, any Art, Means or Con* trivance, to deceive or prevent, foch Supeiwifors, Surveyor or othffl Officer taking an Accqpptqf qr weighing fuch Glafs, from taking a true Account thereof, or by which His bfsjefty may be defrauded* fuch Maker or Makers fhall for each and every fuch OHence forfeit and lpfe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

VI.	And be it further ena&qd, That, no Crown Glafs, or Ger- No Crown man Sheet Glafs, or Broad or Spread Window Glafs, fhall be GUft,*c.tobe made in the United Kingdom of greater Thicknefs in the Foot, 2J?e.of foperficial and exclufive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or hertin men-Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or tk»ed.

Glafs fhall; before the fame, or any Part thereof be begun to be manufa&ured info Wares, be declared by the Maker thereof, by

Notice in Writing to be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excife, to be made for Plate Glafs, and the Duty impofed upon Plafo Gfefehe,charged thereon; and that if any foch.

Cuds. refoe&ively, except a*, aforeffod, fhall be made of any greater Thfekpefi than One Ninth Bart of an Inch, the fame fhall be for-. fejtcd*, and fhaJVand mpy be feized by any Officer or Officers-of.

Excife,

VII,	And be it further ena&ed* That the fold feveral Drawbacks .Drawbacks on op Plate Glafs.by thw A& allowed and granted fhall and may be re- Plate Giafc how fpe&ivdy paid and allowed fo foch and the like manner, apd in or by 10 ** V™1 any^o - qther of the General or Specisl Means, Ways or Methods by

w&fh 4* Brs^baqk*,o£ Duties of Exfofe refpe&ivdy upon Goods,

Wares, Merchw-CJiwPWpdUies, of the fame Sorts or kinds, refpe&tvtjy, are or may be paid or allowed except fo far as the fame

C. 108.

56® 6E0. III.

A.D.18I6.

Penalties for Offences againft .the Laws of Ex* rife extended to Drawbacks of Duties on Plate Glafs.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

*0.3. c. no.

Recited Ail further oontinued.

are altered by this Ad, and the Goode, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this Ad refpedively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fubjed to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&iona and Forfeitures, to which Qoods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Forfeitures refpedively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpedively were fubjed and liable except as aforefaid, by any Ad or Ads of Par-liament in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, made for fe-curing the Revenue of Excife, or for me Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Dirediona therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execution, for and in refped of the feveral Drawbacks of Duties of Excife on Plate Glafs, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, except as aforefaid, as if ill and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Diredioos, Fines, Pain8, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, impofed by this Ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by ^Vdion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’a Courts of Record at Wefi-minfier, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively * and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hill be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them wno (hall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

CAP. CIX.

An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, an Ad of the Forty fixth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of die Silk Manufadures of Great Britain.	[ift July 1816.]

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that an Ad made in the Forty 4 W fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’* Reign, intituled An AS 4 for grantings during the Continuance of tht prefent War and until 4 Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

4 an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures 4 of Great Britain, (hould be further continuedBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the £une. That the (aid Ad (hall be continued until tht Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

CAP.

A.IX 181G.

56° GEO. III.

C.110.

561

CAP. CX.

An AGt for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers.	[ift	July 1816.]

1 TT THE REAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral Drawbacks

*	W of Excife payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides

*	and Skins, tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and Leather 1 made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from

*	Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and ( allow other Drawbacks of Excife in lieu thereof ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A6t, the feveral Drawbacks of Excife now payable by Law, upon the Exportation of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and of Leather made or manufaftured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, lhall be and the fame are hereby repealed; fave and except in all cafes relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeCL ively, which lhall have been incurred at any time before or on the palling of this A&.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That in lieu and inftead of the Drawbacks of Excife hereby repealed, there lhall be allowed and granted the following Drawbacks ; (that is to fay),

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked ; and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins as lhall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties impofed in refpe& thereof lhall have been paid, and which lhall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties impofed in refpeft thereof lhall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny s

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins fo curried, as lhall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties impofed in refpe& thereof lhall have been paid, and which lhall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned with Shumach, m Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanilh Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, Sixpence:

56 Geo. III.	O	o	For

Drawbacks now payable on drefled Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu thereof the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

562

GMO.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Drawbacks fub-je£ to Rcgul*-* tions herein mentioned.

Former Regulations and Penalties in force.

For every Found Weight Avoirdupoife of Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great Britain of any kind of tanned, tawed or curried Leather, chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties impofed in refpedt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots or Shoes made in Great Britain, the Upper Leathery Vamps and Boot Legs of which are made of Morocco Leather, Spanilh Leather or Kid Skins, for which the Duties in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dreiTed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer and Elk Skins drefied in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Sheep and Lamb, Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, and of all Hides drefied in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence : For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins drefied in Great Britain, and made into Goods and Wares other than Gloves, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, One Shilling and Three pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Gloves made of Leather drefied in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties im-pofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins drefied in Oil in Great Britain and made into Goods and Wares (other than Gloves), for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, Nine pence.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral Drawbacks by this Ad allowed and granted (hall and may he refpedively paid and allowed in fuch and the like manner, and iu or by any or cither of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Drawbacks hereby repealed, or the Drawbacks of Doties of Excife refpedively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com* modities of the fame Sorts or Kinds refpedively, were or might be paid or allowed, except fo for as the fame are altered by this Ad ; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this Ad refpedively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, (Hall be and the fame are hereby made fubjed to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&kins and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and

every

A.D.1810,

56° GEO. III.

C. 110.

563

every the fpecial Condition b, Rules, Regulations, Reft rift ions and Forfeitures refpeftively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpeftively were fubjeft and liable, except as aforefaid, by any Aft or Afts or Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Aft relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, made for fccuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Directions therein contained, (hall and are hereby dircfted and declared to extend to and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and pat in Execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral Drawbacks of Duties of Excife hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, except as aforefaid, as if all and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft*

• IV. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Ninth Year of ^he

*	Reign of Her Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 for laying 4 certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or drejfed, and 4 upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Tears, for 4 profeeuting the War and other Her Majefty*s moft neftfary 0ccaftans* 4 and which Aft was afterwards made perpetual, it is enafted, that

*	if any Tanner or other Perfon or Perfons (hall, from and after the 4 faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and 4 eleven, (have or caufe to be (hived any Hide or Calf Skin what-

*	foever before the fame be thoroughly tanned, whereby fuch Hide or 4 Skin (hall be impaired, and Her Majefty’a Duty thereby dimintfhed, ‘ every fuch Hide or Skin, or the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited, 4 One Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them 4 that will inform or fue for the fame: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to repeal the faid recited Provifion of the faid Aft Be it therefore enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, the fame (hall be and is hereby repealed, fave and except as to the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred in any Refpeft relating thereto before or upon that Day; and that from and after the patting of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for any entered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have any Hide or Skin, or to cut and feparate therefrom the thin Parts thereof: Provided always, that every fuch Tanner or Tanners (hall give Six Days’ previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whofc Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, of his Intention or Defire fo to do, fpedfying in fuch Notice the Day and Hour when he, (he or they will take any fuch Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, and the Number of fuch Hides or Skins refpeftively to be taken out, and whether the fame are to be fo taken out for the Purpofe of being (haved, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and feparated as aforefaid; and if any Tanner or Tanners (hall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze for either of the Purpofes aforefaid refpeftively, or for any other Purpofe, except by Ihifting the fame into other Wooze in the fame entered Premifea, or fhall remove or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part thereof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of

O o 2	the

9 Ann. c.n.

Provifion in recited Aft prohibiting the Shaving of Hides repealed. Tanners may take out of the Woose and (have Hides, Ac. Notice to be given to the proper Officer.

Tanners removing or concealing Hides from View of Officer.

$64 ...	C.106,107.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D.I81A

Minch Bay of November famedtariy fabfequeiit t6 the Day* oF the CtoAnfencevneftt of fach Licence.

$4 G. 3. c. 17*. XXXIV. And be k etiadfed, That the fetid recited Aft of the to remain in	Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty (had! reani

focce*	and continue in force, and be hi all refpe&s abpifcable and appbrd

for raffing and paying the Duties hereby iffipoud, excepting fo far as the fan Ad is hereby aiteatod, as folly and effednally to all Ii-tents and Purpofes as if the fame were repented and contained in thh pflsfeht Ad.

Commencement XXXV. And be it eua&ed, That this Ad (hall comment* upas and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of November One thtmfiand eight hundred °fAtt*	sad fifteen, and (hall continue hi force until the tv&h Dfcyof

November One thonfand eight hundred and eighteen*

A€t may be XXXVL And be it further enafted, That this Aft way la d» altered, ac. tered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be puffed in this pretest Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CVlIi

An A£l to amend an A& of the lall Seffibii of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, fo far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commiflary Court in Scotland.	[ift July 18id.]

55 G.3.C.184. Sch. Paft the Thtod* tit. Inventory*

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the Commiflaiy Coarts in Scot-lmd exempted.

« YT7 HEREAS by an Aft paffed itl the Fifty fifth Year of Hfc

*	VV Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the Stamp 4 Ditties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or Printed 4 Ihfiruments, and the Duties oh Fire Ihfurancis, and on Legacies 4 tshd Sucetjfiuns to Perfohal Efiate upon Intefiacies, now payable in 4 Great Britain* and for granting other Dtsttet in lieu thereof, certain

*	ad valorem Duties were impofed upon Inventories to be exhibited 4 and recorded in any Commiffarv Court in Scotland, of the Eftmte

*	and Effeds of Perrons who (hall have died after the Tenth Day

*	6f OSober One thonfand right hundred and eight: And Whereas 4 ft is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from fuch ad 4 valorem Duties j* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mot Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Partianient affembled, and by the Authority of the feme, That from and after the palling of this Ad, where Inventories of the Perfona! of Move* able Efiate and Effeds of Perfbhs deceafed (had hate been exhibited and recorded in any Cotnttiflary Court in Scotland* prior to th# flfft Day of September One thonfand right hundred end fifteen, purfuant to the Direftions of and duly (lamped aS required by the Ad paffed m the Forty eighth Year of Hh Maiefty** Reign, intituled An As for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds* Law At* deeding! and other written or printed Infintments* and the Duties bit Legacies and Succqfftohs to Perfonal Efiate upon Inttfiaciti, now fdp* dm in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties itl heU thcHbf;

. and in confequence of the fubfequent Difcovery of other Efft&# W* longing to the fame Perform, addition a! Inventories thereof (haU hereafter be exhibited and recorded purfuant to the Dirediotts of the fame Ad, all fuch additional Inventories (had! be exempted from the faid ad valorem Duties granted by the frid Ad of the Fifty fifth Year of Hi* Majefty** Reign, and that fuch of the raid adAtfowf

Inventories

JLIX 181€.



<VMfc

M5

Inventories as would not have been liable under the laid Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty** Reign, in cafe the fame had bcsen exhibited and recorded prior to the Firo Day of September One thoufend eight hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and Effefts of the fame Perfons,

JhaJl be wholly exempted from Stamp Duty j and that for and in Addition*! In-nxfpeft of fuch of the find additional Inventories as would have been vemorltsUiUs Rafale under the Rod Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty'a UDrd“ *J'm Reign, in cafe the feme had been exhibited and recorded prior to the Firo Day of September Ome tboufead eight hundred and fifteen, to (hail he charged a Stamp Doty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon with that Duty nner Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and ^y*

of the feme Perfbot, there Rail be raifed, levied and paid, onto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and SucceftorS, fetch and the feme Doty only as inch additional Inventories would lpnve been fubjeft and liable to under the faid laft mentioned Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the laid Duties hereby granted Duty under ftiall be under the Care and Management of the Cornmiffioners of ^°””l^0Dtn Stamps in Great Britain, which laid Cornmiffioners and the major °

Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and fuffirient Stamps or Dies for expreffing and denoting the laid Doties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof refpeftively, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the feme from time to time as Occafion (hall require, and alfo to employ fuch Officers and Perfont under them, and to do all fuch other Aft* and things as (hall be thought neceffary or expedient for effcftuaily railing and colltfting the faid Dudes hereby granted, and for puttiog this Aft into Execution, in the like and in as full stgfi ample manner as they or any former Cornmiffioners are or have been authorized to do for the raffing and oolfefting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Aft or Afti of Parliament relating thereto.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all the Powers, Provifiont, Pswen of

Clanfes, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and	re“

Penalties contained in and impofed bp any former Aft or Afte of Parliament relating to any Sump Duties, mall be of full force and AGL

effeft with refpeft to the Duties hereby granted as far as the feme are or (hall be applicable, and (hall be obferved, applied, enforced end i put in Execution, for the raffing, levying, collefting and fecuring of the faid Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, as • fully and effe&ually to all Intenu and Purpofes as if the feme had been herein repeated and fpedally enafted with reference to the faid Duties hereby granted.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all the Monies to arife from Application of the Duties granted by this Aft (hall be paid, applied and difpofed Duty.

of in the feme manner as the Duties from which the faid Leafes and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable tad applicable in cafe this Aft had not been made.

556

€.108.

36° GEO. IIL

A.D.1816.

4JO.3. e.8i. 8ch. (B.)

Drawback note recited Aft to ceafe.

43 O.3. c. 81. Sch. (A.) tit. Irilh Beer, Ale or Mum.

JOO.3. c.34.

CAP. CVIII.

An Att to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excife on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glafs, and to prevent Frauds therein..

[ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aa for granting 4 to His Mayfly 9 until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the * Definitive Treaty of Peacef certain additional Duties of Excife in < Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shil-‘ lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale * brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings the * Barrel exdufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale,

• mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of * Union with Scotland9 which (hall be duly exported to Foreign * Parts as Merchandize, and which (hall be proved to have been 4 brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred * and three: And Whereas feveral of the Duties impofed by the 4 (aid Ad were by fubfe^uent Ads continued until the Fifth Day * of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen (a), and leveral 4 of fuch Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty 4 on Malt thereby impofed will ceafe and expire on the Fifth Day of 4 July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and Doubts may 4 arife whether by the Continuance of fuch Duties as aforefaid, the 4 faid Drawback in refped of the Exportation of Beer is alfo con-* tinued For the Prevention and Removal of fuch Doubts, be it declared and enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Drawback in refped of the Exportation of Beer does and (hall wholly ceafe and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and (hall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in the prelent or any other Sefiion of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding. (a) [55 G. 3. 4.27.]

‘ II. And Whereas by the faid recited Ad a Countervailing 4 Duty of Excife of Four Shillings $nd Eleven pence is impofed for * every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons Englifh Beer Mea-* fure, of Irijh Beer, Ale or Mum, which (hall be imported into 4 Great Britain^ diredlv from Ireland, and the (aid Duty has been * fince continued and » now in force: And Whereas by a certain 4 other Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforefaid, inti-4 tuled An Aafor allowing the Exportation of Britifh and Irifh made 4 Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a Coun-4 tervaiUng Duty of Excife of Four Shillings and Four pence is * impofed for every Bufhel of Malt unground made in Ireland and 4 imported diredly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called 4 England; and another Countervailing Dutv of Excife of Three 4 Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentietns of a Farthing is alfo 1 by the faid lad mentioned Ad impofed for every Bufhel of fuch * Malt made in Ireland and imported diredly from thence into that * Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the (aid lad men-

4 tioned

§3*

A.D.1816.

56* geo. hi;

C. 108.	ini

4 tioned A61 a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is al-4 lowed for every Bufhel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpeft

*	thereof (hall have been fully paid and exported from thence to 4 Ireland unground; and another Drawback of Three Shillings and

*	Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every

*	Bufhel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain 4 except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

4 for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpeft thereof (hall have 4 been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground: And

4 Whereas in confequence of the CeiTation of the Duty of Excife	'

4 upon Malt made in Great Britain, impofed by the (aid Aft made 4 in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, it is expedient to 4 repeal the faid Countervailing Duty impofed by the faid Aft of 4 the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, impofed on Irijb Beer*

4 Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and alfo Two Shillings 4 per Bufhel of the faid feveral Countervailing Duties refpeftively 4 impofed by the faid Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign afore-4 faid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland refpeftively from 4 Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bufhel of the Drawbacks refpeft-4 ively, granted and allowed by the lalt mentioned Aft, in refpeft 4 of Malt exported from England or Scotland refpeftively to Ire-4 land? Be it therefore fcnafted, That from and after the laid Fifth Countervailing Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the faid Coun- on Irilh tervailing Duty impofed by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, impofed on Irijb Beer, Ale or Mum imported Britain'impofetf into Great Britain, and alfo Two Shillings per Bufhel of the faid by 43 G. 3. Countervailing Duties refpeftively impofed by the faid Aft of the c,8i. ami the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforefaid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland refpeftively from Ireland, and Two Shillings ter Bufhel of the faid Drawbacks refpeftively granted and allowed by the laft ^ Malt, mentioned Aft in refpeft of Malt exported from England or Scot- and alfo th* land refpeftively to Ireland, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby Drawbacks, ns». refpeftively repealed, fave and except in all cafes relating to the reco- except vering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftively, which Arrears* may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thonfand eight nundred and fixteen.

4 III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excife are payable by Law 4 amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every 4 Square Foot fuperficial Meafure of Plate Glafs made in Great	1

4 Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which 4 the Duties impofed in refpeft thereof fhall have been paid, and 4 duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and fo in pro-4 portion for any greater or lefs Quantity : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient to limit the Payment of fuch Drawbacks on Plate Glafs,

4 to fuch Plate Glafs only as fhall be ground and polifhed and of 4 a certain Size and Thicknefs	Be it therefore enafted, That no No Drawbacks

Drawback fhall be allowed or paid for or in refpeft of the Ex- tobeallowodoo portadon of any Ground or Polifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Exportation of Britain* unlefs fuch Ground and Polifhed Plate Glafs be exported	Po*

jn rectangular Plate, of die Size of 85* Inches in Length by Four uuSStlZ Inches in Breadth at the kaft, and of the Thicknefs throughout of reauguiar . *	One	Plates of a cer

Cw 108.

56° GEO. IQ.

iS.18I&

55ft

tain Sixe and Thickneft, frc. Shipping con. trary hereto.

Seisure and Penalty.

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there (hall be paid for Unground or Unpolifhad Plate Clefs exported in re&sogular Plates of certain DhnenGom, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping coo. trary hereto.

Secure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glafa may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Hn-ground and Un-polifhed Olafs in Prefence of Su-pervifor, &c. of Diftridt.

One Eighth of an Inch at the lead, and unlefa each and ewery Plate of focb Ground and Polifhed Plate daft be free from Stafna and Blitters, and be perfe& and fit far immediate Ufe, as and for Ground and Polifhed Plate Glafi; and that if any Perfon or Perfono (haft pack or (hip far Exportation qo Drawback* any Plate or Plates of Plate Glafa as and for Ground and Policed Plate Glafs made in Great Britain which' is not Plate Glafs, or has not been ground and po-lifaed, or which (hall be Foreign Glafs* or of left Diovenfion or Thieknefr throughout than aforelaid, or (hall be ftained, or bliftned, or imperied,. or not immediately fit far Ufe as and for Ground and Polifhed Plate Glafs, or any other Sort of Glafs with or asnongft any Ground and Polifhed Plate Glafs, the fame, together with the Package in which fuch Plate or Plates may be contained, nod all the Glafs therein (hall be forfeited,, and (hall and may be kited by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and: the Perfon or Pcrfona to offending (hall forfeit and lofe for each and every fuch Cafe or Package the Sum'of One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted, Thai in lieu of the Drawbacks afoerfaid, and of all other? Drawbacks of Excife, there (hull he pad and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Unpo-lifted Plate Glafa made in Greet Britain, in tefped erf which the fall' Duties impofed on Plate Glafa (hall, have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported in re&wgular Hates of perfect merchantable Glafa, and of the Diraenfions of Six Inches in Length and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thickneft of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, the Sum of Four Bound* Eighteen Shillings only, and fa in proportion far any greater or left Quantity; and that if any Perfon or Berfoas (hall pack or (kip for Exportation, on Drawback any Unground or Unpotifoed Plato Glafa of left or greater Dimenfions in Thioknefs, or of iefa UimcnfioD* in Sira than as left* aforefiud, or any foul, unparfeg or unmerchaatahle Ungwuad or Uapolifaed Hate Glafs, or (hall pack or (hip any Ungrouod or Unpolifted: Hate- Glafa in any cair or other Package with,or among# any other kindior Sort of Gld% the fame# together with the Package in which any fuch Glafa dull be contained,, and'alhthe Glafa. therein, (hall be forfaited* and fhrfl and may befairad by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Pfcrfaa or Perfans fa offending faaU forfait and lefe for each and; erwy fuch Cafe or Package the Sum of One huadsed,Bounds,.

V: And ha itfurther enafted, That it: ftalLaad may be lawful to and for any Makor or Mahers of Plate Glafs in the Brefcncraf the Suptrvifor or Surveyor and Surveying Officer of the Dittrift in which hie, her or their Gfafa Hoofa (kailfM fitunled, to brrak<to pieces to the Satisfaction of fuchi Sopervifar or Surveyor and otherQffiUi^.fo that the fame he thereby reuderedtwhoUy ufakfs,. exoepft- far being remeked, any Number of Phtfesof Ungroundiand UnpaKtied Plate Glafa, provided the fame (kail be fbbruken after tthe £une(hatihwt cemo from the Kiln and been annenfed, and befora being: nemowd fawn* the Glafa Houfe where it. (hall have bee»<annenfed into any \¥iwehoufe, and fo as each and every of fifteh Plate* be refjpnft&vdy good and mnrebaataMe Plate Gkfa and of; the-original S» in which >the fame were made, and act left than Six lnches in Length a*d< Four Inehra in Bnradtbj, and aQfturtereof an; Inch or more than Half ran look >aa TMchotfay and ftilfampmfaslhmlra

of

50P GEO- HE

C. 108.



309

of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable from fuch Allowance after Maker or Makers refpe&ively for Hale Glafs, after the Rate of	°*rw

Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight of fuch ^t> ’	*

Glafs fo broken in Pieces, and fo in proportion for a greater or left Quantity; Provided alfo, that fuch Maker or Makers refpe&rvely Conditions, lhall give Six Days’ previous Notice ip Writing to fuch Supervisor,,

Surveyor or Officer, of bis Defire and Intention fo to break fuch Glafs, and fpecify therein the Number, of Plates and Weight of fuck Glafs, and the Day and Hour when the fame (ball be fo broken* and fhall during fuch Six Days lay, place and keep the fame, fo that the Snoervifor, Surveyor or other Officer, ihaU. be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and fhall permit fuch Super* vifor. Surveyor or, other Officer, to taka any One of fuch Plate* before being broken, or any Pact of any of foch Plates after being broken, by way of Sample,, he or they paying for the fame at the Rate of Two pence per Pound.; and fhaR keep and ufe true and corre& Scajes and Weights for weighing the fame, and aid and affift bv his Servant ana Workmen foch Superrifor or Surveyor and other Officer in weighing and taking Account thereof; and Obftnidivtg if any fuch Maker or Makers fhall obftruft foch. Supenvifor, Sur* offictrt veyor or other Officer therein, or produce for being weighed' any Plate or Plates of Glafs. other than as afore hud, or on the Materials qf which the. Duty fhall not have been charged,, or which fhall have been made or manufactured from fou), bad or unmerchantable Metal qr Glafs, or from any Part of the Glafs. required by Law to be left in the Bottom of any Pot or Po|s, or, keep, produce or ufe any falfo Scales, or Weights for the weighing of any fuch Glafo as aforefaid* or ufe, or, caufe or foffer to be ufed, any Ajrt, Means or Con* trivance, to deceive or prevent, foch Supeiwifors, Surveyor or othen Officer taking an Account of or weighing fuch Glafs, from taking a true Account thereof* or by which His Majefty may be defrauded* fuch Maker or Maker® fhaU for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds-	Penalty.

VI- And be it further, ena&ed, That no Crown Glafs, or Ger- No Crown man Sheet Glafs, or Broad or Spread Window Glafs, fhall be 01*6, to fo made in the United Kingdom of greater- Thicknefs in the Foot, Thidu^SSn foperficial and exclufive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or j^rejIl mn_ Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or tiooed.

Glafs fhall; before the fame, or any Part thereof be begun to be manufactured into Wares, be declared bv the Maker thereof, by Notice in Writing fo be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excife, to be made for Plate Glafs, and the Dntv impofed upon Plafo Gfefe,be{charged thereon; and that if any fuch.

Glafs refoeftjvely, except as aforefeid, fhall be made of any greater Thicknefs than One Ninth Part of an Inch, the fame fhall be for-. fcited,, and fludV and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of.

IJxpife,

VII,	And be it. further enaftedt That the fafo feveral Drawbacks. Drawbacks on oa Plate Glafs by this A& allowed and granted fhall and may be re. Hs«« Giafc how fjpef&ively paid and allowed fo fuch and the like manner, and fo or by 10 ** ^ any, or either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by wfaifh the Drawback*,of DfoW of Excife refpe&ively upon Goods,

Wares, Merchapdtf^ Qr Commodities of the feme Sort* or kinds refpeftjvtly, are or may be paid or allowed except fo far as the fame

are

C.I08.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Penalties for Ofitncec agiinft .the Laws of Ei-ctfe extended to Drawbacks of Duties on Plate Ghla.

Recorery and Application of Penalties.

46O.3. C.IXO.

Recited A£t further continued.

are altered by this Ad, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this Ad refjfedively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fiibjed to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftridions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Forfeitures refpedively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpedively were fiibjed and liable except as aforefaid, by any Ad or Ads of Par. liament in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, made for fe-curing the Revenue of Excife, or for tne Regulation and Improve, ment thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (lull and are hereby direded and declared to extend to and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execution, for and in refped of the feveral Drawbacks of Duties of Excife on Plate Gl&fs, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, except as aforeiaid, as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, impofed by this Ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by £dion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefi-minfler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall be to His Majeftv, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them wno (hall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

CAP. CIX.

An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, an Ad of the Forty fixth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufadures of Great Britain.	[ift July 1816.]

• VT7 HEREAS it is expedient that an Ad made in the Forty 4 VV fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 4 for granting, during the Continuance of the prefent War and until 4 Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

4 an additional Bounty on the Exhortation of the Silk Manufactures 4 of Great Britain, (hould be further continued;9 Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the (aid Ad (hall be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

A.D. lglG.

56° GEO* III.

C. 110.

561

CAP, CX.

An AQ for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers.	[id	July 1816.]

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral Drawbacks

*	W of Excife payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides

*	and Skins, tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and Leather c made or manufadtured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from 1 Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and i allow other Drawbacks of Excife in lieu thereof Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A&, the fe vend Drawbacks now

Drawbacks of Excife now payable by Law, upon the Exportation payable on

of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and

of Leather made or manufactured into Goods or Wares in Great pealedf* **

Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, Audi v

be and the fame are hereby repealed ; fave and except in all cafes except Arrears.

relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeCtively

which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or

Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeft-

ively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the	*

palling of this Ad.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That in lieu and inflead of the In !>eu thereof Drawbacks of Excife hereby repealed, there lhall be allowed and following granted the following Drawbacks ; (that is to fay),

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, Drawbacks to be and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in paid.

Great Britain,znd duly marked ; and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins as lhall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof lhall have been paid, and wliich lhall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize s

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Dudes impeded in refpedl thereof lhall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny;

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins fo curried, as lhall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties impofed in refpedl thereof lhall have been paid, and which lhall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned With Shumach, in Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanilh Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland,

Sixpence;

56 Geo. III.	O	o

For

m

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be afcertatned.

DHtitter not making Entry or not giving Notice, or obft ruling Officer.

Penalty.

Provlfo.

Not lefs than Nine Gallons of Spirits of a certain Strength may be fent out with Permit.

C. 106.	46*	GEO. IU.	.	A.D4SJL*.

Wafh, any Difliller of Spirits for Home Confiumptioii in Scotland fhall make entry of every VefTel ufed by him for the Purpofe of making or keeping any fuch Compofition or Mixture, defcribiog the fame, and fpecifymg the Ufe to which each fuch Vefiel is to be applied; and every fuch Difliller fhall alfo give Notice to the Officer of Excife, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make any fucb Compofition or Mixture, and the Officer of Excife fhall take an Account thereof in fuch VefTels refpe&ively, and fhall and may at all times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thereof, and to afcertain the Gravity thereof by the faid Inftrument called the Sac-charometcr; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof fo ascertained, fhall not any time be greater than the Gravity of the Waite made by fuch Difliller, fo limited and fo taken account of as afore-faid, fuch Compofition or Mixture fhall be deemed and taken to he Wafh, and the Duty hereby impofed on Wort or Wafh (hall be charged thereon; and if the fame, or any Part of fuch Mixture or Compofition, fhall at any time be found of any greater Gravity than aforefaid, the fame fhall be forfeited, together with every Cafk or VefTel containing the fame, and fhall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and if any fuch Difliller fhall not make entry, or (hall not give Notice in the manner herein duelled, or if the OflU cer (hall be prevented or obftruHed in taking an Account thereof, or Samples as above preferibed, as often and at fuch times as he may think neceffary, to afcertain the Gravity thereof, or if fuch Difliller (hall refufe or negleH to remove and put all fuch firfl mentioned Mixture or Compofition unto his or her fermenting Tuns, and mix the fame with the Wort therein as aforefaid, every fuch Difliller fo offending in any of the above Particulars, or in whofe Premifes apy fuch Offence (hall be committed, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any fuch Difliller (hall, within Thirty Hours after fuch Compofition or Mixture fhall have been begun to be made, remove and put the whole thereof unto his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the fame therein with the Wort or Wafh in fuch Tun or Tuns, in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, or if fuch Officer (hall afterwards find any Increafe of Wa(h in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which fuen Difliller or Diflillers fhall declare luch Compofition or Mixture to have been put within fucb time as aforefaid, equal to the Amount thereof and arifing therefrom, the fame (hall be charged with Duty therein as Part bf the Wafh made in fuch Tun or Tuns refpe&ively, and not diflin&ly and Separately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Difliller of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scotland to fell and fend out, accompanied with a true and lawful Per* mit, to any Perfon or Perfons, not being a Re&ifier or Compounder, of Brtitjh Spirits, any Quantity of Spirits in any Cafk or Package not containing lefs than Nine Gallons of. Spirits of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, nor lefs than One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all Spiriu fold or fent out contrary hereto, with the Calks or other Packages containing the fame, and all Horfes, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made ufe of in removing fuch Spirits, which may be Seized by any Officer of the Culloms or of Excife.	.

XXIX. And

A.D.1816.

56* GEO. III.

C. 106.

953

XXIX. Aod be it further enaded, That in all Trials of Strength

Adjufting tbs

Stills not to be worked o*

by Law eftablifhed and brought Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by the laid Hydrometer, (tall be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this Alt; and that the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this A It.	(a) Spelt Sikes, cap. 105. ante, $6.]

XXX.	Aad be it further enaded, That if any Diftiller or Diftillers (hall work or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord’s Day commonly called Sunday; (that is to fay), if any Still or Stills (hall Svl**P* not be completely difeharged and worked off at or before Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and (hall not continue uncharged until One of the Clock on Monday Morning following; or if any Still or Stills (hall be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then every Inch Diftiller or Diftillers in whofe Premifes fuch Offence (hall be committed (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, befides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law for breaking the Lord's Day.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and .

Forfeitures by this Ad impofed (hall be fued for, mitigated, reco- pP^?1*00 " vered, levied and diftributed, in the manner in which Fines, Pc- 6	***

nalties and Forfeitures are direded to be fued for, mitigated, recovered, levied and diftributed, by the faid recited Ad paffed in the.

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

XXXII.	And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Diftiller for Home Confumption in Scotland to make entry in the manner direded by Law, and apply for a Licence under the Authority of this Ad, at any time not exceeding Ten Days pre- xodi N^Tnm ceding the faid Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen ; and upon fuch Licence being granted to fuch

Diftiller, it (hall and may be lawful for him or her to prepare Worts and Wafh for Diftillation m the manner direded by this Ad, but not to begin to diftil any Part of fuch Worts or Wafh until the faid Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen:

Provided always, that if fuch Diftiller fo applying for fuch Licence (hall hate obtained a Licence purfuant to the (aid recited Ad paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, it (hall be made manifeft to the (aid Commifiioners of Excife in Scot-land, or to the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to grant fuch Licences, that all the Worts or Wa(h prepared by any fuch Diftiller under his current Licence, (hall have been diftuled into Spirits, before any Licence (hall be granted to fuch Diftiller under the Authority of this Ad.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be Every Licence

lawful for any Diftiller to apply for a Licence under the Authority	00	*hs

of this Ad at any time of the Year after the faid Tenth Day of 9th <***"• November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen s but every Licence granted under the Authority of this Ad (hall expjre on the

Ninth

Penalty.

Recovery eat

Licence under tbit AA may bt granted Tea

$64 ... C106,107.	S6° GEO. III.	A.D.181&

Hindi Bay cf November fiamedtatiy fobfequedt M the Day af the Oodtotencameiit of fach Licence.

14	G. 3. c. 17*. XXXIV. And be k entftfed, That the find recked Aft of the to remain in	fifty fourth Year of the Reig* of His prefent Majefty fttaU remain

force-	and continue fa force, and be m all rrfpeft® abpticabfe and applied

for raffing and paying the Doties hereby impofed, excepting (b fir as die laid Aft is hereby altered, as folly and effeftually to all IA-tents and Porpofes as if the fane were repeated and contained in this prefetit Aft.

Commencement XXXV. And be k enafted* That this Aft fliall commence npoa and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of Number One thoufand eight hundred Att*	and fixteen, and (ball continue in force until the tVAhDfcyof

November One thonfatid eight hundred and eighteen.

Aft may be XXXVL And be it further enafted* Tint fids Aft may he d-■itered, &c. tered, varied or repealed by any A ft to be pdffed in this piefaft Seffion of Parliament.

55 G.3.C. 184. Sch. Pin the Third) tit. Inventory.

Certain additional Invento-riea exhibited in the Commiffary Courta in Scotland exempted.

GAP. CVlI*

An Aft to amend an Aft of the la(t SefliOti of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, fo far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any fcommifiary Court in Scotland.	[ift	July	1816.]

*	TT7 HEREAS by an Aft paffed ill the Fifty fifth Year of His

*	VV Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 for repealing the Stamp 4 Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed 4 Infiruthents, and the Duties on Fire Inf ter antes, and on Legacies 4 and Sttceeffions to Perfohal Eftate upon Intejhactes, now payable in 4 Great Britain* andfor granting other Duties in lieu thereof i certain

*	ad valorem Duties were imputed upon Inventories to be exhibited 4 Ihd recorded in any Commiffarr Court in Scotland, of the Eftate

*	and Effefts of Perfoos who (hall have died after the Tenth Day 4 Of OBobcr One thoufand eight hundred and eight: And Whereas 4 ft is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories from fuch ad 4 valorem Duties 5* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, where Inventories of the Perfonal ofr Move-able Eftate and Effefts of Perfofts deceafed (haS hate been exhibited and recorded in any Commiffkry Court in Scotlandj prior to til# Fifft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, purfuant to the Directions of and duly ftamped ai requited by the Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty*s Reign, fa* tituled An A3 for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law PtO* CeeeBugs and other writtsn or printed Ihftruments, and the Duttei &rt Legacies and Succcjftohs to Ptrfonal Eftate upon Inteft octet, now pdf* dbte in Great Britain, and for granting new Dufies fit tteu tbefm ;

. and in confequence of the fubfequent Difcovery of other Effeft* WS lodging to tne fame Perfons, additional Inventories thereof (hall hereafter be exhibited and recorded purfuant to the Directions of die fame Aft, all fnch additional Inventories fhafl be exempted from the faid ad valorem Duties granted by the faid Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majefty** Reign, and that foch of the faid adatkMert

Inventories

t JLD. IBW.

GEO. IJL	<Vl«fw	M5

Inventories as would not have been liable under the fiud A&of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty*s Reign, in cafe the fame had been exhibited and recorded prior to the Fim Day of September One i	thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater

|	Amount than the Duty already paid upon any former Inventories ex-

hibited and recorded of the Eftate and Effeas of the fame Perfons, ihall be wholly exempted from Stamp Duty ) and that for and in Additional In-l nsfpeft of fuch of the laid additional Inventories as would have been ventoriMlnftlt Jmbfe under the laid Adi of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty's undtt 48 1	Reign, in cafe the feme had been exhibited and recorded prior to the	^wr Duty 1 *

I	Fim Day of September One tbou&ad eight hundred and fifteen, to	fail be charged

a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already paid upon with that Duty nay former Inventories exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and °°ly«

1	Enefibs of the fame Perfons, there Ihall be raifed, levied and paid,

j	unto and for the Ufa of His Majefty, his Heirs and Snccefiors,

fiich and the fame Doty only as loch additional Inventories would have been fubjed and liable to under the faid laft mentioned A€t.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Duties hereby granted Duty under ihall be under the Care and Management of the Commiffioners of Commiflioueis & tamps in Great Britain, which faid Commiffioners and the major 0

Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide proper i and fufficient Stamps or Dies for exprefling and denoting the laid Doties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof refpe&ivriy, upoti the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to mter and renew the feme from time to time as Occafion (hall require, and alfo to employ fuch Officers and Perfons under them, and to do all | fuch other A&s and things as (hall be thought neceffary or expedient for effectually railing and colle&ing the faid Duties hereby grunted, and for putting this A& into Execution, in the like and in as full ample manner as they or any former Commiffioners are or hare been authorized to do for the railing and oolle&ing of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any A€t or Aft* of Parliament relating thereto.

III.	And be it further ena&cd, That all die Powers, Provifiont, of

Claufes, Regulations and Dire&ions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and	re“

Penalties contained in and impofed by any former A6t or A As of to^tend to tH, Parliament relating to any Sump Duties, (hall be of full force and ABL

effeft with refpeA to the Duties hereby granted as far as the fame sure or (hall be applicable, and (hall be obferved, applied, enforced smd put in Execution, for the railing, levying, collecting and fecurmg of the faid Duties hereby granted and otherwife relating thereto, as -fully and effc&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the feme had been herein repeated and fpecially enaAed with reference to the faid Duties hereby granted*

IV.	And be it further enaAed, That all the Monies to arife from Application of the Duties granted by this Ad (hall be paid, applied and difpofed Duty.

of in the feme manner as the Duties from which the faid Leaks and Inventories are hereby exempted would have been payable and applicable in cafe tins AA had not been made.

CAP.

C. 108.

560 GEO. IIL

A.D. 1816.

4JO.3. c.81. Sth. (B.)

Drawback under recited Aft to ceafe.

43 O.3. c.8x. Sch. (A.) tit. Irifti Beer, Ale or Mura,

50G.3-c.34.

IS.

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Doties of Excife on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glafs, and to prevent Frauds therein..

[ift July v8l6«]

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for granting 4 to Hu Majefty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Exctfe in * Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of Four Shd-* lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale • brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings the ‘ Barrel exdufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale, • mentioned and defcribed in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of * Union with Scotland, which (hall be duly exported to Foreign * Parts as Merchandize, and which (hall be proved to have been 4 brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred 4 and three: And Whereas feveral of the Duties impofed by the * faid Aft were by fubfe^uent Afts continued until the Fifth Day 4 of July One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen (0), and feveral • of fuch Duties have been and are further continued, but the Duty * on Malt thereby impofed will ceafe and expire on the Fifth Day of * July One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, and Doubu may 4 arife whether by the Continuance of fuch Duties as aforefaid, the 4 faid Drawback in refpeft of the Exportation of Beer is alfo con-* tinued For the Prevention and Removal of fuch Doubts, be k declared and enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Drawback in refpeft of the Exportation of Beer does and (hall wholly ceafe and expire on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, and (hall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament in the prefent or any other Seffion of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.	(a)	[5c	G.	3.	c. 27.3

4 II. And Whereas by the faid recited Aft a Countervailing 4 Duty of Excife of Four Shillings *nd Eleven pence is impofed for * every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons Englifh Beer Mes> 4 fure, of Irifh Beer, Ale or Mum, which (hall be imported into * Great Britain, direftly from Ireland, and the faid Duty has been * ftnce continued and is now in force: And Whereas by a certain 4 other Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforefaid, inti-* tuled An AS for allowing the Exportation of Britifh and Irifti made 4 Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, a Coun-4 tervailing Duty of Excife of Four Shillings and Four pence is * impofed for every Bu(hel of Malt unground made in Ireland and * imported direftly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called * England; and another Countervailing Duty of Excife of Three 4 Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is alfo 4 by the faid laft mentioned Aft impofed for every Buftiel of fuch 4 Malt made in Ireland and imported direftly from thence into that ( Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by the faid laft men-

< tioned

A* D. 1816.	66°	GEO.	III.*	C.108.	*57

4 tioned Aft a Drawback of Four Shillings and Four pence is al-4 lowed for every Bufhel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England\ for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpeft 4 thereof (hall have been fully paid and exported from thence to 4 Ireland unground; and anotner Drawback of Three Shillings and 4 Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing is allowed for every 4 Bufhel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain 4 except Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

4 for which all the Duties impofed for or in refpeft thereof (hall have 4 been paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground s And 4 Whereas in confcquence of the Ceflation of the Duty of Excife	/

*	upon Malt made in Great Britain, impofed by the laid A61 made 4 in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, it is expedient to 4 repeal the faid Countervailing Duty impofed by the faid Aft of 4 the Forty third Year of the Reign aforelaid, impofed on Irijb Beer*

4 Ale or Mum imported into Great Britain, and alfo Two Shillings 4 fer Bufhel of the faid feveral Countervailing Duties refpeftively € impofed by the faid Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign afore-4 faid, on Malt imported into England or Scotland refpedtfvely from 4 Ireland, and Two Shillings per Bufhel of the Drawbacks refpeft-4 ively, granted and allowed by the lad mentioned Aft, in refpeft 4 of Malt exported from England or Scotland refpeftively to Ire-

4 landj9 Be it therefore 'enafted, That from and after the laid Fifth Countemilinj Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the faid Coun- \ tervailing Duty impofed by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, impofed on lrijh Beer, Ale or Mum imported Brit«in impofed into Great Britain, and alfo Two Shillings per Bufhel of the faid by 43 O. 3. Countervailing Duties refpeftively impofed by the faid Aft of the c.81. and the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforefaid, on Malt imported into England Countervailing or Scotland refpeftively From Ireland, and Two Shillings ter Bufhel of the faid Drawbacks refpeftively granted and allowed by the laft	Malt,

mentioned Aft in refpeft of Malt exported from England or Scot- and alfo tbs * land refpeftively to Ireland, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby Drawbacks, re* , refpeftively repealed, fave and except in all cafes relating to the reco- p*sW,€icej* vering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeaively, which Arrtm# may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

* III. And Whereas Drawbacks of Excife are payable by Law 4 amounting to Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every

*	(Square Foot fuperficial Mcafure of Plate Glafs made in Great	1

*	Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which 4 the Duties impofed in refpeft thereof fhall have been paid, and

*	duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and fo in pro-4 portion for any greater or lefs Quantity : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient to limit the Payment of fuch Drawbacks on Plate Glafs,

( to fuch Plate Glafs only as fhall be ground and polifhed and of

4 a certain Size and Thicknefs ;* Be it therefore enafted, That no No Drawback* Drawback (hall be allowed or paid for or in refpeft of the Ex- to beaQovrwd oo portatxon of any Ground or Polifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Exportation of Britain, unleft fuch Ground and Polifhed Plate Glafs be exported	po"

in reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four	mdot^Li

Inches in Breadth at the leaft, and of the Thickuefs throughout of rca«»gul*r . >	One	PUtes of s eer

5f»

d. 108.

56? GEO. in.

AJD.1818.

tain Size tnd Thicknefs,frc. Shipping contrary hereto.

Seizure and Penalty.

In lieu of the Drawbacks now payable, there (hall be paid for Unground or Unpolilhed Plate Glafs exported in re&angplar Plates of certain Dimenfion?, the Drawbacks herein mentioned. Shipping con. trary hereto.

Seieure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glaft may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Un-ground and Un-polMhed Glafs in Prefence of Su-

ervifor, &c. of iftridt.

One Eighth of an Inch at die lead, amiuilLefteach and every Plate of fuch Ground and Poliflied Plate daft be free from Satin* and Biifters, and be perfe& and fk for immediate Ufe, aa and for Ground and Policed Hate Glaft; and that if any Perfoit or Perfont (hall-pack. or (hip for Exportation on Drawback, any Plate or Plates of Plate Glaft a* and for Gronad and Poliflied Piatt Glaft made in Great Britain which* is not Plate Glaft, or* has not been ground and poliflied,, or which (hall be Foreign Glaft, or of left Dimenfioa or Thiekneft throughout than aforefaid, or (hall he ftained, or bliftered, or imper/eft, or not immediately fit for Ufe as and for Ground and Poliflied Plate Glafs, or any other Sort of daft with or amongfr any Grounds and Poliflied Plate Glaft, the fame, together with the Package in* which fuch Kate or Plates may be contained, and all the Glaft therein (hall be forfeited^, and (hall and may be ftifeed, by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and. the Perfon or Eerfons fo offending (hall forfeit and loft for each and every fuch Cafo or Package the Sumof One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in lieu of the Drawbacks aforefaid, and of all othep Drawbacks of Excife, tliere (hall be paid and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Unground or Unpo~ lifted Plate Glaft made in Great Britain^ in refpeft of which the foil' Duties impoftd on Plate Glaft (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported in mftangular Kates of perfeft merchantable Glaft, and of the Dimenfions of Six Inches in Length, and Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thickncfs of One Quarter of an Inch and not more than* Half an Inch, the Sum of Poor Bounds Eighteen Shillings only, and fo in proportion for any greater or.left Quantity; and that if any Perfon or Berfoas (hall padc or (hip for Exportation, on Drawback any Unground or Unpdifiied Bike Glaft of left or greater Dimenfions in Thioksieft, or of lefs Diaeofionain Sian than aa laft aforefaid, or any foul, imparfed or unmerchantable Ungjwvad or Uapollfted Plate Glafs, ou (hall pack or (hip any Uaground or Unpofifliedi Kate' Glaft in way cair. or other Package wtthror amosgft any other kind i or Sort- of Glaft, the faae,v together with the Package in which any iiich Glaft (lull be contained,, and all, the Glaft. therein, (kaH.be forfeited, and (hall and may he ftixad by any Officer or Offioers of Excife; and the Pfcrfoa or Perfons fo offending (haU forfeit and left for each and: every fuch Cafe or Package tfis Sum of Oae hundred, Pounds..

V: And be it further-enafted, Hut it ftuILaad may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Hate Glaft hi the ftnefeneeof. the Supcrvifor or Surveyor and: SuvveyiagGflocr of the Diftrift in which his, her or their Gkifedloufe (Wlfbefituated, to breakdo pieces to the Satisfaction of, fuchiStipervtfor-or Surveyor and otherQflslri,.fo that the fame be thereby remkrediwhoHy ufekft,, except far bring rewelted, any Number of Plates of Unground > and Unpohfied Plate Glaft, provided the feme (kail be fo broken after itbei feme (hallhevc come from the Kilo and been anneafed, and beforn bring removed fmn* the Glaft Houft where it (hall have been < annealed into any Wognehoufe, and fo as each and every of feck Plates be gped and nwrebawtabV BLtte Gbu« and of. tkfc original Sin in whiohth* fiae nm road* utdoet lob than Six Inchas ia L*ngtk a«d Fonr Ipckn iar Bmuithy and a Q&artertof;«tilnoh or awe than Hatftan Inokia rTtidH»fi^aiddlufl«tkeaeiipoe*eallb*d«

CL W8i

ArP-mq.	sop	GEO.	Ill*

m

of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable from fuch Allowance after fr^aker or Makers refjpcdively for Flat* Glafs, after the Rate of t!Je *al® of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight of fuch *' or ever* 0Jafs fo broken in Pieces, and Ho in proportion for a greater or left Quantity: Provided alfo, that fuch Maker or Makers refpe&ively Conditions, mall give Six Days’ previous Notice in. Writing to fuch Supervisor,,

Surveyor or Officer, of bis Define and Intention fo to break fuch G.la&, and fpecify therein the Number of Plates and Weight of fuch,

Glafs, and the Day and Hour when the fame (hall be fo broken* and ffiall during fuch Six Days lay, place and keep, the fame, fo that! the Supervifor, Surveyor or other Officer, (hall be able readily and correctly to take an Account thereof, and (ball permit fuch Super* vifor. Surveyor or other Officer, to take any One of fuch Plate* before being broken, or any Pant of apy of fuch Plates after being broken, by way of Sample,, he or they paying for the fame at th*

Rnte of Two pence pqr Pound,* apd (Ml keep and ufe true and corre# Scajes aqd Weights for weighing the fame* and aid and, affift by his Servant and Workman £ich Supervifor or Surveyor and other Officer in; weighing and taking Account thereof. * and. OWbu&ing if apy, fu$h Maker or Makers (hall obftruA, fuch Supervifor, Sur^ officm veyoc or other Officer therein, or produce for being weighed1 any.

Plate- op Plates, pf Glafs. other thap as afore Caid, or. on the Material* of which the. Duty (hall not have been charged,, or which (hall have been made or manufactured from foul, bad or unmerchantable Metal qr Glafs, or from any Part of the Glafs. required by Law to be left ip the, Bottom of any Pot or Pot*, or, keep, produce or ufe any falf*

Scales, or Weights for tb& weighing of any iuch Glafs as aforefaid* or ufe, or. caufc or fpffer to be ufed, any Art, Means or Cop* trivance, to deceive or prevent, fuch Supervifor*, Surveyor or other*

Officer taking an. Accpppt of or weighing fuch Glafs, from taking a true Account thereof* or by which His Majefty may be defrauded* fuch Maker or Maker* fh*U for each and every fuch OHence forfeit and lpfe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

VI.	And be it further eaa&pd. That no Crown Glafs, or Ger- No Crown man Sheet Glafs, or Broad or Spread Window Glafs, (hall be 01*6, Ac. to be made in the United Kingdom of greater- Thicknefs in the Foot, fpperficial and exclulive of the Centre or Bullion and Selvage or mtXkm Rim thereof, than One Ninth Part of an Inch, except the Metal or tioned.

Glafs fhalb before the fame, or any Part thereof be begun to be manufa&ured into Ware*, be declared by the Maker thereof, by

Notice in Writing to be delivered by him, her or them to the proper Officer of Excife, to be made for Plate Glafs, and the Duty impofed upon Plate Gfefrhe.charged thereon; and that if any fuch.

Glafs, refoedively, except as, aforefaid, (hall be made of any greater Thic.kpefr than One Ninth Part of an Inch, the fame (hall be for-, frjtedi, and (hall* and mpy be feized by any Officer or Officers of.

I}xc ifrt

VII,	And be it.further ena&ed, Thar the (aid feveral Drawbacks,Drawback*on or Plate Gla&.by this AA allowed and granted (hall and may be re* Plate oiaft how fpeftively paid and allowed in fuch and the like manner, and m or by 10 ** Paid* any,or qtk«X,of the General or Special Means, Way* or Methods by

W %	DP^S	of,	Excife	refpcAively	upon Goods,

Wares, Mejsd^djfce or Cpmmodjttes, of the fame Sorts or kinds refpe&ivtly, are or may be paid or allowed except fo far a* the fame

are

C. 106.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Penalties for Offences againft .the LaW* of Excite extended to Drawbacks of Duties on Plate GJste.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

46O.J. C.IZO.

Recited AA further continued.

are altered by this A 61, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this AH ref{5e&ively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fubje& to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions aad Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and every the Special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reflridions and Forfeitures refpedively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpedively were fubjed and liable except as aforefaid, by any Ad or A61s of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this A61, relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every rain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this A61, made for liecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Dire6tions therein contained, Audi and are hereby dire6ted and declared to extend to and (hall be refpe£tively applied, pra6tifed and put in Execution, for and in refped of the feveral Drawbacks of Duties of Excife on Plate Glafs, hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, except as aforefaid, as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Dire€tions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenaded in the Body of this Ad.

VIU. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, impofed by this A61, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by £dion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefi-minfttr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame*

CAP. CIX.

An AGt to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, an A£t of the Forty fixth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufa&ures of Great Britain.	[ift July t8l6.]

<	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that an Ad made in the Forty

<	YV fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3

*	for granting, during the Continuance of the prefent War and until 4 Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

*	an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures

<	of Great Britain, fhould be further continuedBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the dame, That the (aid Ad (hall be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen.

A.D. 1816*

56° GEO. III.

C. 110.

561

C A P. CX.

An Adi for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Curriers.	[ift	July 1816.]

c TT THE REAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral Drawbacks

*	VV of Excife payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides

*	and Skins, tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and Leather ‘ made or manufadtured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from

*	Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and

*	allow other Drawbacks of Excife in lieu thereof Be it therefore ena&ed by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A&, the feveral Drawbacks of Excife now payable by Law, upon the Exportation of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and of Leather made or manufa&ured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed; fave and except in all cafes relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpe£t-ively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the pamng of this Ad.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That in lieu and inftead of the Drawbacks of Excife hereby repealed, there fhall be allowed and granted the following Drawbacks ; (that is to fay),

For all Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain,' and duly marked ; and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins as fhall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties .impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid, and which fhall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize;

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties impofed in relpe& thereof fhall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two pence Halfpenny ;

For all Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and Seal Skins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly marked, and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins fo curried, as fhall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties impofed in refpe& thereof fhall have been paid, and which fhall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned with Shumach, in Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanifh Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Eight pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, Sixpence:

56 Geo. III.	O	o	For

Drawbacks now payable on drefled Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu thereof the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

562

ChlO.

56* GEO. Ill

A.D.1816.

Drawbacks fub-je& to Regulations herein mentioned

Former Regulations and Penalties in force.

For every Found Weight Avoirdupoife of Gloves or other Matt u fad ures made in Great Britain of any kind of tanned, tawed or curried Leather, chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties impofed in refpedt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots or Shoes made in Great Britain, the Upper Leathery Vamps and Boot Legs of which are made of Morocco Leather, Spanifh Leather or Kid Skins, for which the Duties in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Eight pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dreffed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer and Elk Skins dreffed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Sheep and Lamb, Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, and of all Hides dreffed in OS in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Sixpence :

For every Pouud Weight Avoirdupoife of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins dreffed in Great Britain^ and made into Goods and Wares other than Gloves, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, One Shilling and Three pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Gloves made of Leather dreffed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dreffed in Oil in Great Britain, and made into Goods and Wares (other than Gloves), for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and duly exported from Great Brkam as Merchandize, Nine pence.

III. And be it further enabled, That the faid feveral Drawbacks by this Ad allowed and granted (hall and may be refpedively paid and allowed in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Drawbacks hereby repealed, or the Drawbacks of Duties of Excife refpedively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds refpedively, were or might be paid or allowed, except fo far as the fame are altered bv this Ad; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this Ad refpe&ively entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, (ball be and the fame are hereby made fubjed to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftridions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and

every

A. D. 1816,

56° GEO. III.

C.110.

563

every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftiont and Forfeitures refpeftively, to which the Uke Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpeftively were fubjeft and liable, except as aforefaid, by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the pafung of this Aft relating to the Duties of Excife; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the paifing of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Clauies,

Powers and Directions therein contained, (hall and are hereby dircfted and declared to extend to and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and pot in Execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral Drawbacks of Duties of Excife hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, except as aforefaid, as if all and every the laid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft.

• IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of ^he 9 Ann. c. it,

‘ Reign of Her Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for laying $

4 certain Doties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dreffed, and 4 upon VeUum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Tears, for 4 profecuttng tbs War and other Her Majejly** mojl neftjfary Oceafons,

*	and which Aft was afterwards made perpetual, it is enafted, that ‘ if any Tanner or other Perfon or Perfons (hall, from and after the 4 faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and

*	eleven, (have or caufe to be fhaved any Hide or Calf Skin what-

*	foever before the fame be thoroughly tanned, whereby fuch Hide or 4 Skin (hall be impaired, and Her Majefty’s Duty thereby diminifhed,

*	every fuch Hide or Skin, or the Value thereof, fhall be forfeited,

4 One Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them

*	that will inform or fue for the fame: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to repeal the faid recited Provifion of the faid Aft ;* Be it therefore

enafted, That from and after the pafiing of this Aft, the fame (hall Provifion in robe and is hereby repealed, fave and except as to the Recovery of any cited Aft pro-Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred |)‘b,t|n8 in any Refpeft relating thereto before or upon that Day ; and that repeated. from and after the paifing of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for Tanners may any entered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have take out of the any Hide or Skin, or to cut and feparate therefrom the thin Parts Woote and thereof: Provided always, that every fuch Tanner or Tanners (hall ?lave give Six Days* previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife gj^n^he under whole Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, of his Intention or proper Officer. Delire fo to do, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Day and Hour when he, (he or they will take any fuch Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, and the Number of fuch Hides or Skins refpeftively to be taken out, and whether the fame are to be fo taken out for the Purpofe of being (haved, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and feparated as aforefaid; and if any Tanner or Tanners (hall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts Tanners remov-©r Pieces of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze for either of the Pur- inS or conceaKnf poles aforefaid refpeftively, or for any other Purpofe, except by Hide^rom View ^lifting the fame into other Wooze in the fame entered Premifes, o? * °fficer*

(hall remove or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part thereof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of

O o 2	the

56*

C.110, 111

56" GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Penalty. Carriers ufing Sumack in cur. rying Hides, See. except for colouring Leather, Penalty.

Hides taken out of Wooxe to be hung up feparate from others till Account taken.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

the Officer, fo that the Duties payable thereon (hall not be duly charged, accounted for and paid, the Tanner or Tanners refpeftively fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for any Currier or Curriers, or other Perfon or Perfons not being an entered Tanner, to ufe Sumack in or about the currying of any Hide or Skin, or in the Preparation or Dreffing of any Leather, except only for the Purpofe of colouring fuch Leather, upon pain of forfeiting for each and every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Tanner, Tawer or Dreffer of Hides or Skins, or Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, (hall hang up fuch Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins, which he, (he or they (hall take out of the Wooze for that Purpofe, feparate and apart from all Hides or Skins, and Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, hung up to dry, or taken out of the Wooze for that Purpofe, on any former Day, and (hall keep and continue the fame, and every of them, fo feparate and apart, until the Surveying Officer (hall have taken an Account thereof; and if any fuch Tanner, Tawer or Dreffer (hall refufe or negleft fo to ’do, he, (he or they* (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wtfi-minfter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftivelv; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. CXI.

An Aft to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on fuch Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Colleftion of the faid Duties, and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland.	[id July 1816.]

1 117 HEREAS it is expedient that Part of the Duty of Excife

*	W on Spirits made from Corn or Grain in Ireland (hould be

*	repealed, and that the Drawbacks on fuch Spirits exported from

*	Ireland to any Place except Great Britain (hould be reduced Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afferobled, and by

Duty or 6d. per the Authority of the fame, That the Excife Duty of Sixpence Gallon ou Spirits granted and made payable upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong granted by Waters or Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain repealed?* ma^ted or unmalted, under and by virtue of an Aft paffed in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to grant an additional Duty of Excife in Ireland tif on Spirits made or diftilled from Corn or Grain, mall ceade and determine, and (hall be and the fame is hereby

repealed,

A.IX1816.	56°	GEO.	III.	G. 111.

repealed, for and in refp*d of aU fuch Spirits which (hall be made or diftilled from Com or Grain in Ireland, or which having been fecured in any of His Majefty’s Warehotifes purfuant to Law, (hall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe for Home Confumption in Ireland at any time or times from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

II.	And be it further enaded, That on all Spirits diftilled from Cora in Ireland, and exported from thence to any Place except Great Britain, after the faid Fifth July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, there (ball be paid and allowed the feveral Drawbacks following ; (that is to fay,) on all fuch Spirits which (hall have been fecured m any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes, and which (hall be exported diredly from and out of fuch Warehoufe, the Sum of Four pence Farthing Briti/b Currency for every Gallon of fuch Spirits, for and in refped of the Duty on the Malt ufed in the making and diftilling of fuch Spirits; and on all fuch Spirits as (hall not be exported from fuch Warehoufe, and as (hall have paid all Duties impofed by Law thereon, the Sum of Five Shillings and Ten pence Farthing Briti/b Currency for every Gallon of fuch Spirits of a Strength not fefs than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and the faid Drawbacks (hall be in lieu of all former Drawbacks on fuch Spirits refpedively under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Drawbacks or Allowances by this Ad allowed and made payable on the Ex. portation of Spirits, (hall be paid and fatisfied under and fubjed to all fuch Rules and Regulations as are contained in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland refpeding Drawbacks; and that every Perfon claiming fuch Drawback or Allowance (hall perform all fuen Requifites, and comply with fuch Regulations and Reftridions as are required to be performed and obferved by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback is payable for obtaining the fame.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That for all Spirits diftilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, which (hall be in the Stock of any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still, exceeding One hundred Gallons Content in Ireland, on the Morning of the Monday immediately preceding the laid Fifth Day of July> there (hall be allowed to the Diftiller of fuch Spirits for every Gallon of fuch Spirits the Sum of Sixpence Briti/b Currency; and that upon all Spirits which (hall be diftilled or chargeable on and after fuch Monday there (hall be charged upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence Briti/b Currency, and no more; and the Officer in Charge of fuch Diftillery (hall make his Return and Charge of Duty accordingly.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Officer or Officers of Ex» cife in charge of the Diftillery of any fuch Diftiller (hall, within Fourteen Day» after the faid Fifth Day of JWV, make a Return in Writing to the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid in which fuch Diftillery (hall be fituate, of the juft and true Quantity of all Spirits in the Stock of fuch Diftiller upon the Morning of the Monday next immediately preceding the faid Fifth Day of July ; and alfo of the Amount of the (aid Allowance of Sixpence upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits; and every fuch Officer (hall leave a true Copy of fuch Return in Writing under his Hand, with every fuch Diftwer, or at the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, and (hall trpnfmit a Duplicate of fuch

O o 3	Return

565

Drawbacks to be paid on Spirits exported (except to Great Britain) in lieu of former Drawbacks.

Drawbacks fubjeft to formes Regulations.

Allowance for Spirits in Stock of Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still exceeding ioo Gallons;

Duty for Spirits-diftiUed after a certain Day.

Officer to make Returns of Stock to Colle&or.

Copy to be left with Diftiller, and one tran£» micted to Cos* mUSoners.

Clll.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Penalty.

Commiffioners to order Payment of Allowance,

So much of any Aft as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines, See. repealed.

Diftillers to pay Duties for fuch Quantities of Spirits as might be produced from Number of Charges of Low Wines fj>ecified in Table annexed.

Further Duty in re(pe& of Stills for as much mare Spirits as might be produced.

Diftiller keeping Still oft certain Content togire

Return to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland* upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Negled or Omiffion of fo doing; and it Hull be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, upon the Application of fuch Diftiller, and the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to make an Order or Orders for the Payment or Satisfaction to fuch Diftiller of all fuch Sum or Sums of Money an under the Return of the faid Officer (hall to the faid Commiffioners appear to be payable to fuch Diftiller in refped of fuch Allowance of Sixpence per Gallon of fuch Spirits, either by Payment of the Amount of fuch Allowance to fuch Diftiller by the CoUe&or of the Diftrid, or by any Allowance or Abatement to fuch Diftiller out of or in refped of any Duty of Excife on Spirits which may be or become payable or due from fnch Diftiller, in fuch manner, and at fuch times, and under fuch Orders, Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Reftri&ions, as the faid Commiffioners (hall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after tbe Commencement of this Adi, fo much of any Ad or Adis in force in Ireland, at the time of the paffing of this Ad, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable wherefrom any Diftiller b chargeable with Duty in refpedt of any Still or Stills ufed by fuch DiftUler, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Adi every Diftiller in Ireland (hall for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still or Stills in the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller (hall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provifions of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for the regulating or fecuring the Col-ledion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, be charged with and (hall pay Duty for fuch refpedive Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates fpecified in any Ad or Ads in force from the feveral Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, feverally fet forth in the Table to this Ad annexed, for and in refpedl of each and every fuch Still being of the feveral Contents in the (aid Table fpecified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in refped of fuch Stills, and that the faid Table, and all and every the matters therein fpecified and contained, (hall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Ad to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; and that every fuch Diftiller (hall over and above liich feveral Quantities refpedively be charged with and (hall pay Duty in refped of each and every fuch Still or Stills for as much more Stunts as might be produced according to the Rates in the faid Ads fpecified, from all Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which fuch Diftiller (hall adually diftil within every fuch Penod of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above fuch feveral Quantities refpedively, and the Officer or Officers of Excife (hall make a Return of the Quantities of fuch Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and fuch Diftiller (hall pay the Duty fo charged and returned, under fuch Rules, Regulations and Diredions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for the regulating or fecuring the Colledxm of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland.

VIL Provided always, and be it enaded. That whenever any Diftiller licenfed to keep a Still or Stills under One thoufand

14	Gallons

A.D.1816.

58s GEQ. III.

C.111.

667

Gallon* Content* and exceeding One hundred Gallon* Content* (hall Notice when he

infert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Col- intends to w<*k

le&or, Surveyor and Gauger before he commences or recommences Tl,rf not

to work a Still, or (hall give Notice in like manner, Six Days before charre °n y*

the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight

Days, during which any Still (hall be chargeable as working, that

fuch Di(tiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleifion

during the next fucceeding Period with Turf only not charred, and

not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, fuch Diftiller

(hall for every fuch Period, during which any fuch Still or Stills (hall

be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged

with and pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as might be pro- Duty in fuch

duced (according to the Rates aforefaid) from Five Sevenths of cafe how charged

the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, to which fuch

Still would otherwise be liable, and alfo with Duty for as much

more Spirits as might bt produced according to the faid Rates,

from all Walh, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which fuch

Diftiller (hall a&ually diftil within fuch Period of Four Weeks or

Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from

fuch reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as

aforefaid : Provided always, that every fuch Diililler (hall alfo, Six Notice alfo to

Days previous to the Commencement of any Period during which Com miffi oner*.

fuch Diftiller purpofes to work any Still or Stills in his Pofleifion

with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than

Turf not chaired, give Notice of fach his Intention to the Com-

miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and in default of giving every

fuch refpe&ive Notice, the Still or Stills of fuch Diftiller fo making

default (hall be fnbie& and liable to the full Number of Charges of Penalty.

Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of fuch Period.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Still Working with

in the Pofleifion of any Diftiller (hall at any time during any Period Coal, ac. after “ which	Diftiller JhaU have given Notice of working any fuch gg £££’to

Still of Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, fuii Number of chaired Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, every fuch Still Charges (hall be fubje& and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of fuch Period, any thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Diftiller (hall Coda, Ac. have given fuch Notice that he purpofes to work any fuch Still or after " Stills in his Pofleifion, during any Period with Turf only as afore- Notice ofwork-faid, it (hall not be lawful for fuch Diftiller to have or keep within ki* with Turf his Diftillery or any Premifes conne&ed therewith, at any time during only, forfeited, fiich Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred ; and

if, during any fuch Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred (hall be found within the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, or within any Premifes conne&ed therewith, all fuch Coal or other Fuel (hall be forfeited and may be feized, and the Diftiller within whole Diftillery or other Premifes fuch Coal or other Fuel (hall be found, (hall forfeit the Sum of T wo hundred Pounds; and fuch Penalty. Diftiller (hall alfo be fubje& and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the faid Period, for and in relpe& of ev	^ ill in his Diftillery, which (hall by Law be

confidered as w<	without any Allowance whatever, for or ia

Oo4

refpe&

568

C.lll.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1816-

refpeft of the Ufe of Turf therein, and as’ if every fuch Still had been worked with Coal during fuch Period.

Where an Of* X. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful fice for granting for the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, from limits is not time to time to order and dire ft that all Spirits diftilled m the mMnmtoT I>iftilleiT of ™y Diftille* in Ireland, in fuch Cities, Towns or order Spirit* to Places, wherein an Office for granting Permits fhall not be be warehoufed. eftablifhed, and as fhall be mentioned and fpecified in any Order to be made by the faid Commiflioners for that Purpofe, fhall be depofited in His Maiefty’s Warehoufes or Stores, and that no Spirits diftilled in fuch Diftillery fhall be fent out of fuch Diftfllery to any Place whatever except to'Hia Majefty’s Warehoufe or Stores, and that no fuch Spirits fhall be fold, difpofed of or delivered by fuch Difliller to any Perfon or Perfons, until the fame fhall be ware* houfed in fuch Warehoufe or Stores, uoder the Regulations required by Law, or fuch other Rules and Regulations as the faid Com-miffioners fhall from time to time make for that Purpofe ; and that from and after the time when fuch Order or Direftion of fuch Commiflioners fhall be fo made, it fhall not be lawful for fuch DiftiHer

to fend any Spirits out of his Diftillery or Stores contrary to fuch Order, on Pain of Forfeiture of all fuch Spirits, and of the Cafks or Vefleis in which the fame fhall be contained, and the fame fhall In what cafe and may he feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and it fhall only Permit to not be lawful for any Officer to grant any Permit for the Re-be granted for moval of fuch Spirits from the Diftillery or Stores of fuch Difliller, Removal of fuch cxoept to fuch Warehoufe, anything in any A ft or Afts to the ^nt8,	'	contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

4 XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the further Encourage-

*	ment of Diftillers licenfed to keep Stills of or under One hundred 4 Gallons Content, that Spirits diftilled in any fuch Still fhould be

*	allowed to remain in His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores for a

*	longer Period than Four Calendar Months, without Payment of 4 any Sum of Money after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum, 4 on the Amount of the Duties on fuch Spirits ;* Be it therefore

Spirit* diftilled	enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, any Spirits

from Stills of or which fhall have been or fhall be made or diftilled in any Still of under xooGal- or under One hundred Gallons Content, and which fhall have been bm* toremain^ or fhall he warehoufed purfuant to Law in any of His Majefty’s ■n^Period with- Warehoufes or Stores in Ireland, fhall and may remain in any fuch out Payment of Warehoufes or Stores for any Period without Payment of any fuch xo per Cent of Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds J>er Centum aforefaid, for or in Duty.	refpeft of fuch Spirits upon the taking of the fame out for Home

Confumption ; and that it fhall not be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, to order any fuch Spirits to In what Quan- be fold at the Expiration of fuch Period of Four Months; and that tine* Spirit* may ^ fhall and may be lawful for the Difliller or other Proprietor of Homc'con- °f anY Spirits to take fuch Spirits out of Warehoufe for Home fumption. Confumption, in any Quantity not lefs than One hundred Gallons, any thing in any Aft or Afts in force to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.

Spirits from	XII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing

Stills exceeding 0f thi8 Aft it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Remain in Ware- 1°^^ Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and Vo ufe beyond they are hereby rtfpeftively authorized, upon Application made to

them

56° GEO. III.

C.111.

569

them for that Purpofe, to allow any Spirits which (hall have been or (hall be made or diftilled in any Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, and'which (hall have been or (haO be warehoufed purfuant to Law, in any of His Maiefty’s Warehoufes or Stores in Ireland^ to remain in any fuch Warehoufe or Stores, for any Period of time beyond fuch Period of Four Calendar Months, as to the faid Commiffioners (hall feem fitting or expedient, and without Pay* ment of any fuch Sum after the Rate oi Ten Pounds per Centum aforefaid, for or in refpe& of fuch Spirits upon the taking of the fame out for Home Confumption.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon whatever in Ireland (hall have in his or her Cuftody or Pofiemon at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the palling of this A61, any Spirits in any Quantity whatever, the full Duties chargeable whereon (hall not have been paid, or any Spirits in any Quantity exceeding One Gallon, which (hall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with a proper Permit or Permits to him, her or them, every fuch Perfon aforefaid (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and upon the Trial of any Information for the Recovery of the faid Penalty, the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Information (hall be cenvi&ed, unlefs due Proof (hall be made by fuch Defendant or Defendants, that the full Duty on fuch Spirits had been duly paid, or that fuch Spirits were bought by or for fuch Defendant or Defendants, and received from a licenfed Diftiller, or fome Perfon licenfed to fell Spirits, or that the fame were attended with proper Permit or Permits to fuch Defendant or Defendants, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Diftiller before he (hall commence the working of any Still or Stills in any Year, and fo in like manner before he mall recommence the working of any Still or Stills after any Difcontinuance thereof, (hall in addition to the re-fpe&ive Notices which he is by Law required to give of fo commencing or recommencing to work, to the Colle&or of the Diftri&, and the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, give Six Days’ Notice in Writing to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, fetting forth the Day and Hour when fuch Diftiller (hall intend to commence or recommence to work any fuch Still refpe&ively, as the cafe may be, and any Diftiller who (hall commence or recommence the working of any Still without having given fuch Notice to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, (hall for each fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

• XV. And Whereas in and by an A& paffed in the Forty fixth

*	Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide

*	for the regulating and fecuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits 1 diJHlled in Ireland, and the IVarehoufing offuch Spirits for Extort-4 ationf it is amongft other things ena&ed, that if any Diftiller ‘ who (hall have dffcontinued the working of any Still in manner

<	mentioned in the faid A&, (hall intend to fet at work again fuch

*	Still fo difeontinued, fuch Diftiller (hall give the feveral and re-

<	fpe&ive Notices dire&ed and appointed by the faid A&, fpecifying 4 the Day and Hour on which he intends fo to recommence the ‘ working fuch Still, and that fuch Day (hall be on fome Monday

1 not

the Period of Four Months -without fuch Payment.

Perfons having Spirit* in Poffef-fion for which Duty has not keen paid, or having any Quantity exceeding a Gallon without a Permit. -Penalty.

Diftillers before commencing the working of any Still to give Six Days’ Notice to Commiffioners.

Penalty.

46 G.3. c. 88.

§45-

570

C. 111.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Coramiftioners miy permit Dif-tilleri to recommence the Working of Stills any Monday provided there are Four Weeks previous to the 19th September.

Recommencing In left then Four Weeks from Difcontinuance without Permif-fiotu

DifHUezs not to work SdUs beyond Four Weeks chuged.

Officer to fatten of Stills.

*	not left than Four Weeks diftant from the time of the laft Difcon-€ tinuance of the Working of fuch Still: And Whereas it may be

*	expedient in certain cafes to allow Diftillers to recommence the

*	working of any Still on fome other MondayBe it therefore ena&ed, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the Cosnmvf-fioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, to permit or allow any DiftiUer to recommence the working of any StiB upon any Monday, although fuch Monday may not be Four Weeks diftant frons the time of the laft Difcontinuance of the working of fuch Still, provided that fuch Monday (hall be the Commenoonat of fome whole Period of Four Weeks previous to the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, and provided alfo that fpecwl Application ihall be for that Purpofe made by fuch Diftiller to the fad Commiflioners Ten Days at leaft before the Day of fuch Recommencement, and upon good and fufficient Caufe (hewn, and that fuck Diftiller (hall give Six Days’ Notice of his Intention of his being de-iirous of fo recommencing to work to the Colle&or or other Officer in charge of the Colle&ion of the Diftri&, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the DiftiUery of fuch Diftiller; and it Ihall and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller after having obtained the Perauffian Or Allowance of the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, far that Purpofe, and having given fuch Notice as aforefaid to the Colle&or, Surveyor and Gauger as aforefaid (but not otherwife), to recommence the working ofany Still or Stills accordingly on the Monday mentioned in fuch his Application and Notice as aforefaid, and no other Day (hall be mentioned in any fuch Application or Notice than fome Monday which (hall be the Commencement of fome whole Period of Four Weeks previous to the Twenty ninth Day of Stp-tembtr, and every fuch Diftiller (hall in fuch cafe be changed and chargeable, and mall pay Duty in all refpe&s as if fuch Monday of (b recommencing to work had been Four Weeks diftant from the time of the laft Difcontinuance to work fuch Still, anything in the faid recited A& of the Forty (ixth Year aforefaid, or in any other A& to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Diftiller (hall recommence the working of any Still on any Day which (hall be left than Four Weeks diftant from the time of the laft Difcontmuanse of fuch Still, unlefs and until fuch DiftiUer (hall have firft had and obtained fuch Permiffion or Allowance aforefaid for that Purpofe from the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, every fuch Diftiller who (hall fo recommence contrary hereto (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever it (hall happen that any Still in the DiftiUery of any Diftiller (hall be chargeable as working under any A& or Acts in force in Inland for the regulating the Distillation of Spirits, and fccuring the Duties on Spirits diftilkd in Inland, for any Period of Four Weeks ending on the Firft Day of September, or on any Day fubfequent to the faid Day, and before the Twenty ninth Day of fuch Month of September in any Year, it (haU not be lawful for the DiftiUer to continue to work fuch Still at any time beyond the End of fuch Period of Four Weeks, but the working of fuch Still (haU be difeontinoed at the End of fuch Period of Four Weeks, whether any Notice (haU have been given for that Purpofe or not t and it (hall be lawful for the Officer of Exdfe in

charge

56° GEO. III.

C.111.

571

charge of fuch Diftillery to ftrap down and fatten the Head of every fuch Still; and to proceed in all other refpe&s as if Notice of the Difcontinaance of the working of fuch Still had been given by the Diftiller in manner required by Law in all cafes of difcontinuing the working of any Still; and it at any time after the End of the faid Soils found at Period of Four Weeks, and before the faid Twenty ninth Day of Work after fuch September, any fuch Still or Stills (hall be found at work in the Dif- °f l01** tillery of fuch Diftiller, fuch Diftiller (hall be charged and chargeable ph.c* d l°itu ^ with the Duty payable in refpe£t of the (aid Still for a full Period of Duty.

Four Weeks next enfuiag the Day upon which the working of fuch Still ought to have been difcontinuea as aforefaid, and the Officer in charge of fuch Diftillery (hall make fuch Weekly Return or Returns during fuch Part of the faid Period of Four Weeks as (hall elapfe at any time previous to the Twenty ninth Day of fuch Month of September, as is required by Law in cafes where any Still (hall be chargeable as working; and fuch Officer (hall alfo, within Ten Days next after the Twenty ninth Day of fuch Month of September, mace a Return to the Colle&or of the Diftri& of a Charge upon fuch Diftiller of all fuch Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprifed in. any fuch previous weekly Return or Returns, (Kali amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller (hall be chargeable with Duty in refpedk of fuch Still, for a full Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and fuch Diftiller (hall pay the Duty appearing by inch Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Six Days after fuch Return and Charge (hall have been made, or (hall for any Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty fo returned and charged, although it may happen that the Licence of fuch Dif* tiller may have expired on the {aid Twenty ninth Day of September, and although fuch Still (hall not have been a&ually at work at any time after itich Twenty ninth Day of September.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\ from time to time to make fuch Regulations as they (hall think fit, to afeertain and authorise the Amount of the Allowance or Dedu&ion to be made out of any Charge of Duty arifing from the Decreafe of any Wa(h or Pot Ale, for or in refpeft of any Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings which may remain on Hand in the Diftillery of any Diftiller at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still of fuch Diftiller (hall be chargeable as working in proportion to the Content of any fuch Still refpeltively $ and that it mall not be lawful for aYiy Officer to make any Allowance or Deduction whatever from any fuch Charge of Duty on any Diftiller for or in refpeft of any Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings which may remain on Hand at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which thle Still of any Diftiller (hall be chargeable as working, nor (hall any Diftiller be entitled at any time to any fuch Allowance or Dedu&ioft from any fuch Charge of Duty, other than fuch Allowance and Deduction as (hall be fo afeertained and authorised by the faid Commiffioners, from time to time, in proportion to the Contents of the Still as aforefaid, except as is hereinafter provided with refpe& to the weekly Charges on Tech Diftiller.

Penalty.

Allowances in refped of Decreafe of Wafh and of Low Wines in Hand at Expiration of Four Week*.

XIX. Aad

C.lll.

56" GEO. I1L

A.D. 1816.

Spirits exceeding Proportions herein ftated to pay full Duty.

How Allowance made in refpe£t of Decreafe ef Waih and Singlings in Hand.

Officer to make Charges from Entries of Officer he fucceeded.

So much of any A£t as relates to Delivery of Account of Malt maihed, or as requires the Ufe of a Quantity of Malt in proportion to a Quantity ef Spirits, lie. repealed.

XIX.	And be it further enafted* That if any Diftiller (hall make, diftil, extrad or produce any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of Waft or Pot Ale decreafed, or exceeding the Proportion of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Low Wines or Singlings decreafed, every fuch Diftiller (hall be charged with and (hall pay the full Excife Duty for all fuch Spirits fo produced exceeding the I refpedive Proportions aforefaid.

XX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Officer of Excife, in making up the Charge againft any Diftiller for any Week of any Period or Four Week* (lave and except the Charge for the laft Week of any fuch Period) upon the Decreafe of Wain or Pot Ale, to make an Allowance to fuch Diftiller for or in refped of the Quantity of Singlings remaining on band at the Expiration of fuch Week, (fave fuch Laft Week as aforefaid,) by deducing from the Charge of fuch Wafh cm* Pot Ale the Amount of a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of fuch Singlings fo remaining on hand as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Officer in charge of the Diftillery of any Diftiller (hall be removed from the fiune, or (hall die, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers who (hall fucceed the Officer who (hall be fo removed, or ' (hall die, to make out and'return any Charge againft fuch Diftiller, from the Books and Papers kept and Entries made by fuch Officer who (hall be fo removed or (hall die, relating to fuch Diftillery, and

to the State thereof, and every fuch Charge fo made out and returned from fuch Books, Papers or Entries, (hall be a Charge on fuch Diftiller, who (hall pay the Duties fo charged and returned, under and fubied to the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as if fuch Books, Papers and Entries were the Books, Papers and Entries of the Officer who (hall make fuch Charge, and as if fuch Officer had been placed over fuch Diftillery at the time fuch Entries had been made.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, fo much and fuch Parts of any Ad or A£b in force in Ireland^ at the time of the paffing of this A61, as relates to or requires any Diftiller to produce and deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt mafhed or brewed by fuch Diftiller, or to verify the fame on Oath or Affirmation, or as requires any Diftiller to ufe a Quantity of Malt in proportion to the Quantity of Spirits with which he (hall be chargeable in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, or as impofes any Penalty againft fuch Diftiller, for any Deficiency of fuch Quantity of Malt, or as relates to the Application of any fuch Penalty, or to the Payment of any Sum or Duty for or in refped of any fuch Deficiency by any Diftiller, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, fave and except fo far as may concern the profecuting, fuing for, recovering or levying any Fine or Penalty which (hall have been or may be incurred under the faid Ads, or any of them, *t any time before the paffing of this Ad; and fave and except fuch Parts of fuch Ad or Ads as repeals or repeal any Provifion or Frovifions in any former Ad or Ads relating to any fuch Account, or to the Ufe of any fuch Quantity of Malt, or to any Penalty in refped thereof, or to the Payment of

any

56° GEO. III.

B1%

A.D.1816.

C.1U.

any Sum or Duty for or in refped of any fuch Deficiency by any Diftiller. -\

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon who (hall be duly licenfed to keep an Hotel within the City of Dublin, or within One Mile of the faid City, to have and obtain at his Defire, a Licence to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine,- Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, within fuch Hotel, and to be ufed and confumed therein only,, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only and no more ; fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral Rules and Regulations with refped to the obtaining fuch Licence, as are contained and direded in and by an Ad made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to grant certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Excifcable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon fuch Licences, and to fecure the Payment of fuch Excife Duties, and to regulate the iffuing of fuch Licences, and to difcourage the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for the amending the faid laft recited Ad, or for regulating the granting of fuch Licences : Provided always, that no Keeper of fuch Hotel, who (hall be fo licenfed on the Payment of Seven Pounds only, (hall fell or deliver any fuch Liquors to any Perfon for Sale, in any other manner than to be ufed and confumed within fuch Hotel by the Lodgers or Inmates of fuch Hotel, and (hall not be entitled to vend or fell,, nor (hall vend, fell or fend out any fuch Spirituous or other Liquors to any Perfon not being a Lodger or an Inmate of fuch Hotel, upon pain that every Perfon fo licenfed and fo vending, fending out and felling fuch Spirituous or other Liquors contrary to this Ad, (hall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and (hall be liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Perfon or Perfons are fubjed under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful for every Perfon to have and obtain at his Defire, a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, within the Town of Ballinafloe, and within One Mile of the Market Houfe or Market Place therein, on Payment of the Sum of Eleven Pounds only, and no more, any thing in the faid laft recited Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, or in the Schedule thereunto annexed, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for amending the faid Ad, or for regulating the granting of fuch Licences, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding, fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral Rules and Regulations with refped to the obtaining fuch licence, as are contained and direded in and by the laid recited Ads or any of them.

• XXV. And Whereas by the faid Ad made in the laft Seffion * of Parliament, intituled An Ad to grant certain Duties of Excife 4 upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, 4 and upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Excifcable Commodities in 4 Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon fuch Licencest and 4 to fecure the Payment offuch Excife Duties, and to regulate the iffuing

Hotel Keepers in Dublin may take out a Licence to retail Spirits, Wine, Beer, &c. paying 7h

55 & 3- c.19.

Sale of Liquors limited to the Inmates of the Hotel.

Penalty.

Licences may be taken out for Sale of Liquors in Ballinafloe, on Payment of ill.

55 0.3. c. 19. 5 47*

57*

C. 111.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Meaning of the Words M Market Town” explained.

Juftices may fummon before them Perfont charged with felling Liquors without Licence.

Convi&ion.

Penalty.

Penalty not paid.

Tmprifoomcnt.

Former Ails relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits extended to A€t.

4 of fuch Licences, and to &fcourage the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous 4 Liquors in Inland; it is among other things ena&ed, that it (hall 4 be lawful for any Perfon in any Place m Ireland, where the 4 Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liquors is Ele-‘ ven Pounds only, (fuch Place not being fituate within any Market 4 Town, or within One Mile thereof,) to obtain fuch Licence on 4 Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds: And Whereas Doubts

*	may arife as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words 44 Market

*	Town9 Be it declared and ena&ed, That the faid Provifion in the faid recited A& fhall extend to fuch Towns only in which a Weekly Market is a&ually holden throughout the Year s and that in Places fituate within any Town where a Weekly Market is not fo actually holden, fuch Licence may be granted on Payment of the faid Sum of Seven Pounds in the (aid Aft mentioned.

XXVL And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland, within his Jurifdi&ion, to fummon any Perfon charged with having fold any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglio or Mead by Retail without Licence, and to require, by the Summons to be iffued, the Perfon fummoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a Licence in force to fuch Perfon for felling fuch Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and in cafe fuch Perfon fo fummoned (hall not appear, upon Proof on Oath made of the Service of fuch Summons or if fuch Perfon (hall appear and (hall not produce a proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by Retail (uch Spirituous and other Liquors, then fuch Juftice (hall examine on Oath fuch Witneft or WitnefTes as (hall appear before him, which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and empowered to admintftcr; and if Proof (hall be made before fuch Juftice, or if it (hall appear by the Confeffion of the Party that fuch Perfon did fell Spirituous Liquors, or any of fuch Liquors aforefaid, at any time within Two Months previous to the iffuing of fuch Summons then fuch Juftice (hall convi& the Perfon charged with having fold fuch Spirituous or other Liquors of fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon (hall be liable and fnbjc& to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds *nd not left than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice, (exdufive of any other Penalty or Forfeiture to which fuch Perfon may by Law be liable to, or fubje& for fuch Offence,) and fuch Juftice (hall adjudge fuch Perfon fo convi&ed to forfeit fuch Sura accordingly. One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Pari(h where fuch Offence (hall have been committed, for the Ufe of the Poor therein; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Sum which fuch Perfon (hall be fo adjudged to have forfeited (hall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon fuch Coa-vi&ion, fuch Offender (hall be committed to Gaol by fuch Juftice, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not left than One Calendar Month, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

XXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That all and every the Claufes, Rules Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, preferibed, mentioned and contained in any A& or A&s of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or fecuring the Colle&ion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland* (hall be applied and put in pra&ice in the Execution of this A&, as fully and effe&ually to all Intents and Purposes whatfoever, as if al! the

Claufes,

56° GEO. Ill,

C.11L

515

Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the faid Ads, or any of them, had been ex-prefsly repeated and reenaded in this Ad, and made applicable to the Provifions herein contained, except fo far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads, and that the faid Ads and this Ad (hall be conftrued together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fo far as the fame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the faid Ads are amended and altered by this Ad.

XXVIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflided by this Ad (hall be paid and recovered in Britifh Currency, and (hall and may be fued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwife is provided, in fuch manner and Form, and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities, as are prefcnbed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the SecOqd, intituled An AS for fettling of the Excife or new Impofi upon HisjMajeJly, bis Heirs and Succeffors, according to the jBook of Kates therein inferted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty (ixth Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled An AB to provide for the better Execution of the federal Ads relating to the Kevenuest matters and things, under the Management of the Com-miffionere of Cujhms and Port Duties, and the Commtjftoners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, m fully and effedually to all Intents, Conltru&ions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and ex prefled and reenaded in this Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ads, or any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty’a Revenue of Excife, is provided.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad, fo far as the fame relates to or concerns the Charges impofed on any Still or Stills by this Ad, (hall commence and take effed on the Monday Three Weeks next after the palling thereof, with refped to all Stills as to which fuch Monday fhall be the Commencement of fome Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any fuch Still or Stills (ball be chargeable by Law as working ; but where fuch Monday Three Weeks next after the paffing of this Ad (hall not be the Commencement of fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any Still or Stills (hall be chargeable aa working, then this Ad (hall commence and take effed with refped to fuch Still or Stills on the firft or next Monday after the Monday Three Weeks next after the palling of this Ad, which (hall be the .Commencement of a Period ot Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which any fuch Still or Stills (hall be chargeable by Law as working.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall, five and except as herein otherwife provided, commence and take effed from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

Recovery and Application of Peualries.

Z4 k is Car. ». («•)

46 G. 3. c. iod.#

Charges on Stills when to commence.

Commencement of Aft.

Aft may be altered, See.

TABLE

5*76

C.111,112.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.l 816.

IJnHcenfed Per-font having Wilh or Singlings, and being Owners, &c. of unlicenfed Stills.

TABLE referred to by this Aft.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits prodnceable wherefrom any Diftiller in Ireland fhall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in refpeft of every Still of fuch Diftiller being of the feveral Contents following ; that is to fay.

Contents of the Still.		Number of Charges.
3,000 Gallons and upwards		IOO
3,000 not lefs than	*>7So	105
2,750	Moo	,o5
2,500	2*250	' no
2,250	2,000	fI5
2,000		118
«»7S°	M00	
1,500	1*250	130
1,250	1,000	140
1,000	750	156
750	500	172
500	400	198
400	300	222
3°° _ •	200	248
200 and exceeding	100	276
Not exceeding 100 and exceeding	6S	90
Not exceeding 65 and not lefs than -	44	120

CAP. CXH.

An Aft to make certain Provifions for modifying the feveral Afts for impofing and levying of Fines, in refpeft of unlawful Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	[ill July 1816.]

•	'IX J HE REAS it is expedient to make certain Provifions for

•	V t regulating the impofing Fines in refpeft of illicit Diftillation

•	of Spirits in IrelandBe it therefore cnafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the padding of this Aft it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon in Ireland% outer than a Perfon duly licenfed as a Diftiller or Brewer, to have or keep in his or her Cuftody or Pofleffion any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale (except for the Purpofe of being made into Beer for the private Ufe of fuch Perfon, Proof of which fhall lie on fuch Perfon), nor for any Perfon other than a licenfed Diftiller, to have or keep in his or her Cuftody or PolTeilion any Low Wines or Singlings whatever; and that it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon to be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Proprietor, of any Still, other than fuch Perfon as (hall be a licenfed Diftiller or Partner of fuch licenfed Diftiller, or a Brazier duly licenfed to make or repair Stills, or Perfon otherwife duly authorized by Law; and that it fhall not be lawful for any Perlon to have,

receive

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. IIL

C. 112.

577

receive t>r derive any Benefit, Ufe, Profit or Advantage, of or from any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still kept, ufed and worked in any Place not being the Diftillery of a Di(tiller duly licenfed, or of or from any Worts, Wafli, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, made, brewed, fermented or diftilled in any Place not being the Diftillery of a Diftiller duly licenfed ; and if any Perfon (hall at. any time after the patting of this Aft have or keep in his or her. Cuftody or Poffettion any Worts, Wafti, Low Wines or Singlings,. qt (hall be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Proprietor of any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still, or (hall have, receive of derive any Benefit, Ufe, Profit or Advantage of or from any Still, Still Head or Worm of a Still, or of or from any Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits contrary to the Provifions of this Aft, every fuch Perion (hall be deemed and taken to. be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace within his Jurifdiftion, on Information on Oath pf any fuch Offence, to iflue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit fuch Perfon to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by. due Courfe of Law; and in cafe any Indiftment (hall be found againft fuch Perfon or Perfons, he, (he or they (hall plead thereto without having time to traverfe the fame; and it (hall be lawful for the Court before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tried and convifted, to inflift fuch Puniftiment on fuch Perfon or Perfons, for the firft Offence, as may by Law be inflifted on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanor, and for the Second Offence, to fentence fuch Perfon fo convifted to be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years, or inftead thereof it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to in did. either for the firft or further Offence fuch Puniftimcnts as are re-fpeftively hereinafter provided.

4 II. And Whereas from the great Number of diffolute and dif-

*	orderly Perfons who have been convifted and imprifoned for the

*	Offence of carrying on illicit Diftillation, many of the Gaols in € Ireland are fo crowded as not only very much to endanger the f Health of the Prifoners, but alfo to mcreafe the Depravity of their

*	Morals; and it is therefore expedient under certain Regulations 4 to provide other Places of Confinement for them : And Whereas 4 it will. tend to avoid the crowding of Gaols, and alfo to the Re-

*	formation of fuch Offenders, that they fhould be employed, under 4 certain Regulations, on Works for the Benefit of the Rivers and

*	Harbours of Ireland;* Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the patting of this A61, whenever any Perfon (hall be convicted of a Mifdemeanor under this Aft, or any other A6t or Aft a for the Supprettion of illicit Diftillation in Ireland, or (hall be con-vifted of any Offence under this Aft, or any of the faid Afts, for which he (hall be liable to be tranfported, it (hall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any fuch Perfon (hall. be fo convifted, if fuch Court (hall think fit, in the Place of any other Puniftiment for fuch Mifdemeanor, or in the Place of fuch Puniftiment. by Tranfportation, to order and adjudge that fuch Offender, appearing to be of competent Age and free from any bodily Infirmity, /hall be puniftied by being kept for fuch Term, not exceeding Two Years, in cafes of any Firft Offence, and not exceeding Five Years in cafes of any Second 91; further Offence, as fuch Court (hall think fit, tq

; 5a.QEo/irI.	P p	‘	'order

Mifdemeanor,

Firft Offence.

Puniftiment.

Second Oftfcnce. Puniftiment.

Perfon* convift-ed of Offences againft Ads for Suppreiiion of illicit Diftillation ' may be confined Oil board Hulks/ and employed in cleanfing tne Riven and Harbours.

Second Offenc*

GL112.

5»*GEO.in,

AJX1816.



Wi*i Offenders conviffed on Evidence of Inhabitant,

Court to impofe One Half only of the Fine.

older an d adjudge on board any Ship, Hulk or Veflfcl, properly accommodated for the Security, Employment and Health of the Portions to be confined therein, and by being employed in hard Labour in the railing Sand, Soil and Grarel from, and cleanfing any River in Ireland navigable for Ships of Burthen, or any Port,

- Harbour or Haven in Ireland, fuch River, Port, Harbour or Haven being previously approved and appointed for that Purpofe by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ireland, and His Majefty’s Privy Council of Ireland, or in any other Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of any fuch River, Port, Harbour or Haven, or in any other public Works upon the Bank* or 8horea of any fuch River, Port, Harbour or Haven, under the Management and Dirc&km of fuch Superintendent or Superin-teadants as (ball be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and under fuch Rides, Regulations and Directions as fhaU from time «e time be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and His Majefty’s Privy Council of Mood, for the carrying fuch Punishment into effiefi.

III.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Pterion (hall be convided at any Affizes of any Offence declared by this Aft, or any other Ad or Ads in force for the Snppreffion of Htidt Diftil-ktion in Ireland, to be a Mifdemeanor, upon the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Cuftoms or Excife) of the Townlaad, Diftrid, Divifion or Place where fuch Offcnee was com* mitted, the faid Inhabitant (or any other fuch Inhabitant) having previously given Information on Oath before a Jufticeof tie Pence of the County where fuch Offence was committed, at any time before the Firft Day of fuch Affixes, die Court before whom fuch Con-vidion Shall be had Shall fine fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place in one Half only of the Stun which by Law fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place would be fubjed to, provided that finch Convidion Shall be had at the fame Affizes at which the Fine Shall be fought to be impofed on fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place | and fuch Court Shall in fuch cafe alfo fufpend the levying of fuch Half of fuch Fine for the Term or Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Firft Day of fuch Affizes ; and in cafe no Fine Shall be impofed on fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place, for or on account of any Offence committed againft any Ad or Ads for the Suppreffion of illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, within fuch Twelve Calendar Months next after the Firft Day of fuch Affizes, then fuch Half of fuch Fine fo impofed and fulpended as aforefaid Shall be altogether remitted, and Shall not be levied off fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always, Twtto Months, that if any Fine Shall be impofed on fuch Townland, Diftrid, Dm-fion or Place, for or on account of any fuch Offence which Shall be committed within fuch Twelve Calendar Months a* aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe fuch Half of the Fine which Shall have been So impofed* and the levying of which Shall have been fafpended aa afore-fttd» Shall and may be forthwith levied in the Same manner and with th* tike Powers in all Refpeds, as any Fine may be levied under any Ad or Ads for the Suppreffion of illegal Diftiuation, in cafe* where a* Apploiment Shall have been made under feck Ad or Ads-

IV. And

Provifo.

And fufpend the levying thereof, which (hall be wholly remitted if the Townland, fcc. (hall not be fined for aiiy future Offence committed within a Year after. Pvovifo where Townland, Ac. fined within

AJX181&	56° GEO. III.	C.	112.

IV.	And be it further enaAed, That if on any Trial or Proceeding* at any Affizes, for the Purpofe of or relative to the irapofing of any Fine on any Townland, DidriA, Divifion or Place, for or on account of any unlicenfed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Apj>eadage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utenfil for (Milling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or ufed refpeAively in any Place within fuch Town-land, DidriA, Divifion or Place, in cafe it (hall be fatisfaAorily made to appear to fuch Court by due Proof, that Information in Writing on Oath was given to the Judice of the Peace, or Officer of Excife or Cuftoms refpeAively, redding neared the Place where the Offence (hall have been committed, by an Inhabitant (not being aa Officer of Cudoms or Excife) of fuch Townland, DidriA, Divifion or Place, which Information the faid Juftice and Officer are hereby authorized to take, of fuch unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm, or Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or ufed refpeAively in fuch Place within fuch Townland, Dif-triA, Divifion or Place, in confequence of which Information fuch Still or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, (hall have been feized, and fuch Trial or Proceedings (hall have been indituted; or if it (hall alfo in like manner be made to appear to fuch Court, that the Offender was tried and conviAed of fuch Offence on the Information and Evidence of fuch Inhabitant, or of fome other fuch Inhabitant of fuch Town-land, DidriA, Divifion or Place, then and in fuch cafe it (hall not be lawful for fuch Court at the faid Affizes to impofe any Fine whatever on fuch Townland, DidriA, Divifion or Place, for or on account of fuch Offence refpeAing which fuch Information (hall have been given, and fuch other Proceedings and ConviAion had as afocefaid, any thing in this A A or in. any other A A or A As to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall not be lawful for the Court at any Affizes to proceed to try or determine any Information far any Offence, on account whereof any Townland, DidriA, Divifion, Place or Houfe (hall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under any AA or AAs in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Ddbilarion, on the Commiffion Day or Fird Day of fuch Affizes; any thing in any fuch AA or AAs to the contrary notwithstanding': Provided always, that every fuch Court (hall and they are teceby required to try and determine all fuch Informations, and aU Iffuea and Traverfes, matters and things relating to or concerning fuch Informations, at fome time during the Continuance of fuch Affizet.

VI.	And be it further enaAed, That whenever any Officer of Cuffonu or Excife (hall find or difeovey any unlicenfed Still, or any Part oi a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singling*, for or in relpeA whereof the Perfon who (hall ufe or have the fame would be fubjeA to any Penalty or Punifhment, or the Town-lapd, DidriA, Divifion or Place within which the fame (hall be found cm u/ed would) be fobjpA to- any Fine or Penalty, every fuch, Office^ Audi and he ill heasby refpeAively required, within: Six Days after

P p 2	fuch

S7S

No Fine (hell be impof'd on my Townland, where Information of Offence is given by Inhabitant, and Still, &c. feised and Offender convi&ed thereon.

Informations for Still Fines not to be tried on the Firft Day of Affize.

Officer feixing any illegal Still, Sic. to give Notice to Collector of Excife in Diftridt, who (hall proceed in manner herein dir oiled.

C. l

56* GEO. III.

A.D.isie:

Collector to tranfmit Schedules of Notices to the Collector of Grind Jury Oefs, and give public Notice of Contents thereof

Defeft in refpedl of Notices Audi not vidate Proceedings on Trills for Fines,.

fuch Finding or Difcovery as aforefaid, to give Notice thereof in Writing to tne Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrid in which any fuch unlicenfed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Uteniil lor diftilling Spirits, or fuch Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been fo found or difcovered, fpecifying the particular Articles, and the time of the Finding or Difcovery of the fame, and fetting forth the Name of the Parifli, Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place in which the Place (hall be fituate, where fuch unlicenfed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil for diftilling, or fuch Warn, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been found or difcovered, and defcribing the Situation in fuch Pari(h,‘ Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place, and the particular Place in which fuch unlicenfed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil, Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been found or difcovered; and every fuch Colledor who (hall receive fuch Notice (hall Twice in every Month, that is to (hr, on or before the Second and Fourth Wednefday in each Month, tranfmit or caufe to he tranfmitted, to the Collector of the Grand Jury Cefs in each Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, within which the Place (hall be fituate where fuch unlicenfed Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil for diftilling, or Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been found or difcovered, an Abftrad or Schedule of all fuch Notices relating to any fuch Finding or Difcoverey, had within fuch Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, which fuch Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes (hall have received up to the Saturday next preceding fuch Wednefday ; and fuch Colledor of Grand Jury Cefa (hall, on the Saturday next after fuch Second and Fourth Wednefday refpedively, give public Notice of the Contents' of fuch Abftrad, by polling a Copy thereof, or caufing the fame to he pofted on or at the Church, Chapel, Meeting Houfe, Market Honfe or Market Place within the Barony or HalFBarony, or County of a City or Town within which the Place (hall be fituate, and which (hall be neared to the Place where fuch Offence was committed $ and fuch Collector of Grand jury Cefs (hall alfo from time to time, on Demand, produce fuch Abftrad to any Inhabitant of any fuch Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment df Grand Jury Cefs therein, who (hall require to fee and perufe the fame* at any reasonable time in the Day time, at the ufual Dwelling Place of fuch Colledor.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That on the Trial of any Information or other Proceedings for any Fine or Penalty againft any Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place, or for any Offence againft any Ad or Ads for the Suppreffion of illicit Difullation of Spirits, it (hall not be necefiary to prove or give in Evidence, that any fuch Notice had been given by the Officer of Cuftoms or Excife to the Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes, or that fuch Colledor had tranfmitted an Abftrad or Schedule of fuch Notice to the Colledor of Grand Jury Cefs, nor (hall any Omiffion or Negled in the giving any fuch Notice, or in traufmitting any Abftrad or Schedule of the fame, or in making the Contents of fuch Abftrad or Schedule known and public, nor mall any Defed in any fuch Notice or Ab* ftrad or Schedule, which (hall be given or tranfmitted, or any Variance between the fame, and any Information or other Proceeding

AJX1S16.

66* GEO.IIL

C. 112.

691

for or relating to any fuch Fine or Penalty, in any manner vitiate or xfteft fuch Information or other Proceeding, but every fuch Inform* arion or other Proceeding (hall and may be tried, had and determined in all refpefts, as if the Regulations herein contained relating to fuch Notice, Abftraft or Schedule had not been made.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Colleftor of Grand Jury Cefs (hall negleft or omit in any Inftance to make known and public the Contents of any fuch Abftraft or Schedule which (hall have been tranfmitted to and received by him, by polling a Copy thereof in manner aforefaid, or (hall wilfully negleft or refufe to produce fuch Abftraft to any Inhabitant of any Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cefs therein, on Demand of fuch Inhabitant at a feafonable time in the Day time, at the ufual Dwelling Place of fuch Colleftor, every fuch Colleftor (hall for every fuch Negleft or Refufal, or Omillion, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill at the Quarter Seffions of the Juftices of the Peace, in the proper County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, by any Perfon who (hall lue for the fame, and the Money recovered by fuch Civil Bill Stall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon fuing for the fame.

* IX. And Whereas in and by an Aft made in the Fifty fourth

*	Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to confolidate

*	and amend the Regulations contained in federal ASs of Parliament,

*	for impofing and levying of Fines upon Pari/bes, Town lands and other

*	Places, in refpeB of toe unlawful Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland,

*	the Parilhioners in Vcftry affembled are authorized to eleft One or

*	more Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of difcovering or profe-

*	curing all Offences againft any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for

*	the regulating and fecuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits

*	(Milled in Ireland: And Whereas it may tend towards effeftuaring g the Purpofes aforefaid if additional Powers were given to the

*	Perfon or Perfons fo elefted ;* Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, if they (hall deem it expedient fo to do, upon the Reprefentation of the Churchwardens of any Parilh in Ireland* to grant and ilTue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the rime being, a Commiffion commonly called a Preventive Commiffion, to each and pvery Perfon who (hall have been or (hall be fo elefted for the Pur-pofes aforefaid; and every fuch Perfon (hall have full Power and Authority to aft under fuch Commiffion; and all and every the Claufes, Regulations, Provifions, matters and things contained in any Aft or Afts, for the Proteftion of the Officers of the Revenue, (hall extend to and (hall be applied to and put in praftice with re-(peft to each and every fuch Perion afting in the Performance or Execution of his Duty under fuch Commiffion, as fully and effeft-ually in all refpefts as if fuch Claufes, Regulations, Provifions, matters and things were herein repeated and reenafted with regard to fuch Perfon or Perfons.

X.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful in all cafes for the Court before whom any Perfon (hall be tried and convifted of any Offence againft any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation, to order, upon the Requeft of the Frolecuter, the Treafurer of the County, County of a City

*	Pp	3	or

Colle&or of Grand Jury CgS negle&ing bit Duty.

Penalty.

Preventive

Commiffion may be iflued by CommHfioners of Excife, with Content of Lord Lieutenant, to Perfons appointed by Parities as ln-fpedors under J4G.3. C.IJO. to profecute for illegal Diftillation.

On Convidioo of Offender, Court may order Profecutor to be paid his Expenses.

-£8£

a ns.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.1S16.

%

to Clerk of Crown.

Grind Jury to prefent fuch Sixpences, to be Ip vied off Town-land, &C.

Illicit Spirits feized conveyed to Excite Stores, and there ipilled in Pretence of Collector and an Infpe&or of Ex-rife.

Reward to feiz-ing Officer.

Peribns keeping Kilns or Milk for drying or grinding Corn or Malt to dclhrei Account thereof to CoUe&or, who (lull register fame.

or County of a Town in which the Offence (hail be consulted, to pay unt6 fuch Profecutor fuch Sum of Money at to the faid Carnet null feem reafonable, for the Expencet and Lofs of time of lock Profecutor, which Order the Clerk of the Crown is hereby direded and required forthwith to make out and deliver to fuch Prdfecutnr, upon being paid for the fame the Sum of One Shilling, and no 1 more; and the Treafurer of the faid County, Town or City u hereby authorized and required forthwith to par to fuch Profecutor or other Perfon authorized to receive the fame, luch Sum of Money as afore-faid, and (hall be allowed the fame in his Accounts ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and every Affixes and Presenting Term, and they are hereby required to prefent all fuch Sums as fhatl have been fo paid by die Treafurer of the County, •County* of a City or County of a Town, under any fuck Order, and which (hall not have been previoufly prefeated; fuch Sums to be prefented, raifed and levied off the Townland, Dilnft, Divifion or Place in which the Offence (hall have been committed, in inch manner as any Presentment of a Grand Jury may be raifed and levied.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all Spirits which (hall hate been or (hall be feized, as having been illicitly made or diftilled, (hall, immediately upon the Seizure thereof, be conveyed to and departed in the Stores of the Colleftor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrift in which the fame (hall have been feized, or in the like Stores of the next neighbouring Diftrift to which the fuse can be conveniently conveyed; and the Strength and Quantity of fuch Spirits having been afeertained and taken an Account of, fuch Spirits (hall, after Condemnation thereof, be fpilled and effectually deftroyrd in the Prefence of the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of fuch Diftrift refpeftively, and of an Infpeftor General of Excife, or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiffiooeii (hall in that behalf order or direft; and that the Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfona feizing any fuch Spirits, (hall receive fuch Reoompence or Reward for feizing the fame as the (aid Com-miffioners (hall order and direct.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the paffing of this Aft, every Perfon who (hall keep any Kihi for the drying of any Cora, Grain or Malt, (hall, within One Calendar Month after beginning or continuing to keep fuch Kiln or Mill refpeftively, make out, ftga and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Gauger or other Officer in charge of the Walk in which fad) Kiln (hall be fituatc; and that every Perfon who (hall keep any Mill for the grinding of Corn or Grain or Malt, fhall make out, fign and deliver n Return or Account in Writing to the Colleftor of the Didrift in which fuch Mill (hall be fituated, fpecifying and describing m fuch Return or Account refpeftively the Name and Place of Abode of fuch Fexfoo, and the Place where fuch Kiln or Mill is refpeftively fituated ; and every fuch Perfon (hall caufe to be painted in Oil Colour, in Black upon a White Ground, or m White upon a Black Ground, on the Gut&de of the Door of or Place of Entrance to every fuch Kiln or Mill refpeftively, or on a Board to be affixed or etefted on (bine

confpicuout

56* GEO. lit

C.rii.



confpicuoos Part of the Outfide of foch Kiln or MtH refpedivdy, in legible Letters, at lead Three laches in Length, the Name and Surname of the Owner or Proprietor of fnch Mill or Kiln ; and every fach Ganger or Officer and Collector who (hall receive any fuch Return or Account refpedively (ball regifter the fame, and (hall grant a Certificate of fuch Account and Regiftry, by giving a Copy thereof figoed by him; and if any Perfon (hall keep any Kiln £br the drying of any Corn or Grain or Malt, or (hall keep any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, without having made out, Sgoed and delivered fuch Account as is by this Ad required, every fuch Perfon who (hall keep any fuch Kiln (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds $ and every Perfon who (hall keep any inch Mill (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all Corn or Grain or Malt which (hall be found in or on any fuch Kiln or Mill refpedively (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and if upon any luck Kiln or Mill the Name and Surname of the Proprietor thereof refped-ively (hall not be and remain fo painted and legible as aforefaid, the Perion to whom fuch Kiln or Mill refpedively (hall belong (hall for-fast the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That before any fuch Return or Account of any fuch Mill (hall be received, entered or regiftered by fuch Colledor, the Perfon who (hall keep fuch Mill (hall, with One or more fufficient Surety or Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to pay all fuch Fines or Penalties as fuch Perfon (hall cr may by Law be fubjed or liable to, for or on account of fuch Perfon having in his Mill any Malt for which fuch Perfon (hall not have or produce a proper Permit for the Removal thereof to fuch Mill as by Law required; and alfo conditioned that fuch Perfon (hall not receive or grind, or fuffer to be received or ground in fuch Mill any Malt whiro (hall not be attended by a proper Permit or Permits for the Removal thereof to fuch Mill.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife, at any time in the Day time to cuter and fearch any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, fituate in any Diftrid in Ireland** mentioned in any Notice which (hall have been or which (hall or may from time to time be given by the ,Cotnmiffionert of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irclandy of the putting into Execution in fuch Diftrid the Provifions of the Laws for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation; and if fuch Officer or Officers (hall not on Demand, within a reafonable time after foch Demand made at the Place of Abode of the Perfon keeping fuch Mill, obtain Admittance into fuch Mill, it (hall and may be lawful, for fuch Officer or Officers in the Prefence of a Conftable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby refpedively authorized and required to braiding and affifting therein, to break open and enter fuch Mill, and -every Store and Room therein, and make fearch for any Malt which inch Officer or Officers (hall or mar have reafonable or probable Caufe to fufped to be concealed or fraudulently depofited therein.

XV.	Aod be it further enaded, That no Gauger employed in the Service of the Excife (hall be entitled to receive nis Salary, or any Put thereof^ at any time from and after the Tenth Day of OBober One ihoolni eight mmdfed and fixtetn, unlefs and until fuch Gauge*

Pp *	(hall

*SS

Officer to give Certificate of Regiftry.

Keeping Kiln or Mill without de*» Uvering Account;

Penalty.

Penalty.

Name not poos: edon Kiln o» MUL

Penalty.

Perfona keeping Milla to enter into Bond to pay Penalties for having Malt without Permit*

If refuTed Admittance, Officers may break open Mills and fearch.

No Gauger to receive hit Salary, until ho dial] have fwofq Ast he had not

58*

C. 112.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

known or hat Information of any Offence in his Walk, of which Notice has not been given, and which has not been proceeded egainft

Notice to he given of Sale of Diftrefs for Town land Fines.

Provifo for Goods diftrained during Fair or Market*

(hail have made Oath, before the Colledor of Excife or other Officer in charge of the Colledion of the Diftrid in which fuch Gauger (hall be employed, which Oath every fuch Colledor or Officer in hereby authorized to adminifter, that from the time of the laft previous Payment of Salary to fuch Gauger, fuch Gauger hath not known, or hath not had or received any Information of any Spirituous Liquors having been fold by Retail without Licence in any Houfe within the Walk of fuch Gauger ; and that he hath not known, or hath not had or received any Information againft any Perfon diftilling, having or felling any Spirits which (hall nave been unlawfully made or diftuled in Ireland* or that if fuch Gauger hath known or had Information of any fuch Offences, he hath duly communicated the Particulars of fuch his Knowledge or Information to fome one of his fuperior Officers, and that he hath alfo on his own Part endeavoured or ufed his utmoft Exertions to deted and punifh the Perfon or Perfons guilty or fuppofed to be guilty of any of the Offences aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That whenever -any .Diftrefs (hall be taken or made on the .Goods, Chattels or Effeds of any Inhabitants or Inhabitant of any Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place in Ireland, for or on account of any Fine or Fines, or for any Sun or Sums of Money applotted on any fuch Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in refped of any Fine or Fines impofed on fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place, under any Ad or Ads for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have taken and made fuch Diftrefs (hall keep the Goods, Chattels and Effeds fo diftrained, .until Twelve o’Clock at Noon of the Fourth Day next following the Day on which fuch Diftrefs (hall be made, before the fame (hau be fold and difpofed of, unlefs fuch Diftrefs (haH be fooner redeemed •by the Payment of fuch Fine,'or fuch Part thereof for which fuch Diftrefs (hall have been made; and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall give or caufe to be given public Notice in Writing of the time and Plxe of the Sale of fuch Diftrefs, fpecifying and describing in fuch Notice the Goods, Chattels and Effeds fo diftrained and intended to be fold; and fuch Notice (hall be pofted on the Door of the Church, Chapel or Meeting Houfe in and neareft to the Place where fuch Diftrefs (hall have been made, Two Days at leaft before the Day of Sale; and the reafonable Expences of keeping and detaining fuch Diftrefs, and of giving fuch Notice, (hall be paid out of the Produce of the Goods, Chattels and Effeds fo diftrained: Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful to fell and difpofe of any fuch Goods, Chattels or Effeds fo diftrained, during the time of any Fair or Market which (hall be holden on any Day on which fuch Diftrefs maybe made, or which may intervene between the Day of fuch Diftrefs and the Expiration of Four Days next afterwards, and although no Notice *of Sale (hall have been given as aforefaid.

1 XVII. Arid Whereas it is among other things enaded, by the

*	faid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s

*	Reign, that Notice (hall be pofted for the Purpofe of requiring «H 4 Perions liable to Grand Jury Cefs in any Townland/* Place, Diftrid

*	or Divifion, to meet to applot any Sum or Sums in which any fuch 4 Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion (hall have been fined, within

*	Ten Days after fuch Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion (hall

*	have been fo fined ; and it is expedient .that the time for pafting

*	fuch Notice (hould be enlarged;’ Be it. therefore, enaded*: That

from

A.D.1816.

£6* GEO. III.

C.lTfc

$8*

From and after the paffing of this Ad fuch Notice Hull and may be Notice for Ap. pofted at any time not lew than Twenty Days, and not more diftant Pfotn,ent of than Thirty Days, after the Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion {hall hare been fo fined, and that fuch fubfequent Proceedings /hall ^ Days * be bad upon and after fuch Notice for the applotting and levying of after they are any fuch Fine, as by the faid Ad are direded or required to be had* impofod. upon and after fuch Notice required to be polled within Ten Days by the faid recited Ad.

•	XVIII. And be it further enaded, That from and after the paff- OfTraverfer* rag of this Ad, whenever any Perfon (hall appear at any Affizes or under Presenting Term, to offer to controvert or prove any Fad allowed by j4 G* *

Law to be controverted or proved, for the Purpofe of preventing afe^J

any Fine from being impofed on any Townland, Place, Diftrid or Mii'demeanor. Divifion by way of Traverfe, in manner direded by the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, or any other Ad or Ads for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation ; it (hail and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown and every other Officer of the Court, or Jud^e at fuch Affizes or Prefenting Term, to a/k, demand, take or receive fuch Fees, as fuch Clerk of the Crown	.	.

and other Officer or Officers of the Court, or Judge, is or are bv Law entitled to a(k, demand, take and receive in cafes of Traverfe	-	*

on any Indidment for Mifdemeanor, and no greater or other Fees$ any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Expir- Power to Com-ation of Ten Days next after the paffing of this Ad, fo much of any miffionerstoap-.Ad or Ads made in the laft Seffion of Parliament for amending pointCoUe&ors the Several Ads relating to Fines in refped of unlawful Diftillation of in Ireland, whereby it is enaded or provided that it (hall be lawful for *epC4 .the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to appoint any Perfon or Perfona for the colleding and levying of fuch Fines in all or any of the Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns in Ireland,

/hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after Regulations for the Expiration of Ten Days next after the paffing of this Ad, it the Appointment /hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go-	Vs

-vernor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, whenever it (hall j^ord Lieutenant appear expedient to him or them fo to do, at his or their Difcretion, 0f Ireland, to appoint any Perfon or Perfons for the colleding and levying fuch Fines in all or any of the Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns in Ireland, and to order that Notice (hall be given by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Publication in the Dublin Gaxette, that it has been deemed expedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons for the levying and colleding of fuch Fines, and to require the Treafurer or Treafurers of any fuch Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns, which (hall be mentioned in fuch Notice ; and all and every Colledors and Colleftors em--Colle&or, and all and every Perfons and Perfon who (hall have been P0Wer** by

•	empowered by fuch Treafurer or by the faid Commiffioners of Inland

,Excife and Taxes, to deliver up, within fuch time as (hall be men- rai^f Jo'crf.* ■* tinned in fuch Notice, all and every Warrant and Warrants which kaort appointed (hall not at fuch time have been fully executed, to the Perfon or Per- by Lord Lieu-

•	fo&s who /hall be fo nominated, and appointed by the faid Lord Lieu- tenant.

.tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to receive and execute fuch Warrants t snd upon Demand made to him qt them for

a us.

56° GEO. III.

AD.1S1&

MS

Penalty.

Colled on appointed by Lord Lieutenant empowered to proceed.

that Purpofe by the Perfon or Perfoas, or any of them lb nominated tad appointed by the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, every fuch Treafurer, CoHedor or other Perfon fliafl deliver up all fnch Warrants accordingly, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which fuck Treafurer or Colledor or other Perfon (hall not, on fuch Demand made, fo deliver up $ and every fuch Perfon and Perfons fo nominated and appointed to receive and execute the faid Warrants, (hall and they are hereby refpedively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and Fines which (hall be mentioned in any fuch Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of t e faid Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Colle&ors of Grand Jury Cefs, or other Perfon to whom fuch Warrants had been granted or delivered, were empowered to exercife and might or could have executed the fame, and with all the like Remedies is

Penalties of oool. how recovered, See.

Lnvd Lieutenant empowered to invoke Appointment made oy Commif-fiemers.

Colled on appointed by Lord Lieutenant to be inftead of the ocher Colle&ors.

Commifffonets of Exrife, with Confent of rred-fury, may relieve Perfons from Pines on Town-lands.

cafe of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are prescribed by Law with refped to any Money to he levied under any Prefeat-tnent of a Grand Jury; and every fuch Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds (hall and may be recovered by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdidion (and which Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the fame) by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for tne fame; and in fuck Proceedings no EfToin, Protedion, Wager of Law nor more that One Imparlance (hall he allowed * and the Money recovered by inch Adion or other Proceeding (hall he applied, as to the One Half thereof, to and for the Ule of the Perfon fuing for the fame, and the other Half to and for the Ufe of the Infirmary of the County, or County of the City or Town, as the cafe may be; and in cafe k (hall feem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Or Governors of Ireland, to revoke or annul any Appointment which (hall have been made by the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife sad Taxes of any Perfon or Perfons to colled and levy any fuch Fines as aforefaid, it (hall he lawful for fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors fo to do, without appointing any otber Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe.

XX.	And he it further enaded, That every Perfon fo to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Goio* nors of Ireland, for the Colledion of fuch Fines, (hall ftsnd in dr Place and Stead of the Perfons appointed by the (aid Commiffioaers of Inland Excife and Taxes, and (hall have all fuch Powers and Authorities as the Perfons fo appointed by the faid Commiffioaers.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffim of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Infsad Excife and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Confent and Appto-bration, and under the Diredions of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland,) upon the Application of any Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment of Grand Jury- Cefe» in any Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion in Ireland, on which Fine (hall have been impofed under any Ad or Ads for the So] fion of illicit Di(filiation in Ireland, to grant fuch Relief to fuel fan or Perfons againft the Payment of fuch Fine, or any Part thereof, sb to the Commuftmers of Inland Excife and Tates (hall'feem ~

AJD.18I6.

56° GEO. IlL

C. 112, H3<

B$7

and expedient, and as (hall be approved of by the (judCoaniffioaers

for executing the Office of Lord High Treafuter of Inland* and under fuch Dire&ions and Regulations as the (aid laft mentioned Commiffioners (hall make in that behalf.

XXII. And be k further ena&ed, That all the Ckufes, Autho- Former Alb rities, Rules, Regulations and Provifions contained in the faid recited extended to AA. Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’* Reign, and alfo all the Claules, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in Two feveral Adis pafled in the lad Seffion of Parliament for amending the faid recited A& of the Fifty fourth Year, (hall be applied in the Execution of this Adi, as fully and effediuaUy as if the fame were repeated and reenadied in this Adi, except fo for as the fame are repealed or altered by this Adi, or by any other Adi or Ads, and that the laid Ads and this Adi (hall be conftrued to* gethcr as one Adi, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or inflided by this Ad (hall and may (in all cafes not otherwife pro-vidrd for) be fued for, recovered, levied and applied in fuch manner and Form, and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth 14 & 15 Car. %. Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, (L) intituled An AS for fettling the Exeife or new Impofi upon His Majefiy* his Heirs and Succefors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife or Cufioms in force in Ireland, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefTed, and reenaded in this Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ad of Exeife, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife in Ireland» is provided.

cap. cxra.

An Ad for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Britain, and for impofing other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ill July 1816.]

4 WHEREAS lt ™ ^pedient to repeal the feveral Duties and • VV Sums of Money now payable by Law for Licences for 9 retailing Beer or Ale, and Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Braitin%

9	and that feveral other Duties and Sums of Money (hould be im-9 pofed and made payable in lieu thereof $* Be it therefore rnaded, by The King’s Moft Exellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Cionfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight Doties on Li-hundred and (ixteen, the Duties and Sums of Money now payable by cences for rouil-Law for or in refped of Licences for retailing Beer or Ale, Cyder, in8 Spirits, Perry or Soirits, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed; fave and reP*a,ed» except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ivdy, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to anyone, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures

relating

and inftead thereof the following Duties*

On Beer Licences,

and on Spirits Licences.

Duties to be under Manage-

C.11S.	56" GEO.‘III.	A.D.1816.

relating thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and (izteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforefaid, and hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffon, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws is each cafe made and provided by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by fuch Retailers refpeftively, the feveral annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; that is to (ay,

Every Perfon who (hall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who fhaQ fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed in his, her or their Hode or Premifes, for every Licence to be taken out as aforefaid.

If the Dwelling Houfe in which fuch Perfon (hall, at the time of taking out fuch Licence, refide or retail Beer or Ale, or fdl Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed as aforefaid, (hall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Aft or Afta of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houfesat a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Two Pounds and Two Shillings :

If rated as aforefaid at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three ShiUings: If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards. Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of diftilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, shade Or diftilled from Brityb Materials in that Part of Great Bn-' ' tain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforefaid, If the Dwelling Houfe in which fuch Retailer (hall refide or retail fuch diftilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out fuch Licence, (hall not, together with . the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied,

. be rated under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Paris* ment, for granting Duties on inhabited Houfes, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Five Pounds and Five ShiUings:

‘ If rated as aforefaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings:

* If'at T wenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five ShiUings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight Pounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Tnirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty ( Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine ShiUings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling:

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

III.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the Duties by this Aft irapofed as (haU arife in that Part of Great Britain called Enr-

md

AJX1816.	56*	GEO.	III.	C.	118,114.

land (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife* in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall artfe in Scotland mall be under the Management of the .Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties and Sums of Money above mentioned, and hereby impofed and made payable as aforefaid, (hall and may be refpeftively railed, levied, collefted, an fwere d, paid, recovered and adjudged in fuch and the like manner,* and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Waya or Methods, by wnich the former Duties of Excife refpeftively, of the* fame kinds refpeftively, were or might be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the* Retailers and Perfons refpeftively before mentioned (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftriftions and Forfeitures, to which fuch Perfons hr general, and alfo to all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitures refpeftively, to which the like Perfons refpeftively were fubjeft or liable, by any A61 or A6b of Parliament m force immediately before the palfing of this Aft relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed again ft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Direftions therein contained, Audi and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in Execution, for and in refpeft of the. feveral Duties of Excife and Sums of Money hereby charged and made payable refpeftively, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid.Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties-or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft.

V- And be it forther enafted, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties and feveral Sums of Money by this Aft impofed and made payable as aforefaid, the neccffary Charges of railing and accounting for the (ameexcepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Weflminfter% and the faid Money fo paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

' VI* And be it further enafted. That this Aft or any of the Pro* vifiaas thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Aft to regulate the Conveyance of Paflengers from the

United Kingdom to the United States of America, in Briti/b

Veflels.	[ i ft July 181,6.J

*	\T7 HE REAS by an Aft paffed in the Forty third Year of the ‘ VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulate

*	ing the Vcjjele carrying Paffengers from the United Kingdom to,HU

*	Majefty7i Plantation! and Settlement! Abroad or to Foreign Part!, 4 with refpeQ to the. Number of fuch Pajftngen ; it was enafted,

•« that

589.

ment ifCotn-mifliouers of Excife.

Duties how levied.

Duties carried to

Coofolidated

Fund.

Ad nuy be altered, Ac. i .

43 O.3. c.56.

C. 112.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816;

Golleftor to tranfmk Schedules of Notices to the Collector of Grand Jury Oefs, and give public Notice of Contents thereof

Defeat in refped of Notices fliall not vitiate Proceedings on Trials for Fines..

flich Finding or Difcovery at aforefaid, to give Notice thereof in Writing to die Collect or of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrid in which any fuch unlicenfed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or fuch Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been fo found or difcovered, fpecifying the particular Articles, and the time of the Finding or Difcovery or the lame, and fetdng forth the Name of the Parifh, Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place in which the Place (hall be fituate, where fuch unlicenfed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil for diddling, or fuch Warn, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been found or difcovered, and defcribing the Situation in fuch Parifh,* Townland, Diftri&, Divifion or Place, and the particular Place in which fuch unlicenfed Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil, Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been found or difcovered $ and every fuch Colle&or who (hall receive fuch Notice (hall Twice in every Month, that is to (ay, on or before the Second and Fourth Wednefday in each Montn, tranfmit or caufe to be tranfmitted, to the Colle&or of the Grand Jury Cefs in each Barony or Half Barony, or County of a Town or City, within which the Place (hall be fituate where fuch unlicenfed Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or Utenfil for diddling, or Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been found or difcovered, an Abftra& or Schedule or all fuch Notices relating to any fuch Finding or Difcoverey, had within fuch Barony or Halt Barony, County of a Town or City, which fuch Colle&or of Inland Excife and Taxes (hall have received up to the Saturday next preceding fuch Wednefday ; and fuch Colle&or of Grand Jury Cefs (hall, on the Saturday next after fuch Second and Fourth Wed-nefday refpe&ively, give public Notice of the Contents'of fuch Abftra&, by potting a Copy thereof, or caufing the fame to be polled on or at the Church, Chapel, Meeting Houfe, Market Houfe or Market Place within the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City or Town within which the Place (hall be fituate, and which (hall be neared to the Place where fuch Offence was committed; and fuch Colle&or of Grand Jury Cefs (hall alfo from time to time, on Demand, produce fuch Abdra& to any Inhabitant of any fuch Barony or Half Barony, County of a Town or City, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cefs therein, who (hall require to fee and perufe the fame, at any reasonable time in the Day time, at the ufual Dwelling Place of fnch Colle&or.

VII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That on the Trial of any Information or other Proceedings for any Fine or Penalty againd any Townland, Didri&, Divifion or Plaice, or for any Offence againd any A& or A&s for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation of Spirits, it (hall not be neceflary to prove or give in Evidence, that any fuch Notice had been given by the Officer of Cudoms or Excife to the Colle&or of Inland Excife and Taxes, or that fuch Colle&or had trimftnitted an Abftra& or Schedule of fuch Notice to the Col-le&or of Grand Jury Cefs, nor (hall any Omiffion or Negle& in the giving any fuch Notice, or in tranfmitting any Abdra& or Schedule of the fame, or in making the Contents of fuch Abdra& or Schedule known and public, nor (nail any Defe& in any fuch Notice or Ab* ffra& or Schedule, which (hall be given or tranfmitted, or any Variance between the fame, and any Information or other Proceeding

for

JLD.1S16.

66* GEO. III.

am.

581

For or relating to any fudh Fine or Penalty, in any manner vitiate or affed fuch Information or other Proceeding, but every fuch Information or other Proceeding (hall and may be tried, had and determined in all refpeds, as if the Regulations herein contained relating to fuch Notice, Abftrad or Schedule had not been made*

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Colledor of Grand Jury Cefs (hall negled or omit in any Inftance to make known and public the Contents of any fuch Abftrad or Schedule which (hall have been transmitted to and received by him, by pofting a Copy thereof in manner aforefaid, or (hall wilfully negled or refufe to pro* duce fuch Abftrad to any Inhabitant of any Barony or Half Barony9 or County of a Town or Citv, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cefs therein, on Demand ot fuch Inhabitant at a feafonable time in the Day time, at the ufual Dwelling Place of fuch Collector, every fuch Collector (hall for every fuch Negled or Refufal, or Omiffion, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill at the Quarter Seffions of the Juftices of tbe Peace, in the proper County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, by any Perfon who (hall lue for the fame, and the Money recovered by luch Civil Bill (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon fuing for the fame.

4 IX. And Whereas in and by an Ad made in the Fifty fourth 4 Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to confolidate 4 and amend tbe Regulations contained in feveral ASt of Parliament, 4 for impofing and levying of Fines upon Parifbesy Townfands and other 4 Places, in refoeQ of toe unlawful Difiillation of Spirits in Ireland, * the Parifliioners in Veftry affembled are authorized to eled One or 4 more Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of difcovering or profe-4 cuting all Offences a gain ft any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for 4 the regulating and fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits 4 diftilled in Ireland: And Whereas it may tend towards effeduating 4 the Purpofes aforefaid if additional Powers were given to the 4 Perfon or Perfons fo eleded;9 Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, if they (hall deem it expedient fo to do, upon the Reprefentation of the Churchwardens of any Pariffi in Ireland\ to grant and iflue, with the Approbation of tne Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a Com million commonly called a Preventive Commiffion, to each and every Perfon who (hall have been or (hall be fo eleded for the Purpofes aforefaid; and every fuch Perfon (hall have full Power and Authority to ad under fuch Commiffion; and all and every the Claufes, Regulations, Provifione, matters and things contained in any Ad or Ads, for the Protedion of the Officers of the Revenue, (hall extend to and (hall be applied to and put in pradice with re-fjped to each and every fuch Perion ading in the Performance or Execution of his Duty under fuch Commiffion, as fully and efied-ually in all refpeds as if fuch Claufes, Regulations, Provifions, matters and things were herein repeated and reenaded with regard to fuch Perfon or Perfons.

X.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful in all cafes for the Court before whom any Perfon (hall be tried and convided of any Offence againft any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation, to order, upon the Requeft of the Frofecutor, the Treafurer of the County, County of a City

Pp S	or

CoDeftorof Grand Jury Gift neglecting bit Duty.

Penalty.

Preventive

Commiffion may be iflued by Commiffioners of Excife, with Content of Lord Lieutenant, to Perfons appointed by Parilhea as la-fpefiors under J4G.3. cija to profecute for illegal Diftillation.

On ConviSioo of Offender, Court may order Profecutor to be paid hit Expencea.

6t2

C.U&

66° GEO. III.

^D.ln6»

Wfb to Cteck of Tr» Crown.

Grand Jury to prefent fuch Expen ccs, to be levied off Town-land, dec.

or County of a Town in which the Offence (hall be pay untd fuch Profecutor fuch Sum of Money as to the faid Contt fltall feem reasonable, for the Expences and Lofs of time of fndi Profecutor, which Order the Clerk of the Crown is hereby direded and required forthwith to make out and deliver to fuch Profecutor, upon being paid for the fame the Sum of One Shilling, and no1 more ; and the Treafurer of the faid County, Town or City is hereby authorized and required forthwith to par to fuch Profecutor or other Perfon authorized to receive the fame, inch Sum of Money as afore-faid, and (hall be allowed the fame in his Accounts ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and evoy Affixes and Prefenting Term, and they are hereby required to prefect all fuch Sums aB (hall have been fo paid by the Treafurer of the County, •County of a City or County of a Town, under any fuch Order, and which (hall not have been previoufly prefeated; Inch Sums to be prefented, raifed and levied off the Townland, Diftnff, Divifion or Place in which the Offence (hall have been committed, in (nek manner as any Presentment of a Grand Jury may be raifed and levied*

Illicit Spirits	XI.	And	be	it further ena&ed, That all Spirits which (hall hare

feized conveyed been or (hall be feized, as having been illicitly made or diftilled, to Exoie Stores,	immediately	upon	the Seizure thereof, be conveyed to red

in Prefence of depofited » the Stores of the Colle&or of Inland Excffe and Taxes Collector and an of the Diftri& in which the feme (hall have been feized, or in the Infpe&or of Ex- like Stores of the next neighbouring Di&rift to which the feme can cif*	be conveniently conveyed; and the Strength and Quantity of fuch

Spirits having oeen afeertained and taken an Account of, fuch Spirits (hall, after Condemnation thereof, be fpil&ed and effe&ually deffroyed in the Prefence of the Colle&or or other Officer in charge of the Collection of fuch Diftri€t refpeCtively, and of an Infpe&or General of Excife, or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Comirnffiooers Reward to feiz- ffiail in that behalf order or direCt; and that the Officer or Officers, log Officer. or other Perfon or Perfons feizing any fuch Spirits, (hall receive fuch Recompence or Reward for feizing the fame as the feird Com-miffioner8 (hall order and direft.

Perfons keeping XII. And be it further enafted. That from and after the Expir* Kilns nr Mills ation Qf Three Calendar Months next after the paffing of this A&, g^iidtogCorn or ^ Perfon who ffiail keep any Kihi for the drying of any Core, Malt fo dclivei Gram or Malt, ffiail, within One Calendar Month after beginuiog Account thereof or continuing to keep fuch Kiln or Mill refpe&ively, make out, figs to Colle&or, and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Gauger or other "H0	**“	Officer in charge of die Walk in which fuai Kiln (hall be fituate;

* r me* red that every Perfon who (hail keep any Mill for the grinding of Corn or Grain or Malt, (hall make out, fign and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Colledor of the Diftrift in which fuch Mill (hall be (ituated, fpecifying and deferibing in fucb Return or Account refpc&ively the Name and Place of Abode of fuch RnCoo, and the Place where fuch Kiln or Mill is refpefirively faulted j and every fuch Perfon (hall caufe to be painted in Oil Colour, in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, on the Qut&de of the Door of or Place of Entrance to every fudi Kik or Mill refpedively, or on a Board to be affixed or enrifed on feme

confpicuous

A.D.LW*,

5PGEO.IIL

c. in.

coafpicuoos Part of the Outfide of fuch Kiln or MiH refpe&ivdy, in legible Letters, at lead Three Indies in Length, the Name and Surname of the Owner or Proprietor of fnch Mill or Kiln ; and every fach Ganger or Officer and Collector who (hall receive any fnch Return or Account refpe&vely (hall regifter the fame, and (hall grant a Certificate of fuch Account and Regiftry, by giving a Copy thereof figned by him; and if any Perfon (hall keep any Kim lor the drying of anv Corn or Grain or Malt, or (hall keep any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Malt, without having made out, Sgned and delivered fuch Account as is by this Aft required, every filch Perfon who (hall keep any fuch Kiln (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Perfon who (hall keep any Rush Mill (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Founds, and all Corn or Grain or Malt which (hall be found in or on any fuch Kiln or Mill refpe&ively (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and if upon any fuck Kiln or Mill the Name and Surname of the Proprietor thereof refpedU ively (hall not be and remain fo painted and legible as aforefaid, the Penba to whom fuch Kiln or Mill refpe&ively (hall belong (hall for-Mi the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed. That before any fuch Return or Account of any fuch Mill (hall be received, entered or regiftered by fuch Colle&or, the Perfon who (hall keep fuch Mill (hall, with One or more fufficient Surety or Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to pay all fuch Fines or Penalties a3 fuch Perfon (hall or may by Law be fubje& or liable to, for or on account of fuch Perfon having in his Mill any Malt for which fuch Perfon (hall not have or produce a proper Permit for the Removal thereof to fuch Mill as by Law required; and alfo conditioned that fuch Perfon (hall not receive or grind, or fuffer to be received or ground in fuch Mill any Malt whitm (hall not be attended by a proper Permit or Permits for the Removal thereof to fuch Mill.

XIV* And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife, at any time in the Day time to enter and fearch any Mill for the grinding of any Corn or Grain or Mah, fituate in any Diftrid in Inland* mentioned in any Notice which (hall have been or which (hall or may from time to time be given by the ,Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irelandy of the putting into Execution in fuch Diftrid the Provifions of the Laws for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation; and if fuch Officer or Officers (hall not on Demand, within a reasonable time after fitch Demand made at the Place of Abode of the Perfon keeping fuch Mill, obtain Admittance into fuch Mill, it (hall and may be lawful f for fuch Officer or Officers in the Prefence of a Conftable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby refpedively authorized and required to be aiding and affifting therein, to break open and enter fuch Mill, and •every Store and Room therein, and make fearch for any Malt which foeh Officer or Officers (hall or may have reafonable or probable Caufe to fufped to be concealed or fraudulently depofited therein.

XV. And be it further eaaded, That no Gauger employed in the Service of the Excife (hall be entitled to receive nis Salary, or any Putt thereof, at any time from and after the Tenth Day of Qetobtr One thoufead eight bandied and fixteen, unlefs and until inch Gaugdr

*fs

Officer to gbe Certificate of Regiftry.

Keeping Kiln ov Mill without d»> Urering Account;

Penalty.

Penalty.

Name not pain*, ed on Kiln ov

Mill

Penalty.

Perfont keeping Mills to enter into Bond to pay Penalties for having Malt without Permit.

If refofod Admittance, Officers may break open Milla and fearch.

No Ganger to receive his Salary, until he (hall hive fwofu chat he had not

Pp 4

C. 111.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

574*

Meaning of the Words “ Mar-ket Town** explained.

J uflicef may fummon before them Peifoos charged with felling Liquors without Licence.

Conviftion.

Penalty.

Penalty not paid,

Imprifonrocnt.

Former Ads relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits extended to Ad.

*	of fuch Licences9 and to difcourage the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous

*	Liquors in Iceland; it is among other things enaded, that it fhall 1 be lawful for any Perfon in any Place in Ireland, where the ‘ Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liquors is Ele-

*	ven Pounds only, (fuch Place not being fituate within any Market 1 Town, or within One Mile thereof,) to obtain fuch Licence on

*	Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds: And Whereas Doubts

*	may arife as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words M Market

*	Town9 Be it declared and enaded, That the faid Provifion in the hud recited Ad fhall extend to fuch Towns only in which a Weekly Market is adually holden throughout the Year; and that in Places fituate within any Town where a Weekly Market is not fo adually holden, fuch Licence may be granted on Payment of the faid Sum of Seven Pounds in the faid Ad mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be law. ful for any Juft ice of the Peace in Ireland, within his Jurifdidion, to fummon any Perfon charged with having fold any Spirituous Li-

mWine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Methegliu or Mead by without Licence, and to require, by the Summons to be iffued, the Perfon fununoned to bring with him or her, and to pro. duce a Licence in force to fuch Perfon for felling fuch Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail $ and in cafe fuch Perfon fo fununoned fhall not appear, upbn Proof on Oath made of the Service of fuch Summons, or if fuch Perfon fhall appear and fhall not produce a proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by Retail fuch Spirit, uous and other Liquors, then fuch Juftice fhall examine on Oath fuch Witnefc or Witnefies as fhall appear before him, which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter; and if Proof fhall be made before fuch Juftice, or if it fhall appear by the Confeffion of the Party that fuch Perfon did fell Spirituous Liquors, or any of fuch Liquors aforefaid, at any time within Two Months previous to the iffuing of fuch Summons, then fuch Juftice (hall convid the Perfon charged with having fold fuch Spirituous or other Liquors of fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon fhall be liable and ftibjcd to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and not lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcrction of fuch Juftice, (exdufive of any other Penalty or Forfeiture to which fuch Perfon may by Law be liable to, or fubjed for fuch Offence,) and fuch Juftice fhall adjudge fuch Perfon fo coavided to forfeit fuch Sum accordingly. One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parifh where fuch Offence fhall have been committed, for the Ufe of the Poor therein; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Sum which fuch Perfon fhall be fo adjudged to have forfeited fhall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon fuch Coa-vidion, fuch Offender fhall be committed to Gaol by fuch Juftice, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not lefs than One Calendar Month, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

XXVII. And be it further enaded. That all and every the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Provifion*, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or Securing the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland* fhall be applied and put in pradice in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually to alf Intents and Purpofet whatsoever, as if all the

Claufes,

A.D.1816,

56° GEO. III.

C.111

575

Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the (aid Ads, or any of them, had been ex-prefsly repeated and reenaded in this Ad, and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except fo far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads, and that the faid Ads and this Ad (hall be conftrued together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fo far as the fame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the faid Ads are amended and altered by this Ad.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflided bv this Ad (hall be paid and recovered in Britifh Currency, and (hall and may be fued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwife is provided, in fuch manner and Form, and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities, as are prefcnbed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for fettling of the Excife or new Imtojl upon HislUaje/ly, bis Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Bool of Kates therein inferted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral A3s relating to the Revenues, matters and things, under the Management of the Com-mtffioners of Cujhoms and Port Duties, and the Commi/Jioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, as fully and effedually to all Intents, Conltrudions and Purpofes, as if the lame were particularly mentioned and exprefied and reenaded in this Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ads, or any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty’a Revenue of Excife, is provided.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad, fo far as the fame relates to or concerns the Charges impofed on any Still or Stills by this Ad, (hall commence and take effed on the Monday Three Weeks next after the paffing thereof, with refped to all Stills as to which fuch Monday (hall be the Commencement of fome Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any fuch Still or Stills (hall be chargeable by Law as working ; but where fuch Monday Three Weeks next after the paffing of this Ad (hall not be the Commencement of fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which any Still or Stills (hall be chargeable as working, then this Ad (hall commence and take effed with refped to fuch Still or Stills on the firft or next Monday after the Monday Three Weeks next after the paffing of this Ad, which (hall be the ,Commencement of a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which any fuch Still or Stills (hall be chargeable by Law as working.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall, fave and except as herein otherwife provided, commence and take effed from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

TABLE

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

14 8c is Car. 2.

(I)

46 G. 3. c. io6.#

Charges on Stills when to com* mence.

Commencement of Aft.

Aft may be altered, See.

C.1U*

56° GEO. III.

AJX18H5L

Ptnaky.

Colled ors appointed by Lord Lieutemat empowered to proceed.

Penalties of loot, how recovered, &c

Levd Lieutenant empowered to neoke Appointment made oy Commif-

Colled on appointed by Lord lieutenant to be inftead of the ocher Culle&ors.

Gommifllonett of Excife, with Confentuf Trea-fury, may relieve Parlous from Pinas on Town-lands.

that Purpofe by the Perfon or Perfons, or any of them fo i tod appointed oy die {aid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Goe or Governors, every foch Treafurer, CoHe&or or other Perfon fln& deliver up all fuch Warrants accordingly, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which fuck Treafurer or Colle&or or other Perfon (hall not, on fuck Demand made, fo deliver up; and every fuch Perfon and Perfons fo nominated and appointed to receive and execute the hud Warrants, (hall and they are hereby refpeftively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and Fines which (hall be mentions! in any fuch Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of t e faid Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the Collectors of Grand Jury Cefs, or other Perfon to whom fuch Warrants had been granted or delivered, were empowered to exercife and might or could have executed the fame, and with all the like Remedies is cafe of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are prescribed by Law with refpedt to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury; and every fuch Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds (hall and may be recovered by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdi&ion (and which Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the fame) by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame $ and in fuch Proceedings no Effoin, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and the Money recovered by fuch Action or other Proceeding (hall be applied, as to the One Half thereof, to and for the Uie of the Perlon fuing for the feme, and the other Half to and for the Ufe of the Infirmary of the County, or County of the City or Town, as the cafe may be; and in emfc k Audi feem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to revoke or annul any Appointment which {hall have been made by the (kid Commiffioners of Inhnd Excife aad Taxes of any Perfon or Perfons to co!le& and levy any fuch Fines as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors fo to do, without appointing any other Per* fon or Perfons for that Purpofe.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon fo to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Collection of fuch Fines, (hall ftaud in the Place and Stead of the Perfons appointed by the (kid ComvnHfionas of Inland Excife and Taxes, and (hall have all fuch Powers and Authorities as the Perfons fo appointed by the faid Commiffioners.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the pafing of this A6fc, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Content and Appro-bration, and under the Diregions of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland,) upon the Application of any Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cefs, in any Townland, Place, Diftridfc or Divifion in Ireland, on which any Fine (hall have been impofed under any A6t or A€ts for the Suppra-fion of illicit Diftillation in Ireland, to grant fuch Relief to fuch Jtar-fen or Perfons again ft the Payment of foch Fine, or airy Part thereof, as to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Totes (hallfeem fitting

AJXl8t6*	56°	GEO.	IIL	C. 112, tl3.

and expedient, and at fhall be approved of by the laid Conmiffioners

for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, and under fuch Directions and Regulation! at the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners (hall make in that behalf.

XX11. And be it further eno&ed, That all the Claufes, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Proviiions contained in the faid recited Adi of the Fifty fourth Year of Hit prefcnt Majefty’t Reign, and alfo all the Clan let. Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Proviiions contained in Two feveral Ads pafied in the laft Seffion of Parliament for amending the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year, fhall be applied in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually as if the fame were repeated and reenaded in this Ad, except fo far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Ad, or by any other Ad or Ads, and that the faid Ads and this Ad (hall be conftrued together as one Ad, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed or inflided by this Ad (hall and may (in all eafes not otherwife provided for) be fued for, recovered, levied and applied in fuch manner and Form, and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteeotn Years of the Reign of His late Majefly King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for fettling the Exeife or netv Impofl upon Hie Majefly, hie Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Booh of Rates therein inferted; or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Masefty’s Revenue of Exeife or Cuftoms in force in Ireland, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expreffed, and reenaded in this Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who fhall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ad of Exeife, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife m Ireland, is provided.

CAP. CXIII.

An Ad for repealing the Duties payable for Licence* for retailing Beer, AJe, Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Britain, and for impofing other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ift July 1816.]

4 TT T HE REAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral Duties and 4 W Sums of Money now payable by Law for Licences for 4 retailing Beer or Ale, and Cyder, Perry or Spirits in Great Braitin, 4 and that feveral other Duties and Suras of Money (hould be im-4 pofed and made payable in lieu thereof ;* Be it therefore rnaded, by The King’s Moil Exellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Duties and Sums of Money now payable by Law for or in refpedt of Licences for retailing Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits, fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ivdy, which may at that time remain unpaia, or to any Pine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures

relating

8$ 7

Former A&s extended to Aft.

14 & 15 Car. %. (L)

Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Spirits, be. repealed;

and inltead thereof the following Dutiep.

On Beer Lienees

and on Spirits Licences.

Dunes to be under Manage-

G.11S.	56*	GEO.	111.	A.D.1816.

relating thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at asy time before or on that Day.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforefaid, and hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, coHefted and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws is each cafe made and provided by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by fuch Retailers refpeftively, the feveral annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; that is to (ay,

Every Perfoo who (hall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who (hall feS Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed in his, her or their Hode or Premifes, for every Licence to be taken out as aforefaid.

If the Dwelling Houfe in which fuch Perfon (hall, at the time of taking out fuch Licence, refide or retail Beer or Ale, or fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed as aforefaid, (hall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houfes at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, Two Pounds and Two Shillings :

If rated as aforefaid at Fifteen rounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three Shillings: If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards. Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, shade Or diddled from Briti/b Materials in that Part of Great Brt-' tain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforefaid, If the Dwelling Houfe in which fuch Retader (hall refide or retad fuch diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out fuch Licence, (hall not, together with . the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Pariia* ment, for granting Duties on inhabited Houfes, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards. Five Pounds and Five Shillings:

’ If rated as aforefaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, arid under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings: ’If'at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight Pounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Tnirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine Shillings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling:

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

III.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the Duties by this Aft impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called £nr-

W

AJX1816.

56" GEO- III.

589'.

C.118,114.

land (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife* in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in Scotland mall be under the Management of the .Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties and Sums* of Money above mentioned, and hereby impofed and made payable as * aforefaid, fhall and may be refpeftively railed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered and adjudged in fuch and the like manner,4 and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or* Methods, by which the former Duties of Excife refpeftively, of the* fame kinds refpeftively, were or might be railed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the Retailers and Perfons refpeftively before mentioned (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft to all and every the Conditions, Regul* ations. Rules, Reftriftions and Forfeitures, to which fuch Perfons iir general, and alfo to all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitures refpeftively, to which the like Perfons refpeftively were fubjeft or liable, by any Aft or AA* of Parliament m force immediately before the patting of this A61 relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every rain. Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed again ft or in breach of any A A or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the patting of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof} and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Direftions therein contained, fhali and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in Execution, for and in refpeft of the. feveral Duties of Excife and Sums of Money hereby charged and made payable refpeftively, in as full and ample manner, to ‘alt Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid.Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pams, Penalties* or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft.

V.	And be it farther enafted, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties and feveral Sums of Money by this Aft impofed and made payable aa aforefaid, the neceftary Charges of railing and accounting for the fameexcepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Weftminfter% and the faid Money fo paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforefaid fhall be carried to and made Part of the Coufolidated Fund of Great Britain•

' VI. And be it further enafted. That this AA or any of the Pro-vittoas thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be patted in this Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Aft to regulate the Conveyance of Paflengers from the

United Kingdom to the United States of America, in Britijb

Veflels.	[ill	July	1816.]

? \X7HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Forty third Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulate 4 ing the Vtjfel* carrying Paffenger* from the United Kingdom toMk • Majefty1! Plantation* and Settlement* Abroad or. to Foreign Part/, 4 with rcfpcB to the. Number of fuch Paffenger* t it was enafted,

4 that

ment < f Com-miffiouer* of Excife.

Duties how levied.

Duties carried to

Confolidated

Fund.

Ad may he titered, Ac* i ,

43 G 3-c-J*.

$ »r-

Ragulttioni in racked A& with nfped to foreign VefTelt carrying Psflfen-gtrs made applicable to Britifh Veffeb carrying Paflengen from this Kingdom to the United States.

Agreement dated June 15, 1816, for the Purchafe of the Maport of Efher and Milhourne and the Man (ton Houfe called Qaremont,Scc. for 661000I.

0.114,115.	56°	GEO. III.	-	AJX181S,

4 that it (haU not be lawful for any Matter or other Pcrfon taking or 4 haring the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veffol, other than 4 a Britifh Ship or Vefftl clearing out from any Port or Place ia

*	the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater Number ‘ of Pferfons, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of One 4 Perfon for every Five Tout of the Burthen of fuch Ship or Veflel;

4 And Whereat it it expedient to extend fuch Provifion of the fold

*	AA, and alfo all otlier Regulations contained therein relative to 4 the Conveyance of Pafffogers in Foreign Veflels, to Britifh Veflfek 4 conveying Paffengers from the United Kingdom of Great Brkam 4 and Ireland to the United Statea of America* in lieu and inftead of 4 the Regulations now by Law eftablifhed Be it therefore enafted by The King9* Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice aad Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in that prefont Parliament, and by the Authority of the fame, That from aad after the patting of this Aft, all the Regulations, Reftridioos, Obligations and Penalties, in the foid recited Aft contained and provided with refpeft to Foreign Ships or VefTelt carrying Paflengen, and no ether, Audi he and the fame are hereby made applicable to Brkjjl Ships or VefTelt carrying Paflengen from Great Britain and Ireland to toe United States of America, at folly and effeftually to all Infants aad Purpofos whatfoever, at if the Tame were foverally and fepanldf repeated and reenafted in the Body of this Aft; any thing in the fold recited Aft or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the aw-trary notwithftmndmg.

CAP. CXV.

An Aft; for ratifying the Purchafe of the Claremont Eftatet and for fettling the lame as a Refidence for Her Royal Higb-nefa the Princefs Charlotte Augufta and His Serene Highnefr Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeldm

[ift July 1816.]

WHEREAS for the providing a futtabfo Refidence for Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Angnftm mad Hi 4 Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cahomrg d 4 Saalfeld* upon their ate aufpicious Marriage, Articles of Agree-4 ment, hearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June in this peafont Yew 4 One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen, hare been made aad 4 entered into between Charlee Rofe Elite of Claremont in the County 4 of Snrry, Efquire, of the Firfb Part; the Right Hoaounhh * William Hujkijfon, William Dacrts Adame, and Henry Dawkvan * Efquires, Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, FonefU aad 4 Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majefty) of the Second 4 Part 5 and The King's Moft Excellent Majefty of the Third Pfcit;

4 in Subftance or to the Effeft following; (that is to fay,) the foid € Gktmlee Rofe Elite for himfolf, his Heirs, Executors and Adasini-4 ftrators, for and in confideration of the Sum of Sixty fix thoufond • Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to he paid to him at • the times and in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned, has thereby 9 promifed and agreed to and with The King’s Moft Excelled Majefty,

9 ms Heirs and Succefibrs, to foil and drfpofe and the foid Com-4 mifDonm Parties thereto, for and on behalf of The King^ Mbft * Excellent Majefty, have thereby agreed to purefta#* aad boywf and

•io	4	from

A.D.1S16.

56* GEa 11L

CL 115.

m

from die laid Charlie Rofe Elbe, hie Heirs and Affigo* aB thofe the Manors of Efber and Milboume, or WatemiHe Bfleer, in the County of Surry, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Cuftomary and other Courts, Profits and Perquifites of Courts, Fines, Heriots and all Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Appurtenances to the faid Manors or either of them incident, appertaining, or in anywife belonging, and all Right of Soil and other Rights of him the faid Charles Rofe Elite, his Heirs or Affigns, of and m all Wafte Lands and Commons, fituate within, or being Part or Parcel of the faid Manors, or either of them (Cave and except the Land called Milbovme Held, belonging to the faid Charles Rofe Elite, which was by the faid. Articles of Agreement expreftly agreed not to be deemed Wafte or Common of the laid Manors or either of them}, and all Timber, Timber like and other Trees, growing or being in or upon fuch Wafte Lands or Commons, or any of them: And all that capital Manfion or Dwelling Hbufe fituate at or near EJber called Claremont other wife Claremamts with the feveral Lodges, Summer Houles, ornamental Bmldtagt* Coach Houles, Stables, Brewhoufe, Laundry and other Offices* Hot Houfes, Green Houfes, Ice Houles, Cottages, Farm Houfe and Farm Buildings, and other Out Houles to the faid capital Man* lion Houfe or Premises belonging* or in anywife appertaining; and all that Park with the Woods, Plantations, Waters, Fteafere Grounds, and Gardens thereto belonging, containing together by Eftimation (including theScite of the laid Buildings) Three hundoed and thirty two Acres, One Rood, and Thirteen Perches, (the whole of fuch Lands being Freehold, except One Acre or thereabouts* fituated in the laid Park, which is Copyhold of Inheritance,) and all Timber and other Trees growing or being in the faid Phrk, or in any of the Pleafure Grounds, Woods or Plantations within the feme, and all the Houfehold Goods, Furniture, Fixtures, Ornaments, Brewing Utenfils, and all Chattels and other Articles of whatever Denomination or Description, belonging to the laid Charles Rofe Elite, and being in or about the faid Manfion Houfe* Out Houfes and Offices, Gardens, Pleafure Grounds and Premifes (lave and except certain Articles in the faid Agreement fpecified), tad alfo all that Mefiitage or Dwelling Houle called Millboume Houfe, fituated at or near EJber afbrefaid, with the Coach Houfes* Stables and other Out Houfes and Offices, Yards, Gardens, Plants ations and Pleafure Grounds thereto belonging; and alfo all thofe feverul Clofes, Pieces or Parcels of Land to the faid laft mentioned Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe and Premifes belonging or in anywife appertaining; all which laft mentioned Premifes contain together by Eftimation Forty nine Acres and Thirty one Perches .or there* aoouts, the faid Mefluage, or Dwelling Houfe and PsemOes, with Part of the Lands being in Hand, and the Refidue thereof lcfr on Leafe at the Yearly Rent of Forty eight Pounds, which Leaf* wffl expire in the Year One thou fend eight hundred and twenty* and aH Timber and other Trees growing or being on the faidkft mentioned Premifes or any Part thereof; and all the Fixtures, and other Articles of every Sort in or about the faid laft mentioned Dweffing Houfe, Offices, Out Houfes and Premifes, or the Gardens or Pleafure Grounds thereto belonging (except fuch Articles and things as m the find Artkles of Agreement are eneoplcdand aUs all that Mefluage, Dwelling Houle or (?nttago Man*

• Haft,

C.11&

5fe° GEO. III.'

AJX1816.

Houfe, and aD tbofe Plantations and other Landa thereto belonging, containing by Eftimation One hundred and thirty two Acres or thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or being thereon ; and all that Spring of Water rifing in the laft mentioned Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedu&s, Pipes and Referroirf ufed for conveying or conducing the Water arifing from fuch Spring to the Manfion Houfe called Claremont, for the Supply thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging ; and alfo all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the HighfieU, containing by Eftimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, fituate near the (aid Park ; and alfo all fuch Pew or Pews, or Part or Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parifti Church of Efhcry as belong to the faid Charles Ro/e Ellis ; and all Waters, Fifhings, Ways,

* Roads, Paths, Eafements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the faid Manors, Manfion Houfe, and other Houfes and Premifea, or any of them belonging or in any wile appertaining: And the faid Commiffioners, Parties thereto, by the faid Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf of*. Hb Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, covenanted, promifed and agreed, to and with the faid Charles Ro/e EU'u% his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to pay the faid Sum of Sixty fix thoo-fand Pounds, the Purchafe Money for the faid Premifes, in the Proportions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to lay,) the Sum of Twelve thoufand Pounds, Part thereof, on the Delivery of the Pofleffion of the faid Premifes, or on the Title thereto being approved of by the Counfel of the Purchafers, whichever (hould firft happen, and the Refidue thereof to be paid by Four equal annual Payments, the Firft of fuch Payments to be made on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and Seventeen, the Second, on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Fourth and lift, on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, together with lawful Intereft for the fame, or the loft al men ts from time to time remaining unpaid from the Date of the faid Articles of Agreement, fuch Intereft to be paid annually on the fame Days as the Inftalments of the Principal: And it is by the (aid Articles of Agreement, amongft other things, further provided and agreed that the faid Charles Ro/e Ellis (hould withia One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the dud Commiffioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abftra& of and make out a good Title to the faid Manors, Hereditaments and Premifes, and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, fave fuch as are therein and hereinafter mentioned; and that he and they and all other neceffary Parties (hould and would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next, by fuch good and fufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and A durances, as Counfel (hall advife, convey and allure the faid Manors, Man-fion Houfe, and all and fingujar other the Houfes, Lands, Here* dttaments and Premifes fo contra&ed to be fold as aforefaid, with the Appurtenances, to the Ufe of the faid Charles Ro/e Ellist or of fome

• of

A.D.1816.

56* GEO. IIL

C.115.

593

of fach Deeds, together With lawful Intereft for the fame, at the times and in manner aforefaid, and fubjeft thereto, to the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and upon fuch Truft or Trufts,arid in-fuch manner and Form as the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the faid CoYnmiffioners, Parties to the faid Articles of Agreement, or the Commiilioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts. and Land Revenues lhall direct or appoint, free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever, except the Land Tax, and fave and except the faid Premifes, being fubjeft and charged with the Expences and Repairs of EJber Bridge, and fave and except certain Fee Farm and Cnftomary Rents, Heriots, Services and Rights of Common in the faid Articles of Agreement particularly, mentioned, and to which certain Parts of the faid Premifes are fubjedt; and the faid Charles Rofe Ellis agreed to affign and fet over all the Furniture, Goods, Chattels and other Perfonal Effedts by the faid Articles of Agreement agreed to be fold, to fuch Perfon or Ferfous as the faid Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or the faid Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts and Land Revenues (hall diredt or appoint, either for his or their own Ufe and Benefit abfolutely or in Truft for any other Perfon or Perfons, Ufes or Purpofes : And it is by the faid Articles of Agreement further agreed, amongft other things, that the Fee Farm Rents and all Taxes and Out Goings for or in refpedt of the faid Premifes, ihould be borne, defrayed and paid by the faid Charles Rofe Ellis up to Midfummer Day in the Year One thou-* fand eight hundred and fixteen, and that His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefiors, ihould have Pofieflion of the Parts in Hand, and receive all Rents, Iflues and Profits of the Remainder of the faid Premifes as and from that Day $ and it is in and by the laid Articles of Agreement exprefsly provided and declared, that if the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury ihould refufe or decline to ratify that prefent Agreement, or if an A & of Parliament ihould not be pafied in this prelent Sefiion of Parliament for confirming fuch Agreement, and to enable the Lords Commifiioners of the Treafury to advance the Sums requifite to pay the feveral Inftalments of the Purchafe Money as they refpe&ively become due, and to authorize the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts and Land Revenues to fell Crown Lands in order to provide for the Repayment of the Monies fo to be advanced, then and in either of fuch cafes, that Agreement and the Contract thereby* made, and every thing therein contained, ihould ceafe, determine and be wholly void: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provi-fions for enabling the faid Commifiioners, Parties to the faid Articles of Agreement, to make good the Contract thereby entered into on behalf of His Majefty, and to carry the fame into EfFeft :

And Whereas by an A& pafied in the Thirty eighth Year of His	c*^°*

prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for making perpetual, fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner therein fated, the feveral Sums of Money novo charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand /even hundred and ninety eight; and another A& pafied in the Forty 41G.3. c.ii6. fecond Year of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for con-folidating the Provifions of the feveral A3s puffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One A3, and for making further 56 Geo. ill.	Q q	‘	Pro-

594

C.115.

56° GBO. III.

A.D.1816,

1133-

Agreement

confirmed.

The Claremont Efttte refted in CMnmiffioosra of Woods end For efts in Truft for the Princeft and the Prince.

Provefion for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for mevn/ Doubts refoeQing the Right of Perfone claiming to vote at EitSious for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to ferve in Parliament, In reJheS of MeJTuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tone upon whichJhall have been redeemed or pur chafed ; the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time being was empowered to contra& for the Sale from time to time, of tack or fo much of the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, | Maribet, Wafte Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in Em? land, as would raife a Sum fufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or belonging to the Crown: And Wlfereas under the Authority of the faid recited Adi certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown have been fold in order to raife Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Crown E dates, and the Monies which have arifen therefrom have been invefted in the Purchafe of Three Pounds fee Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annuities certain Parts are now (landing in the Names of the Commiffionen of His Majefty’s Treafury, in the Books of the Governor and Coo-pas? of the Bank of England $ and fuch Annuities, or confidtr-able Parts thereof, are not. immediately wanted for the Purpofa of the faid recited Ads of the Thirty eighth and Forty fecood Years of the Reign of His prefent M%fty ; and in erter ta carry into Effed the Provifiona 6f this Ad with as little locos-venience as podible, and to have a Fund ready for the Paymes of the feveral Inftalments of the faid Purchafe Money as they (hall refpedivelv become due, it is expedient that the Commifioo-ers of His Majefly’s Treafury (hould be authorized and copowered to fell a competent Part of the faid Bank Annuities free time to time, in order to raife the Monies which will be reqtsfcr to pay the (faid Inftalments as they (hall become payable, and to apply the Monies fo to be railed in the Payment thereof accordingly ; and that the Commiffioners for the time being of His Mi jefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, (hould be authorised and empowered to fell and difpofe of certain Parts of the Poffcf-fions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and lpply the Moser anting from fuch Sales in making good and replacing the Annuities which (hall have been lo fold, or in purchafing Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities in ueu thereof:’ Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Aa-thority of the fame. That the faid hereinbefore in Part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on the faid Fifteenth Day of June in this pretent Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid sad effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes what foe ver.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That at the time mentioned in the (aid Articles of Agreement for the conveying the faid Eftate aad Premifes, the faid Charles Rofe Ellis (hall by proper Conveyances and A durances in the Law convey the fame, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, to the Ufe of him the faid Charles Rofe ElBs, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Aifigns, or of fame Pcrfon or Perfons

to

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.115.

£95

to be by him or them for that Purpofe nominated for a Term of Five hundred Yean, for fecuring the Payment of the faid Purchafe Monies and Intereft at the times and in the manner in the faid Articles of Agreement mentioned; and fubjedfc thereto, to the Ufe of the Coro-nOmoners for the time being of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for ever; and that from and immediately after fuch Conveyance fhall be made and executed, all tbofe the faid Manors of Fiber and Milbourne> or Watirvilie EJber$ and the faid Manfion or Dwelling Houfe called Claremont otherwise Claremount, with the Parks, Woods, Plantations, Pleafure Grounds and Gardens thereto belonging, and all other the Meffuages or Houfes, Farms, Cottages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore and in the faid Articles of Agreement particularly mentioned and deferibed, and the feveral Fixtures thereto belonging, by the faid Articles of Agreement con traded and agreed to be fold and difpofed of, (hall be fettled upon and veiled in, and the fame are hereby fettled upon and veiled	,

in the Commifisoners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods,	*

Forefts and Land Revenues for ever, but fubiedl and without Prejudice to the Leafes now fubfifting in the faid Meffuages, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifet, or any Parts thereof, and fubjed and without Prejudice to the faid Term of Five hundred Years, to be created according to the laid Articles of Agreement for fecuring the Payment of the faid Sum of Sixty fix thoufind Pounds and Intereft ; but neverthelefs upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes hereinafter expreffed and declared of and concerning the faid Eftate and Premifes; that is to fay, upon Truft that they the faid Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’a Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, (hall fuffer and permit Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Augujla> and Ilia Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourr of Saalfeld, during their joint Lives, and (haQ fuffer and permit the Survivor of them, during her or his Life to hold, ufe, occupy, poffefs and enjoy the faid Manors,

Manfion Houfe, Eftate and rremifes, and all Fixtures thereto be-fenging, fo to be conveyed and allured under and in purfuanoe of the faid Articles of Agreement, and to take, have, colled and receive the Rents, Iffues and Profits, coming, growing and arifing therefrom,* in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if the fame were abfolutely veiled in them, but without any Power to fell, convey, diipofe of, mortgage or otherwife alienate or incumber the fame or any Part thereof.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That on the On the Death Death of Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Augufia or °f the Survivor His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg

of Saalfeld\ which ever (hall be the Survivor, the faid Manors, Man- property \ fion rfoufe, Eftate and Hereditaments, and the feveral Fixtures thereto belonging, (hall veil in and become Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and (hall be fettled and adminiftered to the fame Ufes and in the fame manner as His Majefty’s Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be fettled and adminiftered.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if Her Royal on Princefs fuc-Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Augufia (hall fucceed to the Crown ceeding to the of the United Kingdom in the Lifetime of His Serene Highnefs Cro"n “the. Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld, then and Hi?hn^°[l5,i in fuch cafe immediately after the Deceafe of His Serene Highnefs, ,fter His’De-the faid Manors, Manfion Houfe, Eftate. and Hereditaments, and ceafe;

Q q 2	the

C. 115.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

and alTo in cafe of the Princeft furtiving and coming to the Crown; Ettate to become Crown Property,

Commiflioners of the Treafury to fell out fo much Stock as Jhall be necef-fery to pay the Inftalments aa they become due.

Treafury -may fell and transfer the Stock by Power of Attorney.

Commiflioners of Woods and Porefts may fell Crown Lands to raife Money to replace the 6teck (old.

the Fixture* thereto belonging (hall become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown! and be fettled and adminiftered to the fame Ufes and in the fame manner as fuch Land Revenues now or hereafter may be fettled and adminiftered.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if Her Royal Highnefs the Princeft Charlotte Augujla (hall furvive His Serene Highnefa Leopold George Frederick Pnnce of Cobourg of Saalfdd, and after the Deceafe of His Serene Highnefa fucceed to the Crown of the United Kingdom, then and in fuch cafe and immediately upon fuch AccefSon of Her Royal Highnefa to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the faid Manors, Manfion Houfe, Eftate and Hereditaments, ^md the Fixtures thereto belonging, (hall become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be fettled and adminiftrrcd to the fame Ufes, and in the fame manner aa fuch Land Reveous now are or hereafter may be fettled and adminiftered.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, or say Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required from time to time, as the Inftalments of the laid Pur-chafe Money and the Intereft thereon (hall refpe&ively become doe, to fel^ and difpofe of fo much of the Three per Cent• Confolidated Annuities, (landing in the Names of the Commiflioners of His Mi-jefty's Treafury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which have been purchafed with Monies raiwi under the Provifiona of the faid recited Ads of the Thirty eighth and Forty fecond Years of His Majefty’s Reign, as will be iuffidat to pay and difeharge fuch refpe&ive Inftalments of the faid Par* chafe Money as they (hall refpe&ively become due, and the Interd then payable to the faid Charles Rofe Ellis, his Heirs or AfiBgo, and by and with the Produce of the Sale of fuch Bank Anootbes to pay and difeharge fuch Inftalments of the faid Purchafe Moocy accordingly, and the Intereft then payable to the faid Charla Rtp Ellis, his Heirs or Afligns.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Three Pounds per Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities hereby authorized and ie-quired to be fold and difpofed of for the Purpofes aforefaid, by tlx (aid Commiflioners of tne Treafury, (kail and may be fold, transferred and difpofed of by any Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by them, or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney, under their Hands and Seals attefted by Two or more credible Witnefics.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Two of them, and they, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to con-trad and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and abfolutely to make Sale of fuch or fo many or fo much of the Manors, Lordihips, Mefliiages, Luanda, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marflies or Wade Lands or other Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England (for the beft Prices or Confiderations in Money which the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues (hall, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiflioners of the Treafury foi' the time being, or any Three

or

66° GEO. III.

597

0,116.

or more of diem, be able to procure for the fame), as will raife a Sum fufficient to purchafe fo much Stock in the Three Pounds per Cent• Bank Annuities hereinafter mentioned, as (hall be equal, or as nearly equal as conveniently may be, to the whole Amount which {hall have been fold out of the (aid Confolidated Bank Annuities under the Provifions of this Ad, for the Payment of any fuch Inftalment or Inftalments of the Purchafe Monies fo to be paid to the had Charles Rofe Ellis, his Heirs or Affigns as aforefaid, and the Intereft fo to be paid to him or them as aforefaid ; and that the The Money to Purchafe Monies to be paid for the fame fhatl be paid into the Bank be paid into the of England, to the Account of the Commiffioners of His Maiefly’s Bw\k hid Treafury, and (hall be laid out by the Order of the Commiffioners cent Con-of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time foliated at Rebeing, or any Two of them, (who are for that Purpofe hereby dueed Bank An-authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fatne,) in the nuities. Purchafe either of Three Pounds per Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, or Three per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Commtffioners of His Maiefty’e Treafury, in like manner in all Refpedts as is prescribed in the laid recited Adis of the Thirty eighth and Forty fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefly with relation to Purchafes of Three Pounds per Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, under'thofe Adis refpedlively $ and the Capital or Bank Annuittet Stock fo to be purchafed therewith, and the Dividends and Intereft fa purchsftd *p-arifing therefroni, (hall be applicable to the fame Purpofes, and (hall be applied in the fame manner, and under the fame Rules, Regu- app^d^Ifame lation8 and Provifions in all Refpedls, as the Bank Annuities which manner at Stock fhall be fo fold for the Purpofe of railing fuch Inftalments as afore- fold out. laid, and the Dividends and Yearly Intereft arifing therefrom, would have been fubjedl and applicable to if this Adi had not been palled.

IX* Provided always, and be it further enadled. That no fueh No fuch Coo* Contradl lhall be made, unlefs by Special Warrant to be iflixed for cr*& made tm-that Purpofe by the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of leff* by the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being. 0 re ury*

X.	And be it further enadled, That all Sales of any Manors, Sa,e* under Lord (hips, Meftuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, to be made Minerals, Collieries, Woods,Wood Grounds, Fens, Marlhes, Wafte fitted by*** Lands or other Hereditaments, or any other Revenues to be made q. 3, + nU by virtue of this Adi, (hall be made by the Commiffioners of His Majefty*8 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Two of them* for the time being, under the like Rules, Regulations and Provifions as diredled by the faid recited Adi of the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame may be applicable thereto ; and that whenever fuch Commiffioners (hall have contradled with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Lands or Premifes, by virtue of this Adi, they fhall grant to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof a Certificate in the Form and in manner diredled by the faid laft mentioned Adi* or as near and fimilar thereto as the Circumftances will permit; and the Cafhiers of the Bank fhall, on Produdlion of fuch Certificate^ accept and receive the Purchafe Monies, and carry the fame to the Account therein fpecified, and at the Foot or on the Back of inch Certificate acknowledge the Receipt thereof, without Fee or Re* ward, in like manner as by fuch laft mentioned Adi is diredled, which Certificate and Receipt fhall be inrolled and attefted in the manner required by the faid laft mentioned Ad; and from and im»

Q q 3	mediately

and inftead thereof the following Duties*

On Beer Licence*

and on Spirits Licences.

Duties to be under Manage-

C.11S.	56*	GEO. III.	A.B.181G.

relating thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the fadd Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in lieu of the Duties and Sums of Money payable as aforefaid, and hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid throughout Gnat Britain, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs ana Succeffor* for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws is each cafe made and provided by Retailers of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Perry or Spirits within Great Britain, to be paid by fuch Retailers refpeftively, the feveral annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; that is to lay,

Every Perfon who (hall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who (haD feS Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed in his, her or their Houfe or Premifes, for every Licence to be taken out as aforefaid.

If the Dwelling Houfe in which fuch Perfon (hall, at the time of taking out fuch Licence, refide or retail Beer or Ale, or feC Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed as aforefaid, (hafl not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houfes at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards. Two Pounds and Two Shillings s If rated as aforefaid at Fifteen rounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Three Pounds and Three Shillings: If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards. Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

And every Retailer of diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britainf not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, lhade Or diddled from Brttyb Materials in that Part of Great Bn•

' ‘ tain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforefaid.

If the Dwelling Houfe in which fuch Retailer (hall refide or retail fuch diddled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the time of taking out fuch Licence, (hall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied,

,	. . . be rated under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parib-

ment, for granting Duties on inhabited Houfes, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards. Five Pounds and Tin I Shillings:

' If rated as aforefaid, at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings:

•If'at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

* If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Eight rounds and Seventeen Shillings:

If at Tnirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine Shillings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty i Pounds, Ten Pounds and One Shilling:

If at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

III.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the Duties by this Aft impofed as (hall anfe in that Part of Great Britain called Ear-

,	land	I

56* GEO. III.

889'.

C. 118,114.

land (ball be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife' in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in Scot* land mall be under the Management of the.Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties and Sums-of Money above mentioned, and hereby impofed and made payable as' aforefaid, (hall and may be refpeftively railed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid, recovered and adjudged in fuch and the like manner,' and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excife refpeftively, of the* fame kinds refpeftively, were or might be railed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the Retailers and Perfons refpeftively before mentioned (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftriftiona and Forfeitures, to which fuch Perfons iir general, and alfo to all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftiona and Forfeitures refpeftively, to which the like Perfons refpeftively were fubjeft or liable, by any A61 or A6b of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this Aft relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every rain. Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed again ft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament m force immediately before the palling of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Direftions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be re-fpeftively applied, praftifed and put in Execution, for and in refpeft of the. feveral Duties of Excife and Sums of Money hereby eharged and made payable refpeftively, in as full and ample manner, to 'alt Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Proviiions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pams, Penalties* or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and rcenafted in the Body of this Aft.

V.	And be it farther enafted, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties and feveral Sums of Money by this Aft impofed and made payable as aforefaid, the neceflary Charges of railing and accounting for the fameexcepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejtm\nfier% and the faid Money fo paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain*

VI.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft or any of the Pro-viftoas thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be paired in this Seffion of Parliament*

CAP. CXIV.

An Aft to regulate the Conveyance of Paflengers from the

United Kingdom to the United States of America, in JJriti/B Veflels.	[ift	July	1816.3

? HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Forty third Year of the < YV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulate

*	ing the VtJfeU carrying Paffengers from the United Kingdom to.£fk

*	Mayeflf* Plantations and Settlements Abroad or. to Foreign Parts%

*	with rtfped to the. Number of fuch Pqffengerj ; it was enafted,

• •4 ihat

ment < f Com-miffiemeri of Excife.

Duties how levied.

Duties carried to

Confolidated

Fund.

Aft may be skezed,Ac- i .

43 G 3.C.J6.

§ u.

Regulations in racked AGt with

refpea to

foreign Veflel* carrying Paffeo-ftrt made applicable to Britilh Veflel* carrying Paflengers from tfiis Kingdom to tiia United Sates.

Agreement dated June 15, 18x6, for the Purchafe of the Majors of Efher and Milhourne and the Man (ion Houfe called Claremont,&c. for 66,0001.

C. 114,115.	56°	GEO.	III.	*	A.D.1816L

4 that it (haH not be lawful for any Matter or other Perfon taking or 4 haring the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel, other than < a Britijb Ship or Veflel clearing out from any Port or Place in 4 the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater Number 4 of Pferfons, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of Or 4 Perfon for every Five Tons of the Burthen of fuch Ship or Veflel: • And Whereat it is expedient to extend fuch Provtfioa of the find 4 Ad, and alfo all other Regulations contained therein relative to 4 the Conveyance of Paffengers in Foreign Veflels, to Briti/h Veflfek 4 conveying Paflengers from the United Kingdom of Great Britain 1 and Ireland to the United States of America* in -lieu and inftead of 4 the Regulations now by Law eftabliihed :* Be it therefore enadcd by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament, and by the Authority of the fame, That from aad after the paffing of this Ad, all the Regulations, Reftri&ions, Obligations and Penalties, in the faid recited Ad contained and provided with refped to Foreign Ships or Veflels carrying Paflengers, and no other, Audi be and the fame are hereby made applicable to Bridfk Ships or Veflels carrying Paflengers from Great Britain and Ireland to the United States of America, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame were feverally and Separately repeated aad reenaded in the Body of this Ad; any thing in the (aid recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXV.

An A& for ratifying the Purchafe of the Claremont Efhrte, and for fettling the fame as a Refidence for Her Royal High-nefs the Princefs Charlotte Augufta and His Serene Highneb Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

[ift July

WHEREAS for the providing a fintabk Refidence for Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Angnfim and Hb * Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cokomg of 4 Saalfeld, upon their late aufpicious Marriage, Articles of Agrees 4 ment, hearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June in this pwfant Xcm 4 One thoufand eight hundred and fix teen, have been made* asi 4 entered into between Charles Rofe Elite of Claremont in the County 4 of Surry, Efquire, of the Firft Part; the Right Honourable 4 William Hujkiffon, William Dacree Adams, and Henry Dstmkim, 4 Efquires, Commiflioners of His Majefky’s Woods, ForefU and 4 Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majefty) of the Second 4 Part; and The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty of tne Third Part; 4 in Subftance or to the Effed following; (that is to fay,) the faid €.Charles Rofe Ellis for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors and Admini-4 ftrators, for and in confederation of the Sum of Sixty fix thoufimd 4 Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to be paid to him at 4 the times and: in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned, has thereby 9 promifed and agreed to and with The King’s Moft Excellen Majefty, 4 ms Heirs and Succeffors, to fell aad dffpofo of, and the faid Con-4 mfffioners Parties thereto, for and on behalf of The King** Mbft * Excellent Majefty, have thereby agreed to* purchase aad bnfffmd

#io	4 from

A.D.1S1*.

56* GEO. ill.

CL115.

m

from the find Charles Rofi EUie, his Heirs and Affigna, iH thsfe the Manors of EJber and Milhoitrue, or WaUrutHe Bfiser, in the County of .Wry, together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Cuftomary and other Courts, Profits and Perquifites of Courts, Fines, Heriots and all Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Appurtenances to the faid Manors or either of them incident, appertaining* or in anywife belonging, and all Right of Soil and other Rights of him the faid Charles Rofe Ellis, his Heirs or Affigna, of and in all Wafte Lands and Commons, fituate within, or being Part or Parcel of the (aid Manors, or either of them (fiave and except the Land called Milbourue Held, belonging to the faid Charles Rofis Ellis, which was by the faid Articles of Agreement exprefily agreed not to be deemed Wafte or Common of the laid Manors or either of them ), and all Timber, Timber like and other Trues, growing or being in or upon fuck Wafte Lands or Commons, or any of them: And all that capital Manfion or Dwelling Hbufe fituate at or near EJber called Claremont otherwise Claremamts with the feveral Lodges, Summer Houfes, ornamental Buildings* Coach Houfes, Stables, Brewhoufe, Laundry and other Offices* Hot Houfes, Green Houfes, Ice Houfes, Cottages, Farm Houfe and Farm Buildings, and other Out Houfes to the faid capital Man-Son Houfe or Premises belonging, or in anywife appertaining; and all that Park with the Woods, Plantations, Waters, Plesfore Grounds, and Gardens thereto belonging, containing together by Eftimation (including theScite of the laid Buildings) Three hundred and thirty two Acres, One Rood, and Thirteen Perches, (the whole of fuch Lands being Freehold, except One Acre or thereabouts* fituated in the faid Park, which is Copyhold of Inheritance,) and all Timber and other Trees growing or being in the faid Phrk, or in any of the Pleafure Grounds, Woods or Plantations wkhia the fame* and all the Houfehold Goods, Furniture, Fixtures, Ornaments* Brewing Utenfils, and all Chattels and other Articles of whatever Denomination or Description, belonging to the laid Charier Rofe Ellis, and being in or about the faid Manfion Houfe* Out Houfes and Offices, Gardens, Pleafure Grounds and Premifes (lave and except certain Articles in the faid Agreement fpecified)* and alfo all that Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe called MUlbomme Houfe, fituated at or near EJber afbrefaid, with the Coach Houfes* Stables and other Out Houles and Offices, Yards, Gardens, Plantations and Pleafure Grounds thereto belonging; and alfo all thofe Several Clofes* Pieces or Parcels of Land to the faid laft mentioned

Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe and Premifes belonging or in anywife appertaining; all which laft mentioned Premifes contain together bj Eftimation Forty nine Acres and Thirty one Perches .or thereabouts, the faid Mefluage, or Dwelling Houfe and Pnemfles, with Part of the Lands being in Hand, and the Refidue thereof let oa Leafe at the Yearly Rent of Forty eight Pounds, which Leafe wffl expire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty* and aH Timber and other Trees growing or being on the faidkft mentioned Premifes or any Part thereof; and all the Fixtures, and other Articles of every Sort in or about the faid laft mentioned Dwelling Houfe, Offices, Out Houfes and Premifes, or the Gardens or Pleafure Grounds thereto belonging (except fuch Articles and things as m the laid Articles of Agreement are —copied_}V and alfo all that Mefluage* Dwelling Houfe or Cartage c—ed mumu

C.11&

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1810.

It*

*	Hou/e, and all thofe Plantations and other Lands thereto belonging, 4 containing by Eftimation One hundred and thirty two Acres or 4 thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or being 4 thereon ; and all that Spring of Water riling in the laft mentioned 4 Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedu&s, Pipes and Refenroirt 4 ufed for conveying or conducing the Water arifing from fuch 4 Spring to the Manlion Houfe called Claremont, for the Supply 4 thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging; and alio 4 all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the Higbfieldt containing 4 by Eftimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches, fituate < near the (aid Park ; and alfo all fuch Pew or Pews, or Part or

*	Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parilh Church of EJhert as beloog 4 to the faid Charles Rofe Ellis ; aud all Waters, Filhings, Ways, 4' Roads, Paths, Eafements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Ap-4 purtenances whatfoever, to the faid Manors, Manlion Houfe, and 4 other Houfes and Premifes, or any of them belonging or in any wife 4 appertaining; And the faid Commiffioners, Parties thereto, by the 4 laid Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf of^ His 4 Majefty, his Heirs and SucceiTors, covenanted, promifed and agreed, 4 to and with the faid Charles Rofe Ellis$ his Heirs, Executors, 4 Adminiftrators and Affigns, to pay the faid Sum of Sixty fix thou-4 fand Pounds, the Purchafe Money for the faid Premifes, in the Pro-4 portions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to lay,) 4 the Sum of Twelve thoufand Pounds, Part thereof, on the Delivesy 4 of the Poffeffion of the faid Premifes, or on the Title thereto being 4 approved of by the Counfel of the Purchafers, whichever fhould 4 firft happen, and the Refidue thereof to be paid by Four equal 4 annual Payments, the Firft of fuch Payments to be made on the 4 Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and feventeeo, 4 the Second, on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty firft Day of May 4 One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Fourth and 4 laft, on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred 4 and twenty, together with lawful Intereft for the fame, or the In-4 ftalments from time to time remaining unpaid from the Date of 4 the faid Articles of Agreement, fuch Intereft to be paid annually 4 on the fame Days as the Inftalments of the Principal: And it is by 4 the faid Articles of Agreement, amongft other things, further 4 provided and agreed that the faid Charles Rofe Ellis (hould within 4 One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the (aid f Commiffioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abftraft of and snake 4 out a good Tide to the faid Manors, Hereditaments and Premifes, 4 and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all In-

*	cumbrances, fave fuch as are therein and hereinafter mentioned; 4 and that he and they and all other neceflary Parties fhould and 4 would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next, by 4 fuch good and fufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and A durances,

*	as Counfel (hall advife, convey and allure the faid Manors, Man-4 fion Houfe, and all and fingujar other the Houfes, Lands, Here* 4 ditaments and Premifes fo contra&ed to be fold as aforefaid, with the 4 Appurtenances, to the Ufe of the faid Charles Rofe Ellis, or of fome

, 4 Perfou or Perfons to be named by him or them, and his and their 4 Executors, Adminiftrators and Aftigns, for a Term of Five hundred •* i ears, for fecuriog the Payment of the faid Purchaie Money, or fo 4 much thereof fhould remain unpaid at the time of the Execution

A.D.1816'

56* GEGLIIL

C. 115.

593

of fuch Deeds, together With lawful Intereft for the fame, at the times and in manner aforefaid, and fubje6l thereto, to the Ufe of fuch Perfonor Perfons, and upon fuchTruft or Trufts,arid in-fuch manner and Form as the Lords Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Cotnmiflioners, Parties to the faid Articles of Agreement, or the Commiifioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefls. and Land Revenues (hall dire& or appoint, free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever, except the Land Tax, and fave and except the faid Premifes, being fubjeft and charged with the Expences and Repairs of EJber Bridge, and fave and except certain Fee Farm and Cnftomary Rents, Heriots, Services and Rights of Common in the faid Articles of Agreement particularly, mentioned, and to which certain Parts of the faid Premifes are fubjeft; and the faid Charles Rofe EUis agreed to aflign and fet over all the Furniture, Goods, Chattels and other Perfonal Effeds by -the faid Articles of Agreement agreed to be fold, to fuch Per-fon or Perfous as the faid Lords Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or the faid Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Woods;

Forefls and Land Revenues (hall direct or appoint, either for his or their own Ufe and Benefit abfolutely or in Trull for any other Perfon or Perfons, Ufes or Purpofes : And it is by the faid Articles of Agreement further agreed, amongft other things, that the Fee Farm Rents and all Taxes and Out Goings for or in refpe& of the faid Premifes, (hould be borne, defrayed and paid by the faid Charles Rofe Ellis up to Midfummer Day in the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and fixteen, and that His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, (hould have Poffeffion of the Parts in Hand, -and receive all Rents, I flues and Profits of the Remainder of the faid Premifes as and from that Day; and it is in and by the faid Articles of Agreement exprefsly provided and declared, that if the Lords Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Treafury (hould rcfufe or decline to ratify that prefent Agreement, or if an A 61 of Parliament (hould not be palled in this prelent Seifion of Parliament for confirming fuch Agreement, and to enable the Lords Commiflioner? of the Treafury to advance the Sums requiiite to pay the feveral Instalments of the Purchafe Money as they refpeftively become due, and to authorize the Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts and Land Revenues to fell Crown Lands in order to provide for the Repayment of the Monies fo to be advanced, then and in either of fuch cafes, that Agreement and the Contraft thereby made, and every thing therein contained, (hould ceafe, determine and be wholly void: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provi-ions for enabling the faid Commiflioners, Parties to the faid Ar-icles of Agreement, to make good the Contraft thereby entered nto on behalf of His Majefty, and to carry the fame into Effe6l:

And Whereas by an A61 pafled in the Thirty eighth Year of His & G*3* prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for making perpetual, fubjed to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner therein Jtatcd, the federal Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear,from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand ftven hundred and ninety eight; and another A61 pafled in the Forty 4* G.3. c. 116. fecond Year of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for con-folidating the Provifions of the feveral Ads peffed for the Redemp-tion and Sale of the Land Tax into One Ad> and for making further 56 Geo. IIL	Q	q	*	Pro-

594

1133-

Agreement

confirmed.

The CUretnont Eftite refted m CommifTiooort of Woods and Foreftt in Truft for the Princeft and the Prince*

C.11S.	56*680.111.	A.D.1816.

4 Provifiao for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing

*	Doubts refoeSing the Right of Perfons claiming to vote at EleQions 4 for Knights of the Shiref and other Members to ferve in Petrluetnens,

*	In reJheS of Mejfuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Torn upon 4 •whichJhall have been redeemed or pur chafed; the Surveyor General 4 of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time being was em* 1 powered to contra& for the Sale from time to time, of lock or fo 4 much of the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements* Tithes, 4 Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds* Fens, 4 Marifaes, Wafte Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the 4 Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in Eng-4 land, as would raife a Sum fufficient for the Redemption of the 4 Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or belonging to the 4 Crown: And Wlfcreas under the Authority of the faid recited Adi 4 certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown have been fold 4 in order to raife Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax 4 charged on the Crown Eftates, and the Monies which have arifen 4 therefrom have been invefted in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per 4 Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annuities certain 4 Parts are now Handing in the Names of the Commiffioners of 4 His Majefty’s Treafury, an the Books of the Governor and Com-4 pasy of the Bank of England; and fuch Annuities, or confider-4 able Parts thereof, are not. immediately wanted for the Purposes 4 of the faid recited Ads of the Thirty eighth and Forty fecosd 4 Years of the Reign of His prefent M%fty; and in Older to 4 carry into Effed the Provifions of this Ad with as little Incon-4 venience as poffible, and to have a Fund ready for the Payment 4 of the feveral Inftalments of the faid Purchale Money as they 4 (hall refpedively become due, it is expedient that the CommiffioG-4 ers of His Majefty’s Treafury fhould be authorized and em-4 powered to fell a competent Put of the faid Bank Annuities from 4 time to time, in order to raife the Monies which will be reqmiito 4 to pay the (faid Inftalments as they (hall become payable* and to 4 apply the Monies fo to be railed in the Payment thereof accord* 4 ingly; and that the Commiffioners for the time being of His Ma-4 jefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, (hould be authorized 4 and empowered to fell and difpofe of certain Parts of the Pofief-4 Cons and Land Revenues of the Crown, and tpply the Money 4 arifing from fuch Sales in making good and replacing the Bask 4 Annuities which (hall have been to fold, or in purchafing Three 4 Pounds per Cent• Reduced Bank Annuities in lieu thereofBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by sad with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the faid hereinbefore in Part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on the faid Fifteenth Day of June in this prefont Year One thoufand eight hundred and ftxteen, Hull be and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofos whatsoever.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That at the time mentioned in the foid Articles of Agreement for the conveying the faid Eftate and Premifos, the laid Charles Rofe Ellis (hall by proper Conveyances and Aflurances in the Law convey the fame, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, to the Ufe of him the faid Charles Rofe EIBs, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, or of fqjne Perfon or Perfons

to

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.11S.

595

to be by him or them for that Purpofe nominated for a Term of Five hundred Years, for fecuring the Payment of the faid Purchase Monies and Intereft at the times and in the manner in the faid Articles of Agreement mentioned; and fubjeft thereto, to the Ufe of the Com-ntimoners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and .Land Revenues for ever; and that from and immediately after fuch Conveyance (hall be made and executed, dl thofe the faid Manors of Ether and Milbourne, or Watervilie EJher, and the faid Manfion or Dwelling Houfe called Claremont otherwise Claremount, with the Parks, Woods, Plantations, Pleafure Grounds and Gardens thereto belonging, and all other the MefTuages or Houfes, Farms, Cottages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore and in the faid Articles of Agreement particularly mentioned and defcribed, and the feveral Fixtures thereto belonging, by the (aid Articles of Agreement contra fled and agreed to be fold and difpofed of, (hall be fettled upon and *fefted in, and the fame are hereby fettled upon and veiled	,

in the CommifSoners for the time being of His Majefly’s Woods,	*

Forefts and Land Revenues for ever, but fubiefl and without Prejudice to the Leafes now fubfifling in the faid MefTuages, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes, or any Parts thereof, and fubjefl and without Prejudice to the faid Term of Five hundred Years, to be created according to the faid Articles of Agreement for fecuring the Payment of the faid Sum of tSixty fix thoufand Pounds and Intereft ; but neverthelefs upon the Trulls and for the Purpofes hereinafter exprefled and declared of and concerning the faid Eftate and Premifes; that is to fay, upon Truft that they the faid Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, (hall fuffer and permit Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Augujla, and His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourr of Saalfeldy during their joint Lives, and (haft fuffer and permit tne Survivor of them, during her or his Life to hold, ufe, occupy, poflefs and enjoy the faid Manors,

Manfion Houfe, Eftate and rremifes, and all Fixtures thereto be-fcnging, fo to be conveyed and affined under and in purfuance of the faid Articles of Agreement, and to take, have, collect and receive the Rents, I flues and Profits, coming, growing and arifing therefrom,‘in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if the fame were absolutely veiled in them, but without any Power to fell, convey, diipofe of, mortgage or otherwife alienate or incumber the fame or any Part thereof.

IIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That on the On the Death Death pf Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Augujla or °[ the Sumvor His Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg ^ C^pwn of Saalfeldy which ever (hall be the Survivor, the faid Manors, Man- pr0perty $ fion rioufe, Eftate and Hereditaments, and the feveral Fixtures thereto belonging, (hall veft in and become Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and (hall be fettled and adminiftered to the fame Ufes and in the fame manner as His Majefty’s Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be fettled and adminiftered.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if Her Royal on Princefs fuc-Highneft the Princefs Charlotte Augujla fhall fucceed to the Crown ceding to the of the United Kingdom in the Lifetime of His Serene Highnefs in thf_. Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeldy then and Highn^s^nd * in iuch cafe immediately after the Deceafe of His Serene Highnefs, ,fter H'uDe-the laid Manors, Manfion Houfe, Eftate and Hereditaments, and ceafe;

Q q 2	the

CIO*.

56® GEO. IIL

On granting Licence*, Owner* to give Security in Treble the Value of VeflVl

Security to be approved.

ComnhTionen of Cuftoms may grant Licences for Navigation of Lugger* not exceeding 65 Tom Burthen to be employed m North Sea FHhcry 5 but no Lugger to proceed beyond theDiflancee herein mentioned.

Owner ti Logger to giro Se-

A.D.y

•	XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to inotaie the j

*	of Security for Ships, Veflels and Boats, requiring to be lid Be it therefore ena&ed, That Security (hall be given by the C or Owners of every Ship, Veflel or Boat, for wnich a I be required, in Treble the Value thereof inftead of in ] Value, fitch Security to be given under the fame Condition, 1 Regulations, Reftriaions and Forfeitures as provided and c the Laws in force on and immediately before the palling of ttiJ as far as the fame are applicable thereto ; and the Owner crQ of any fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat fo requiring a Licence, fb the neceffary Security for the fame at the Port to which fodl Veflel or Boat lhall belong, and no other, and the Perfons to become fuch Security lor the fame (hall be Perfons agprort] the Coty&or and Comptroller of the Cuftoms, fuf refponfible and refiding at or near the fame Port; ai, o Aa or A 6b of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

•	XXIV. And Whereas by the Laws in force every Veff 4 longing in the whole or in part to His Majeftv’s Sabjtc

*	whereof One Half of the Perfons on board mall be Sal 4 His Majefty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Adi 4 ment, which lhall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, is, 1 4 with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle ind J 4 fubje& to Forfeiture, and may be feized by any Officer t 4 Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftomff h 4 And Whereas, in confequence of fuch Limitation of Tofkf ‘ Inconvenience has been experienced by Perfons carriiqtt]

*	North Sea Filhery, upon the Torkjhlre and Norfolk Cod? | Remedy whereof be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawfolu Commiifioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland, at or more of them refpe&ively, to grant Licences for tbe Navif Luggers, not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty five Tons, by / furement, intended to be folely employed iti the Filhery carried | the North Seat, between Saint Abb* Head on the Cotft of I and the South Foreland on the Coaft of Kent, provided that 0 Lugger lhall proceed beyond the refpe&ive Diftancesfrom the( hereafter mentioned ; (that is to fay), when any fuch Lugi employed in the Filhery to the Northward of a due Eaft Lice J Lowfiojfe Light Houle, and to the Southward of a due Eaft ] from Saint Abb* Head, it lhall not be lawful for fuch Lag] proceed beyond the Diftance of Twenty Leagues fiom the ( when any fuch Lugger lhall be employed in the Filhery to theS ward of the faid due Eaft Line from Loweftoffe Light Houfe, i to the Northward of a due Eaft Line from the North Fon' Hull not be lawful for fuch Lugger to proceed beyond the ] of Six Leagues from tbe Coaft; and whea employed in the Fiih to the Southward of the laid due Eaft Line from the North For and to the Northward of a due Eaft Line from the South For it lhall not be lawful for her to proceed beyond the Diftana of Fd Leagues from the Coaft; and if any Lugger licenfed under 9 , Provifion8 of this A6t lhall be found beyond tne Limits and Biibcn hereinbefore mentioned, every fuch Lugger lhall be feiied and pro* fecuted in the lame manner Ihe would have been if this Aft had not been made: Provided always, that the Owner and Ownen of every

Lugger,

5&GECX IIL

C. 104.

537

m Wed under the Provifions of tbit Ajft, (ball, before any curky in Treble IflMr proceed to Sea, or (ail out of any Port, Harbour or «• Value in Kingdom, giw Security by Bond to Hi* Majefty, hi*

|M S»cceflor», in the Penalty of Treble the Value thereof, in c.ivj, & £ larr required by an A & pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the tf Hit prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to extend the Pro-tf am AS made in the Forty third Tear of Hit prefent b for permitting certain Articles to be wareboufed in Great i, /j other Articles not therein mentioned? and to alter the in of the Bond direSed to he given bp an AS of the Twenty Ytv of His Prefent Majefy, by the Maflers and Owners

fr etd Beats ucenfed by the Lords of the Admiralty, with to certain Veffcls and Boats for whieh the Owner or n ve required to give Security by Bond as direded by that

KV. And Whereas the Regulations by Law eftablifhed for Prcvrotion of Frauds on the Shipment of Goods for Exports bin refped of which a Drawback or Drawbacks of Excife is or payable, have been found inefficient to anfwer the good Purer thereby intended, and it has therefore become neceflary to he farther Regulations in refped thereof,’ Be it therefore ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jody One thouiand hundred and fixteen, all and every Perion and Perfons intend-) export any Goods in refpe& of which any Drawback or backs of Excife (hall or may become payable, (hall give to the r Officer or Officers of Excife of the Port where the fame be Hupped, Six Hours at the leafl before fuch Shipment (hall ude, x Notice thereof in Writing, in which Notice (hall be fed the Number of Packages intended to be fo (hipped, with refpe&ie Marks and Numbers, and the Quantity and Quality t Goods contained in each fuch Package, and Rate and Amount nty which have been paid thereon, and (hall alfo foecify the or Place where fuch Package or Packages and Goods are » ud from which fuch Goods are intended to be (hipped, and ttevhm fuch Shipment is intended to take place, and the Name t % or Veffel in which the fame are intended to be (hipped and ted, and of the Matter or Commander thereof, and of the par-r Port or Place to which fuch Goods are intended to be exported, fo the Place or Situation of the Port in which fuch Veffel (hall lie and may be found ; and that if any Goods (hall be (hipped xportation, without fuch Notice as aforefaid being fo given hvered ss aforefaid, or without fuch Officer having been allowed iportwrity of infpe&ing and examining the fatne in confequence i Notice, or if fuch Fferfon or Perfons (hall not, after the Earn of fuch Six Hours, or after the hud Officer has finifhed and ktedhii Examination of the laid Goods, with all due Diligence, mboot any uanecefiary Delay, (hip the fame and every Part ^ no Drawback or Drawbacks oT Excife (hall be paid or thereon or in refped thereof*

Hft. And be it further ena&ed, That if upon the Examin-1 my Goods, or any Package or Packages fpecified in fuch s a aforefaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excife, any of Goods, Package 6r Packages (kali be found to vary from the

Description

Regulations to be obferved on the Shipment of Good* for Exportation where Drawbacks of Excife are allowed*

Notice.

Goods (hipped without Notice, See.

No Drawback.

If on Examination fuch Goods (hall bo found to vary from Defcriptioo given, and a

598

C. 115.

56® GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Neglect in not paying Pur chafe Money into Bank within time Hmited.

Penalty.

mediately after fuch Inrolment, and thenceforth liar ever, the re-fpeftive Purchafers, their Heirs, Succeffors or Aifigns (ball by force of this A61 be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the a&ual Sofia and PofTeilion of the Premifes fo by them refpeftively purchafed, and (hall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and dif-charged of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under flim or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes at His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if fuch Sale had not taken place.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Certificate as aforefaid fall hie granted, (hall negleft to pay into the Bank the Confideration Money therein to be fpecified for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of fuch Certificate, or (hall negleft to inroll fuch Certificate* and the faid CafhiePs Receipt for the Money for the Hke Space of time, then every fuch Certificate (hall be null and void, and die Con-fideration Money, if paid into the Bank, (hall be forfeited, unlefi the Commiffioners of His Majefty’* Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being (hall for any reasonable Caufe to them (hewn for the Omifiion of fuch Inrolment, order the fame Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tnnc9 and which upon fuch Caufe being (hewn they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Com-miffioners of His Majeny’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, (hall in every Report whi#h (hall be made by them to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, and to both Houles of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, from and after the palling of this Aft, fo long as the Power of Sale given by this Aft (hall continue in force, certify and report what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown (hall have been fold under and by virtue of the Provifions of this Aft fmee the time of the making their laft preceding Report, and what Sum or Sums ff Money (hall fcftve been raifo^ bv Means of every Sale, and in what manner the fame (hall have been appbed and

Power of Sale to difpofed of; and that when and as foon as all the Monies required for the Purpofes of this Aft (hall have been railed, the Said Com-miffioners (hall certify the fame in their then next Report; and when and as foon as the fame (hall be fo raifed, all the Powers of Sale hereby given to them (hall ceafe and be no further exercifed.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Deed or Writing, Conveyance, Mortgage, Affignment or other Inftrument, which (hah be made, executed or (igned by any Perfon or Perfons in purfuance of t(e (aid recited Articles of Agreement, or for carrying the fame into Execution, nor any Certificate or Receipt to be given or granted to any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Manors, Lordfhtpt, Meffuages or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, (hall be fubjeft or liable to any Stamp Doty whatsoever impofed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Dufy to be impofed by any future Aft or Afts of Parliament, unlds the fame be ipeciilly fubjeftad thereto and fpedfically charged therewith in and by fuch future Aft or Afts of Parliament.

Commiffioners of Woods to certify in their Report to The King and Parliament what Sales have been made under this Atl.

ceafe when Money required for Purpofes aforefoid is raifed.

Deeds, ftc. to be exempted from Sump Duty.

CAP.

56* GEO. III.

C. 1Ifc

599

CAP. CXVI.

Ay Ad to explain and amend an Aft pafled in the Fifty fifth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for tie Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connefted vdth the Gaols in England.	[	t ft July 1816.]

« TT7HEREAS an Aft pafled in the Fifty fifth Year of the

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the 4 Abolition of Gaol and other Fees eonneSed with the Gaols in Eng* 4 land: And Whereas Doubts hare arifen whether the Judges of 4 Affize hare Power under and by virtue of the faid Aft, to grant 4 to certain Officers who before the paffing of the fame were entitled 4 to certain Feeg abolifhed by the faid Aft, a Certificate for the Pur-4 pofe of enabling the faid Officers to receive Compenfation for fuch 4 Fees fo abolifhed as aforefaid : And Whereas it is expedient that 4 fuch Doubts fhould be removed Be it therefore declared and enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame; That from and after the paffing of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for the Judges of Affize, who have gone the feveral Circuits fince the toiling of the faid Aft, as well as future Judges of Affize, refpeftively, to grant fuch Certificate as is required by the faid Aft ; and the faid Judges of Affize are hereby authorized and reouired to receive from every fuch Officer as, previous to the paffing ot the faid Aft, was lawfully entitled to any Fees abolifhed by the faid Aft, an Account in Writing of what they feveraily claim to be due to them for fuch aboUflied Fees, which Account (hall be verified upon the Oath of the Party churning the faffise, in like manner as is provided by the faid Aft in refpqft to the Clerks of Affize and Clerks of the Peace.

II. And be it further enafted. That the Amount of every fuch Account, after being verified as aforefaid, (hall be paid in the fame manner as is provided in and by the find Aft, in refpeft to the Clerks of Affize and Clerks of the Peace.

* HI. And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether the faid Aft

*	extends to Prifonen confined in Gaols and Prifons under Civil 4 Procefs for Debt only, and whether Prisoners confined in the

*	Gaols and Prifons of Liberties and Franchises under Civil Procefs 4 for Debt, and the Gaolers and Keepers of fuch Gaols and Prifons,

* are within the Meaning and Purview of the faid recited Aft: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be removed Be ir therefore further declared and enafted, That the faid recited Aft and the Provifions therein contained (hall be deemed and construed to extend and (hall extend to all Prifoners, as well Civil as Criminal, whmher confined for Debt or Crime in any of the Prifons in England, except as to the faid Prifons in the faid Aft excepted; and that the Gaolers and Keepers of all fuch Gaols and Prifons, except as aforefaid, and their Servants, as well within Liberties as without, (hall have Compenfation for their Fees or Gratuities abo-lHbedfljy the laid recited A ft or this Aft, as in the faid recited A ft is mentioned.

IV. And be it enafted. That the Allowances made to the Bodar or Keeper of the Prifon of Donor Caftle, in Heu of Fees and Gratuities paid or payable by any Prifoner on his or her Entrance, Commitment or Difoharge to or from fuch Prifon, and alfo the

Q q 4>	Com-

55 0*3-c. 50-

Judges of Affix* nay grant Certificate to certain Officers to receive Compen-fction for abo-lilhed Fees;

to be paid in lame manner os is provided by recited Ad.

Recited Ad to extend to Prifoners for Debt.

Allowances to Gaole* of Dovor Caftle Prifon, fcc. how to be paid.

600

C. 116,117

56° GEO. III.

A.B.1816.

f	S

54 Gij.c.icvii

39 ft 40 G. 3. C94, §x.

Offenders becoming Infane, during Confinement, may be removed to any Lunatic Afylum.

Compenfation to the Regiftrar of the Cinque Ports and Clerk of Dovor Caftle for the Liberati granted to any Debtor or *j* his or her Difcharge, (hall be paid out of the Funds raifed by virtue of an A& of Parliament, paifed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the Relief of Poor Debtors mmd others .confined within the Gaol of Dovor Caftle : Provided always* that fuch Allowance and Compenfation (hall be verified, allowed and paid in the fame manner as the Relief to fuch Poor Debtors, and Pay- I ment for the fame is directed to be allowed, verified and paid by the faid recited Aft.

CAP. CXVII.

An A 6t to amend an Aft paffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty for the fafe Cuftody of Infane Perfons charged with Offences.

[]ft July 1816.]

*	HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Thirty ninth and For-4 VV tieth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled

*	An Ad for the fafe Cuftody of Infane Perfons charged kvitb Offences, 4 it is enafted, that in certain cafes, therein fpecified, it (hall be law-

*	ful for Courts of Juftice to direft Infane Perfons to be kept in fafe f Cuftody, in fuch Place and in fuch manner as to fuch Court (hall 4 feera fit, until His Majefty’s Pleafure (hall be known ; and that it

*	(hall thereupon be lawful for His Majefty to give fuch Order for the 4 fafe Cuftody of fuch Perfons, during his Pleafure, in fuch Place 4 and in fuch manner as to His Majefty (hall feem fit: And Whereas 4 it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made for the due Care of 4 Perfons who may, after Conviftion. for any criminal Offence, be-4 come Infane;9 Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon having been duly convifted of any Offence, who after fuch Conviction and during his or her Imprifonment or Continuance in any Gaol, Prifon, Hulk, Penitentiary Houfe or Houfe of CorreftioD, under Sentence of Tranfportation or Imprisonment, (hall become Infane, and it (hall be duly certified by Two Phyficians or Surgeons that fuch Perfon is Infane, it (hall be lawful for One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State to direft. by Warrant under his Hand, that fuch Perfon as aforefaid (hall be removed to fuch Lunatic Afylum or other proper Receptacle for Infane Perfons in the United Kingdom, as His Majefty’s faid Principal Secretary of State may judge proper and appoint; and every fuch Perfon fo removed as aforefaid (hall remain under Confinement in fuch Lunatic Afylum or other proper Receptacle as aforefaid, or in any other Lunatic Afylum or other proper Receptacle, to which fuch Perfon may be removed by any like Order, until it (hall be duly certified to His Majefty’s faid Principal Secretary of State, by Two Phyficians or Surgeons, that fuch Perfon has become of found Mind; whereupon His Majefty’s faid Secretary of State is hereby authorized, if fuch Perfon (hall dill remain fubjeft to ImprifomBent or to be continued in Cuftody, to iffue his Warrant to. the Keeper or other Perfon having the Care of any fuch Lunatic Afylum or other, proper Receptacle as aforefaid, direfting that fuch Perfon (hall be removed

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III. C. 117, 118, 119.

601

back from fuch Lunatic Afylum or other proper Receptacle! to the-Gaol, Prifon, Hulk, Penitentiary Houfe or Houfe of Correftion, from whence the laid Perfon or Perfons (hall hare been taken, for the Purpofes of being confined in fuch Lunatic Afylum or other proper Receptacle as aforefaid during the time of their being Infaoe ; or, if the Period of Imprifonment or Cuftody of fuch Perfon had expired, that fuch Perfon (hall be difcharged.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft for admitting Oil and Blubber from the Briti/b Colonies in iNorth Americat upon Payment of the lik$ Duty as Oil and Blubber from Newfoundland.	[id July 1816.3

< HE REAS it is expedient that the Duties now impofed by 4	Law	upon Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fifli or Crea-

*	tures living in the Sea, taken and caught in the Gulf of Saint 4 Lawrence, or on the Shores of any Briti/b Colony or Plantation in 4 North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s

*	Subjefts ufually redding in any oftthe faid Colonies or Plantations,

*	and carrying on fuch Fiftiery from thence, (hould be repealed, and 4 that in lieu thereof the fame (hould be liable to the like Duties as 4 are now by Law impofed upon Oil and Blubber being the Produce

*	of the Newfoundland Fifheries Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, the Duties now payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught in the Gulf of Saint Law-rence, or on the Shores of any Briti/b Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjefts ufually redding in any of the faid Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on fuch Fiftiery from thence, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and in lieu and inftead thereof fuch Oil and Blubber (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Duties as are now by Law impofed upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Oil and Blubber being the Produce of Fi(h or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjefts carrying on fucb Fiftiery from that Idand and redding therein, and imported direftly from thence, on the like Proofs and Certidcates as are required on the Admiffion of Oil and Blubber of the Newfoundland Fiftiery as before recited, to the Duty impofed thereon by Law $ and fuch Duties (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, paid and applied in the fame manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions as the former Duties were.

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament for punilhiiig Mutiny and Defertion in relation to the Tranfportation of Offenders. [ 1 ft July \ 816.3 4 TT7HEREAS an Aft palled in the prefent Seffion of Parlia- Ante, c. 10. « W ment, intituled An AS for pumjbing Mutiny and Defertion,

« and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters : And

4 Whereas

Duties now payable on Oil and Blubber from Britiih Colonies in North America repealed, and in lieu thereof like Duties as are impofed on Oil and Blubber the Produce of Fi(h taken in New-foundland Fiftiery.

C. 119,120.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816L

Orders made by any Judge in relation to Transportation of Offenders tried by Courts Martial to be obeyed by all Perfons concerned.

Clerks of Affixes &c. (hall yearly tranfmk to Chief Secretary Accounts of the Number of Perfons committed, diltingui&ing the Offences, &c. according to Schedule annexed.

*	Whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the Provifions of the

*	laid Aft in relation to the Tnffifportation of Perfons fenteoced 4 to Tranfportation by Courts Martial, or of Perfons fentenced to 4 Death by Courts Martial, to whom His Majefty (ha]} gracioufly 4 extend his Mercy upon Condition of Tranfportation Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Order made by any Juftice of The King’s Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, under any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force at the time of making any fuch Order in relation to the Tranfportation of Offenders, for the Tranfportation of any Offender fentenced to Tranfportation by any Court Martial, or being liable to the Pumfb-ment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, to whom His Majefty (hall have been gracioufly pleafed to extend or (hall be gracioufly pleafed to extend his Mercy, upon Condition of Trasf-portation, and every Aft consequent upon any fuch Order, (hall be obeyed and done by the Perfon in whofe Cuftody fuch Offender (hall at the time be, and all other Perfons whom it may concern, and (hall be as effeftual and have all the fame Confequences as any Order made or Aft done under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to the Tranfportation of Offenders with refpeft to any Offender in any fuch Aft or A6b of Parliament mentioned ; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Conftahles or other Perfons, (hall obey every fuch Order, and be Affiftant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Pnniihment for Difobedi-ence or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of any fuch Aft or Afts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to the Trim/port-ation of Offenders; any thing in the faid recited Aft of tikis Seffios of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CXX.

An Aft to procure Annual Returns of Perfons committed, tried and convifted for Criminal Offences and Mifdemeanors in Ireland*	[ift July 1816.]

*	'VI7HEREAS it is expedient that regular Returns ffiouldbe

*	VV made of the Commitments of Perfons charged with Cri-‘ minal Offences in Ireland^ an# the fubfequent Proceeding thereon Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the feveral Clerks of Affixes, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Seffions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks in Ireland, (hall, within the Firft Fourteen Days of the Month of January in each Year, return and tranfmit to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor ffir Governors of Ireland for the* time being, at the Office of fuch Chief Secretary in Dublin CafiUt Accounts of-the Number of Perfons, Male and Female, committed to the feveral Gaols in Inland for Trial, and

*	tried

i A.D.1816.

669 GEO. ILL

C.120.

608

c	tried or difcharged at the feveral Aifizes, Seffions of Oyer and Ter-

i	miner and Gaol Delivery, General Seffions, Quarter Seffions and

B	other Seffions at which they refpedively ad as fuch Clerks as afore-

p	faid, which fhall have been holden within the preceding Year; diftin-

j.	gui filing particularly the Crimes with which all fuch Perfons were

leverallj charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which js	fuch of them as were indided were refpedively indided, and the

t	Crimes of which fuch of them as were coovided were refpedively

convided; and diftinguifhing under each Head of Offence the Num-, bers convided, acquitted, difcharged by reafon of no Bill being t found again (I them and difcharged by reafon of no Profecution, ana the Sentences of fuch as were convided, and alfo flaring under each Head of Offence the Numbers of thofe capitally convided who have ‘	been executed; and all fuch Accounts mall be made out and re*

r	turned according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad

annexed, or in fuch Form and manner and with any fuch additional Particulars as (hall from time to time be ordered and required by ,	fuch Chief Secretary in that behalf, and fuch Accounts (hall be

\	figned by every fuch Clerk of Aifize, Clerk of the Crown or other

Clerk as aforefaid refpedively; and every Clerk of Aifize, Clerk Clsrk of AlIUs, of the Crown or other Clerk as aforefaid, who (hall refufe or negled *c. refuting, to make or tranfmit any fuch Return or Account in the manner and Form prefcribed, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of ; One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or Adion at Penalty, the Suit of His Majefty in any Court of Record in Ireland•

II.	And be it further enaded, That the Chief Secretary to the Returns to be ' Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland hid before

for the time being, (hall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January P^lhment and the Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament (hall be fitting during any Part of /uch Period, or if Parliament (hall not be fitting dunng any Part of fuch Period, then within Fourteen Days after Parliament (hall meet after the laid Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, caufe all fuch Accounts and Returns to be laid before Parliament.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Grand Juries affembled Allowances to at the refpedive Spring Affixes for the feveral Counties and Coun- Clerks of Aflne, ties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, and at the Prefenting Term for to ** httltd the County and County of the City of Dublin next after fuch Re- ?rand turns fhall be made by fuch Clerks of Aflize, Clerks of the Crown llna,,

and other Clerks refpedively in each and every Year, f fettle and afeer-	f ft.

tain the Allowances to be paid to the Clerks of Aifize, Clerks of the Crown and other Clerks as aforefaid, adingat the refpedive Affixes and Seffions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in making fuch Returns; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Grand Juries refpedively, and they are hereby required to prefent the Amount of fucn Allowances to be raifed off the County at large, or County of the City or Town, as the cafe may be, to which fuch Returns refpedively relate or apply; and fuch Amount when raifed fhall be paid by the Trea* furer or fuch County, or County of a City or Town, to fuch Clerk of Aifize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk refpedively, f alfo fft. fhall be entitled to the fame under the Provifions of this Ad*

§CHE-

538

gMtter Drawback would hare heeu claimed than-of Right due, Good* forfeited.

Entering fuch Goods for Exportation.

Penalty.

45 G.3. r. x*X.

47 O. 3. Seff.a. e. 66.

Perfons detained under recited Ads liable to ferve in the Mary.

C.10 u

56*GEQ.UI.

Description thereof refpe£Bvely contained m foch Notice, fc higher or greater Sum of Money than of Ri^fat die Mb claimed, or would according to inch Defaription, in cafe 6 covery or Dete&on had not been made, have been, 00 tk] ation of fuch Goods or Package or Packages le^icfliidfti payable as-a Drawback or as Drawbacks of Exafc tn reopen or His Majefty in any refpd& defrauded therein, aHuiejj Goods or Package or Packages, and the Goods costaun refoe&ireiy, (hall be forfeited, and ihall and may bt kail Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Perfioa or Prim have entered the fame for Exportation, knowing thereof, M and above all other Penalties, forfeit and lofe for red d fuch Offence Treble the Value of fuch Goods, mdodkg dl or Duties paid or payable thereon, or the Sum of 0*1 Pounds for each and every fuch Package, at the Eietbos Gommiffioners of Exdfe, to be fignified in and by the idbfl to be filed or exhibited for the Recovery thereof. I * XXVII. And Whereas Doubts may arife whether mM 4 Perfons who hath or have been, or who hereafter {bluff

*	arrefted and detuned under or by virtue of an Ad rxflH

*	Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty*s Reign, knUJ 4 fer the more fffitQual Prevention of Smuggling, orrfwfif 4 palled in the Fbrty feventh Year of £ Rein of A af

*	Majefty, intituled An All to make more efiSuuPmjkt 4 Prevention of Smuggling ; and who, under or

4 Ads or either of them, is, are or would be Habit aklJJ 4 into His Majefty’s Naval Service, now is, are or oqfcn 4 be kept and detained in the (aid Service, by reafbatbthi 4 not be any Perfon or Officer employed in His Majdj’ili 4 Sendee, or authorized or empowered by Warrant to wpwS 4 into the faid Service Be it therefore eroded and deM wU and every Perfon and Perfons who now is or are or bah or may be arrefted or detained under or by virtue mentioned Ads, or either of them, and who, under or bf h the faid Ads or either of them, is, are or would have kail be impreffed into His Majefty’s Naval Service, is, are id I liable to ferve His Majefty in the faid Service, and to be detained in the faid Service, in fuch and the fame nan*r,i fuch and the fame Period of time as in the faid Adi, them, is mentioned; and that all and every Brrfow isd J Officers and Officer, who by the faid Ads or either of tbs' or would have been authorized or empowered to rccee, h detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons as m the bid Adsorb them is or are mentioned, are, is and ihall be, and are sditb declared to be authorized and empowered fo to do, is M* fame manner, and as fully and effe&ually to all Iatentiadtaj as if all and every fuch Perfons or Perfon, Officers or Ok been authorized and empowered fo to do by any lop^ iffiied for that Purpofe.

Crimes anid Sentences of Prifoners convi&ed.

CRIMES.	Total Number of Perfons convi&ed.	sentences.										Number of Perfons capitally convi&ed who have been executed.
		Death.	Tranfportation.		Imprisonment.			Whipping.	0  1	1  Other Judgment.'	Judgment  refpited.	
			5  >*  f	fi  8	Years.	I Year.	6 Months and under.					
												1;
												



A. D. 1816.	56® GEO. III. C. 120.	605

540

C. 105.

56® GEO. IIL

AJL

^5 G. 3.c.139.

Inftead of Countervailing Duties on Britifh or Irifti Spirits now payable, the following to be

Countervailing

Dudes.

Fifth Day of july, and during the Continnanceof this Ad,d be allowed and paid a Drawback of Four pence Fathii^ more, upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits, for and in itfpefi Duty paid on the Malt ufed and confumed in the makafi Spirits, in lieu and inftead of all Drawbacks allowed oral able on fuch Spirits by the (aid Ad hereby continued, m Ad made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled AtM an additional Duty of Etccife in Ireland upon Spirits mi*i from Com or Grain.	j

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in lieu of tbe fan ervailing Duties on Britifb or Irijb Spirits mentioned in tka hereby continued, or in any other Act or Ads, there finlhi levied, colle&ed and paid to and for the Ufe of His Mad Heirs and SuccefTors, during the Continuance of thbAMU countervailing Duties following; that is to (ay,

For every Gallon Irijb Wine Meafure of Spirits vhid I made or manufadured in Great Britain, and which st toy M the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred ami fan be imported, or brought from thence under or by virtue efil or the faid Ad hereby continued, into Ireland^ st i&nfj exceeding that of One to Four, or Twenty five ftrCaiu Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Five Shilhogiarffiif Farthing Briti/b Currency; and fo in proportion ktujkkO{ of Strength* not being left than that of One tohfflkj Centum over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon Englijb Wine Meafure of SpirittifchH made or manufadured in Ireland, and which at anywdHj Tenth Day of Offober One thoufand eight hundred aod tab! be imported or brought from thence under or by virtu of H or the faid Ad hereby continued, into that Fart of QttiSn called Englandy at a Strength not exceeding that of Oaij over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Nine SUM Sixpence Three Farthings; and fo in proportion for ujff Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Foe Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon EngRfb Wine Meafure of Spirits which Hi made or manufadured in Ireland\ and imported or brtxigi* thence under or by virtue of this Ad or the faid Ad henhy tinued, into Scotland between the Tenth Day of OdoUr Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred aod Hi a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hyc , Proof, an Excife Duty of Eight Shillings and Four pence Farth and fo in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength m* ad that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof s	j

And that from the time of palling this Ad, for Engli/b Wine Meafure of Spirits which (hall be made or maasfo™

Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under a Ml of this Ad, or the faid Ad hereby continued, into Saw j which (hall, before or upon the Tenth Day of Nevmbtr Ok w (and eight hundred and fixteen, be imported sod broogfo a Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer aa Excife Duty of One Shilling and Two peoce'Halfjpeniiy:

Slfi.

56° GEO. III.

C.XOS.

541

ifcrmy Gallon Emglifi Wine Meafure of Spirits which (hall ramufe&iired in Ireland* and imported or brought from rife Tenth Day of JVimaritr One thoufand eight hundred der and by virtue of this Ad or the {aid Ad. hereby ► Scotland* at a Strength not exceeding that of One r Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Five Shillings ace Farthine, and fo in proportion for any greater Degree not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer

fcr every Gallon JSugH/b Wine Meafure of Spirits which (hall bet mmafaftured in Ireland* and imported or brought from after the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred ftka, under or by virtue of this Ad, or the faid Ad hereby M bto Scotland* and from Scotland into that Part of Great periled England* at a Strength not exceeding that of One jsser Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Three Shillings t peace Halfpenny.

{always, and be it further enaded. That the feveral j Duties impofed by the faid Ad hereby continued on : or manufactured in Ireland, and imported from thence efid Ad into England or Scotland, (hall refpedively remain IMaee payable for and in refped of all fuch Spirits fo im-•Uat or upon the faid Tenth Day of Offober One thoufand ■Abed and fixteen.

\kaA be it further enaded. That in all Trials of the Strength f Inch Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife in any Part m Unfed Kingdom by the Hydrometer called Sikes's (a) tr,vfaenand fo foon as the fame (hall be by Law eftablimed jhtntoufe, the Strength of Eight ter Centum above Proof, K by the hid Hydrometer, (hall be lubftituted and taken for A of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in ? hid Ad firft hereinbefore recited; and that in all fuch In aforcfevd Twenty two per Centum above Proof, denoted by « Hydrometer called Sties9s (a) Hydrometer, (hall be fub-lad taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer iff oeotioiied in this and the faid Ad firft hereinbefore recited; Mtt afl Spirits made fubjed to Forfeiture under or by virtue of jtohft mentioned Ads, or either of them, for or by reafon of firing refpedively of a higher Degree of Strength than One to kfe One to Four over Hydrometer Proof refpedively as aforefaid, 1 together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be fremain forfeited for and by reafon of the faid Spirits being pftnriy of a higher Degree of Strength than the faid Strength B$Apr .Centum or Twenty two per Centum above Proof refped-4p» aforefaid.	(a) [Spelt Sykes, cap. 106. pojl. § 29.]

Ill And be it further enaded. That no Diftiller or Diftillers of fa in Scotland for Exportation to England, nor any Diftiller or Pkn in England for Exportation to Scotland, or for Home jgje or Confumption, (hall make or brew any Wort or Wa(h for Mhtim from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with jbetween the Fifth Day of July and the Firft Day of 0Sober jkfoafand eight hundred and fixteen, and if any fuch Diftiller or between the Fifth Day of July and the Firft Day of One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, make or brew any

Worts

Countervailing Duties under 54 G. 3. c. 149. | 3. on Spirits nude in Ireland to continue on Spirits imported before 10th OS*

Trials of Strength of Spirits by Sikes*# Hydrometer.

In what cafe

Spirits, See. fubjed to Forfeiture under this Ad, and 54 G. 3. c. 149. $ 7. to remain lb.

No Won or Wa<hfrom Malt, See. to be brewed far Distillation between July 5 and 06bi,i8i6b

9

Duties to He under Management of Com-mil!ioners of fxcife.

Duties and Drawbacks how to be levied and

paid.

Former Ada ill fpi ce.

Dutiee carried to Confiriidated Fond.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

C. 105.

St*GEO. in.

AJU

Wort* or Warfh from Mak, Cora, Grave nr rWn* or aayl with the W, the fame flmll beforfeitedrandflnllandimyb by any Officer or Officers of Exctfe.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That fach of the J Ad impofed asAiaH arife »that Part of Groat Britain t fhall be under the Management of the Comanffioucra of J England for the time being ; and fuch thereof at (hail nil Part of Great Britain called Scotland Audi be under tki of the Commiffionert of Excife in Scotland for the time k _ fuch thereof as fhall arife in that Part of the United Kiogfcaj Ireland fhall be under the Management of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the {aid Dotkiaail

backs by this Ad impofed and granted fhall refpedweJr brl levied, collided, recovered and paid, in fuch ahd the like mm in or by any or either of the General or Special Menu, fl Methods by which the former Duties and Drawback of f refpedively were or might be railed* levied, caUeded, i paid, and the faid Perlons, Goods, Wares, MercbmdimS modities, fo by this Ad refpedively made liable to the I or chargeable with the faid Duties impofed or entitled foie. Drawbacks refpedively granted by this Ad, (hail be and ths J are hereby made fubjed and liable to all and every tkCwfc Regulations, Rules, Reftridions and Forfeitures, to lit I Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or CoounoditinsBtf or fpecially fulled and liable by any Ad- or Adsdf force on and immediately before the pafling of this Duties of Excife, or other Duties under toe Managenwtoifci Commiffiooers of Excife in England and Scotland* udofCm and Port Duties in Ireland* refpedively, were or sudsbem or liable \ and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever couwWqji or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force ooniiff diately before the raffing of this Ad, for fecuriqg the beat Excife, or other Duties under the Management of the WO miffioners of Excife refpedively, or for the Regulation and lam meat thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers wad	m

contained, fhall and are hereby direded and declared toextad to (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execstioo farl in refped of the faid feveral Duties and Drawbacks of Eidfcit^ ively hereby charged and impofed, in as full and ample mauitr, H Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the hid A Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Diredions, Fine* Paipx, Poaifle Forfeitures were particularly repeated and recna&ed in the Body this Ad.

X.	And be it further enaded. That all the Monies viytyA Duties by this Ad impofed (the neceflary Charges of «hf« accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to tarhep* into the Receipt of His Mafcfty’s Exchequer, and dull be earned i and made Part of the Confolidated Fund.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Faatoeia Forfeitures, impofed by this Ad, fhall be fned for, rscofutd,kn or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as aay Fine, Peosk or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mttigitod by is

MS

.1*11

J&* GEO. 111.

a 105,106.

4* 1m of Excife, or by aAy AAkm of Debt, Bill, Plaint of ^Whritt any of His Mqefty’s Courts of Record at WcftminfitrJ I Graft ot Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland refpeAively, and t Moiety of every fueh Fine,- Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be bio Heirs and Suceeflfors, and the other Moiety td i who (hall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

. And be it further enaAed, That this A A may be altered, fed or repealed by any AA to be made in this prefent Seffiori

CAP. CVI. ift to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wafh ft.Spirits and Diftillers' Licences; to grant other Duties Cfien thereof; and to eftablifh further Regulations for the 922ation of Spirits from Com for Home Confumption in wlbndj until the Tenth Day of November One fhoufand gfct hundred and eighteen.	[iii	July 1816/}

17	HERE AS an AA was paffed in the Twenty fifth Year of rf the Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An Alt for much of an A3 made in the laft SeJJton of Parliament, f ookta to the Drftiltatbn of Com Spirits in Jmall Stills, in certain or Dtfiri&s of the Highlands in that Part of Great ha called Scotland ; and for authorizing the Commjjjtoners oj ecift in Scotland to grant Licences to Perfons living tn the faid make or DiftriSs to diftil Spirits from Barley, Bear or Big, the rovrtk of Use faid Counties, and for impojing a Duty on fueh knees: And Whereas another AA was pafled in the Thirty bird Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 w the Beguktion of Djj/KHerics m Scotland, and the Exportation f Brrtrft made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scot-ad to England, for a limited time : And Whereas another A A as paled m the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent ffeyfty, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majtfly additional duties oo Diftdlerits in the fevered Parts of the Highlands of Scot-md, herein particularly defertbed, for a limited time ; and for tgdatixg the Dudes on BtfliBerter in the refoeSive Dtflrids m eodand: And Whereas another A A was paifed in the Thirty nth and Fortieth Years* of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, tituled An A3 for repealing the Duties of Exetfe on DtJltUeries in :odand, and on the Exportation 6f Britifti made Spirits from upland to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof t w for altering, amending and continuing certain A3s of Parliament >r the Regulation of DyBlkrics in Scotland \ by which feveral ids Regulations were made relative to Stills ana DiftiQeries in rrtain Dtftri&s of Scotland, diftingnifhed from each other by otmdaries, in the faid AAs refpeAirely particularly described and * forth: And Whereas another A A was made in the Fifty wtrth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 w repealing the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Diftillers* Wafts, Wrifr and Licences, and for granting other Dudes tn Ren thereof: And Whereas another A A was made in the Fifty fifth Year of tne Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to continue, until he Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and Jixteeu,

« the

A3 may be altered, See.

*5 G. 3. c. a*.

33 O.3.C.61.

37 G. 3. c. 104.

39 * 40 G, 7. c* 73*

SS G' 3-

C.106. •

Expedient to repeal Duties of

54 G.3.C.X7*. I*.	*

Duties repealed.

Exception.

Inftead of Duties repealed, the Duties herein mentioned to be paid.

56*OEO. ul



*	the temporary Fourth Part of the Duties, payable in 4 DiJHUers’ Wafb, Spirits and Licences, tmpojed by 4 tff*] fourt^ Fear of His prefent Mcpejty ; and for 4 Mojeftj* b Order in Council to modify the Qpere^mtfy 4 dd, or reduce the Duties thereby impo/ed: And Wi 4 have been entertained, whether the Diitindion of Loi 4 land and Hltermediate Diffri&s, as defcribed by the

*	Lines in any of the faid Ads made in the Twenty

*	third, Thirty feventh and Thirty ninth and Fortieth]

*	ively, of His Majefty’s Reign, were aboliflted by the HA'

4 mentioned Ads of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fiftLYoni

*	Majefty’s Reign refpe&ively, or were ftiU to be cootai

*	observed; and by reafon thereof Queftions have arifea,

*	Spirits could pafs from any one Part to any other Pirtof

*	and it is neceffary that Spirits Ihould be allowed to be 4 Permit from any one Part to any other Part of Set 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Duties impofed by the 4 Ad, palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reita of ‘ Majefty, upon Wort or Walh brewed or made from

*	Grain or Tilts, or any Mixtures therewith, and 4 extraded therefrom, and upon Licences to be oka 4 DiftiUers and Redifters in Scotland, Ihould be repokd,!

*	other Duties Ihould be fubftituted in lieu thereof; ndtW 4 Regulations Ihould be made with refped to the ‘ Manufadure of Spirits from Corn tor Home I.

4 Scotland May it therefore pleafe Your Majeftydtk. enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Euebt| by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the T< of November One thoufand eight hundred and ftxteen, all md the Duties of Excife on Worts or Walh brewed or nude fas! Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in tfj Scotland, for extrading Spirits for Home Confumpbon in i and all and Angular the Duties on Spirits made or diftOledin from Malt, Com, Grain,, Tilts or any Mixture therewith, fumption in Scotland, and upon Licences to be taken oat by and Re&ifiers in Scotland (a), (hall be. and the hune lie repealed; fare and except in all cafes relating to the rect allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ivehr, which i*y that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfettrt* fi Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpedively, which MU) been incurred at any time before or on that Day. WIM Terms on which former Duties repealed\ 54 G. 3. c, ip>j !•]

II.	And be it enaded, That from and after the {aid Tew of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, » place of the faid Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be riitt** colleded and paid unto His Majefty, his Hein and Succrf* ® feveral Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to every Gallon of Wort or Walh, brewed or made m Place in Scotland, from any Malt,. Com, Grain or Tilth** Mixture with the fame, for extrading Spirits forfopfanpo^. Scotland, .Eight pence; For every Gallon of Spirits of the StfjP of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which flail be



tlaw.	5(5°	GEO. III.	c. 106.	&i&

Emnny Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilte, or any Mixture there* f Part or Place in Scotland, for Confumption in Scotland\

I The faid Duties to be paid by the refpedive Makers of fuch Wort, Wafh or Spirits refpedtively : For every Be taken out by any Diftiller or Maker of Low Wines a any Part or Place in Scotland^ for Sale therein or for i therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds; For every Licence ' 4»keo out by any Redifier of Spirits in any Part or Place ttltndp the Sum of Fire Pounds; The faid Duties for Licences tMbj the refpedive DiftiUers and Redifier* taking out fucb an nfpsdrrely.

LAod be it enaded, That the faid Duties granted by this Management Ml be under the fame Management, and (hall be raifed, levied, *** CoUeatou It), fccured and paid, in the fame manner, and by the fame Dutiit*

Slid-means, and under and fnbied to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with Hfed to fucb and the like Powers, Authorities and Declata-| ss anr provided by the faid recited Ad, paffed in the Fifty ftYear of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty, for the Manage-VtoBedi«»o and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted,

V* Aid be it further enaded, That the Duties granted by ApproprUckm of **(the necefTarv Charges of raifing and accounting for the Duties.

I CfR|rted) (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt	_

BtMasrfty's Exchequer at Wcjlminjler% and (hall be carried to mde Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Aad be it further enaded, That the Fourth Part of the The temporary si Bedes granted by the faid recited Ad paffed in the Fifty FounhPutof th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, which were con-H by the find recited Ad paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the	%

in of His prefent Majefty, to the Fifth Day of July One thou-fdght hundred and fixteen, (hall be, and the fame Fourth Part 55 g. 3. c. 155. Jk hid feveral Duties is hereby further continued from the faid § 1. further con k Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen* and tioued till Nov,

I remain and continue in force until the Ninth Day of November 9t x°x*’ e'thodand eight hundred and fixteen; and the lame, with the csr Doties granted by the faid recited Ad paffed in the Fifty 0k Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall be raifed,

14	eolleded, fecured and paid, and be appropriated and applied ft manner direded by the faid laft recited Ad.

I.	And be it further enaded. That, from and after the faid DiAinaion of & Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, Diftria* in Scocr Diftindioiis between the High and Lowland and intermediate bnd relative to rifts in Scotland', as defcribed ift the faid hereinbefore recited a, or any other Ad or Ads relating to the Diftilleries in Scot-	Lioe|<

\ and all fuch Boundaries and Diftindions between any fuch abolKhed. imt Parts or Diftrids of Scotland, and all Limitations and Re- -54 G, 3. c.17*. boos relative thereto, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed $ 6> 7* abohfhed;' fave and except as in the faid recited Ad pf the ly fourth Yes* aforefaid is provided in relation to the Size and parity of the Stills, and fubjed to the1 Provifions of this Ad.

'TIL And be ft further enaded, That from and after the faid Tresfury tm-nthlfty of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, hail be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty** aimy for the time being, by any Warrant, Order or. Inftruribon, ieGso.HL	No	figned



C»196.

56°oeam.

54 O. 3. C. 17*, §6,7.

Tremfury *lfo empowered to

permit Pofition of Veflels or UtrnfiU now exifting to remain.

Treafury em-poweted to give an Eztenfioo of Credit.

Trertiry empowered to re*

figned by any Three pr more of thejn, to auttaixe and eaJ the Conimiluoners of Excife in Scotland for the time bdj any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Haodii Three or more of them, to permit any Diffityor or Scotland to mal^e ufe of Stills of inferior Size and Capet ttfpe&iyeiy prescribed by the faicj recited Ad of the Fd( Year aforefald, not being lefs than Forty Gallops, under f ditions, Limitation- Regulations and Rellridiona, as tb$ ( miflionprs of Hjs hfajethr'a Treafury fliall think fit; anyd tained in the faid recited Ada of. tlu* Fifty fourth and! Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or any other j A&b of Parliament, tp the contrary nptwith^anding.

VIII. And be it fpnrtner <ma&e(h That it (km be liaj the laid Lords CommiflTjpners of His NUiefty's Treafury jj time being# by any Waiprant, Order or Initruftioo, figned fa Three or more of them, to authorize and e^ppwer tie C fippers of Ipxcife in Scotland (or the time being, by any 1 or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three f of them, to permit and Suffer any fixed Vefel.of Utenfii old tiller, which has been fixed pr placed before thf Firft Dajcfl One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, contrary to dm I atipns now in fpree, in relation to the fixing aqd plapag *\ Of, Utenfils in the Difiilleries for Home OqnfumpUQp is.J ^ continue of direct the whole or fuch Part or Parts, qf 4 or Utenfils 38 are now fixfcd or placed,, tp be a|tcasl-l%l| tent and in fuel; manner as the laid Lord? Coipnjpf hfajefty’s Treafury mall think proper, under fuch LityPl t atiops, OopditioM, h|odifications audt ReilriAionf, a tk$9 Commjflioners of His Majjefty’s Treafury fbajl Uaiok fit; «1 contained m the faid recited ASs of the Fifty fourth ad 1 fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty rtffcBjti[J this A A, or any other AA orL Afts of Parliament to. thefl nptwithftanding-

IX	And be it further enacted. That it fhalland msjkjl for the faid Lords Ccmihiflipners of His M^e^y's Treafury if time being, by apy Warrant# Order or Ipftip^boq, fined h Three or more of them# to authorize and empoajtr the Coir* of Excife in Scotland fp X the time l^mgfjby any Licence c rity in Writing under tKp Hap4s of any Tnrpe or, rnpre of t a|low fuch time as they fiiall think fit for the Payment c by this AA impofipd, not exceeding Fqurte^ fi toe fame mall refpeAiveJy, become due and payah^W to t Security of Securities tor tW Payment thereof fioners pf Excise fhajl think, proper ; futye& tp fw Conditipnsand fteftriftions m the .laid Lords, Ce;

Majefty’s Treafpry ftajl think fit; any tldng'm u of the Fifty fpn/rtb.and Fifty fifth Yearetafriri*& 01 »■

Afits relating tp the Diftillery, to the contrary notwfthibl

X	And be it further ena£xed, That it fhalland m^yl** the Lords Qoromiifionerg of His Maiefty's Tieafipy fcr t bring, by any Warrant, Order or Initru&ion, [r or more of them, to authpriz^ and emppmer. f ^acife ip Scotland ftf the tiiftp, being, pyspyl,

by any Three or more of theoj, tfl	*

16*

ft 1815.

geq. in.

C.1061

set

Bmd out of any Duties of Exetfe in Seottiand,<for Ser-by them in preventing illicit or fraudulent Diftil-id Lords Commtffidnrrs of Hit Majeffcy't TrCafury «r; fubjrft to Aieh Rttfes, Directions, Condition*

!•» as the faid Lordfe Commiffioners of Hts Majefty’s eferibe; in order to make it the Intereft of fnch Ex* i no illicit or fraudulent DHliUation whatever Audi jjke within their refpeftive Dift rifts*

| And be it further enacted, That from and after the faid OfMalt8plrits iBiyof N(member One tbonfaad eight hundred and fixtecn, *4 0*U«»tobs for Home Gonfumptioa in Scotland (hall be charged emy^00 Osl-«d pay the Duties impofed by this Aft, at and after thft lorn of Wa(h:" ttf Foorteen Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Tell 'J^drometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wed or node from Mah, Corn, Grain or Tilts, of the Gnu-koafter mentioned.

B. And be it further enaftied, That if any Diftiller of Spirits Excell to pay BateCoofomption in Scotlbnd fhall, from the Commencement tbeDutyhetebl' iffennioadoa of his, her or their Licence, or when fuch Diftiller mentwo€d* jrnwily cafe working for the Seafon, extraft, make, difti or |*ima Wort or Warn prepared or made from Mbit, Corn,*

•srlSte, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of am Gallons for every Hundred Gallons of fuch Worts of Wadi Hed into Spirits as aforefaid, every Diftiller fhall pay Duty for ri Spirits exceeding1 the Proportion aforefaid, at" and after the tof Four Shillings and Nine pence for every Gallon of fnch Ex*

•fioopotad at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer d» over and above all other Duties on Worts, Walh or Spin to afotvet*

GUI* And hit further enaifted, That after the Worts, limUd tor Gravity of Bodes impeded by this Aft, fhall have been dr&wri off from the Worta after & Too, it fhaH notf be lawful for any Diftiller or other Perfdn to*	Melh

Sato or mm therewith any Mixture called Lob, or any other Tun, not to be tut or Snbftance whatsoever, by. which the Gravity of fuch increased, toaaybeincreafed 5 and that if, after the faid Tenth Day of safe Ote tfamifknd eight hundred and Jixtcen, any Diftilfer or lr Mu (hall throw into or mix with any fuch Wort or Worts, >

'lie fame (hall baveiscen drawn off1 from the Mefk Tun, any fudx> ter called Lob, or any other Mixture or Subftanoe whatever, by b the Gravity of any fuch Woit or Worts, or the Walk rtadh from, or any. Rut thereof, fhall be increafed; or fhall mix all or brief fiich Wert with aay other Wort, after the Gravity thereof'

«a aibertahed and taken account’ of as hereinafter mentioned, -lor any‘Put of fuch Wafk with any other Wafh, except in'tbr or Under Back hereinafter mentioned; or convey away or coo* ny Part of fnch Wort or Wafh 5 every fuch Diftiller or Perion*' f of fad Offence, or on whofe Premifesear fuch Offence fhaH* omitted, fbaB'for every fiich Offence forfeit and pay'the Stan** be hnfldred Founds.	Penalty.

IV. Aadbeit further enfcftodj That the whole Quantity of'fnch Gravity of Si that are to be placed in any Wafh Badoh; Tun or Veffei, for Warn by tfct Batumi, fhxUibe colIefted therein within the Space of Twelve s«cchaforo«t*r* wfnm and after the Commencement of running or conveying tooftbe fasd Wofti from the Coolers or other VefWsj and all N il 3	and

C. t06i

66n GEO. III.

Peualty.

No fixed Means of Communication from one VefTel to.an-otber to be ufed.

Penalty.

Wafh neceflary to charge Still to be conveyed to a Jack Back.

and every DiftiUer or Difkillers fhall, within fuch Twelve make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration inWria fuch Worts fo collected as aforefaid are of a Gravity not Seventy five, as indicated by the Inftrument hereinafter called a Saccharometer, dire&ed by this Ad to be DUUllcr ofleud- ufed for this Purpofe; aad if any DifUller or DifUUen negled fo to colled all fuch Worts within the time afoi ferment or mix fuch Worts with any Yeaft, or any nutter or occafioning Fermentation, without making and drf Declaration as aforefaid, or which after being, fo coUeded fhall exceed the Gravity aforefaid, every Inch DiftiUrror fhall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay tk Two hundred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fhall not be lawful for any DiftiUer for Home Confnmpbos land, to have or ufe any fermenting Tun or Veffel in which * or Wafh are fet to ferment, which has a Communication of a Tube or Pipe or by any other fixed Means of with any other fermenting Tun, or any Veffel whatfoever; any fuch DiftiUer fhall, after fuch Period, have or ufe mj' meeting Tun or Veffel, which has fuch Communicaboit other fermenting Tun or Veffel, every fuch Diftilkr and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That the WAdd by any DiftiUer of Spirits for Home Confumption is before it is put into the Still for Diftillatioa into Lb conveyed in an open Trough or Trunk from each or Veffel in which it fhall have been fermented, into a oval Veffel called a Jack Back or Under Back, which JWlkjId in the StiU Houfe as near as conveniently may be to theVhU and fhall be of a Size fufficient to contain aU the Wdh mM charge the Still $ and no more Wafh fhaU be conveyed Skf| Jack Back at One time than is fufficient to charge tie SAfl fuch Charge of Wafh fhaU be fo conveyedinto fuch Jack Backm the StiU maU be unlocked for the Purpofe of being dnrgtd|l the whole Quantity of Wafh conveyed into fuch Jack Back* I being gauged by the Officer, fhall be pumped up into an open 1 or Trunk, from whence it fhall be conveyed into the Still; andffj Wafh ufed or made by any DiftiUer of Spirits for Home Coofl tkxi in Scotland fhaU not, before it is put into the Still for Dittl into Low Wines, be conveyed into an open Trough or Tnakh each fermenting Tun or Veffel into which it fhall havrboth nested, into fuch Jack Back fo placed in the Still HoafeofUO as conveniently may be to the Wafh StiU; or if more Wihkl veyed therein at one time than is neceflary to charge fuch WdJ* every DiftiUer fo offending fhaU forfeit and- pay the Sum ofTeoh*

JPtnalry.	dred	Pounds; and if the Wafh, or any Part thereof fhaUkitaan

qr conveyed from fuch Jack Back, before the proper Ola h have (taken an Accopnt thereof in fuch Jack Bade, or M be ko or concealed from, fuch Officer in any manner whatfwttf} the whole Quantity fo conveyed fhall not, after fuch Accouattbw has been taken, be pumped into the StHl in the mumer bad direded, every fuch DiftiUer fhaU for each and tmj fuch^OH oalty. forfeit and lote the Sum of Two. hundred Pounds.

XVII. f»



56* OEO.IIL

C. 106.

649

. Provided aiwcn, and be it ena&ed, That if any fuch Dif- Week* abtarfy y Works are already conftru&ed, wherein the Wafli has *®oftiutted tor /ed by fixed or dofe Tubes from the fermenting Tuns WaJh^to b« con-fekck Back, fhall be defirous of continuing the Ufe of fuch tinued on certain if dofe Tubes ; it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Dittiller Coodhuuu.

? the Ufe thereof \ provided that every fuch fixed or dofe 1 be placed higher than the Top of the Jack Back, and i fuch fixed or clofe Tube there fhall be no Stop Cock or \ whatever, which may prevent the whole Wa(h therein ; into the Jack Back; and provided further, that upon rge Cock communicatinff from any Walh Tun with fuch kdofe Tube, there fhall bea fufficient Lock and Fattening, to by the proper Supervisor, at the Expence of fuch Dif-6 ad that the fame fhall oe and remain always locked and Sealed, ag when the fame fhall be opened at the Sight of the proper t who fhall attend when thereunto required by fuch Dittiller* e Purpofe of allowing the Wafh in any fuch Wafh Tun to > fiich fixed or dofe Tube, to be thereby conveyed into the t; and if any fuch Dittiller (hall ufe any fixed or clofe ^wDifcharge Cock, which fhall not he of the Defcription fhall open, break or injure any Lock or Fattening to fid for any fuch Difcharee Cock, every fuch Dittiller mall lad pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*	Penalty.

(Fill. And be it further enaded. That before the Wafh fo con- Jack Beck to be jtmothe Jack Bock as a Charge for the Still, fhall be pumped jAtftme, if tha Officer fhall, upon gauging and taking account “tf iftfach Jack Back, find that the Quantity of Wafh focon-dittto fadh Jack Back or Veffel is greater than the Quantity of b which wu previoufly afcertained to have been in the ferment*

Feffcl or Vettels from whence the fame fhall have been fo con-i; tbea the Duty impofed by this A€t fhall be paid for any & of Wafh fo found in fuch Jack Back, in addition to the f charged upon fuch Quantity in fuch fermenting Veffel ox

. And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for any Samples of r of Excife to take a Sample or Samples of any Wort at any Wort, Ac. may ^ or times after the fame (hall have been drawn from off the Merfv ** uken*

\» often as may be neceffary, for the Purpofe of ascertaining the b thereof; and in like manner it fhall be lawful for any Officer tdfe to take a Sample or Samples of any Wafh at any time or l after the lame fhall have been put in any Tun or Veffel, Tuns rtfieU for the Purpofcs of Fermentation, or in the Jack Back twmping the fame into the Still; and every Dittiller of Spirits	1	*

tnem Confumption in Scotland fhall fix or caufe to be fixed in joy fomenting Tun or Veffel, within Thirty Inches from the kfeo thereof, a Brafs Cock of fuffident Size, to enable any Offi-kof £xdfe to draw off, without Inconvenience or Delay, a Sam-far Samples of the Wafh contained therein; and any fuch Dittiller ffikill negfed or delay fo to do, after being thereunto required Excife Officer, or fhall hinder or prevent fuch Officer from «foany fuch Sample or Samples as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay worn of Two hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

U And be it further ena&ed, That the Inftruments to be Sacchuometsr ^borderto afeertain the Gravity of Worts or Wafh, as dire&ed to be prodded N n 3	by

4*0

&106.

Aram Hi»

tojftrtiiadbc

Guvibr of Warn.

One Sacchiro-meter to rerniin at Eidft Office and fliewn.

On Increafe of Gravity.

PpmWpPw-

Pofition of Tons, &c. not to be altered.

Penalty.

Low Wine Pump and Charging Cock of Low Wine Still to be locked.

Opening Lock,

Atii

by this Aft, ihallhe thofo nude io the luannr of acmui) ment called a Saccharometer, invented by Defter Tksi/u, leribedf from the Maker’s Name, Allen*% Sactharameter Hull and may be lawful for the Comauffionert of Esde land, by and with the Approbation of the Lords Commifi His Majefty’s Treafury, and they are hereby required to p fufficient Number of fuck Sacchacometers to be ufed by the uf Excife afting in the Eaecution of thi* Aft.

XXL And be it farther enafted, That one of thelifa known by the Name of AUee?% Sacdurometer, to be pm the Commiffioners of Excife at afoedaud# fhall be sad s their Office in the City of Edinburgh, and dull be (hem Diffiiler who fhall defire to fee the fame* during the Horn d in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon.

XXII. And be it further enafted, That tf» upon making or taking an Account for aicertauuag the County of the V Walk in any VdM by the fmd Inftrumeut called a bock it fhall appear that the Wort or the Wafh made tftcnftoo ft inemfed in Gravity fmee the lad preceding Trial of theft the fame Inftniaient, to the Extent of Five Degrees* It wfc that Itoftrument, the Wort or Wafh in any and every ft fhall be deemed and taken to have been firauduksdy du charged, and the whole Quantity of Wort or WaA tftwl charged with Double the Duty tmpofod by this Aft If* ft

XXIIL Aad be it further enafted, That k fhall nutbhft any Diffiiler of Spirits for Home Confumption in Jadfl* in any refpeft the Size, Situation or Pofkionof any Tus,V<ft Back, Still or other .fixed Utenfil whatfoever, ufed bybai Purports of Dinitiation, or in the Preparation of any Ifo Diftillation, without giving Notice in Writing to the Oft Excife of his Divifion; and if any Diffilkr or other Perk I any refpeft alter the Size, Situation or Pofition of ssy (id VefTel, Jack Back or fixed Utenfil, without fuch Notice, s place any Subftance, matter or thing at, in or upon the D Place or Places of any Tub or other Veflel ufcd by him; o make any Alteration in fuch Dipping Place or Placet) or ( any Aft, matter or thing by which the Officer nay be pit Or hindered from taking true Dips and Gauges of any Wort <x therein $ every fuch Diffiiler fo offending, or in whoif Premift fuch Offence fhall be committed, fhall forfeit and pay the Si Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enafted, That from and after ti Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred & the Low Wine Pump, and alfo the Charging Cock of ft Wine Still, uftd by any Diffiiler of Spirits for Home Cosfoap Scotland, fhall be locked and foaled, and opened by the EsrifeO in the fame manner that the Wafh Pump and Cbargioa Cod* Wafh Still ufod by fuch Diffiiler are locked aad wsM«d«¥ by the Excife Officer j and proper Locks sod Keys bill b vided by every fuch Diffiiler for this Purpofet and if any P< fhall by any Means open any fuch Low Wine Poop or Cl Cock, after the fame fhall have been fo locked or focurvd by Excife Officer, or fhall wilfully damage the fane, or tk *

Fifoing*

Alto.

«*GEO. m.

C. 106.

Ssi

I dKMfi every fucb	Hull	forfeit u4 the 8mA

axfced Pttufld®.

, Atoi be it further euaded* That the Spirit Cafk or Receiver, _.i the Spirits tet'e required to be ran Or COtoveVed from the lattes produced from etch Charge 6f the Wafh Still or Stills Ilf »Bf DiMler of Spirits for Hottte Confuttipticm in Scotland, f k placed by every fuch iJiftitteV as near to the Difcherge of Worm of the Low Wine Still as conveniently rftay be, and not tr concealed from open View; which Spirit Calk 6r Receiver Itefcficwnt to contain the whole Produce of Spirit! to be ran I web Charge df fuch Still $ ind if every fuch Spirit Gaik or kfar fiutll not be tdaced In the manner, and be of the Siae herein £hi) every Diftiller or Perfdn oilending in this refped (hall for* ;adp*r the Suite of Two hundred Pound*. fiXVl. And Wheteas the diftffling Feirlts with Wafli is injo-hnto the Quality of the SpiritsBe it therefore enacted, That i*A after the Tenth Day of November One thonfand eight hen* 1 tad fit teen, no Diftiller of Spirits for Home Cotefumpdon hi du/flnll mil any Feints with any Wafh or LowWiries, or put tfteinto any Back or other Veffel, or into any 8till in which or Low Wide* (hall then bet br my Wafh into any Back 'iht Veffri, or into my Still where my Feints (hall be, but (halt* ferny filch Diftiller k hereby required to provide a proper Feint ifi fnffident to contain the whole Quantity of Feints neceffary r One Charge of the Low Wine Still ufed By any fuch Diftiller DiBlm; and every fuch Diftiller (hail, immediately on the e*-ifldbt thereof, ran and convey aU the Feint* which (hall be pro* tedtrcmnch Charge of his or her Still or Stills dire&ly from ach Stdl or StBla into fuch Feint Calk* to be kept therein under the /id of tbe Officer ; ahd all Feints to be produced by any fuch Nft&r M be kept and continued in fueh Feint €a(k, under fuch oek a! iforefaid, Until the faitee amdiint in Quantity to fach barge U tforefidd, and (hall be pilmped into the Low Wine Still thereinafter mentioned; and the proper Officer of Fxcife (hail and «f, Iren time to time daring fuch time as aforefaid, take a true mgt ad try the Strength of all Feints in fuch Feint Ca(k, and caft fd compote the fame at the Rate of One to Ten ovet Hydrometer hoof, and keep an e*a& Account thereof: Provided always, that i fuch DifHUet (ball coHe6t or keep at any one time a greater Quail* y of Feats than is fuftcient for One Charge of the Low Wine Still w by him or her; and that fo foon as luch Quantity of Feints ill be fo collected as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller (hall and he and «bbertby iripffied to give Notice to the proper Officer that fuch Attire id colfe&ed, and of hb or her Intention to charge ini 1 bet Low Wine 8 till therewith, and upon the Officer’s attending itfwt fo ftfcfe Notice, to pump all fuch Feints* in the Prefence of A Officer* from and out of fuch Feint Calk into the Low Wine Iffl tried by fuch Diftiller, and to run the Produce thereof from tdt Low Wine Still into the Spirit Receiver j and any Diftiller fofing in any of the above Particulars (hall for every Offence for* feitauf pay the Stm1 of Tw6 hundred Pounds.

XIVII. Arii be it ftrtthfer ena&ed,* That before making or ttfoig i Compofition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Compofitron or fixture for inducing or increafmg the Fermentation of Wort or

No*	Wa(h,

Penalty.

Spirit Caft or Receiver to be placed near to the Worm, and to be of fuffi-dent Capacity to bold the Charge.

Penalty.

Feint Caft to bo provided to eon* tain Feints neceffary for one Charge, &r.

Officer may gauge Feints.

Notice to Officer of Feints tol* leaed.

Penalty.

Entry of Veflels for Bub or other Mixtures.

m

Notice before making Mixture.

Gravity to be afccrtained.

Seizure*

Diftiller not making Entry or not giving Notice, or obtruding Officer.

Penalty.

Provtfo.

Not lefs than Nine Gallons of Spirits of i certain Strength may be fenc out with Permit.

C. 106.

56° GEO. ILL

AM

Wafli, any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Conlktmptjoa is &4 (hall make entry of every Veffel ufed by him for die Pffflfl making or keeping any fuch Compofition or Mixture* deidA^| fame# and fpecifymg the Ufe to which each fuch Veffel ki applied; and every luch Diftiller (hall alfo give Notice lothe of Excife, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make Compofition or Mixture* and the Officer of Excife (hall taheslj count thereof in fuch Veffels refpedtively* and (hall and times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples thertsl afcertain the Gravity thereof by the faid Inftrument called i charometcr; and if the Gravity thereof, or any Part thereof ki tained, (hall not any time be greater than the Gravity of tbt ^ made by fuch Diftiller* fo limited and fo taken account of m A faid* fuch Compofition or Mixture (hall be deemed and takes to Walk, and the Duty hereby impofed on Wort or Walk M charged thereon; and if the fame* or any Part of fuch Mb Compofition* (hall at any time be found of any greater Gra aforefaid* the fame (hall be forfeited* together with every Veffel containing the fame* and (hall and may be feized by uyl or Officers of Excife; and if any fuch Diftiller (hall not mb or (hall not give Notice in the manner herein dire&ed* or if cer (hall be prevented or obftru&ed in taking an Accout or Samples as above preferibed* as often and at fuch tnwufkffip think neceffary* to a (certain the Gravity thereof* or ifjUJMf (hall refufe or negleft to remove and put all fuch Mixture or Compofition unto his or her fermenting fsMllM the fame with the Wort therein as aforefaid* every fuchMfa* offending in any of the above Particulars* or in whole PwAtg fuch Offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit and pay the ill 4 Two hundred Pounds: Provided always* that if any fod DUr (hall* within Thirty Hours after fuch Compofition or MixtMsJll have been begun to be made* remove and put the whole tfoabft his or her fermenting Tun or Tuns, and mix the fiune thenipt the Wort or Wa(h m fuch Tun or Tuns* in the Prefence dtft proper Officer of Excife* or if fuch Officer (hall afterward him Increase of Wafh in the fermenting Tun or Tuns into which Diftiller or Diftillers (hall declare luch Compofition or Mixtnel| have been put within fuch time as aforefaid* equal to the AoMt thereof and arifing therefrom* the fame (hall be charged with Dt| therein as Part bf the Wa(h made in fuch Tun or Tuna rdpe&vHfr and not diftin&ly and feparately therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed* That it (hall and may he lawful for any Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confumptioo is land to fell and fend out* accompanied with a true sad lawful fo mit* to any Perfon or Perfons, not being a Re&ifier or Coapoatkt of Briti/b Spirits* any Quantity of Spirits in any Calkarhcfeye not containing lefs than Nine Gallons of. Spirits of a Strop! i& exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof* nor left tmOo in Six under Hydrometer Proof* on pain of forfeiting all Spfo fold or fent out contrary hereto* with the Calks (w otW Pach|pf. containing the fame* and all Horfes* Cattle* Carriages aod Bott made ufe of in removing fuch Spirits* which may be firised by a] Officer of the Cuftoms or of Excife.

XXIX. And



5(5* GEO. III.

C. 106*

959

»Aftd be it further enafted, That in all Trials of Strength Adjnfttog tb«

Ms by any Officer or Officers of Excife under this Aft, drwneter called Sykes’* (a) Hydrometer, when and fo foon f flail he by Law eftablimed and brought into ufe, the \ of Eight tier Centum above Proof, denoted by the laid (ter, (hall be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of »Tcn over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this A& ; and f Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof, denoted hid Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted and taken for the kef One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in this (a) Spelt Sikes, cap. 105. ante* $6.]

J« Aid be it uuther enafted, That if any Diftiller or Stills note* ft lull work or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord’s Day be worked oa died Sunday ; (that is to fay), if any Still or Stills (hall 8ttDd,7* (smpktdy difcharged and worked off at or before Eleven of uk oa Saturday Night, and (hall not continue uncharged until f the Clock on Monday Morning following; or if any Still Mai! be found charged or at work, or filled with any thing An Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on (nftgbt and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, then ‘fid Oilfiller or Diftillers in whofe Premifes fuch Offence fe onmitted (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pauaky. k befides being liable in every other Pain or Penalty in Law eating the Lord's Day.

XL And be it further enabled. That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery sad tom by this Aft impofed (hall be fued for, mitigated, reco- p*^^0”

, Vend and diftributed, in the manner in which Fines, Pc- e iindFoffetnres are direfted to be fued for, mitigated, reco-I* tried and diftributed, by the faid recited Aft pafled in the. fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

CXII. Aid be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for Licence under )iftiHer for Home Confumption in Scotland to make entry in th“A&®*y^ awer direfted by Law, and apply for a Licence under the wity of this Aft, at any time not exceeding Ten Days pre- xo* NoTnnL g the hid Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight bun-ttdflzteeo; and upon fuch Licence being granted to fuch ler, it (hall and may be lawful for him or her to prepare Worts fab for Diitillation in the manner direfted by this Aft, but not p to diifil any Part of fuch Worts or Waih until the faid Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen: led always, that if fuch Diftiller fo applying for fuch Licence are obtained a Licence purfuant to the (aid recited Aft paffed : Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it be made mamfeft to the faid Commiffioners of Excife in Scot* or to the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to grant fuch ai, that all the Worts or Wafh prepared by any fuch Dif-tader his current Licence, (hall have been diftilled into Spirits, iioy Licence (hall be granted to fuch Diftiller under the Au-ij of this Aft.

am. And he it further enafted, That it (hall and may be Every Licence d for any Diftiller to apply for a Licence under the Authority to txpireon tbs JJ Aft at sny time of the Year after the (aid Tenth Day of 9th of ***• rib One tix>u(and eight hundred and fixteen ; but every Li-granted under the Authority of this Aft (hall expire on the

Ninth

G 106,107.

56° geo- m.

AH

Him* Bay of November kmaedworiy fabfequedt tt the] OftAatencenieiit of fach Licence.

$4 G.3. c.17*. XXXIV. And be k etta&ed, That die find mstrii to remain in	Fifty fourth Year of the Relgtt of His prefcflt M^tb I

focce*	and continue in force, end be ra tall rtfpe&s aflbjdbbka

for totting and paying the Doties hereby ifflpokd* < as the laid Ad is hereby altectd, as fully and effri tents and Pnrpofes as if the feme were repeated and c ptefetit Ad.

Commencement XXXV. And be it enafted, That this Ad fall ( and Continuance and from the Tenth Day of Number One theafcndf of	aod flatten, and (hall continue in force until the ^

November One thonfeud eight hundred and eigfetm*

Ad may be XXXVI* And be it further enaftvd* That das Adi altered, &c. twed, varied or repealed by any Ad to be pdfM fe 1 Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CVII.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the tail Seflida of Pa latiftg to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, fo far as s Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Cm Court in Scotland.	[ibJji

« \TJ HEREAS by an Aft paffed hi the Fifq*l!

1 VV Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for 1 Duties on Deeds, Lavs Proceedings, and othtt tWfifcM

*	Inftruthehts, and the Duties oh Fire Ihfvranrtt, tolin

*	and Succtffions to Perfohal EJiate upon lntefiodct\ ittff

*	Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in fist fkijtj

*	ad valorem Duties were imputed tipdrt Inventories to bead! € and recorded in any Cammiffaty Court in Scotland) offtj

*	and Effefts of Pterions Who (hail hate died after theT

*	of October One thouferid eight hundred and eigftt: Ani

*	it is expedient to relieve certain additional Inventories Ml

*	valorem Duties Be it therefore enafted by Excellent Majefty, by and With the Advice and Confctt oft! Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprcfwt Pi aftembled, and by the Authority of the feme* Thatfrota* the palling of this Aft, where Inventories of the Period or] able Eftate and Effefts of Perfons cfcceafed (hrillltfebmnr and recorded in any Comttiffary Court in Stotkudi prior I Fifft Day of September One themfand right hwrifri oi I pnrfuant to the Direftions of arid duly Ramped at required b Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of HbMMy'ilkj* tituled An As for repealing the Stamp Duties tot Dee&i Ls*b deedings and other written or printed Ihfthtihetdty dhd titS** Legacies and Suctions to Perfonal EJiate tptot IhteJhM dbtt in Great Britain, and for granting nevt DuHti kW®*®

55 G.3.C 184. Sch> Flit the Thta, tit. Inventory.

Certain additional Inventories exhibited in the CommifTaiy Courts in Scotland exempted.

and in confequence of the fubfequent Difcovery of other longing to the fame Perform, additional Inventories after be exhibited and recorded purfuatrt to the Diredfl® ® * fittha Aft, all foch additional Inventories fhaR be cieopri the faid ad valorem Duties granted by the frid Aft rf tk Year of Hirbfrjefty'* Reign, and mt foch of the M

Ifiventocw



M°GEOl I$L

cm

«f5

would not haw been liable under the bid Ad of r eighth Year of Hie Majefty** Reign, in cafe the fame had \ and recorded prior to the Fint Day of September One w hundred ana fifteen, to a Stamp Duty of greater . t than the Duty already paid upon any former inventories ex-%WA recorded of the Eftate ana Effcds of the fame Perfons,

\ L«U)j exempted from Stamp Duty) and that for and in if fuch of the bid additional Inventories as would have been bud Ad of the Forty eighth Year of Hit Majefty’s i the Came had beea exhibited and recorded prior to the fd September One tboubad eight hundred and fifteen, to iWy of greater Amouat than the Duty already paid upon mm hveotSTM exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and f the fame Perfons, there (hall be raifed, levied and paid,

I for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Snccenbrs, the fame Duty only as fuch additional Inventories would cm fuhje£fc and liable to under the bid laft mentioned Ad.

And be it further enaded, That the bid Duties hereby granted J wder the Care and Management of the Commiffioners of » Great Britain, which bid Commiffioners and the major \ are hereby empowered and required to provide proper

BStamps or Dies for expreffing and denoting the laid granted, or the Amount thereof refpedively, upon wchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter Jkv the fame from time to time as Occafion (hall require, and J9 employ fuch Officers and Perfons under them, and to do aft t Afts and things as (hall be thought neceffary or expedient ■tty raffing and coifeding the bid Duties hereby granted, r putting this AA into Execution, in the like and in as foil ■er as they or any former Commiffioners are or have to do for the rating and oolleding of any former p Duties, or for putting into Execution any Ad or Ads of t lebting thereto.

• Aad be it further enaded, That all the Powers, Provifioui, Regulations and Dire&ions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and I contained in and impofed by any former Ad or Ads of ; relating to any Stamp Duties, (hall be of foil force and I with rofped to the Duties hereby granted as for as the fame f hall be applicable, and (hall be obferved, applied, enforced ■t in Execution, for the raffing, levying, colieding and fccurmg t food Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, as 1 effc&uaUy to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had i herea repeated and fpedally enaded with reference to the bid its hereby granted.

W* And be it further enaded. That all the Monies to wife from UMes granted by this Ad (hall be paid, applied and ffifpofed ■ the fame manner as the Duties from which the bid Leafes and Iblmetaie hereby exempted would have been payable and appli-Jhhctfe this Ad had not been made.

Additional Id* ventaries lhMo

trader 48 0.3. c. 149*	P*7	*

greater Duty, (hall be charged with that Duty only.

Duty under Commiffioners of Stamps.

Powers of former Ads relating to Stamps to extend to Una AA.

Application of Duty.

t

CAP.

€.108.

56” GEO. IIL

d

4 j O. 3. r. 8i.

8ch. (B.)

w

Dnwbick under recited Aft

to ceafe.

43 O.3.C. 8x. Sch. (A.) tit. Irifh Beer, Ale or Mum.

50O.3.C.34.

la.

cap. cvm.

An Aft to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countei of Excife on Beer and Malt; to alter the 1 Plate Glafs, and to prevent Frauds therein.

HEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty third I a Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Am Asfrf to His Majefiy, until Twelve Mouths after the Rdtjftd Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties A Great Britain, a Drawback is granted and allowed of] lings and Eleven pence for every Barrel of Strong Bar brewed or made in Great Britain, above Eighteen rl3t Barrel exclufive of the Duty, and not being Tw t mentioned and defcribed in the Seventh Article of the Union with Scotland, which (hall be duly exported tt Parts as Merchandize, and which (hall be proved to k brewed after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand dgk' and three: And Whereas feveral of the Duties mm (aid Aft were by fubfe^uent Afts continued until the Hi of Juh One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen (Aafi of fuch Duties have been and are further continue^ m on Malt thereby impofed will ceafe and expire July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, aUMtli arife whether by the Continuance of fuch Duties a AAM faid Drawback in refpeft of the Exportation of hifti tinued For the Prevention and Removal of fuchDodlHW declared and enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent MatbiVf with the Advice and Confent of the Lords SpintoalndThfi and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, andhvtki thority of the fame. That the faid Drawback in itfpeftifcV portation of Beer does and (hall wholly ceafe tnd exjse 4*jl Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred sod fiiKM (hall be no longer paid or payable, any thing in any other AS* Afts of Parliament in the prelent or any other SeffiooofPrf^ to the contrary notwithftanding.	\a)	[5c	G.3.s.27.] j

* II. And Whereas by the faid recited Aft a Counter* Duty of Excife of Four Shillings %nd Eleven pence it uspoW every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons fure, of Irifh Beer, Ale or Mum, which (hall be imported ■ Great Britain, direftly from Ireland, and the laid Duty btfljj fince continued and is now in force: And Whereas by torn other Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign aforasi* tuled An A8for allowing the Exportation of Briti/h a*ilohfr Malt from One Part of the United Kingdom to thesdottOn tervailing Duty of Excife of Four Shillings and Fa*!***1 impofed for every Bu(hel of Malt unground made infi* * imported direftly from thence into that Part of Great JM®** England; and another Countervailing Duty of Exdfe mW Shillings and Eight pence and Ten Twentieths of a Farthing by the faid laft mentioned Aft impofed for every BuiW « Malt made in Ireland and imported direftly from thence into® Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and bv the (aid Id®*

* tKKW

A.D.1816

56° GEO. III.



ess

furer, CWrk and Surveyor, and alfo a CoUcftor of the Rates or Af-ieflmenu to be made at hereinafter mentioned) and fuch other Officers and Persons as they (hall think neceflary, and may remove any fuch Officers or other Perfons as they (hall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay fuch Salaries and make fuch Allowances to all fuch Officers or Perions as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think reafonable; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to take Security from every fuch Treafurer or Colleftor as they (hall think proper.

X. And be it further eoafted, That every fuch Treafurer and Colleftor (hall, under their refpeftive Hands (at fuch time or times, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall direft j deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as tney (hall appoint, a true and perfeft Account in Writing of all fuch matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which (hall have keen by them received, by virtue and for the Pur-pofes of this Aft, and now much thereof hath been paid and dif-burfed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and all fuch Collectors (hall pay all fuch Money as (hall remain in their refpeftive Hands; and it any fuch Collector as afbrefaid (hall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this ACt, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Commif-fioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Space of Ten Days next after he (hall be called upon by them or their Treafurer to pay fuch Penalty; and every fuch Collector (hall, when thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, aflembled at any fuch Meeting as aforefaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and AfTeffinents kid by virtue of this Aft, which fhall be in arrear and unpaid, and the Names of the Perfons by whom the fame ought to be paid, with the Sums by them refpeCtively owing, and the time when the fame became due; and every fuch Treafurer and Colleftor fo accounting (hall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, (which Oath any One of the faid Com-miffioners is hereby empowered to adminifter,) verify fuch their re-fpeftsve Accounts j and if any fuch Treafurer or Colleftor (hall lefufk or wilfully ncgleft to make and render, or (hall refufeto verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as afbrefaid; or in cafe the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners, or any fuch Treafurer •rCallfcftor, (hall not deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall' appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by-Notice in Writing, figned by the faid Com-miffibners, or* any Two or more of them, and' given to or left at the Ifcfeor ufual Place of Abode of fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colleftor* all Books, Papers and Writings in their refpeftive Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, or Duplicates thereof refpeft-fctly, or give Satisfaftion to the faid Commiffioners refpefting the fame, and Complaint (hall be made thereof on the behalf of the faid Commiffioners, to any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Mid* dttfem or City of Wejhninfttr* fuch Juftice is hereby anthorized and required by warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Tnea-furerj Clerk or CbQeftbr V bo brought before him, and upon his

'appearing

Treafurer and Collector to account.

Unduly keeping Money in Hum.

Penalty.

Refbfing ts account.

Clerk of Com-miffioners, Treafurer and Colledor to dearer to Commif* fiooeri or their Appointee on Notice of Fourteen Days. Books, &c. relating to A€t os Duplicates.

a»

a. 108.

$6* GEO. Itt.

tain Ske and Thkknefstfirc. Shipping contrary hereto.

One Eighth of an Inch at the leaft* and unkft each and i of focb Gmand and Polifted Plate daft be free from Sliders, and be perfe& and fit for immediate IKe, as aw) ft and Polifted Plate Glaft; and that if any Perfba or Pq pack or (hip for Exportation 00 Drawback* any Plate q Plate Glaft aaand for Ground and Polifted Plate Glafira Minim which is not Plate Glafs or has not been gross lifted* or which (hall be Foreign Glafs or of lew Dii Thinkneft throughout than aforelaid, or (hall he ftaiord, q or unperfed, or not immediately fit for Ufe as and fl and Polifted Plate Glafs, or any other Sort of GUa with any Ground and Polifted Plate Glafs, the feme* together Package in- which (Such Plate or Plates may be coQtaimfl the Glafs theasin (hall be forfeited^ and (hall and mty be any Officer or Officers of Excife; and. the Ferfon or offloading (hall forfeit and lode for each and every Package the Snm-of One handled Pounds.

IV. And be it further enafted* Than in lien of the afonefeid* and of all other Drawbacks of Exctfe, thee and allowed for every Hundred Weight of Ungrossd

_____ lifted Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, in refpedrf

UnpolUhed Plate foil’ Duties inspoftd on Plate Glafs (hall, hove been paid, 1 Gltis esprned (ball be duly exported in re&aogular Plates of pcrfcft as Glafs, and of the Diroenfions of Six Inches in Lcngtbdi Smenfionsthe in Breadth at the lead, and of the ThieknefiiAl Drawbacks here- of an Inch and not more than Half an Inch, thin

Sckure and Penalty.

In Gen of the Drawbacks now payable, there (hall be paid for Unground or

in mentioned. ShippngcoQ. trary hereto.

Sdsure.

Penalty.

Makers of Plate Glafs may break in Pieces any Number of Plates of Unground and Un-potilhed Glafs in Prefence of Super* ifor, Sec. of Diftrift.

Bounds Eighteen Shillings only, and fo in proportion i or.left Quantity; and that if any Ferfoa or Berfoti Uj (hip for Exportation on Drawback any Unground orU Plate GUft of left or greater Diraenfiont in ThichnA, < Dinesfioof in Sins than at laft aforeftid, or any foal, ire ujunerchaatahk Unground or UnpoUfted .Phte Gbfi, or I or (hip any Unground or Unpwifteft Hate- Glafin ■ other Package wither amongft any other kind lor Sect of4 fame,, together with the Package in which any inch GU contained*, aadallitfae Glafs thereto, (haU.be forfeited* ad| may befeirod by any Officer or Officers of Exaft; asd \ or Perfonv fo offending AaU forfeit and life for cadi 1 fuch Cafe or Package theSum of One hundred .Rxredi.

V; And bait furtberenafted, T%reekit; ftaUiand any be li and for any Makar or Makers of Hato GWt in the Man Supervifor or Surveyor and Suweytng.Qfficcr of the Difbid I his, her or their Glaft Houfe (hall f he-Stunted, tofteaktop' the Satisfadion of fuch 1 Supervafar'or Surveyor aad otherd that the fame he thereby rendsredtwhoUy uMefc,. except remelted, any Number of Ph&tsaf Ungvouadiaad Unpofi Glafs* provided the feme (kall be fo.brureiviftertlieiMnel come from the Kin and been aaneakd, aedbefon briars from* the Gtafe Houfo where it< (hall have bseaianandMi Wrorhopfe> and fo as each and every of fiwk Ekw hi 1 good'and nreeeharoabk Plate Gfofo, and of tkoripad i wtieh.the fame were mads* and nos loft than ffixlreareisl a*d< Four Inohea i» Bneadth* andQswterof aa lirf or than Hitf'an Jtah'ia Tfflchnef* .anddhadnkemniMfos^ i

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

625

Part of fuch Limits, or make the fame otherwife than as (hall be direfted by the faid Commiffioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon fo offending (hall alfo pay all the Expences of refloring fuch Ground or Pavement to its former State.

' « XII. And Whereas feveral Perfons have already paved, or may € hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, PafTagcs and ‘ Places, within the Limits of this Aft, for which it is reafonable 4 fome Allowance (hould be made ;* Be it therefore further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arife under and by virtue of this Aft, to make and pay to fuch Perfons, as to the faid Commiffioners (hall appear to be entitled thereto, fuch Payments or Allowances for or in refpeft of fuch Pavement made and done, or which (hall hereafter be made and done by them as aforefaid, as to the faid Commiffipners (hall appear fair and reafonable.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchafe the Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Courts, Paflages or other Places under the Jurifdiftion of any Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees before the paffing of this Aft, which (hall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered under the Provifions of this Aft; or fuch Parts thereof as (hall be 'Within the Limits of the Jurifdiftion of the Commiffioners under this Aft, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials belonging to any fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, within fuch Limits, and alfo to make Compenfation to tiny fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, for any Lof8 or Damage which they or their refpeftive Parilhes may fuftain by reafon of any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paflages or Places, being put or placed under the Commiffioners for carrying this Aft into Execution ; and alfo to purchafe, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purpofes of digging Gravel tor the better paving fuch Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places as aforefaid, and for the Purpofes of depoflting Materials thereon, for or on account of fuch Paving, or for the Purpofe of erefting a Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes thereon, or to rent any Building to be made ufe of as or for any other of the Purpofes of this Aft, as (hall appear to them to be neceflary, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for fuch time, as to them (hall appear reafonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, (hall be re-fpeftively paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Aft; and alfo to ereft any Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewife to buy or hire fuch Horfes, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be neceflary for the Purpofe of carting fuch Gravel, or for cleanflng or watering fuch Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paflages and Placet at aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe direfted by this Aft ; and alfo to hire fuch Perfons, buy fuch Materials and make fuch Regulations for the better Execution of any fuch Purpofes, as they the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft (hall in their Difcretion think proper. 56 Geo. III.	S	s	XIV. And

Penalty.

Commiffioners to make Allowances to fuch Perfon* as may have paved at their own Ex-pence.

Commiffioners may purchafe Materials of old Streets, &c or purchafe or hire Ground for getting Materials, and for buildiog Watch Houfes, fts.

616

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1816*

trttes of unlawful Afferablies; and after fuftain-ing Damage, to give Notice within Two Days after to fome Inhabitants of Town, Ac.

Examinations Upon Oath to be had before a Jufticc withih Four Days as to a Knowledge of the Offenders.

l i mitation of Aflion for Damages.

In Scotland Notice to be given to Sheriff, tcc.

C. 1*5, 1*6.

or Perfons who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of any of the Engines, Works, Buildings, or other Property hereinbefore particularly fpecified, Aiall, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch unlawful Affembly Audi take placet by himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their Servants, give or caufe to be given due Notice and Information of fuch Affembly having taken place, to fome or one of the neareft Magiftrates, and to the Conftable or fome one of the refident Houfekeepers of the Towns, Villages or Hamlets near to the Place where any fuch Affembly (hall take place; and that no Perfon or Perfons Audi be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this Ad, unlefs he or they AiaO have given fuch Notice and Information as aforeiaid, by himfelf or themiehres or by his or their Servants, within Two Days after fuch Damage or Injury done him or them by any fuch Offender or Offenders as afore-faid, f Aiall give Notice of fuch Offence done and committed, unto fome of the Inhabitants of fome Town, Village or Hamlet near unto the Place where any fuch Fad Aiall be committed ; and Aiall within Four Days after fuch Notice give in his or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the Care of his, her or their Property hereinbefore fpecified, fo deftroyed or damaged as aforefaid, before any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Divifion where fuch Fad Aiall be committed, inhabiting within the faid Hundred where the faid Fad Aiall happen to be committed, or near unto the fame, whether he or they do know the Perfon or Perfons that committed fuch Fad, or any of them; and if upon fuch Examination it be confeffed that he or they do know the Perfon or Perfons that committed the faid Fad, or any of them, that then he or they fo coo-feffmg Aiall be bound by Recognizance to profecute fych Offender or Offenders,' by Indidment or otherwife, according to the Law of this Realm t Provided alfo, that no Perfon who Aiall fuftain any Damage by Reafon of any Offence to be committed by any Offender contrary to this Ad, Aiall be thereby enabled to fue or bring any Action againft any Inhabitants of any Hundred where fuch Offence Aiall be committed, except the Party or Parties fuffaining fuch Damage Audi commence his or their Adion or Suit within One Year next after fuch Offence Aiall be committed: Provided neverthelefs, that the Notice hereby required may and Aiall be given in Scotland to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Subffitute of the County or Stewartry where fuch Fad Aiall happen to be committed, in order that fuch Meafures may be taken as the Law of Scotland prescribes in fuch cafes*

CAP. CXXVI.

An Aft to amend an Ad of he Fifty third Year of His pre-fent Majefty, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland\

[ift July i8l<5.]

€ PEREAS an Ad paffed in the Fifty third Year of His

*	W prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the Relief of

*	Infolvent Debtors in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the faid

*	Ad, and to diftinguiAi between the cafes of fuch Infolvent Debtors

*	who Aiall have been guilty of grofs Injuft ice towards their Credi-‘ tors, and the cafes of thole who Aiall not have fo conduded them*

• felves

56° GEO. III.

C. 110.

561

CAP. CX.

; for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners Tiers.	[ift	July 1816.]

IE REAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral Drawbacks of Excife payable by Law upon the Exportation of Hides Lins, tanned, tawed or drefled in Great Britain, and Leather r manufa&ured into Goods or Wares in Great Britain, from t Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and to grant and pother Drawbacks of Excife in lieu thereof Be it therefore 1 by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the •Sid Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and i in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority e. That from and after the palling of this Adi, the fevenu s of Excife now payable by Law, upon the Exportation i and Skins tanned, tawed or drafted in Great Britain, and made or manufa&ured into Goods or Wares in Great j from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as Merchandize, fhall t the feme are hereby repealed ; fave and except in all cafes 1 to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftively r at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpedt-h (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the fcof this A a.

be it further ena&ed. That in lieu and inftead of the i of Excife hereby repealed, there fhall be allowed and ttbefo&owing Drawbacks ; (that is to fay),

Kall 'Hides and Kips, and Calf Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins,

1 nl Skins, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, tanned or tawed in Frritan^'and duly marked ; and alfo for all fuch Hides and B Aall be cut in Pieces, for which the Duties .impofed in I thereof fhall have been paid, and which fhall be duly exported I Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize : r every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Leather tanned in Great ‘ \, and chargeable by Law to pay a Duty by Weight, for which ‘in impofed in reipedt thereof fhall have been paid, and duly ! from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two halfpenny s

rail Hides and Calf Skins, Sheep an.d Lamb Skins, Hog and 'kins, tanned in Great Britain, and afterwards curried and duly I, and alfo for all fuch Hides and Skins fo curried, as fhall be t Pieces, for which the Duties impofed in refpe& thereof fhall been paid, and which fhall be duly exported from Great Britain >reign Parts as Merchandize, Four pence: r every Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Goat Skins tanned with lach, m Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight Avoir-ife of Sheep Skins, tanned in Great Britain, for Roans, being the Nature of Spanifh Leather, and exported as Merchandize ’otogn Parts, Eight pence :

orewry Pound Weight Avoirdupoife of Boots and Shoes made rftit Britain of tanned Leather, and exported from Great un as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, ence:

56 Geo. III.	O	o	For

Drawbacks now payable on drefled Hides and Leather repealed,

except Arrears.

In lieu thereof the following

Drawbacks to be paid.

C. 127.

56* GEO. III.

AJX1S16.

ation of Small Coals.

Cods not ad* muted to Entry, unleft Certificate produced of Qvntity, and that they have patted through a Riddle or Screen of certain Di-

Mine Owners to provide Riddles or Screens, to he (tamped as Com-miffieners (hall dited.

Riddles to be damped.

Cools of a larger Sise, on Exportation, charged with Duty as hereto* fore.

Shipping Coals of a larger Di-mention, &c. at reducsd.Duty.

in snr Part thereof be more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch afunder, (hall, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter xftrtf-tioned, ceafe and determine; and that from and after the faid Fifth Da7 of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in Hen and inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be nufed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, upon the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parts of any Conk which fltall have been Screened through a Riddle or Screen the Bars of which, not being in any Part thereof more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch afunder, and damped ia the manner hereinafter di-reded, fuch and the Hke Duties and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts*

II. Pro rided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Cdak whatever fhall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty dot and payable on Culm under the frovifions of this Ad, unlefs a Certificate under the Hand of an Owner or Proprietor of the Mine or Pit from which fuch Coals fhall ham been railed, or of the principal and known Agent of Cuch Owner or Proprietor, dull be delivered to the Colledor of the Cuftoma at the Port of Exportation, which Certificate (hall fpecify the real Quantity of Coals fo to bead* mitted to Entry, and that all fuch Coals hare adually palled through a Riddle or Screen of the Dimenfions hereinbefore deferibed, and which Riddle or Screen damped as by this Ad dfreded ; and inch Certificate (hall alfo contain the Name and Refidence of the Owner or Proprietor of fucb Coals, with the Defcription of the Situation of the Mine or Pit from which fuch Coals were railed.

IIL And be it further enaded, That the Owner, or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Coal Pit or Mine from which it may be intended to (hip for Exportation atry Coals of the Sort aad Dimenfions hereinbefore deferibed, (hall at his or their Expence pro* vide or caufe to be provided fuch a Number of Riddles or Screens of the Dimenfions hereinbefore deferibed as (hall be necefiary and fufficient for the Purpofe of afeertaining that the Coais intended to be (hipped are of the Dimenfions required by this Ad in order to entitle them to be exported to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty as Culm : Provided always, that all fuch Riddles or Screens (hall be damped in fuch manner as the Commifiioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, or any Three or more of them, (hall from time to time dired ; fuch Stamps to be provided and affixed at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors of the Mines or Bits from which fuch Coals* (hall be intended to be (hipped: Provided always, that all Coals being of a larger Size or Dimen-fiaBS than is hereinbefore mentioned and deferibed, (hall on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain be charged with the Dhty on Coals fo exported, in fuch and the likrmfcUner ia every* refped as if this Ad had not been made*

IV. Provided always, and- be* it: further enaded, That if any Coals (hall be entered or (Kipped for Exportation to Foreign Rwts on which the Duty payable oa Culm (hall have been paid under the Provifions of this Ad, which (hall be of: larger Dimenfions than is allowed by this A>& to be fo entered, or which (ludl not have paftd through * damped Riddle or Screen of the Description by this Ad directed to bw uf*d, the Owner o* Proprietor o^uj vUtfCatbi

#

U8I6.

56’GEO. III.

C.110.

563

vtkfpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftiont and RSm refpeftively, to which the uke Goods, Wares, Meritor Commodities refpeftively were fubjeft and liable, except le&id, bjr any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately krthe pacing of this Aft relating to the Duties of Excife ; and id every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in hof any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before riling of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or it Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes* maod Directions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direfted declared to extend to and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed patio Execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral Drawbacks of is of Excife hereby allowed and granted, in as full and ample a ir, to til Intents and Purpofes whatever, except as aforejfaid, afl and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Provisions, Powers, Dint, Flaes, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly led and reenafted in the Body of this Aft.

IY. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Ninth Year of the 9 Ann. c.n. ig» d Her Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for laying $ ta* imJhtus upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or drejfed, and a Fdn and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Tears, for jjfaritg the War and other Her Majejly*s moft netejfary Oceafons, which Aft was afterwards made perpetual, it is enafted, that aty Turner or other Perfon or Perfons (hall, from and after the 1 Treaty fourth Day of June One thoufaad {even hundred and to, (have sr caufe to be (haved any Hide or Calf Skin whatever before die fame be thoroughly tanned, whereby fuch Hide or kin U be impaired, and Her Majefty’a Duty thereby diminifhed, fry fuch Hade or Skin, or the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited, ne Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them it will inform or fue for the fame: And Whereas it is expedient repeal the faid recited Provifion of the faid Aft \* Be it therefore it'd, That from and after the palling of this Aft, the fame (hall Provifion in re-wd is hereby repealed, fare and except as to the Recovery of any cited Aft pro-e, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred !)'blt!n8 sr Refpeft relating thereto before or upon that Day ; and that ,e H i and after the palling of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for Tanner* may filtered Tanner or Tanners to take out of the Wooze and (have take out of the Hide or Skin, or to cut and feparate therefrom the thin Parts Wooaeand >of: Provided always, that every fuch Tanner or Tanners (hall Six Days* previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife given^o^he v whole Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, of his Intention or proper officer. re fo to do, fperifying in fuch Notice the Day and Hour when be or they will take any fuch Hides or Skins out of the Wooze, the Number of fuch Hides or Skins refpeftively to be taken out, whether the fame are to be fo taken out for the Purpofe of being ed, or for the thin Parts to be cut off and feparated as aforefaid; imy Tanner or Tanners (hall take any Hides or Skins, or Parts Tanner* remov. Ran of Hides or Skins out of the Wooze For either of the Pur- or concealing «ifordaid refpeftively, or far any other Purpofe, except by	v,ewr

ting the fane into other Wooze in the fame entered Premifes, or “ ° cer*

1 reaovt or conceal any Hide or Skin, or any Piece or Part eof, not being the (having thereof, from the Sight or View of O o 2	the

564

56" GEO. III.

Penalty. Curriers ufing Sutnack in cur. rying Hides, &c. except for colouring Leather, Penalty.

Hides taken out of Wooze to be hungup feparate from others till Account taken.

Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Duty of 6d. per Gallon on Spirit# granted by

SS G. 3. c. 139-

§ ft. repealed*

C. 110,111.

A.D.1

the Officer, fo that the Duties payable thereon (hall not b charged, accounted for and paid, the Tanner or Tanners rrfpt fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and Ii Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V.	And be it further eroded, That it fhall not be lawful £ Currier or Curriers, or other Perfon or Perfons not being ant Tanner, to ufe Sumack in or about the currying of any Hide a or in the Preparation or Dreffing of any Leather, except oolri Purpofe of colouring fuch Leather, upon pain of forfeiting k and every fuch Offeoce the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI.	And be it further eroded, That all and eveiy Tuner, 1 or Drefler of Hides or Skins, or Pieces or Parts of Hides or I (hall hang up fuch Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hill Skins, which he, (he or they (hall take out of the Wooze (a Purpofe, feparate and apart from all Hides or Skins, and Pis Parts of Hides or Skins, hung up to dry, or taken out of the! for that Purpofe, on any former Day, and (hall keep and cootirt fame, and every of them, fo feparate and apart, until the Sad Officer (hall have taken an Account thereof; and if any fncbla Tawer or Drefler (hall refufe or negled fo to -do, he, Aetft (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit andlofetheSaa«f( hundred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That all Fines, Mbs Forfeitures impeded by this Ad (hall be foed for, rw»«4 fat or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods aayfeft nalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levidotdM by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Hn* or Information in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record minjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland rripefodrit that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfetbflh His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Maty to I or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. CXI.	|

An AtI to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits diftilfed in Ink to reduce the Drawback on fuch Spirits exported to Tote Parts, and to make further Regulations for the CoJJedij the faid Duties, and the Duties on Licences for rd Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland.	[ift Julj \

1 II7 HERE AS it is expedient that Part of the Duty of < W on Spirits made from Corn or Grain in Inland U»

‘ repealed, and that the Drawbacks on fuch Spirits exported ‘ Ireland to any Place except Great Britain (hould be mb Be it therefore enaded by The King's Mod Excellent lbjd\ and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ai 1 poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament nffeoM the Authority of the fame, That the Excife Doty d $“? granted and made payable upon every Gallon of Aqua Vrtx, St Waters or Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Contort malted or unmalted, under and by virtue of an Ad pafied in da Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to grant an aMtiml of Excife in Ireland upon Spirits made or diftilledfrom Cm er (H ■hall ceafe and determine, and (hall be and the lame is to

repel

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

621

A.D. 1.816.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Power to tppoint faid Lord High Treafurer or the Commiflioners of the Treafury for addJ^nal Lom" the time being, and the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, eri* Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Three or

more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Adi, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to eled and appoint any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiffioner or Commiflioners for carrying this Ad into Execution; and every Perfon or Perfons who (hall be fo eleded and appointed, is and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as if he or they had been named in this prefent Ad, and had been hereby appointed a Commiffioner or Commiflioners for carrying this Ad into Execution.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Perfon Qualification of who (hall be fo eleded and appointed, (hall be capable of a&ing as a Commiffionen. Coramiflioner in the Execution of this Ad, unlels he (hall be in his

own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the adual Poffeflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or poflefled of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of Two thoufand Pounds.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon C^ratniffionen hereafter to be eleded a Commiffioner for the Purpofes of this Ad, Wlt,^u5 pot being fo qualified, (hall prefume to ad in the Execution of this or ^on* * Ad, or being fo qualified (hall, during fuch time as he (hall hold any cerned in any Place or Office of Profit, or be any way interefted or concerned in Contnft under any Contrad to be made by virtue of this Ad, or any Work or Aft.

Bufinefs to be done under the fame, prefume to ad as a Commiffioner

in the Execution of this Ad, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Cods Penalty, of Suit, to any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, by Adiou of Debt or on the cafe or otherwife; and the Perfon fo (ued fhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or that he did not hold any fuen Place or Office of Profit, or was not interefted or concerned m any fuch Contrad, Work or Bufinefs as aforefaid (as the cafe may happen), or otherwife, (hall pay the faid Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that fuch Perfon had aded as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Ad, or whilft holding any fuch Place or Office, or being interefted or concerned in any fuch Contrad, Work or Bufinefs as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall Meeting of meet at fuch time and Place as any Three or more of them (hall Commiffionen. appoint, by Notice to be figned by them, and affixed on the Church

Doors of the Parifhes of Saint James in the Liberty of IVeftminfter,

Saint Mary U bone. Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint George Hanover Square,' at leaft Eight Days before fuch Meeting, in order to put this Ad in Execution; and (hall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themfelves to any Place within or near the Limits of this Ad; and if at any time there (hall not appear at any fuch Meeting a fuffident Number of the faid Commiflioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Ad to ad in the Execution of the fame, any One of the faid Commiflioners prefent may adjourn the Meeting to another Day; and in cafe of any Negled or Adjournment. Qraiffion to adjourn, any Three of the faid Commiflioners or their Clerk, /ball and may call a Meeting at the Place where the laft Meet*

ing

cite.

w gko. nr.

m

A.D. 1B1&

Humber of

Comraiffiooei*

pctfeoc.

£pe*l Meeting* msy be hold.

Reftri&ion ai to revoking Orders.

Proeeedings of Commiffioner* to be entered.

Evidence.

Officers to be appointed, and 10 give Security,

ing of the fffiid Commifilofttrs wU# appointed to be held dr waft held by Notice or Summon# to be delivered at the ufual Place of Abode of nil fuch Commiftoners, kt lead Three Days before fach Meeting | and that at all Meeting# to be held in purfuance of this Aft, the faid CotAiAiflfonet# (huff defray their own Expences (except for the Ufe of the Room Or Apartment where fuch Meetings fhall be held, which ihdU be paid out of the Rate# or Afletfments hereinafter direfted to be made and levied) $ and no Aft of the faid Commif-fioners (hall be valid, utdef# inade or done at fonte Meeting to be held by virtue of this Aft (except the calling of Meetings as aforefaid); and that all the Power# and Authorities by this Aft granted to or vetted in the Comtniffioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue hereof, (hall and may from time to time be exercifed by the major Pan of them preftnt at their refpeftive Meetings to be holden as afbreikid, the Number of Commimoners prefent at fndi Meeting not being lef# thin Three, for the Pofpofe of borrowing Money, granting Annuities, et making Contrafts, and not being leu than Two in any other cafe, unlefi where herein Otherwife particularly provided | and in all dales Where the Number of Vote* upon any Queftion (hall be equal, (including the Chairman's Vote,) the Chairman (hall have the eaftidg Vote; and Ut every Meeting to be held under or in purfoadee of this Aft, the firft Bufinefs (hall be the Eleftion of a Chairman to orefide at the fame: Provided neverthe-lefs, that it (hall he lawful for the Coriffoiffione*8 appointed arid to be appointed by or by virtue of this Aft, arid they are hereby atttho-rixed to hold any Special Meeting between their tfWri laft Meeting and the Day to which any fubfequent Meeting (hall have been a<£ joufned, fo that fuch Meeting {hall be ttqiffced by Two or More of the faid Commiffiofters, Und Notice thereof given a4 laft afbrefkrd, at let ft Three Days before the time to be appointed for the fonte, and fo as that fuch Notice lhaH Be ftgned by the Cleric or the laid Com&ai* (toners, and fpecify the Caufe or Caufes Of ftfdh Specbd Meeting.

VlL And be it further eriafted, That no Order iriade by the fold CotumiAoners, appointed of to he appointed by virtue of tins Aft, (hall be revoked or altered, utilefs at fome Special Meeting to be required as aforetitid, of Which T'hreV Days' Notice (hall be given as laft aforefaid, expfeffing the Occatton or fuch Meeting; and aHo, unlsfs a greater Number Of CommiffiorieYs fhall attend fuch Meeting, to revoke or alter the fame, than Were prefect When foch Onfcr Was made.

VIII.	And be ft forth** efta&ed, That Entries (half be made in a Boole or Books to bo provided for that Pirfpofc of all the Aftf, Orders and Proceedings of the fcrid Commiffioner#, and of the Names of the Gommiffionm Who (haft be prefect at the refoe&ivfe Meet-lags; and One or more of the faid Cotamftfioners Who (hull be pre-fiwt, (ball fubferfbe hk or their Nome dr Names at the End of the Proceedings of the rCfyeftive Meeting# ; and all fuch Entries being fo ftgned (hall be deemed Original#, and (hall be allowed to be read » Evidence in all cafes. Suit# Und Actions totfcfcfog any thing done in purfuance of this Aft $ and that foch Book (ball at afl fea-fonable times be open to the' Infpeftion of ail Perfons rated Of* affeflW for the Purpofes of this Aft.

IX.	And be ft further eoafted, That the faid CommiftfoUM (Rail from time to tone, by Writing under theft Hands, appetot a 'frtir-

ftxrer.

66° GEO. III.

C.128,

«S

furer, Clerk and Surveyor, and alfo a Colledor of the Rates or Af-{effmenti to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and fuch other Officers and Perfons as they (hall think neceflary, and may remove any fuch Officers or other Perfoni as they (hall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay fuch Salaries and make luch Allowances to all fuch Officers or Perfons as they the faid Commiffioners (hall I think reafonable; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to take Security from every fuch Treafurer or Colledor as they (hall thick proper.

X. And be it further enaded, That every fuch Treafurer and [	Colled or (hall, under their refpedive Hands (at fuch time or times,

and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall diredl deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as tney (hall appoint, a true and perfed Account in Writing of all fuch matters ' and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which (hall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Pur-r pofes of this Ad, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-! bur fed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and all fuch Colle&ors (hall pay all fuch Money •	as (kail remain in their refpedive Hands; and if any fuch Colledor

'	as afbrefaid ftiaU at any time or times hold or keep m his own Hands

(	for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money

t	to be received by him under this Ad, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

r	be (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Coramif-

l	(toners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the

r	Space of Ten Days next after he (hall be called upon by them or

f	their Treafurer to pay fuch Penalty; and every fuch Colledor (hall,

r	when thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, aflembled at any

fuch Meeting as afbrefaid, produce a Book containing an Account t of the Rates and Afleffinents laid by virtue of this Ad, which fhall be in arrear and unpaid^ and the Names of the Perfons by whom the fame ought to be paid, with the Sums by them refpedively owing, and the time when the fame became due $ and every fuch Treafurer and Colledor fo accounting (hall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, (which Oath any One of the faid Commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminifter,) verify fuch their re-fpedsve Accounts ; and if any fuch Treafurer or Colledor (hall refufh or wilfully negled to make and render, or (hall refufe- to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Voucher* relating to the fame, or to make Payment as afbrefaid; or in cafo the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners^ or any fuch Treafurer or C&llfedor, (hall not deliver to the faid Commiffionerr, or to fuch Ptrfon as they (hall’appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by* Notice in Writing, ligned by the faid Commiffioners, or* any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the Ibffior ufual Place of Abode of fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colledor; ill Books, Papers and Writings in their refpedive Cuftody or Power; relating to the Execution of this Ad, or Duplicates thereof refped-i*elyt or give Satisfadion to the faid Commiffioners refpeding the fame, and Complaint (hall be made thereof on the behalf of the faid Commiffioners, to any Juftfoe of the Peace for the County of Mid* dttfem- or City of Wefminfter% fucb Juftice is hereby anthorized and requitedi by Warrant under his Ham) and Seal, to caufe*fuch Trea-ftuerj Cfcrk or Cofle&or tpbt brought before him; and upon his

appearing

Trcafursrand

Colledor to account.

Unduly keninc Money in Hand.

Penalty.

Reftifiog to account.

Clerk of Commiffioners, Treafurer and Colledor to do-Krer to Commif-fiooers or their Appointee on Notice of Fourteen Days. Books, Ac. relating to Ad or Duplicates.

568

Where an Office for granting Permits is not eftabli(hed,Com-miflioners (hall order Spirits to be warehoused.

In what cafe only Permit to be granted for Removal of fuch Spirits.

Spirits diftilled from Stills of or under too Gallons to remain in Warehoufe for ■ny Period without Payment of 10 per Cent, of Duty.

In what Quantities Spirits may be taken out for Home Con* fumption.

Spirits from Stills exceeding loo Gallons may remain in Ware-^oufe beyond

C.111.	56° GEO. III.	A.D

refpeft of the Ufe of Turf thereiny and as* if every fuch S been worked with Coal during fuch Period.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may b< for the Cotnmiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irebx time to time to order and dire& that all Spirits diftilled Diftillery of any Diftiller in Ireland, in fuch Cities, Td Places, wherein an Office for granting Permits {hall | eftabliftied, and as (hall be mentioned and fpecified in an to be made by the faid Commiffioners for that Porpofe, depofited in His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores, and that a diftilled in fuch Diftillery (hall be fent out of fuch Diftillery Place whatever except to His Majefty’s Warehoufe or $t<X that no fuch Spirits (hall be fold, difpofed of or delivered Diftiller to any Perfon or Perfons, until the fame (hall h houfed in fuch Warehoufe or Stores, under the Regulations! by Law, or fuch other Rules and Regulations ai the faid miflioners (hall from time to time make for that Purpofe; a from and after the time when fuch Order or Dire&on of fud miflioners (hall be fo made, it (hall not be lawful for fuch I to fend any Spirits out of his Diftillery or Stores contrary t Order, on Pain of Forfeiture of all fuch Spirits, and of the or Veflels in which the fame (hall be contained, and the fa and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Exalt; udi not be lawful for any Officer to grant any Permit fr the moval of fuch Spirits from the DiftiUery or Stores of MM except to fuch Warehoufe, anything in any Ad contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

• XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the further Eacoa

*	ment of Diftillers licenfed to keep Stills of or under Ooehn

*	Gallons Content, that Spirits diftilled in any fuch Still jbe

*	allowed to remain in His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stom

*	longer Period than Four Calendar Months, without Fame

*	any Sum of Money after the Rate of Ten Pounds ferCt 1 on the Amount of the Duties on fuch Spirits;’ Be it tk enadted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, any which (hall have been or (hall be made or diftilled in say S or under One hundred Gallons Content, and which (hall bavf or (hall be warehoufed purfuant to Law in any of His Ma Warehoufes or Stores in Ireland, (hall and may, remain in any Warehoufes or Stores for any Period without Payment of any Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum aforefaid, for refpeft of fuch Spirits upon the taking of the fame out for I Confumption ; and that it (hall not be lawful for the Commiilioar of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, to order any fuch Spirits ft be fold at the Expiration of fuch Period of Four Months; jri&r it (hall and may be lawful for the Diftiller or other Proprietor any fuch Spirits to take fuch Spirits out of Warehoufe forHoro Confumption, in any Quantity not lefs than One hundred any thing in any A61 or Adis in force to the contrary wt^ith-ftanding.

XII. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the pair{ of this A61 it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioam « Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\ or any Three of them, tri they are hereby refpedtively authorized, upon Application made to

to

AJD. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

625

Part of fuch Limits, or make the fame otherwife than as (hall be direfted by the faid Commiffioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon Penalty, fo offending (hall alfo pay all the Expences of reftoring fuch Ground or Pavement to its former State.

‘XII. And Whereas feveral Perfons have already paved, or may ‘ hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, Paffages and ‘ Places, within the Limits of this A8, for which it is reafonable ‘ fome Allowance fhould be made ;* Be it therefore further enafted,

That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby Commiffioner* authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arife under t0 make and by virtue of this Aft, to make and pay to fuch Perfons, as to pncCrfo,J°af^av the faid Commiffioners (hall appear to be entitled thereto, fuch Pay- ^vc ptved at ments or Allowances for or in refpeft of fuch Pavement made and their own Ex-done, or which (hall hereafter be made and done by them as aforefaid, pence, as to the faid Commiffipners (hall appear fair and reafonable.

1 XIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners Commiffioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchafe the m»y purchafe 1	Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets

:	may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares,	him

E Ways, Courts, Paffages or other Places under the Jurifdiftion of any Ground for Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees before the paffing getting Mate-of this Aft, which (hall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered rials, and for under the Provifions of this A A; or fuch Parts thereof as (hall be	WaKh

within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Commiffioners under this Houfe^ **• Aft, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials belonging to any fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, within fuch Limits, and alfo to make Compenfation to hny fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, for any Lofs or Damage which they or their refpeftive Pariflies may fuftain by reafon of any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways,

Courts, Paffages or Places, being put or placed under the Commiffioners for carrying this Aft into Execution ; and alfo to purchafe, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purpofes of digging Gravel for the better paving fuch Streets, Squares, Circuffes,

Ways, Courts and other public Paffages and Places as aforefaid, and for the Purpofes of depoiiting Materials thereon, for or on account of fuch Paving, or for the Purpofe of erefting a Watch Houfe or Watch Houles thereon, or to rent any Building to be made ufe of aa or for any other of the Purpofes of this Aft, as (hall appear to them to be neceffary, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for fuch time, as to them (hall appear reafonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, (hall be re-fpeftively paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Aft; and alfo to ereft any Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewife to buy or hire fuch „ Horfes, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be neceffary for the Purpofe of carting fuch Gravel, or for cleanfing or watering fuch Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages and Placet as aforefaid, or for any other Purpole direfted by this Aft ; and alfo to hire fuch Perfons, buy fuch Materials and make fuch Regulations for the better Execution of any fuch Purpofes, as they the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft (hall in their Difcretion think proper.

56 Geo. III.	S	•	XIV. And

•628

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Damages to be aflefledy in cafe ofDilagres. menta, by a Jury.

Sheriff, && empowered to adminifter Oaths.

Witnefles examined on Oath.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Commiffionen of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Pavement, Rails, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft are hereby empowered to purchafe, take and ufe for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall negleft or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence or Disability (hall be prevented from treating with the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, or their Agents, for the Sale and Difpofal thereof; or if fuch Proprietor or Propria tors, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, cannot be found or knows, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes fo to be purchafed, or to the Intereft, he, (he or they (hall refpe&iaeij claim therein, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioners, or if the Perfons entitled to be compensated for any fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, (hall not agree with the Commiffioners for executing dm Aft in regard thereto, then and in every or any fuch cafe, the Sheriff of the faid County of Mtddlefex, or bis Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Weftmtnflcr, or bis Deputy, as the cafe may be; or in cafe fuch Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, (hall be anyways interefted in the Matter is queftion, then fome of the Coroners of the faid County, not inte-refled therein, (hall, upon the Warrant of the faid Commiffionen for executing this Aft, to be iffued in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to caufe it to be inquired into and afeertamed, upon the Oaths of s Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of MUMLjex,or City and Liberty of Wejhninfter> (which Oaths the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter,) what Recompence and Satif-faftion ought to be made to fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, 'Truftees, Owners, Occupiers or other Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, or for the Value of fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp foils or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refoeftive Eftates and Interefls of every Perfon or Perfons feifed or podefied thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and (hall aflefs and award tk Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Commiffioners of Basement, Veftrymen, Truftees or other Perfon or Perfons refpeftmfy for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, for the Purchafe of then refpeftive Rights, Eftates and Interefts therein; and in order thereto, the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to futhmon and call before the £wl Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, who (hall be thought neceflary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witnefles, touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) ; and fuck Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpeftively, (hall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Materials or Places is queftion, if there be occafion, and ufe all other lawful ways sad •	5*	mess*,

56° GEO. III.

C.lll.

871

■ifUi DiftOkty to ftnp down and fatten the Head of every H; and to proceed in all other refpe&t as if Notice of the ■huace of the working of fuch Still had been given by the Kin manner required by Law in all cafes of difeontinuing the 1^ of any Still $ and if at any time after the End of the faid Stills found at tuf Four Weeks, and before the faid Twenty ninth Day of Work lfter dbr, any Inch Still or Stills (hall be found at work in the Dif- of ¥S*a of fuch Diftiller, fuch Diftiller (hall be charged and chargeable chided with the k Doty payable in refpe& of the faid Still tor a full Period of Duty,

Weeks next enfuiag the Day upon which the working of fuck lit to bare been difeontinued as aforefaid, and the Officer in [ loch Diftillery (hall make fuch Weekly Return or Returns ‘i Fart of the faid Period of Four Weeks as (hall elapfe previous to the Twenty ninth Day of fuch Month of as is required by Law in cafes where any Still (hall be : as working; and fuch Officer (hall alfo, within Ten Days 1 the Twenty ninth Day of fuch Month of September, make i to the Colle&or of the Diftrift of a Charge upon fuch r of all fuch Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, AeQanttties comprifed in any fuch previous weekly Return or ■to, fluR amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which fuch Ifcr (hall be chargeable with Duty in refpedfc of fuch Still, for Iftriod of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and fuch Dif-ffiftH pay the Duty appearing by fuch Return and Charge to become doe and payable within Six Days after fuch Return and ge (hall bare been made, or fhall for any Default forfeit Twenty Penalty, ads, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty fo returned charged, although it may happen that the Licence of fuch Dif* m may have expired on the (aid Twenty ninth Day of September,

'•akboogh fach Still (hall not have been a&ually at work at any f after fuck Twenty ninth Day of September.

JFIIL And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Sd for the Comnsiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\

Ee to time to make fuch Regulations as they (hall think fit, to

and authorize the Amount of the Allowance or Deduction ^	^	^

dr out of anv Charge of Duty arifing from the Decreafe of a7 Expirationof

ETtfh or Pot Ale, for or in refpeft of any Quantity of Low Four Weeks.

or Singlings which may remain on Hand in the Diftillery of DiftiDer at the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks, or mty eight Days, during which any Still of fuch Diftiller (hall he geable as working in proportion to the Content of any fuch Still e&ively $ and that it (hall not be lawful for ahy Officer to make Allowance or Dedoction whatever from any fuch Charge of tj on any Diftiller for or in refpeft of any Quantity of Low Wines ting lings which may remain on Hand at the Expiration of any od of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which the I of any Diftiller (hall be chargeable as working, nor (hall any oiler be entitled at any time to any fuch Allowance or Dedu&ioft a any fuch Charge of Duty, other than fuch Allowance and do&on as ihall be fo afeertained and authorized by the laid mmffioncra, from time to time, in proportion to the Contents of Still as aforefaid, except as ia hereinafter provided with refped :be weekly Charges on inch Diftiller.

XIX. And

Allowances in refpe& of Decreafe of Wafti and of Low Wines in Hand

628

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1810.

Sheriff, Jury snd Witnefles for Negleft of Duty.

Penalty.

Ex pence* of Juries how paid when Verdift for more Money than offered by Commiffioners.

How paid when Verdia for left;

where the fum-moning a Jury has arilen from i Refufal to treat with Commif-fiooers.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, fo dire&ed to fummon and return a Jury as aforefaid, fhall make default in the Premifes, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury, fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to l>e fworn, or to give his Verdidl, or fhall in any other manner wiL fully negled his Duty, contranr to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi ; or if any Perfon (o fummoned as a Witnefs fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined or to give Evidence, any Perfon fo offending, having no reafonable Excufe to be allowed by the Juftices hereinafter mentioned, fhall for every fod Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, whicc feveral and refpe&ive Penalties fhall and may be levied by virtie of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of Ha Majefty’s Judices of the Peace for the County of Middlefex or City of WeJlmtnJler, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfons fo offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus* after fuch Penalties and tne Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhaC be deduced.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any Jury to be fon-moned and fworn purfuant to the Authority of this Adi fhall give b a Verdidl or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence, Corn-pen fation or Satisfadlion, for the Right, Intereft or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Pavements, Rails, Gates, Damp Pols and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, or for fuch Loft or Damage as aforefaid, than (hall have been agreed to be given and offered for the fame by the faid Commiflioners for executing this Adi, before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury, then and u every fuch cafe, all the reafonable Cofts, Charges and Expences of caufing and procuring fuch Recompence, Compenfation or Satisfaction, to be affeffed by a Jury, fhall be fettled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, before whom fuch Claim fhall have been tried, and fhall be paid by the faid Commiffiouers oc: of the Monies which (hall arife«by virtue of this A A; but if any Jury fo fummoned and fworn as aforefaid fhall give in a Verdid or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money, as fuch Recompence, Coe-penfation and Satisfadlion as aforefaid, than fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Commiffioners for the fame, before the uunsre ing and returning of the faid Jury; or where the caufing and procuring fuch Jury to be fummoned (hall have arifen from a RefuM to treat or agree with the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, by fuch Commiflioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or PaWs whomfoever, who is or are, by the Provifions of this ABl or otherwise, legally empowered to treat, then all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences (to be fettled by fuch Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner in manner aforefaid) fhall be paid to the Commiffionen for executing this Adi, by the faid Commiffioners of Pavement, Ve&ry-men, Truftees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfons fo claiming fuch Compenfation, or refilling to treat and agree, as before mentioned refpedlively, fave only and except where, by reafon of Abfence or other like Caufe, any Periba fhall have been prevented-from treating nr agreeing as aforefaid, is

whkh

57%

IS 16.

56° GEO. III.

C.111.

, or Duty for or in refped of any fuch Deficiency by any

And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the r of January One thousand eight hundred and feventeen, I may be lawful for any Perfon who (hall be duly liccnfed • an Hotel within the City of Dublin, or within One Mile of City, to have and obtain at his Defire, a Licence to fell by Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or BrlethegHn or Mead, within fuch Hotel, and to be ufed and •ed therein only, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds bo more ; fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral Rules and Re-ton with refped to the obtaining fuch Licence, as are contained fctedcd in and by an A d made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, M An AS to grant certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for ■b of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences tfornj dealing in Excifeable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the I Duties payable upon fuch Licences, and to fecure the Payment )k Excife Duties, and to regulate the iffuing of fuch Licences, n dsfcoxrage the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous L,iquors in Ireland,

, mj other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for the amending aadlaft recited Ad, or for regulating the granting of fuch Li-0: JWrided always, that no Keeper of fuch Hotel, who (hall tficeofied on the Payment of Seven Pounds only, (hall fell or sr any fuch Liquors to any Perfon for Sale, in any other manner to be n£ed and confumed within fnch Hotel by the Lodgers or iftes of fuch Hotel, and (hall not be entitled to vend or fell,, lhali vend, fell or fend out any fuch Spirituous or other Liquors ary Perfon not being a Lodger or an Inmate of fuch Hotel, upon n that every Perfon fo licenfed and fo vending, fending out and hg fads Spirituous or other Liquors contrary to this Ad, (hall teemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and (hall foble to all Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Perfon or Coos are fubjed under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for sling Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence.

IXIV. Aad be it further enaded, That from and after the fog of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful for every Perfon to r and obtain at his Defire, a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, je, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, detail, within the Town of Ballinafloe, and within One Mile of Market Houfe or Market Place therein, on Payment of the Sum Eleven Pounds only, and no more, any thing in the faid lad: reel Ad of the laft Selfion of Parliament, or in the Schedule there-

0	annexed, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for •nding the faid Ad, or for regulating the granting of fuch Lire*, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding, fubjed never-efs to the feveral Rules and Regulations with refped to the fining fuch Licence, as are contained and direded in and by the {recited Ads or any of them.

1	XXV. And Whereas by the faid Ad made in the laft Seflion Parliament, intituled An AS to grant certain Duties of Excife ii Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail,

W upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Excifeable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon fuch Licences, and o fecure the Payment of fuch Excife Duties, and to regulate the iffuing

Hotel Keepers in Dublin may take out a Licence to retail Spirits, Wine, Beer, &c. paying

7h

550.3.0.19.

Sale of Liquors limited to the Inmates of the Hotel

Penalty.

Licences may be taken out for Sale of Liquors in Ballinafloe, on Payment of ill

55 G. 3- c- *9* §47*

57*

C. 111.

56* GEO. III.

Meining of the Words u Market Town r explained.

J uftices may fummon before them Periods charged with felling Liquors without Licence.

Convi&ioa.

Penalty.

Penalty not paid,

fmprifonmcnt.

Former A8s relating to the Collection of Duties on Spirits extended to Ad.

A-TX

*	of fuch Licences, and to £f courage the immoderate UJe of 5j

*	jLiquors in Ireland; it is among other things ena&ed, tk 1 be lawful for any Perfon in any Place m Ireland, wfa 1 Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous and other Liquon

*	ven Pounds only, (fuch Place not being fituate within any

*	Town, or within One Mile thereof,) to obtain fuch Lie 1 Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds; And Whereas 1 may arife as to the Meaning and Extent of the Words *

*	Town9 Be it declared and ena&ed, That the (aid Pm the laid recited Ad fhall extend to fuch Towns only hi Weekly Market is a&ually holden throughout the Year ;i in Places fituate within any Town where a Weekly Marks fo ad ually holden, fuch Licence may be granted on Payma faid Sum of Seven Pounds in the laid Ad mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (kail sod say ful for any Juftice of the Peace in Irelsmd» within hit Jurifdk fummon any Perfon charged with having fold my Spina quors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder or Perry, MetW Retail without Licence, and to require, by the Si iffued, the Perfon fummoned to bring with him or her, aad| duce a Licence in force to fuch Perfon for felling fad S and other Liquors by Retail $ and in cafe fuch Pertosfofi (hall not appear, upon Proof on Oath made of tkeSensrs Summons, or if fuch Perfon (hall appear and fbalsstjsid proper Licence authorizing him or her to fell by BfliUl uous and other Liquors, then fuch Juftice (hall en fuch Witnefe or Wit Defies as (hall appear before bn, fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and empowered todaiafej if Proof (hall be made before fuch Juftice, or if it Dull appeal Confefiion of the Party that fuch Perfon did fell Spintaosilj or any of fuch Liquors aforefcid, at any time witha T«tN previous to the iffuing of fuch Summons, then fuch Jdir convid the Perfon charged with having fold fuch Spirituous Liquors of fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon (hall he liable nil to a Fine or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and set 4 Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice, (exdsfi«^ other Penalty or Forfeiture to which fuch Perfon may by I liable to, or iubjed for fuch Offence,) and fuch Juftice U« fuch Perfon fo convided to forfeit fuch Sum according^ Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Md the Churchwardens or the Parifh where fuch Offence (kill M committed, for the Ufe of the Poor therein; and in cafe ftfj nalty or Sum which fuch Perfon (hall be fo adjudged to b feited (hall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon fsc vidion, fuch Offender (hall be committed to Gaol by foch J for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and * than One Calendar Month, at the Difcretion of fuch Jufbfc

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every tkC* Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and ft Recovery, prescribed, mentioned and contained in aayAdtfJ of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or fecaring I Colledkm of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Irani fluH k plied and put m pradice in the Execution of this Aft, ai fully as( efie&ually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoewr, u if ^

Clauiei

AJX1816,

C.128.

831

56° GEO. 111.

io or upon Stone, Wood or othcrwife, and to be fixed in a confpicuous Pant or One or more Houfe or Houles, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of fuch Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways and Courts, and other public Paffages and Places, the Name by which each refpe&ive Street, Square, Circus, Lane, Way, Court, Yard, Mews, Paffage and Place, is to be properly called or known, in fuch manner as they (hall judge moft proper for diftinguifti-ing the fame; and if any Perfon mall wilfully break, throw down, take away, fpoil or damage any Watch Houfe or Watch Box, Lamps or any of the Irons, Polls or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully ex-tingudh the Light of any fuch Lamp, or deface or obliterate any fuch Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety (hall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Commifiionera a&ing under and by virtue of this Alt, to be by them applied for the Purpofes thereof; and fuch Offender (hall alfo pay to the faid Com mi (Boner 8, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, fuch Sum of Money as (hall be a full Satisfa&ion for the Damage fo done; and in ca(e any Perfon (hall caTelefsly, negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwife fpoil or damage any of the faid Lamps, or the Irons, Pods or other Furniture thereof, and (hall not, upon Demand, make Satisfa&ion for the Damage done thereto, it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlefex y or the City of WeftminRer, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witneffes, or on the Confeifion of the Party, to award fuch Sum of Money by way of Satisfa&ion for fuch Damage, as fuch Juftice (hall think reasonable, not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Lamp, Lamp Iron, or Lamp Pod, or in default of Payment thereof, upon Demand, to caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon who (hall have done fuch Damage, rendering the Overplus (if anyl after dedu&ing the Charges of prosecuting fuch Complaint, and of fuch Didrefs and Sale, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That the Occupier of every Houle and Tenement now ere&ed or to be ere&ed within the Limits of this A&, (hall once in every Day, before the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, fweep and cleanfe, or caufe to be feraped, fwept and cleanfed, the Footway all along and oppofite to the whole Front and Flank Wall, if any, of his, her or their refpe&ive Houfes or Tenements, or in default thereof every fuch Occupier (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and if any fuch Houfe or Budding be let furnilhed or in feparate Apartments to Inmates, then and in every fuch cafe, the Perfon or Perilous fo letting the fame (hall, for the Purpofe aforefaid, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners for executing this A& (hall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to caufe all or any tof the Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages and public Places within the Limits of this A&, to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors for the time being (hall think proper, and for that Purpofe to caufe fuch Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, funk and made in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages and Places, as

S s 4	they

Watch) Lamp*, frc.

Penalty.

Carelefsly damaging Lamps kc,

Penalty.

Diftrcfa.

Perfons to fweep the Pool-. way oppofite their Houfet once a Day.

Penalty.

Commiffionen may Water Streeti.

Welb may J>c dug.

576

C.111,112.

56* GEO. Ill

UnKcenfed Per-font having Waih or Singlings, and being Owners, && of unlicenfed Stills.!



ADll

TABLE referred to by this Aft.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Q of Spirits produceable wherefrom any Diftiller in Ireka be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Pour We Twenty eight Days, in refpeft of every Still of fucb I being of the feveral Contents following; that is to fay’,

Contents of the Stiu.		1  101
3,000 Gallons and upwards	m	I B
3,000 not lefs than	2»7f°	I n
2,750	2.500	to
2,500	2*250	it
2,250	2,000	”1
2,000		ni
1,750	J.500	«f
i»5°°	1.250	V
1,250	1)000	
1,000	7501	¥
750	5001	
500	4»!	¥
400	3*1	m
3°° “	m\	¥
200 and exceeding		¥
Not exceeding 100 and exceeding	651	
Not exceeding 65 and not lefs than -	44	no
CAP. CXH.		

An Aft to make certain Provifions for modifying tkfera1; Afts for ixnpofing and levying of Fines, in refpeflotdii ful Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland. [ift Julj M

* IX^HEREAS it is expedient to make certain Promioni I € Vt regulating the impofing Fines in refpeft of illicit Dim « of Spirits in Ireland;* Be it therefore cnafted by The m Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coufent oft Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Pi liament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That M and after the palling of this Aft it Ihall not be lawful for a Perfon in Ireland, other than a Perfon duly Headed u a DiM or Brewer, to have or keep in his or her Cuftody or Poffeffion a ; Worts, Walh or Pot Ale (except for the Purpofe of be% cd into Beer for the private life of fuch Perfon, Proof of (hall lie on fuch Perfon), nor for any Perfon other than a kenied Diftiller, to have or keep in his or her Cuftody or PoB&* Low Wines or Singlings whatever; and that it (hall not be Mi for any Perfon to be Owner or Proprietor, or Part Owner or Pn> prietor, of any Still, other than fuch Perfon as (hall be a licrcied Diftiller or Partner of fuch licenfed Diftiller, or a Braxier tit licenfed to make or repair Stills, or Perfon otherwife dulv author it J by Law; and that it (hall not be lawful for any Perion to bnj

rtcti.i

A.D.181G

56° GEO. III.

G12S,

ess

fiu«r, Clark and Surveyor, and alfo a Colledor of the Ratec or Af-fieffments to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and fuch other Officers and Perfons as they (hall think neceflary, and may remove any fuch Officers or other Perfons as they (hall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay fuch Salaries and make luch Allowances to all fuch Officers or Perfons as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think reafonable; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to take Security from every fuch Treafurer or Colledor as they (hall think proper.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Treafurer and Tmfuwrand Colle&or fhall, under their refpe&ive Hands (at fuch time or times, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall dired] deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as tney (hall appoint, a true and perfe& Account in Writing of all fuch matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which (hall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Ad, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-burfed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and all fuch CoTledors fhall pay all fuch Money as fhall remain in their refpedive Hands; and if any fuch Collector Unduly keeping as afbrefaid fhall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands Money in Hand* for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this Ad, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Commif-ioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Penalty.

Space of Ten Days next after he fhall be called upon by them or their Treafurer to pay fuch Penalty; and every fuch Colledor fhall, when thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, aflembled at any fuch Meeting as aforefaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and Aflcffinents laid by virtue of this Ad, which fhaH he in arrear and unpaid* and the Names of the Perfons by whom the fame ought to be paid, with the Sums by them refpedively owing, and the time when the fame became due; and every fuch Treafurer and Colledor fo accounting fhall upon Oath* if thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, (which Oath any One of the faid Commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminifter,) verify fuch their refpedive Accounts; and if any fuch Treafurer or Colledor fhall Reftifing to refuffe or wilfully negled to make and render, or fhall refofe to verify account upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as afbrefaid; or in oafs the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners* or any fuch Treafurer Clerk of Comer Collfc&or, fhall not deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch roiffioners, Perfon as they fhall'appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing, figned by the faid Com- Kver to Commit miffibners, or- any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the fionert or their lafbor ufual Place of Abode of fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colledor, Appointee on all Books, Paper# and Writings in their refpedive Cuftody or Power, Notice ofFour" relating to the Execution of this Ad, or Duplicates thereof refped-	.

foely, or give Sfttisfadion to the faid Commiffioners refpeding the to A& or fame, and Complaint fhall be made thereof on the behalf of the faid Duplicates. Commiffioners, to any Juflice of the Peace for the County of Mid* dk/em ot City of Wefhninfler* fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and requiredi by WSrrant under his Hand aod Seal, to caufe fuch Trea-furerj Clerk* or CoQb&br tp bfr brought before him, and upon his

-appearing

C.128.

56" GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Montes remaining in the Hands ofCoUeftor,

Diftreft.

Tretfurer, kc. refufing, fee. to ghre Accounts, 5rc

Imprifonment till Account rendered, kc.

Cotnmtffionera to pave and repair Streets, Sec.

Altering Pavement, dec. without Content.

appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Way; and if upon the Confeffioa of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witneia upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to admtnif-ter,) it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which (half have been collefted and raifed by virtue of this Aft, (hall be in the Hands of any fuch Treafurer or Colie&or, fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to he levied by Diftrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon ; and u no fuch Goods or Chattels can he found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the Money and the Charges of diftraining and felling the Diftrefs, or it it (hall in manner aforefaid appear to fuch Jufuce, that any fuck Treafurer, Clerk or Colleftor had refufed or wilfully neglefted to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books Papers or Writings relating to the Execution of this Aft, (hall be in the Cuftody or Power of any fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colle&or, and he (hall have refufed or neglefted to deliver up or give Satisfaction refpefting the fame as aforefaid, then fuch Juftice (hall commit hm to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprizei until fuch Perfon, being Treafurer or Col-leftor, (hall make and give a true and perfeft Account and have paid fuch Money as aforefaid, or (hall have compounded for fuch Money with the faid Commiffioners, and have paid fuch Compofition in fuck manner as they (hall appoint, which Compofition the faid Commif-iioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until fuck Perfon, being Treafurer, Clerk or Colleftor, (hall deliver up all fuck Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the fame as aforefaid ; hut no Perfon who (hall he committed on account of his not having fufficient Goods or Chattels as aforefaid, (hall be detained in Prifon for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to caufe the feveral Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other Public PafTages and Places, or fuch Parts thereof as (hall he made and fet out within the Limits of their Jurif-diftion, under the Provifions of this Aft, both in the Carriage and Footwavs to be paved, and fuch Pavements to he from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon fuch Levels, and in fuch manner, and with Inch Sorts and kinds of Materials as they (hall judge neceffary and proper; and alfo to caufe the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, to he cleanfed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which (hall be made or fet out, to be fenced or inclofed with Iron or other Rails, in fuch Parts and Places and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obftruftions, Nuifances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourfes, to be made, for conveying the Water from the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper ; and that no Perfon (hall, without the Confent of the faid Commiffioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carnage or Footways within any

Pan

1X1*16.	56°	GEO.	IIL	C.	119.

W.	And be it further enaded, That if on any Trial or Proceed-pjraoy Affizes, for the Purpofe of or relative to the impofing jy Fine on any Townland, Diftrid, Divifion or Place, for or fffwunt of any unlicenfed Stilly or any Part of a Stilly or any jpndage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utenfil for drilling dn, or any Walk, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having I found or ufed refpedively in any Place within fuch Town-\ Diiind, Divifion or Place, in cafe it (hall be fctisfadorily it to appear to fuch Court by due Proof, that Information in Jug on Oath was given to the Juftice of the Peace, or Officer bat or Cuftome refpedively, refiding neared the Place where iOSeoce (hall have been committed, by an Inhabitant (not being Qfierrof Cuftorat or Excife) of fuch Townland, Diftrid, Divu l or Place, which Information the faid Juftice and Officer are authorized to take, of fuch unlicenfed Still, or Part of a I, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm, or Utenfil for diftiliing irita, or Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been odor ufed refpedively in fuch Place within fuch Townland, Dif-Didfion or Place, in confequence of which Information fuch ftoraoyPart of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any fens or any Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, w Fines or Singlings, (hall have been feized, and fuch Trial or wwdiags (hall have been indituted; or if it (hall alfo in like raer be aide to appear to fuch Court, that the Offender was tried 1 coovided of fuch Offence on the Information and Evidence of sh Inhabitant, or of fome other fuch Inhabitant of fuch Town-id, Diftrift, Divifion or Place, then and in fuch cafe it (hall not t hwfal for fuch Court at the faid Affizes to impofe any Fine fatmr os fuch Townland, Didrid, Divifion or Place, for or J account of fuch Offence refpeding which fuch Information (hall « bees given, and fuch other Proceedings and Convidion had as tt&id, any thing in this Ad or in. any other Ad or Ads to the flbvy thereof in anywife notwithdandmg.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it mall not be lawful for the at ay Affioea to proceed to try or determine any Information ranj Offence, on account whereof any Townland, Didrid, Divi-

2)	Place or Houfe (hall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under f Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit filiation, on the Commiffion Day or Fird Day of fuch Affizes ; f thing in any fuch Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftand-Provided always, that every fuch Court (hall and they are shy required to try and determine all fuch Informations, and lanes and Traverfes, matters and things relating to or con-sag fttch Informations, at fome time during the Continuance of hAfizes.

PL And be it further enaded. That whenever any Officer of irons or Excife (hall find or difeover any unlicenfed Still, or any it of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any foil for dialling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or ■$ngs, for or in relped whereof the Perfon whor (hall ufe or have i foe would he fi»b}c& to any Penalty or Punifliment, or the Town-Diftrid, Divifion or Place within witich the fame (hall be found u&d would) be- fobjpd tp- any Fine or Penalty, every fuch Office^ i and he in hereby* refpedively required, within Six Daya after P p 2	fuch

m

No Fine (hall bo impof'd on any Townland, where Information of Offence is given by Inhabitant, and Still, Arc. faised and Offender eouvi&ed thereon.

Informations for Still Fines not to be tried on cho Firft Day of . Aflize.

Officer feiaing any illegal Still, Arc. to give Notice to Collector of £xcife in Diftri#, who (hall proceed in manner herein dirofted.

«62S

Damages to be aflefled, in cafe of DHa&ree-menu, by a Jury.

Sheriff, && empowered to ad-imnifter Oaths.

Witnefles examined on Oath.

C. 128.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1816.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Commiflkraers of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Pavement, Rails, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the faid Commiffioners for executing this A6t are hereby empowered to purchafe, take and ufe for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall negled or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence or Difability (ball be prevented from treating with the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or their Agents, for the Sale and Difpofal thereof; or if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, cannot be found or known, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes fo to be purchafed, or to the Intereft, he, (he or they (hall refpe&briy claim therein, to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiffioners, or if the Perfons entitled to be compenfated for any fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, (hall oot agree with the Commiffioners for executing tbs Ad in regard thereto, then and in every or any fuch cafe, the Sheriff of the faid County of Middltfex, or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Wcjtminjler, or his Deputy, as the cafe may be; or in cafe foch Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, (hall be anyways interefted in the Matter is queftion, then fome of the Coroners of the faid County, not inte-refted therein, (hall, upon the Warrant of the faid Commiffiooen for executing this Ad, to he iffued in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to caufe it to be inquired into and afeertaraed, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of Middle/cx, or City and Liberty of Wefhninfter% (which Oaths the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter,) what Recompence and Satil-fadion ought to he made to fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, 'Truftees, Owners, Occupiers or other Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, for fuch Lof6 or Damage as aforefaid, or for the Value of fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp fofts or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of tb proportionable Value of the refoedive Eflates and Interefts of every Perfon or Perfons feifed or pofleffed thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and (hall affefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Commiffioners of Prie-ment, Veftrymen, Truftees or other Perfon or Perfons refpedridy for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, for the Purchafe of the? refpedive Rights, Eftates and Interefts therein; and in order thereto, the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to futhmon and call before the (aid Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, who (hall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes, touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputr or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) ; and fuch Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpe&rafy, (hall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Materials or Places » queftion, if there be occafion, and ufe all other lawful ways sad •	j*	means.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

687

C.Z28.

means, as well for his -and their own as for the faid Jury’s better Information in the Premifes, as the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, (hall think fit ; and after the faid Jury /hall have inquired of, afcertained and fettled fuch Recom-pence and Satisfa&ion, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, fhail thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid by the faid Commiffioners for executing this A61, to the faid Coromiflioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners or Occupiers of, or other Perfons in-terefted therein, according to fuch Verdidl or Inquifition of the faid Jury, which faid Verdift or Inquifition and Order, fo had and made, (hall be final, binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purposes, upon and againft all Parties and Perfons whomfoever; and for the Summoning and returning of fuch Jury or Juries, the faid Comtniflioners for executing this Adi are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, to futpmon, impannel and return, at fome convenient Place in the faid County of Middlefext or City of Wcjlminjler9 as the cafe may be, a Jury of not lefs than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honed and indifferent Men, qualified according to X.aw to be returned for Trials of Iffues in His Majefty’g Courts of Record at JVeJlminfier^ to appear before the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, at fuch time and Place as in fuch Warrant (hall be appointed, and Fourteen Days’ Notice at the leaf! in Writing, under the Hands of the faid Com-miffioners for executing this Adi, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the time and Place at which fuch Jury fo required to be returned are to meet, fhail be given to fuch Com-miffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in the Premifes, before the time of the Meeting of the faid Jury, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at the Dwelling Houfe of the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, or of the Head Officer of fuch Body or Belies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpedtively intended to be valued ; and the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to impannel, fummon and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly ; and out of the Perfons fo impannelled, fummoned and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, (hall fwear or caufe to be fworn Twelve, who (hall be the Jurv for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and in default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, (hall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be fpeedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as la ft aforefaid) to the Number of Twelve ; and it (nail be lawful for all Perfons concerned, by themfelves, their Counfel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpe&ively; and fuch Perfons (hall alfo have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn, but mall not challenge the Array.

SherTF to order Sum afleffird by Jury to be paid.

Return of Jury.

Notice of Meeting of Jury to Commiffioners of Pavement,

&c.

Jury fworn.

Parties may attend by them-felves and Agents.

S 8 2

XV. And

628

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Sheriff, Jury and Witneffes for Neglc# of Duty.

Peualty.

Expences of Juries how paid when Verdi# for more Money than offered by Commiffionera.

Mow paid wh£n Verdi# for lefs;

where the fum-moning a Jury has aril'en from a Refufal to treat with Commif-fiooers.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, fo direded to fumtnon and return a Jury as aforefaid, (hall make default in the Premifes, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury, (hall not appear, or appearing (hall refufe to T>e fworn, or to give his Verdid, or (hall in any other manner wilfully negled his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad; or if any Perfon fo fummoned as a Witnefs (hall not appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be examined or to give Evidence, any Perfon fo offending, having no reafonabie Excufe to he allowed by the Juffices hereinafter mentioned, (hall for every fuck Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, whies feveral and refpedive Penalties (hall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of Hk Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or City of IVcflminfteri by Diffrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chzttek of the Perfons fo offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus, after fuch Penalties and the Charges of fuch Diffrefs and Sale (hall be deduced.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Jury to be fon-moned and fworn purfuant to the Authority of this Ad (hall give ia a Verdid or Affeffment for more Money as a Recom pence, Co®-penfation or Satisfadion, for the Right, Intereft or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Pavements, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pols and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, or for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, than (hall have been agreed to be given and offered for the fame by the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury, then and is every fuch cafe, all the reafonabie Coffs, Charges and Expences of caunng and procuring fuch Recompencc, Compenfation or Satisfaction, to be affeffed by a Jury, (hall be fettled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, before whom fuch Claiss (hall have been tried, and (hall be paid by the faid Comroiffioners out of the Monies which (hall arife*by virtue of this Ad; but if any Jury fo fummoned and fworn as aforefaid (hall give in a Verdid or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money, as fuch Recompence, Corn-pen fat ion and Satisfadion as aforefaid, than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Commiflioners for the fame, before tbe fummoo ing and returning of the faid Jury; or where the caufing and procuring fuch Jury to be fummoned (hall have arifen from a Refufal to treat or agree with the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, by fuch Commiflioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who is or are, by the rrovifions of this Ad or otherwifc legally empowered to treat, then all fuch Coffs, Charges and Expences (to be fettled by fuch Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner in manner aforefaid) (hall be paid to the Commiflioom for executing this Ad, by the faid Commiflioners of Pavement, Veffry--men, Truftees, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perlons fo claiming fuch Compenfation, or refuting to treat and agree, as before mentioned refpedively, fave only and except where, by reafon of Abfence or other like Caufe, any Period (hall have been prevented-from treating or agreeing as aforefaid, ia

which

A.D.1816.

S6°GE0.IIL

C. 12a

which Cafe no Cofts, Charges or Expences, (hall be allowed to either No Cofti. Party as againft the other5 and all Cofts, Charges and Expences Cofts direfted u» hereby direded to be paid to the faid Commiffioners for executing be paid to Com-this A d, (hall and may be deduded and retained by them out of the miflionera to be Money fo adjudged or affeffed to be paid by them, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of the Perfon and Perfons entitled to fuch Money fo adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder to them; of fuch Money (hall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo adjudged or affeffed; or in cafe no or if in Money Money, or no fufiicient Sum of Money (hall be awarded or affeffed awarded them* to be paid by the faid Commiffioners, whereout fuch Cods, Charges '•covered as and Expences can be deduded, then the fame (hall and may be re- Penaltle<-covered by fuch Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Alt impofed or authorized to be impofed.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That all the faid Judgments Venli&itobe and Verdids (hall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His recorded. Majefty’s Land Revenue arifing in the County of Middlefex ; and a

Minute or Docket thereof (hall be entered and preferved in the Office of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and all fuch Judgments and Verdids (hall be afterwards depofited with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid County of Mid-tUcfcx, to be kept and preferved by him amongft the Records of the Quarter Seffions of the faid County, and (hall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, (hall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatfoever; and all Perfons (hall have Liberty to infped the fame, paying for fuch Infpedion the Sum df One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That upon Payment or Tender Power to enter of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfa&ion, which and tak*

(hall be agreed for, awarded or affeffed as aforefaid, to the Parties

or Perfons refpedively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treafurer Payment or or Treafurers, the faid Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Tender of Pur-Truftees or other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or chafe Money. Collegiate, interefted in fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, (hall from thenceforth be divefted of all Right* Title, Claim,. Intereft and Property therein or thereunto, and the fame (hall thenceforth be veiled in the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, who (hall be deemed in Law to be in the adual Seifin and Poffeffion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes, freed and difcharged from all former and other Eftates,

Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands, and the fame (hall and may be at any time thereafter made ufe of and employed according to the Directions of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, for any of the Purpofes of this Ad, and under the Regulations herein contained.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That the Property of and in all Property of the Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways, and sdfo the Ballad Pavements, fcc. or Gravel to be brought or laid in the faid feveral Streets, Squares, ve.^fd ,n Com" Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paffages and Places, already mi 00im

or hereafter to be fet out or made within the Limits aforefaid, and

S	s 3	of

58*

C.ll£.

56° GEO* Ill-

known or hat Information of any Offence in his Walk, of which Notice hat not been given, and which hat not been proceeded againft.

Notice to he given of Sale of Diftrefs for Town land Fmes.

Provifo for Goods diftrained during Fair or Market*

A.D.H

(hall have made Oath, before the Colle&or of Exdfe or other 01 in charge of the Colledion of the Diftrid in which foch Gfl (hall be employed, which Oath every fuch Colkdor or Ofifl hereby authorized to adminifter, that from the time of the bit prri Payment of Sabry to fuch Gauger, fuch Gauger hath not knoe* hath not had or received any Information of any Spirituous Lif having been fold by Retail without Licence in any Houft widrifl Walk of fuch Gauger ; and that he hath not known, or hath all or received any Information agaioft any Pdrfon di&illing. hum felling any Spirits which (hall have been unlawfully made or III in Ireland, or that if fuch Gauger hath known or had lnknm of any fuch Offences, he hath duly communicated the Paiticda fuch his Knowledge or Information to fome one of htsfoperkrl ccrs, and that he hath alfo on his own Part endeavoured or riel-l utmoft Exertions to deted and puni(h the Perfon or Perfooigd or fuppofed to be guilty of any of the Offences afordaid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That whenever -aur ltti (hall be taken or made on the Goods, Chattels or Effe&s of ar| habitants or Inhabitant of any Townbnd, Diftrid, DinfionoriB in Ireland, for or on account of any Fine or Fines, or for anfel or Sums of Money applotted on any fuch Inhabitant or in refped of any Fine or Fines impofed on fuch Townland, D&ifc Divifion or Place, under any Ad or Ads for the-SuppidSoeoflfiei Diftilbtion, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have itkaximk fuch Diftrefs (hall keep the Goods, Chattels and Effe&fedrfiw4 .until Twelve o’Clock at Noon of the Fourth Day nrtfolrcaf tk Day on which fuch Diftrefs (hall be made, before the for In b fold and difpofed of, unlefs fuch Diftrefs (haH be footer triad 'by the Payment of fuch Fine,'or fuch Part thereof forvfairifak Diftrefs (hall have been made; and fuch Perfon or Perfoii{bBrm or caufe to be given public Notice in Writing of thetiofstdiwe of the Sale of Tuch Diftrefs, fpecifying and deferibing in furiKsfo the Goods, Chattels and Effeds fo di(trained and intendedtobeibUg and fuch Notice (hall be pofted ou the Door of the Cburri,Chpi or Meetiog Houfe in and neareft to the Place where fuch DM (hall have been made, Two Days at leaft before the Day of Sale; and the reafonable Expences of keeping and detaining fuch Di'bri, and of giving fuch Notice, (hall be paid out of the Product of tfc Goods, Chattels and Effeds fo diftrained: Provided ahnTt,tkl (hall and may be lawful to fell and difpofe of any fuch Goods,Ch* telsor Effeds fo diftrained, during the time of any Fair or Mark which (hall be holden on any Day on which fuch Diftrefs msyk made, or which may intervene between the Day of fuch DM ad the Expiration of Four Days next afterwards, and although do Nonet of Sale (hall have been given as aforefaid.

* XVII. Arid Whereas it is among other things eiadat bftk 4 faid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefect 4 Reign, that Notice (hall be pofted for the Purpofc of rrpwrd 4 Perfons liable to Grand Jury Cefs in any Townland**Place, Draft 4 or Divifion, to meet to applot any Sum or Sums in which ajfoA 4 Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion (hall hare been fined; i*Jw 4 Ten Days after fuch Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifioa {hi 4 have been fo fined ; and it is expedient that the 'time for pofbog 4 fuch Notice (hould be enlarged;’ Be it:therefore.haded,Th*

AJD.1816

56° GEO. 111.

0198.

831

in or upon Stone* Wood or otherwife, and to be fixed in a confpicuous Part or One or more Houle or Houfes* Building or Buildings* at or near each End* Corner or Entrance of fuch Streets* Squares* Cir-cufies* Ways and Courts* and other public Paflages and Places* the Name by which each refpe&ive Street, Square* Circus* Lane* Way*

Court* Yard* Mews* PafTage and Place* is to be properly called or known* in fuch manner as they (hall judge moft proper for diftinguifh-ing the fame; and if any Perfon mall wilfully break* throw down* Damaging take away* fpoil or damage any Watch Houfe or Watch Box* Lamps Watch Houfe* or any of the Irons* Poftt or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully ex- LaraP*» *c-tingutih the Light of any fuch Lamp* or deface or obliterate any fuch Name or Number* or any Part thereof* every Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* whereof One Moiety fhall go to the Informer* and Penalty, the other Moiety to the Commiffioners a&ing under and by virtue of ibis A &, to be by them applied for the Purpofes thereof; and fuch Offender (hall alfo pay to the faid Commiffioners* or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint to receive the fame, fuch Sum of Money as fhall be a full Satisfa&ion for the Damage fo done ; and in cafe Carelefsly da-any Perfon fhall carelefsly* negligently or accidentally break* throw m*Siut Lamp*, down* or otherwife fpoil or damage any of the faid Lamps* or the &c*

Irons* Pofts or other Furniture thereof* and fhall not, upon Demand* make Satisfa&ion for the Damage done thereto* it fhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlefcx, or the City of WeJtminRer* upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witneffes* or on the Confeffion of the Party* to award fuch Sum of f Money by way of Satisfa&ion for fuch Damage* as fuch Juftice fhall

think reafonable* not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Lamp* Penalty.

Lamp Iron* or Lamp Poft* or in default of Payment thereof* upon Demand* to caufe the fame to he levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Diftrtfr. Goods and Chattels of the Perfon who fhall have done fuch Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any! after dedu&ing the Charges of prosecuting fuch Complaint* and of fuch Diftrefs and Sale* to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed* That the Occupier of every Perfontto Houfe and Tenement now ere&ed or to be ere&ed within the Limits fweep the Poot-of this A&* fhall once in every Day* before the Hour of Ten of wa3f

the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day* fcrape* fweep and cleanfe* a r>a ** or caufe to be fcraped* fwept and cleanfed, the Footway all along onc a ay* and oppofite to the whole Front and Flank Wall* if any* of his* her or their refpe&ive Houfes or Tenements* or in default thereof every fuch Occupier fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Shillings; and if any fuch Houfe or Building be let furnifhed or in Separate Apartments to Inmates* then and m every fuch cafe* the Perfon or Perfons fo letting the fame fhall, for the Purpofe aforefaid* be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners Commiffionm for executing this A& fhall, and they are hereby authorized and may Water empowered* to caufe all or anytof the Streets, Squares* Circuffes* Stiecl1*

Ways* Courts* Paffages and public Places within the Limits of this

A&* to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors for the time being fhall think proper* and for that Purpofe to caufe fuch Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug* funk and made in any of the faid Welk may j>e Streets* Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places, as Jug.

S s 4/	they

cut*.

56® GEO* III.

Penalty.

CoUe&on appointed by Lord Lieutenant empowered to proceed.

Penalties of

aool. how recovered, ice

Lend Lieutenant empowered to moke Appointment made byCommif-fitmers.

CoUedon appointed by Lord Lieutenant to be inftead of the other Colle&ors.

Commifflooert of Ex rife, with Content utf Ire*-fury, may relieve Perfona from Pines on Town-lands,

that PtifpoTe bv the Perfon or Perfaas, or any of them &» mom tad appointed oy the laid Lord Lieutenant or other Chef Go or Governor*, every fuch Treafurer, CoHe&or or other Peril deliver up all fuch Warrants accordingly, upon pain of he the Sum of Two hundred Pound* for each Warrant vrharil Treafurer or Calledor or other Perfon (hall not, on fuch D made, fo deliver up; and every fuch Perfon and Perfon* fo non and appointed to receive and execute the (aid Warrants, fci they are hereby refpedively authorized, empowered and neyal levy all and every the Fine and Fine* which (hall be mr nt ii—d| fuch Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the £m of t e faid Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and A aria and in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the Colled Grand Jury Cefs, or other Perfon to whom fuch Warrants had granted or delivered, were empowered to exercife and nad could have executed the fame, and with all the like Ream cafe of Nonpayment thereof or of any Part thereof as are pidl by Law with refped to any Money to be levied under anrAri tnent of a Grand Jury; and every fuch Fine, Penalty or M Two hundred Pounds (hall and may be recovered by AH Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record m bm or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdidioa (mai d Court is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance or the ii by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for toe fuse; md m & Proceedings no EfToin, Protedion, Wager of Lvov JMeflh One Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and the Money named fcf A Adion or other Proceeding (hall be applied, as to Ae On B thereof, to and for the Ule of the Perfon fuing farthchmtfcX the other Half to and for the Ufe of the Infirmary of the Cm or County of the City or Town, as the cafe may be; and m czS (hall feem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Com or Governor* of Ireland, to revoke or annul any Appodsotri (hall have been made by the faid CommHfionera of Inland Exrifci Taxes of any Perfon or Perfons to colled and levy any iadhfna aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Lord Lieutenant or other C Governor or Governors fo to do, without appointing any other fon or Perfon* for that Purpofe.

XX. And be it further enaded, That every Perfon fotok pointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gc nors of Ireland, for the Colledion of fuch Fines, (ball ftand ii Place and Stead of the Perfons appointed by the (aid CounmA of Inland Excife and Taxes, and (hall have all fuch Powers md tboritie8 as the Perfons fo appointed by the faid Commiffioaers.

XXL And be it further enaded, That from and after the pi of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commi(boners of U Excife and Taxes in Ireland, (by and with the Confent aaddffj brat ion, and under the Diredions of the Commiffiooer* fotaxadi the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland,) upon the Apfhctf of any Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment of Grand Jary 0 in any Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion in Irdmnd, on Fine (hall have been impofed under any Ad or Adt for the Sopp (ion of illicit Difiliation in Ireland* to grant fuch Relief to fucki fon or Perfons again ft the Payment of inch Fine, or any Part then a* to the Commu&onm of Inland Excife and Taxes (hall-feem m

A.D.1816.	56°	GEO,	III.	C.	128.	69S

Breach or Non Performance of fuch Contraft, and all Cofts, Charges and Expence* that (hall be occafioued thereby.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfont For preventing (other than the Perfon or Perfon* con tracing with the faid Com- A(he$ being miffioners for executing this Aft, for cleanfirtg the Street*, Square*, tjkcil*^ay Ways, Court* and other public Palfages and Place* under their Jhe Contr*&ar Direftion, or thofe employed under fuch Contraftor or Contraftors) for clearing.

(hall on any Pretence whatfoever go about to colled or gather, or (hall afic for, receive or carry away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders or Afhes, from any Houfe or other Premifea in any Street, Square, Circus,

Way, Court, or other public Paffage or Place under the Management of fuch Commifiioners, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfon* who (hall fee fuch Offence committed, to feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfon* to aflift in feizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horfes, Cart*, Wheelbarrow* or other Carriage* or Implement* made ufe of for carrying away the fame, and, by the Authority of this Aft, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them before fome Juft ice of the Peace for the faid County of M'tddUfex> or City of Weftmtnfter, and fuch Juftice (hall, and he i* hereby authorized to examine upon Oath the Perfon or Perfdns apprehending fuch Offender or Offenders, and any Witnefs or Witnefles who (hall .appear to give Information touching fuch Offence; and if the Party or Parties (hall be convifted of going about to colled or gather, a(king for, receiving or carrying away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders or A (he*, from any Houfe or other Premifes in any Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road, Highway or other public Paffage or Place under the Management of the faid Commifiioner* for executing this Aft, not being the Perfon or Perfon* fo contrafting with fuch Commifiioner*, or ading under his or their Authority, he, (he or they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and One Moiety penalty, of every fuch Penalty (hall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the laid laft mentioned Commifiioners; and if fuch Offender or if not paid,' Offender* (hall not immediately on Convidion pay the faid Penalty Horfe*, Cttf, or Penalties, fuch Juftice is hereby required to direft fuch Horfes, febed and Carts, Wheelbarrow* or other Carriage* or Implements which (hall 10 * have been fo feized to be appraifed and fold; and after dedufting out of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reafonable Charges and Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, the Overplus thereof (hall be returned to the Party or Parties whole Horfe* or other things (hall be appraifed and fold ; and in cafe there (hall haye been no fuch Seizure as aforefaid, and if no Seizor if the Horfes, and other thing* which (hall be fo appraifed and UIC*or fold, (hall not produce a fufficient Sum of Money to pay the faid	pid,

Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if fuch Offender y ^ or Offenders (hall not immediately upon Conviftion pay the Penalty or Penalties, or fuch Part or Parts of the faid Penalty or Penalties,

Charges and Expences which (hall remain over and above the Produce of the Horfes and other things fo feized and fold, then fuch Juftice is hereby required to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the faid County of Inpriioomcnu MiddUfex* or City of Wejhninjiary there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, unlels fuch Penalty or

Penalties

C.128.

56° GEO. III.

AJ). 1816.

Monies remain* ing in the Hands ofCoUedor,

Diftrete.

Treafurer, kc. refuting, &c. to giro Accounts, tire.

Iraprifonment till Account reodered, kc.

Commiffionen to pare and repair Streets, Sec,

Altering Pavement, Sec. without Content.

appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Way; and if upon the Confeffion pf the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to admimf-ter,) it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which (hall have been collected and raifed by virtue of this A61, (hall be in the Hands of any fuch Treafurer or Colle&or, fuch Juftice it hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrete and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon ; and do fuch Goods or Chattels can be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the Money and the Charges of diftraining and felling the Diftrefs, or if it (hall in* manner aforefaid appear to fuch Juftice, that any fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colle&or had refufed or wilfully negle&ed to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Execution of this A&, (hall be in the Cuftody or Power of any fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colle&or, and he (hall have refufed or negle&ed to deliver up or give Satisfa&kw refpe&ing the fame as aforefaid, then fuch Juftice mall commit him to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize; until fuch Perfon, being Treafurer or Colle&or, (hall make and give a true and perfe& Account and have paid fuch Money as aforefaid, or (hall have compounded for fuch Money with the faid Commiflioners, and have paid fuch Compofition in fuch manner as they (hall appoint, which Compofition the faid Commif-fioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until fuck Perfon, being Treafurer, Clerk or Colle&or, (hall deliver up all fuch Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the fame as aforr* faid ; but no Perfon who (hall be committed on account of hit not having fufficient Goods or Chattels as aforefaid, (hall be detained in Prifon for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months*

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to caufe the feveral Streets, Squares, Circufles, Way8, Courts and other Public Paflages and Places, or fuch Parts thereof as (hall be made and fet out within the Limits of their Jurif-di&ion, under the Provifions of this A&, both in the Carnage and Footwavs to be paved, and fuch Pavements to be from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon fuch Levels, and in fuch manner, and with fuch Sorts and kinds of Materials as they (hall judge neceflary and proper; and alfo to caufe the faid Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, to be deanfed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which (hall be made or fet out, to be fenced or inclofed with Iron or other Rails, in fuch Parts and Places and in fuch manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obftru&ions, Nuifances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourfes, to be made, for conveying the Water from the faid Streets, Squares, Cir* cufles, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper ; and that no Perfon (hall, without the Coufeht of the faid Commiflioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carnage or Footways within any

Part

56° GEO. III.

C. 128.

625

Part of fuch Limits* or make the fame otherwife than as (hall be directed by the faid Commiffioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon Penalty, fo offending (hall alfo pay all the Expences of reftoring fuch Ground or Pavement to its former State.

*	* XII. And Whereas feveral Perfons have already paved, or may € hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, PafTages and

*	Places, within the Limits of this Ad, for which it is reafonable € forae Allowance fhould be made Be it therefore further enaded,

That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby Commiflioners authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arife under t0 and by virtue of this A A, to make and pay to fuch Perfons, as to *^(009 umw the faid Commiffioners (hall appear to be entitled thereto, fuch Pay- have paved at ments or Allowances for or in refped of fuch Pavement made and their own Ea-done, or which fhall hereafter be made and done by them as aforefaid, pence, as to the faid Commiffipners fhall appear fair and reafonable.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners Commiflioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchafe the may purchafe Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets Material* of old may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares,	^

Ways, Courts, PafTages or other Places under the Jurifdidion of any Ground for Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees before the paffing getting Mate-of this Ad, which (hall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered rials, and for under the Proviflons of this Ad; or fuch Parts thereof as fhall be JwMmi Waich within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the Commiffioners under this Ad, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Polls and other Materials belonging to any fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, within fuch Limits, and alfo to make Compenfation to &ny fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, for any

Courts, PafTages or Places, being put or placed under the Commiffioners for carrying this Ad into Execution ; and alfo to purchafe, take or hire any Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purpofes of-digging Gravel for the better paving fuch Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts and other public PafTages and Places as aforefaid, and for the Purpofes of depofiting Materials thereon, for or on account of fuch Paving, or for the Purpofe of ereding a Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes thereon, or to rent any Building to be made ufe of as or for any other of the Purpofes of this Ad, as fhall appear to them to be necefTary, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for fuch time, as to them fhall appear reafonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, fhall be re-fpedively paid out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Ad; and alfo to ered any Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purpofes of this Ad, in fuch Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewife to buy or hire fuch * Horfes, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be necefTary for the Purpofe of carting fuch Gravel, or for cleanfing or watering fuch Streets, Squares, CircufTes, Ways, Courts, Pafiages and Places as aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe direded by this Ad ; and alfo to hire fuch Perfons, buy fuch Materials and make fuch Regulations for the better Execution of any fuch Purpofes, as they the faid Com-miffioners for executing this Ad fhall in their Difcretion tl* 1

56 Geo. III.

S s

50° GEO.IIL

§«■

Regulations in recited Aft with rsfped to foreign VeffeU carrying Paflen ftrt made applicable to BritHh Veflels carrying Paflengera from Ais Kingdom to the United

Agreement dated June x5, 18x6, for the Purchafe of the Mapors of Efher and Milbourne end the Manfton Houfie called Claremont, &c. for 66yOool.

C# 114,115.

A3

4 that it JhaH not be lawful for any Matter or other Perfooti

*	hating the Charge or Command of any Ship or VefW* oil 4 a Brit'ijh Ship or Veffel clearing out from any Port or I 4 the United Kingdom, to have or take on board a greater] 4 of Pferfona* including the Crew, than in the Proportioe 4 Perfon for etery Fite Tone of the Burthen of fmch Stupor 4 And Whereas it is expedient to extend fitch Provifioo of 1 4 Ad* and alfo all oilier Regulations contained therein rk

*	the Conveyance of Pafiebgers in Foreign VeffeU, to Brfy] 4 conveying Paffengers from the United Kingdom of Gntil 4 and Ireland to the United States of America* in hen sod id 4 the Regulations now by Law eftabliflted i* Be it therefore< by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with tie Adi Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, andConnou, prefent Parliament, and by the Authority of the fam, That k after the paffing of this Aft, all the Regulation!, Reftnfoq ligations and Penalties, in the faid recited Aft contained ad ji with refpeft to Foreign Ships or Veflels canyisg Pafleagcr^flj other, fhall be and the fame are hereby made applicable ml Shins or Veflels carrying Paffengers from Great Britmwik to toe United States of America, as fully and effednfiflodhl and Purpofea whatsoever, as if the fame were fetenfyaiipjM repeated and reenafted in the Body of this A&jaydif hi find seated Aft or any other Aft or Afts of Paiimattttkfl trary notwithftanding.

CAP. CXV.

An Aft: for ratifying the Purchafe of the Clarmetlb&i for fettling the lame as a ReGdence for Her Roji/fi nefs the Princefs Charlotte Augufta and His Serene Bgl* Leopold George Frederick Prince of Coburg of SaM

[iftWjiU

WHEREAS for the providing afuhsble Refidesct far Royal Highnefs the Princefs Charlotte Aoph al Serene Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prises of Cdm Saalfeld* upon their cite aufpicious Marriage* Arbdw d 1 ment, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June iathbpnfc One thoufand eight hundred and fixteco, have Wen ai entered into between Charlet Ro/e RUu of Cleremoatn tie* of Surry, Efquire, of the Firft Part; the RUU H« William HuJJtiJon, William Dacret Adam* and Hmj D* Efquires, Commiflionera of His Majcffcy’s Woods, Fcri Land Revenues (for and on behalf of His Majefty) of tkJ Part; and The King's Moft Excellent Majefty of the TWj in Subftance or to the Effeft following; (that is to fyj * LUmrles Ro/e Ellis for himfelf, his Heirs, Executor* w A* ftrators, for and in conftderation of the Sum of Sixty fa ^ Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to be ptid w “ the times andm the Proportions thereinafter meBBowd, h* ® promifed and agreed to and with The King*! Moft Exceheo Mi ms Heirs and Succeflors, to fell and dfafpofe *»d the Cw nriflloners Parties thereto, for and on behalf rf The Kfaf* Excellent Majefty, have thereby agreed

*10	I

A/D. 1816*

56° GEO. lit

617

C. 126,127.

« felvesBe it therefore enaded and declared, by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, in every Notice dxreded by the faid recited Ad to be given by any Prifoner to his or her Creditor or Creditors, fuch Prifoner (hall declare that he or (he is ready and willing to be fully examined touching the Juftice of his or her Con-dud to his or her Creditor or Creditors, and that the Court or Judge to whom any Prifoner (hall apply under the faid recited Ad or any Ad for amending the fame to be difeharged under the Pro* vifions of the faid Ads, (hall examine each and every fuch Prifoner touching the Juftice of the Condud of fuch Prifoner towards his or her Creditor or Creditors; and if it (hall appear to the faid Court or Judge upon the Examination of any Prifoner, or otherwife, that fuch Prifoner has aded with grofs Injuftice towards his or her Creditor or Creditors, either in contrading any Debts, or entering into any Engagements, without any fair Profped or probable Means of paying fuch Debts, or fulfilling fuch Engagements, or by fquander-mg or otherwife unjuftly difpoung of his or her Monies, Eneds or other Property, which he or (he might have applied in paying fuch Debts or fulfilling fuch Engagements, either wholly or in Part, fuch Prifoner (hall not be entitled to his or her Difcharge by virtue of the faid recited Ad, or of any Ad for amending tne fame, unlefs the whole of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner (hall confent to his or her Difcharge, or fuch Prifoner (hall have been confined within the Walls of any Prifon for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the time when fuch Prifoner (hall have applied for his or her Difcharge.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to alter or repeal any of the Powers or Pro* vifions of the faid recited Ad, or of any Ad to amend the fame, further than any of the Powers or Provifions in the faid Ad or Ads are hereby exprefsly repealed or altered refpedively.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Ad to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great

Britain of Small Coals of ascertain Defcription.

[iA July 1816.]

<	TT7 HE REAS it would tend to encourage the Employment of

*	W Britijb Shipping and Briti/b Mariners, if Coals which had

<	been fereened through a Riddle or Screen, the Me(hes of which

*	were of fmall Dimenfions, were allowed to be exported from

*	Great Britain to Foreign Parts, fubjed only to the Duties payable on the Exportation of Culm from Great Britain Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice ana Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,. and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alTembled,* and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One tnoufand eight hundred and fix teen, die feveral Duties of Cul-toms payable by Law upon the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, of Coals the Pieces whereof (hall be of a Size capable of paffing through a Riddle or Screen the Bars ,of which (hall not

in

Prifoner to (ire Notice that he i« willing to be examined touching the Juftice of hit Condud.

In cafe Prifoner has aded with grofs Injuftice, &c. not entitled to his Difcharge, unleCi the whole of the Creditors confent.

Provifo for former Adi.

In lieu of the Duties repealed, the like Duties as are payable on Culm to be ptid on Export-

C.11&

5fc° GEO. III.

m

‘ Houfe, and all tbofe Plantations and other Lands thereto Wo

*	containing by Eftimation One hundred and thirty two Ac 4 thereabouts, and all the Timber and other Trees growing or

*	thereon ; and all that Spring of Water riling in the lad men

*	Grounds, and all the Conduits, Aquedufts, Pipes and Rd

*	ufed for conveying or conducting the Water srifing fa

*	Spring to the Manfion Houfe called Claremont) for the J

*	thereof, and the Offices and Grounds thereto belonging;*

*	all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the HivbjuU, m 4 by Eftimation Three Acres Three Roods and Five Perches,!

<	near the faid Park ; and alfo all fuch Pew or Pews, or Fi 4 Parts of a Pew or Pews, in the Parifh Church of Efier,x\

to the faid Charles Rofe Ellis ; aud all Waters, Fifemgi, 1

*	Roads, Paths, Eafements, Rights, Members, Piirikgnad 4 purtenances whatsoever, to the faid Manors, Manfioo Hock

*	other Houfes and Premifes, or any of them belonging or in q 4 appertaining: And the faid Commiflioners, Parties tbentyh

*	(aid Articles of Agreement have, for and on the behalf*

*	Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, covenanted, promifedudifl 4 to and with the faid Charles Rofe Ellis, his Hein, bed

*	Adminiftrators and Affigns, to pay the faid Sum of Sixty fa! land Pounds, the Purchafe Money for the faid ?rmk, istkl

4 portions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; ftk a a % 4 the Sum of Twelve thoufand Pounds, Part thereoftheDdfl

*	of the Pofleffion of the faid Premifes, or on the 'ftkfattkii

*	approved of by the Counfel of the Purchasers, wtakw W

*	firft happen, and the Refidue thereof to be paid by fwq

*	annual Payments, the Firft of fuch Payments to be safe

*	Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred audfcma .* the Second, on the Thirty firft Day of May One tbfadq 4 hundred and eighteen, the Third, on the Thirty firft Dtyof JM 4 One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and thefortka

*	laft, on the Thirty firft Day of May One thoufand dgfcM f and twenty, together with lawful Intereft for the Dune, ortk 4 ftalments from time to time remaining unpaid from tie Dtt 4 the faid Articles of Agreement, fuch Intereft to be paid on

<	on the fame Days as the Inftalments of the Principal: Audits

*	the faid Articles of Agreement, amongft other things, fa 4 provided and agreed that the faid Charles Rofe Mu fhould *i 4 One Month from the Date thereof make out and deliver to the! y Commiffioners, Parties thereto, a complete Abftrad of and ■ 4 out a good Title to the faid Manors, Hereditaments sod Pr&H

*	and to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all J

*	cumbrances, fave fuch as are therein and hereinafter mo** 4 and that he and they and all other neccflary Parties fadf * « would, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December b 4 fuch good and fufficient Conveyances, Surrenders and Afaace 4 as Counfel fhall advife, convey and allure the faid

*	fioo Houfe, and all and fiugujar other the Houfes, Landt, Ha 4 dxtaments and Premifes fo contracted to be fold aa aforefaid, witbd

*	Appurtenances, to the Ufe of the faid Charles Rofe Mu* or of fas

*	Ferfoii or Perfons to be named by him or them, and his and ti> ‘ Executors, Adminiftrators and AJfigns, for a Term of Fire bumin

*	* ears, for fecuring the Payment ot the faid Purchafe Money, or

*	much thereof as. fhould remain unpaid at the timeof the Executw

.	‘4

A.ai»ie-	scream,	am*	«id

or the Perfon who in his behalf Signed the Certificate hertby required to be delivered to the Collector of tl* Cuftoms at the time Qf the Entry of any fuch Coala, and the Perfon entering or (hipping any fuch Coals, (hall be fubjeft and liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds Penalty, for every Chaldron, Newcaftle Meafure, of fuch Coals fo improperly entered or (hipped.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the proper Officer or Qffi- Officer to attend; Qtrs of the Cuftoms at the Port where any Coals (hall be eaieied fer*enui§of for Exportation to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty aa Culm, Lo2li fo (hall, whenever and as often as it conveniently can be done, attend

at the fcreening of any Coals fo entered i and in any cafe when he If unable to at-

or they have not been able fo to attend* the Owner or Proprietor or	h* way

the Shipper of fuch Coals fhalL whenever required by any hich OflU	***•

cer, caul© any fuch Coah to be refcrecned in die Prefence of fuch

Officer or Officers; and if it (hall appear that fuch Coals or any

Fart thereof are not of the Dimenfions required by this Aft, or

have not patted through the Screen defcribed and dtrefted by this

Aft to be ufed, the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Coab, and the

Ferfon who may have figned the Certificate required by this Aft to

be delivered to the Coneftor of the Cuftoms, flipll be ftbjeft and

liable to. the Penalties direfted by this Aft.	Psnakiej.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Duties by this Aft im- Duties bow pofed (hall be managed, ascertained, raifed, levied* collected, paid and levied, recovered, m fuch and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms, of

a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raifed, levied, Qpllfcfted, paid and recovered, and under and fubjeft to the foveraj powers. Conditions, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for Securing the Revenue of Cuftpms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and1 Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this Aft, made for fequring the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the ftvendi Claufes, Powers and Directions therein contained, Shall be in foil* Force and Effeft as to the faid Duties, as fuHy aqdeffeftually to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if they were at large repeated* and reenafted in this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That all' Mpnies from time to. Application of time arittng from the faid Duties (the nepeflary Charges of railing Duties.

and accounting for the fame refpeftively excepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Maiefty’s Exchequer at WcJtminjUr* and (hall be appropriated and applied in. the fame map* ner as the Duties on Culm exported from Great Britain ar£ direfttd to be appropriated and applied.

CAP.

594

66° GBO. III.

Ml

Ciii

1133-

Agreement

confirmed.

The Claremont Eftite vefted in CommifTtooers of Wood* and For efts in Truft for the Princeft and the Princes.

Pnroifiom for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for n Doubts refieBing the Right of Perfons claiming to vote at I for Knights of the Shirey and other Members to ferve it Pal In reJheS of Meffuagesy Lands or TenementSy the Load Ti ovhicbJhall have been redeemed or fur chafed; the Surveyor! of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the time bean powered to contraft for the Sale from time to time, of fad much of the Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenement* ! Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grooak Madkes, Wafte Lands or other Hereditaments beloagag Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer! land, as would raife a Sum fufficient for the Redemptioa Land Tax charged on the Land Revenues of or betaking Crown: And Wtkreas under the Authority of the fad rtdtt certain Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown haw ba in order to raife Money for the Redemption of the Laf charged on the Crown Eftates, and the Monies which be therefrom have been invefted in the Purchafe of Tkw ftd Cent. Confolidated Bank Annuities, of which Annalist Parts are now Handing in the Names of the Coodfafl His Majefty'a Treafury, in the Books of the Govern* d! paay of the Bank of England; and fuch Annuities craft able Parts thereof, are not immediately wanted fcrdrity of the faid recited Jk&s of the Thirty eighth ad fty" Years of the Reign of His prefent MQeftyjadsflM carry into Effeft the Provifions of this A&wftatttlft venience as poffible, and to have a Fund ready fork tip of the feveral Inftalments of the faid Purchafe Mosey a t {hall refpe&ively become due, it is expedient that tbs Coad ers of His Majefty’s Treafury (hould be authorised ad powered to fell a competent Part of the faid Bank Aa«wj time to time, in order to raife the Monies which vibe iep to pay the [faid InHalments as they {hall become pijifc* apply the Monies fo to be raifed in the Payment tbtdtt ingly; and that the Commiffioners for the time briny of jetty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, (hould be m and empowered to fell and difpofe of certain Parti of the! Hons and Land Revenues of the Crown, and apply the I anting from fuch Sales in making good and replacing tk Annuities which {hall have been fo fold, or in purdu% Pounds fir Cent• Reduced Bank Annuities in ueu thereof it therefore ena&ed by The King's Mod Excellent MajdM with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual m fbf and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblei, mdbjtkj thority of the tiune, That the faid hereinbefore in Put irddl tides of Agreement, bearing Date on the faid Fifteenth D*y in this prelent Year One thousand eight hundred and fixw* » and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed, and effe&ual to all Intent! and Purpofes whatfoever.	J

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That at the time awfbfl faid Articles of Agreement for the conveying the faid 89 Premifes, the faid Charles Rofe Ellis (hall by proper Cow and A durances in the Law convey the fame, and the 9 thereto belonging, to tbe Ufe of him the faid Cbarlet RsftM Executors, Admmiftrators or Affigns, or of fqpe Perioa or ti

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

621

A-D.1816.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Power to appoint laid Lord High Treafurer or the Commidioners of the Treafury for •<WjJioDal Lona“ the time being, and the laid Commidioners of His Majedy’a Woods, m onen* Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, or any Three or

more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Ad, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to eled and appoint any other Perfon or Perfona to be a Commidioner or Commidioners for carrying this Ad into Execution ; and every Perfon or Perfons who (hall be fo elected and appointed, is and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as if he or they had been named in this prefent Ad, and had been hereby appointed a Commidioner or Commidioners for carrying this Ad into Execution.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Perfon Qualificition of who (hall be fo eleded and appointed, (hall be capable of a&ing as a Commiffiootrs. Commidioner in the Execution of this Ad, unlels he (hall be in his

own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the adual Poffeffion or Re* ceipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or poffeffed of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of Two thoufand Pounds.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That if any Perfon Commiffionei* hereafter to be eleded a Commidioner for the Purpofes of this Ad,

not being fo qualified, (hall prefume to ad in the Execution of this	*

Ad, or being fo qualified (hall, during fuch time as he (hall hold any cerned in any Place or Office of Profit, or be any way interefted or concerned in Contnft under any Contrad to be made by virtue of this Ad, or any Work or Ad.

Bufinefs to be done under the fame, prefume to ad as a Commidioner in the Execution of this Ad, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Cofls Penalty, of Suit, to any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame, in any of His Majedy’s Courts of Record, by Adion of Debt or on the cafe or otherwife; and the Perfon fo fued lhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or that he did not hold any fuch Place or Office of Profit, or was not interefled or concerned m any fuch Contrad, Work or Bufinefs as aforefaid (as the cafe may happen), or otherwife, (hall pay the faid Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that fuch Perfon had aded as a Commidioner in the Execution of this Ad, or whilfl holding any fuch Place or Office, or being intended or concerned in any fuch Contrad, Work or Bufinefs as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commidioners (hall Meeting of meet at fuch time and Place as any Three or more of them (hall Commiffioners. appoint, by Notice to be dgned by them, and affixed on the Church

Doors of the Pari(hes of Saint Jama in the Liberty of Wejhmnfiert Saint Mary le bone, Saint Martin tn the Fields and Saint George Hanover Square^ at lead Eight Days before fuch Meeting, in order to put this Ad in Execution; and (hall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themfelves to any Place within or near the Limits of this Ad; and if at any time there (hall not appear at any fuch Meeting a fufficient Number of the faid Commidioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Ad to ad in the Execution of the fame, any One of the faid Commidioners prefent may adjourn the Meeting to another Day; and in cafe of any Negled or Adjournment. Omiffion to adjourn, any Three of the (aid Commidioners or their Clerk, (ball ana may call a Meeting at the Place where the lad Meet*

ing

C.115.

56° GEO. m.

ADJf

and alfo in oCe of the Princefs furtiring and coming to the Crown; Eftate to become Crown Property.

Commiilioners of the Treafury to fell out fo much Stock as fhall be necef-fkrj to pay the Inftalmema aa they become due.

Treafury may fell and transfer the Stock by Power of Attorney.

Commifliopers of Woods and JForefts may fell Crown Lands to raife Money to replace the 6teck Jold.

the Fixtures thereto belonging, fhall become Fart of the La venues of the Crown, and be fettled and adminiftered to tfc Ufes and in the fame manner as fuch Land Revenues nova after may be fettled and adminiftered.

V.	Provided alfb, and be it further enaded, That if Htr Highnefs the Princeft Charlotte Augvjla (hall (arrive Hil I Highnefs Leopold George Frederick Prince of CoUurydk and after the Deceafe of His Serene Highnefs faceted todrfl of the United Kingdom, then and in fuch cafe and immedfffcj fuch Acceffion of Her Royal Highnefs to the Crown of del Kingdom, the faid Manors, Manfion Houle, Eftate ad Si aments, and the Fixtures thereto belonging, (hall becooe H| the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be fettled and adaaj to the fame Ufes, and in the fame manner as fach Laad Rofl now are or hereafter may be fettled and adminiftered. i

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and mif for the Commiilioners of the Treafury for the time beo$ Three or more of them, and he and they is and ire herebyi * and required from time to time, aa the Inftalmentsof the chafe Money and the Intereft thereon (hall refpeffifeff faffrf to felL and difpofe of fo much of the Three per Cent* Caitk Annuities, Handing in the Names of the CommiffioKnofBvl jetty's Treafury, in the Books of the Governor and Oaptyii Bank of England, which have been purebafed

under the Provifions of the faid recited Ads o/tk TWtrajriti and Forty fecond Years of His Majefty’s Reign, a ilk MW to pay and difeharge fuch refpe&ive Inftalments i Ae Miff chafe Money as they (hall refpe&ively become due, sad tkbMR^ then payable to the faid Charles Ro/e Ellis, his Hein or Ain and by and with the Produce of the Sale of foch Bid Amm to pay and difeharge fuch Inftalments of the laid PatWelW accordingly, and the Intereft then payable to the id CMr ^ Ellisf his Heirs or Aligns.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the (aid Tmm fer Cent• Confolidated Bank Annuities hereby antAorued idj quired to be fold and difpofed of for the Purpofes aforefdd, bfl (aid Commiilioners of the Treafury, (kail and may be WIV ferred and difpofed of by any Perfon or Perfons to be ippoiffi them, or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attoncy,fl| their Hands and Seals attefted by Two or more credible WtfidM

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may bek ful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Wood?, Fordbl Land Revenues for the time being, or any Two of them, adt or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and empowered tiff trad and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Boh*A or Corporate, for the Sale of, and abfolutdy to makeSkd or fo many or fo much of the Manors, Lardftiips, Meflqftl'1 Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marfhes or Wafte Lands or other Her aments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the 0 within the Survey of the Exchequer in England (w the be! P or Confi deration3 in Money which the (am Commiffiooers of Majefty'g Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues (hall, wdfl Diredion and with the Approbation of the Lord High Tmli or Commiilioners of the Treafury foi* the time being, or ujT

56° GEO. III.

C.12S,

ess

furer, Clerk and Surveyor, and alfo a Collector of the Rates or Af-iedmenU to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and fuch other Officers and Persons as they fhall think necefiary, and may remove any fnch Officers or other Perfons as they (hall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and pay fuch Salaries and make fuch Allowances to all fuch Officers or Perfons as they the faid Commiffioners fhall think reafonable; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to take Security from every fuch Treafurer or Colle&or as they ftiall think proper.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That every fuch Treafurer and Trtifuwrand Collector fhall, under their refpeCtive Hands (at fuch time or times, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall dire&l deliver accoun to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as tney fhall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all fuch matters and things as may be committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which fliall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Pur-pofes of this ACt, and how much thereof hath been paid and dif-burfed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and all fuch Collectors fhall pay all fuch Money as fhall remain in their refpeCtive Hands; and if any fuch Collector Unduly keeping as aforefaid fhall at any time or times hold or keep in his own Hands Money in Hand, for the Space of Three Days together, anv larger Sum of Money to be received by him under this ACt, than the Sum of JFifty Pounds, ha fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Commif-fioners any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the Penalty.

Space of Ten Days next after he fhall be called upon by them or their Treafurer to pay fuch Penalty; and every fuch Collector fhall, when thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, aflembled at any fuch Meeting as aforefaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and Affeffments laid by virtue of this Act, which fhaE be in- arrear and unpaid, and the Names of the Perfons by whom the fame ought to be paid, with the Sums by them refpeCtively owing, and the time when the fame became due; and every fuch Treafurer and Collector fo accounting fhall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the laid Commiffioners, (which Oath any One of the faidCommiffioners is hereby empowered to adminifter,) verify fuch their re-fpeCbive Accounts; and if any fuch Treafurer or Collector fhall Refcfing to refufh or wilfully negleCt to make and render, or fhall refufe to verify accounL upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Voucher* relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforefaid; or in cafe the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners; or any fuch Treafurer Clerk of Com-nr- Collector, fhall not deliver to the faid Commiffionerr, or to fuch mi®oncrs> Pfcrfou as they fhall’appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing, figned by the faid Com- Uver toCommif miffibners, or- any Two or more of them, and given to or left at the fioners or their Ifefbor ufual Place of Abode of fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Collector, Appointee on all Books, Papers and Writings in their refpeCtive Cuftody or Power, Notice of Four-relating to the Execution of this ACt, or Duplicates thereof refpeCt-	relit,

htlfi or give Satisfaction to the faid Commiffioners refpeCting the jngtoAdor fame, and Complaint fhall be made thereof on the behalf of the faid Duplicates. Cfcmmiifoners, to any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Mid*

Jkfe* at City of Weftminftcr* fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Treasurer, Clerk- or Collfe&br t^be- brought before him, and upon his

'appearing

C.128.

56® GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Monies remain* ing in the Hands ofCoUedoo

Diftrefi.

TrSifurer, ftc. refilling, dec. to pre Accounts, arc.

fraprifooment till Account rendered, ftc.

Commiffioners to pare and repair Streets, Sec.

Altering Pavement, Sec. without Content.

appearing or not being to be founds to hear and determine the matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Way; and if upon the Confeffioa of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefa upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juft ice is hereby empowered to adzninif-ter,) it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which (hall have been collected and raifed by virtue of this A£k, (hall be b the Hands of any fuch Treafurer or Colle&or, fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required upon Non Payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrets and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon; and if no fud Goods or Chattels can be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the Money and the Charges of diftraining and felling the Diftrefs, or it it (hall in 'manner aforefaid appear to fuch Juftice, that any fad Treafurer, Clerk or Collector had refufed or wilfully negleded to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papen or Writings relating to the Execution of this A&» (hall be in the Cuftody or Power of any fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Colle&or, and he (hall have refufed or negle&ed to deliver up or give Satisfaction refpe&ing the fame as aforefaid, then fuch Juftice mall commit him to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise* until fuch Perfon, being Treafurer or Cot ledor, (hall make and give a true and periled Account and have pad fuch Money as aforefaid, or (hall have compounded for fucb Money with the faid Commiflioners, and have paid fuch Competition in fud manner as they (hall appoint, which Compofition the faid Commif-fioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until fud Perfon, being Treafurer, Clerk or Colledor, (hall deliver up all fnd Books, Papers and Writings, or Duplicates of the (ame as aforefaid ; but no Perfon who (hall be committed on account of his not having fufficient Goods or Chattels as aforefaid, (hall be detained in Prifon for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for the (kid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to caufe the feveral Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other Public Paflages and Places, or fucb Part* thereof as (hall be made and fet out within the Limits of their Jurif-didion, under the Proviiions of this Ad, both in the Carriage and Footways to be paved, and fuch Pavements to be from time to time amended and kept in good Repair, upon fuch Levels, and in fucb manner, and with (juch Sorts and kinds of Materials as they (hall judge neceflary and proper; and alfo to caufe the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, to be deanfed, lighted, watched and watered, and the Sides thereof or other Places, which (hall be made or fet out, to be fenced or inclofed with Iron or other Rails, in fuch Parts and Places and in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper; and all Encroachments, Obftru&ions, Nuifances and Annoyances therein, to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters or Watercourfes, to be made, for conveying the Water from the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, in fucb manner as they (hall think proper ; and that no Perfon (hall, without the Confent of the faid Commiffioners, alter the Form, or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage or Footways within any

Part

A.D. 1816.	56° GEO. III.	C. 128.

Part of fuch Limits, or make the fame otherwife than as (hall be direded by the faid Commiffioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence, and fuch Perfon fo offending (hail alfo pay all the Expences of reftoring fuch Ground or Pavement to its former State.

4 XII. And Whereas feveral Perfons have already paved, or may € hereafter at their own Expence pave certain Squares, Paffagcs and 1 Places, within the Limits of this Ad, for which it is reasonable € fome “Allowance fhould be made ;* Be it therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arife under and by virtue of this Ad, to make and pay to fuch Perfons, as to the faid Commiffioners (hall appear to be entitled thereto, fuch Payments or Allowances for or in refped of fuch Pavement made and done, or which (hall hereafter be made and done by them as aforefaid, as to the faid Commiffipners (hall appear fair and reafonable.

XIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchafe the Pavements and Footways, or the Materials of which the old Streets may have been paved or made, in all or any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Courts, PafTages or other Places under the Jurifdidion of any Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees before the paffing of this Ad, which (hall be taken, blocked up, widened or altered under the Provffions of this Ad; or fuch Parts thereof as (hall be within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the Commiffioners under this Ad, and all Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Polls and other Materials belonging to any fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, within fuch Limits, and alfo to make Compenfation to hny fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, for any Lofs or Damage which they or their refpedive Parifhes may fuftaia by reafon of any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, PafTages or Places, being put or placed under the Commiffioners for carrying this Ad into Execution ; and alfo to purchafe, take or hire anv Piece or Pieces of Ground, for the Purpofes of digging Gravel tor the better paving fuch Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public PafTages and Places as aforefaid, and for the Purpofes of depofiting Materials thereon, for or on account of fuch Paving, or for the Purpofe of ereding a Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes thereon, or to rent any Building to be made ufe of as or for any other of the Purpofes of this Ad, as (hall appear to them to be neceflary, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, and for fuch time, as to them (hall appear reafonable, which Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, (hall be re-fpedively paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Ad; and alfo to ered any Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes, and any Number of Watch Boxes, for the Purpofes of this Ad, in fuch Place or Places as they may think proper, and likewife to buy or hire fuch % Horfes, Carts, Teams or Carriages, as may be neceflary for the Purpofe of carting fuch Gravel, or for cleaofing or watering fuch Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places as aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe direded by this Ad ; and alfo to hire fuch Perfons, buy fuch Materials and make fuch Regulations for the better Execution of any fuch Purpofes, as they the faid Com-miffloners for executing this Ad (hall in their Difcretion think proper. 56 Geo. III.	Ss	XIV. And

625

Penalty.

Commiffioners to make Allowances to fuch Perfons as may have paved at their own Ea-pence.

Commiffioners may purchafe Materials of old Streets, See. or purchafe or hire Ground for getting Materials, and for building Watch Houfes, *«.

<626

Damages to be ifleffcd, in cafe of Dihgree-meats, by a

Jury.

Sheriff, && empowered to ad-minifter Oaths.

Witoefles «-aminedon Oath.

C.128.	56°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1816.

XIV.	And be it further eoafted, That if any Commiffiooen of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Pavement, Raila, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft are hereby empowered to purchafe, take and ufe for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall negleft or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence or Difability (hall be prevented from treating with the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft, or their Agents, for the Sale and Difpofal thereof; or if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, cannot be found or knows, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes fo to be purchafed, or to the Intereft, he, (he or they (hall refpe&vdy claim therein, to the Sadsfaftion of the faid Commiflioners, or if the Perfons entitled to be compensated for any fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, (hall not agree with the Commiflioners for executing that Aft in regard thereto, then and in every or any fuch cafe, the Sherif of the faid County of Middlefex, or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of lVcJhxi*fterf or his Deputy, as the cafe may be; or in cafe nich Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or his Deputy, (hall be anyways interefted in the Matter n queftion, then fome of the Coroners of the faid County, not interefted therein, (hall, upon the Warrant of the faid Commiffionm for executing this Aft, to be iffued in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and ne and they is and are hereby required and authorized to caufe it to be inquired into and afeertatned, upon the Oaths of i Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of	or

City and Liberty of Wejtminfler, (which Oaths the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter,) what Recompeuce and Satif-faftion ought to be made to fuch Commiflioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, 'Truftees, Owners, Occupiers or other Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, or for the Value of fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pofts or other Materials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the refoeftive Eftates and Interefts of every Perlon or Perfons feifed or pofleffed thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and (hall affefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Commiflioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees or other Perfon or Perfons refpeftivdjr for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, for the Purchafe of their * refpeftive Rights, Eftates and Interefts therein; and in order thereto, the laid Sheriff Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time te time, as occaiion (hall require, to fummon and call before the find Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, who (hall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffet, touching or concerning the Premifei (which Oath the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) ; and fuch Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpeftivdy, (hall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Materials or Places u queftion, if there be occaiion, and ufe all other lawful ways aad •	5*	means,

56° GEO. III.

627

C. 12$.

means, as wdl for his *and their own as for the faid Jury’s better Information in the Premifes, as the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, lhall think fit ; and after the faid Jury /hail have inquired of, afeertained and fettled fuch Recom-pence and Satisfaftion, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, (hall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, to the faid Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners or Occupiers of, or oilier Perfons in-terefled therein, according to fuch Verdift or Inquifition of the faid Jury, which faid Verdift or Inquifition and Order, fo had and made, (hall be final, binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purposes, upon and againft all Parties and Perfons whomfoever; and for the lummoning and returning of fuch Jury or Juries, the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, to funpmon, impannel and return, at fome convenient Place in the faid County of Middlefex, or City of Weflminfteri as the cafe may be, a Jury of not lefs than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honed and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Iffues in His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjlcr, to appear before the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, at fuch time and Place as in fuch Warrant (hall be appointed, and Fourteen Days* Notice at the leaft in Writing, under the Hands of the faid Com-miffioners for executing this Aft, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the time and Place at which fuch Jury fo required to be returned are to meet, (hall be given to fuch Com-miffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in the Premifes, before the time of the Meeting of the faid Jury, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at the Dwelling Houfe of the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen or Truftees, or of the Head Officer of fuch Body or Bcyiies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes rcfpeftively intended to he valued; and the faid Sheriff, Under Sheri ff. High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to impannel, fummon and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly ; and out of the Perfons fo impannelled, fummoned and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, (hall fwear or caufe to be fwom Twelve, who (hall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and in default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, (hall return other hone ft and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be fpeedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as laft aforefaid) to the Number of Twelve ; and it (hall be lawful for all Perfons concerned, by themfelves, their Counfel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpeftively; and fuch Perfons (haU alfo have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fwom, but mall not challenge the Array.

SherTF to order Sum afleflVd by Jury to be paid.

Return of Jury.

Notice of Meeting of Jury to Commiflioners of Pavement,

&c.

Jury fwom.

Parties may at-tend by them-felves and Agents.

S s 2

XV. And

C. 119, ISO.

56° GEO. III.

AJ

Orders nude by way Judge in re-Imoii to Trtnf* portadoo of Offenders tried by Courts Martial to he obeyed by aD Perfons concerned.

Clerks of Affixes Sec. dull yearly tranfmit to Chief Secretary Accounts of the Number of Per-fons committed, dHtinguilhing the Offences, See. according to Sehe-annazed.

*	Whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the Prorifia

*	(hid Aft in relation to the Tnjsfportation of Perfons f

*	to Tranfportation by Courts Martial, or of Perfo&s fait

*	Death by Courts Martial, to whom His Majefty (kj gi

« extend his Mercy upon Condition of TranfportsbOQ ;* Be fore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty) by a the Advice and Confent of the .Lords Spiritual and Ti and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflemhlrd, mi Authority of the fame, That every Order made by any to The King’s Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Eichepe Degree of the Coif, under any Aft or Afts of Parlamoti at the time of making any fuen Order in relation to the Tn ation of Offenders, for the Tranfportation of any Offender fe to Tranfportation by any Court Martial, or being Kable to the! meet of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, to A Majefty (hall have been gracioufly pleafed to extend or i gracioufly pleafed to extend his Mercy, upon Condition d\ portation, and every Aft confequent upon any fab Order, h obeyed and done by the Perfon in whofe Cuftody fad Oifefa at the time be, and all other Perfons whom it nuy cnacen, (hall be as effeftual and have all the fame Coofajuencrsa Order made or Aft done under the Authority of any Ad or, of Parliament in force at the time in relation to dr TndporU of Offenders with refpeft to any Offender in anyUAfford of Parliament mentioned ; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Karpor, Go* nor or Superintendant whom it may concern, ani d Cobb or other Perfons, (hall obey every fucb Order, andbeABaw Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame PaniftaentfaWdi ence or interrupting the Execution of the fame, si they woaln) the fame had been made under the Authority of m foctAi Afts of Parliament in force at the time in relation to ation of Offenders; any thing in the faid recited A ft oftfeSd of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.	1

CAP. CXX.

An Aft to procure Annual Returns of Perfons commit tried and convifted for Criminal Offences and Mifdaaai in Inland.	[ift	JWj	ill

*	TK7HEREAS it is expedient that regular Reims W

*	VV made of the Commitments of Perfons charred with I

*	minal Offences in Inland, an# the fubfequent Proceeding tlwtt Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent and with the Advice and Confent of the Loidi Spiritual id T< poral, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament ifcmM WI the Authority of the fame. That the (everal Clerks of A** Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Seffions of Oyer udTff*® and Gaol Delivery, Clerks of the Peace and Town CJri* ® ^ landf (hall, within the Firft Fourteen Days of the Hulkj January in each Year, return and tranfmit to the Chief Scatarf i the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor ffr Gowrsan of land for the'time being, at the Office of fnch Chief Secretary Dublin CqftUf Accounts of -the Number of Perfons, M»k * Female, committed to the foveral Gaols in Irdmi for Trial *

to

£6' GEO. III.

C. 120.

60S

gc&hargtdat the federal Affizes, Seffions of Oyer and Ter-r ftd Gaol Delivery, General Seffions, Quarter Seffions and gtfons at which they refpe&ively ad as fuch Clerks as afore*

£ch fhall hare been holden within the preceding Year; diftin-if particularly the Crimes with which all fuch Perfons were

J charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which them as were indided were refpedively indided, and the i of which fuch of them as were convided were refpedively led; and diftinguifhing under each Head of Offence the Num-xxnri&ed, acquitted, difeharged by reafon of no Bill being agamft them and difeharged by reafon of no Profecution, ana rotmees of fuch as were convided, and alfo Hating under each Id Offence the Numbers of thofe capitally convided who hare aerated; and all fuch Accounts mail be made out and re* i according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad id, or in fuch Form and manner and with any fuch additional .nki as (hall from time to time be ordered and required by Chief Secretary in that behalf, and fuch Accounts (hall be i by every fuch Clerk of Affize, Clerk of the Crown or other tai aforefaid refpedively; and every Clerk of Affize, Clerk Clwrk of Aflut, a Crown or other Clerk as aforefaid, who (hall refufe or negled *c« refuting, lake or tranfmit any fuch Return or Account in the manner and a pttferibed, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or A&ion at Penalty, uit of His Majefty in any Court of Record in Ireland.

. And be it further ena&ed, That the Chief Secretary to the Returns to be i Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland hid before us*being, (hall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January Pwihment. the Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament I! he fitting during any Part of /uch Period, or if Parliament 1 not i* fitting during any Part of fuch Period, then within Four-i Days after Parliament (hall meet after the hud Twenty fourth f of February in each Year, caufe all fuch Accounts and Returns * laid before Parliament.

111.	And be it further enaded, That the Grand Juries affembled Allowances to iherrfpcftive Spring Affizes for the feveral Counties and Coun- Clerks of Aline, of Cities and Towns in Ireland, and at the Prefenting Term for &c-to be fettled County and County of the City of Dublin next after fuch Re- y Praai* i {ball be made by fuch Clerks of Affize, Clerks of the Crown une*‘ other Clerks refpedively in each and every Year, f fettle and afeer- f Sic. the Allowances to be paid to the Clerks of Affize, Clerks of the wn and other Clerks as aforefaid, ading at the refpediwe Affizes Seffions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in making fuch urns; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Grand Juries refpedively, they are hereby required to prefent the Amount of fuch Allow-i to be railed off the County at large, or County of the City or ro, as the cafe may be, to which fuch Returns refpedively relate styly; and fuch Amount when raifed (hall be paid by the Trea*

Jot fuch County, or County of a City or Town, to fuch Clerk

Affize, Clerk of the Crown or other Clerk refpedively, f alfo fSic.

Abe entitled to the fame under the Provifions of this Ad,

5CHE-

ot

o

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers,

IRELAND, [Name of the Circuit Place from whence the Return it made.]

A RETURN of the Number of PERSONS committed to the different CAOLS. in the federal Counties within the Circuit [or, the Gaol of	or, the Gaol within	at the cafe may he"] for Trial

at the Afiizes [or, Sefiion of Oyer and Terminer, Quarter or General Reflion of the Peace, or other Sellion, holden for	at the cafe may he] in the Year 18	;	dillinguifhingparticularly the Crimes with which they were

feverally charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which fuch of them as were indi&ed were feverally indi&ed, and the Crimes of which fuch of them as were convided were feverally convi&ed ; and diftinguiftiing, under each Head of Offence, the Numbers convi&ed, acquitted, difcharged by reafon of no Bill being found againft them, and difcharged by reafon of no Profecution; and the Sentences of fuch as were convifted, and the Numbers of thofe capitally convicted who have been executed.

Crimes with which they were feverally charged upon their Commitment.	•  Crimes of which they were indidted.	Crimes of which fuch of them as were convidted were feverally convidled.	Acquitted by Verdi# of Jury.	Difcharged by reafon of no Bill being found.	Difcharged by reafon of no Profecution.	Total Number of Per-fons committed.
						
\ Total Number of Perfons \ committed.	Number of Perfons?  indi&ed - _ C Not indiAvd - -  Tot»l	Number of I*•riant \ convi£t««* * * I •  -i- i  . L										
			(Signed)  lCUrk '’iSoAOlte*)			

Ill *039 oSS	■OSI'O

Crime* and Scnte«iccs 01 *~r»loners c6jj*

CRIMES.	Total Number of Perfons convi&ed.	sentences.										Number of Perfoni capitally convided who have been executed.
		Death.	Tranfportation.		lmprilonment.			Whipping.	•I	i  1  9  *•»  1  0	It  it	
			5  *	fi  8  >*	fi  8  >	1 Year.	6 Months and under.					
				*								
												

i

lisifi.	56* GEO. III. C.120.	605

C. 121.

56° GEO. Ill,

Allowances to Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons.

Provifo.

Exceptions,

Subalterns daiming Allowances to take the following Oath.

Oath.

AD

CAP. CXXI.

An A St for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day o One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Cfc the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; tod fc ing Allowances in certain cafes tcf Subaltern Officers faid Militia during Peace.	[ift	Mi

[This AS the fame at 55 G. 3. r. 167. except as to Boa j SeSiont here given, and SeSton 16. which u addtl]

4 VII. AND Whereas it is expedient to mot Aflovu * certain Officers of the faid Militia Forces of Ireland wtik&i 4 died under certain Regulations ;* Be it further ena&ed, Tk following Allowances (hall be made and paid to the Amount, the Reftri&ions and in the manner hereinafter expreffcd, tonaj altern Officer and Afliftant Surgeon, now bearing a Coarnha ferving in the Milita of Ireland, who (hall hate continued to ferve until the Difembodying thereof; that is to fay, to 11| tenant Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day, to an EofignTw! lings a Day, and to an Affinant Surgeon Two Shillings ad \ pence a Day: Provided always, that fuch Allowances flail a* received for the time during which the Regiment, BitoHoe Corps, to which fuch Officers belong, is aflembW fa Traa and Exercife, or when called out for the Suppreis of Rati e Tumults.

VIII.	Protided always, and be it further ena£fcd,TtewPc fon who is or (hall during the Continuance of dns Ad becos podefied of fuch an Eflate or Income, as would by Livut&k to bold a Captain’s Commiffion in the Militia of a County at bj in Ireland, or who is or (hall be appointed Adjutant or&raw any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, nor anyOfar 0 Full Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who /hall alio bold til Commiffion of a Subaltern or Affidaot Surgeon in tk laiWfo (hall have or be in any wife entitled to the laid Annual AW or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained ta G contrary thereof in anywife not with flan ding.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Subaltern Officers a Affiftant Surgeons of the faid Militia, who (hall claim under tl Authority of this Adi to receive any Part of the faid Mowrn (hall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle tta felves thereto, take and fubferibe an Oath before fome One of H Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for any County in the United fy dom in which they (hall refpe&ively be, in the Words or to ti EfFedt following; (videlicet),

4 T A. B. do fwear, That I belonged to the 4 A	of the Militia of Ireland, when the fame is&

4 embodied, and that I have continued to dent therein fin tint 4 time until the	Day	of

4	inclufive,	as a Lieutenant, Ln&gn or Aifibrt

4 Surgeon, (at the cafe may he) ; and that I was not in my ova Right, or in Right of my Wife, during the faid Period, tn tk aftual Pofieffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents aad Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditament!, of fuch in annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a CommifBon 15	‘of

56° GEO, III.

698

A.D.1816.

a 128.

i Breach or Non Performance of fuch Contrad, and all CofU, Charges i and Expences that fhall be occafioncd thereby.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons For preventing (other than the Perfon or Perfon* con trading with the faid Com- A(he* being miffionera for executing this Ad, for cleanfirtg the Streets, Squares, ljkc”a*a* ^ t Ways, Courts and other public Paffages and Places under their the Contr*&or Diredion, or thofe employed under fuch Contrador or Contradors) for cleaning, fhall on any Pretence whatfoever go about to colled or gather, or (hall afk for, receive or carry away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders or Afhes, from any Houfe or other Premifes in any Street, Square, Circus,

Way, Court, or other public Paffage or Place under the Management of fuch Commiffioners, it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fee fuch Offence committed, to feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons to affift in feizing the Offender t or Offenders, together with the Horfes, Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements made ufe of for carrying away the fame, and, by the Authority of this Ad, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them before fome Juftice of the | Peace for the faid County of Middlefex, or City of lVeftminfter$ and fuch Juftice (hall, and he is hereby authorized to examine upon Oath the Perfon or Perfdns apprehending fuch Offender or Offenders, and any Witnefs or Witnefles who fhall .appear to give Information touching fuch Offence ; and if the Party or Parties fhall be convided of going about to colled or gather, afking for, receiving or carrying away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders or Afhes, from any Houfe or other Premifes in any Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road, Highway or other public Paffage or Place under the Management of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, not being the Perfon or Perfons fo contrading with fuch Commiffioners, or a&ing under his or their Authority, he, (he or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, anjl One Moiety penalty, of every fuch Penalty fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners; and if fuch Offender or if not paid/ Offenders fhall not immediately on Convidion pay the faid Penalty Horfes, Caqr, or Penalties, fuch Juftice is hereby required to dired fuch Horfes, &c* k***d Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which fhall foW* have been fo feized to be appraifed and fold; and after deduding out of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, the Overplus thereof fhall be returned to the Party or Parties whofe Horfes or other things fhall be appraifed and fold ; and in cafe there fhall haye been no fuch Seizure as aforefaid, and if no Seizor if the Horfes, and other things which fhall be fo appraifed and	notfuf-

fold, fhall not produce a fufficient Sum of Money to pay the faid u*^’v*m* M Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if fuch Offender y or Offenders fhall not immediately upon Convidion pay the Penalty or Penalties, or fuch Part or Parts of the faid Penalty or Penalties,

Charges and Expences which fhall remain over and above the Produce of the Horfes and other things fo feized and fold, then fuch Juftice is hereby required to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion for the faid County of ImprUoomcnu Middlefext or City of IVeJhninJltr, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, onlels fuch Penalty or

Penalties

a 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.I816.

Provifo for Owner* of Dud removing it.

Houfeholders nuking C>m plaint of defective Pavement or Lighting, Surveyor to view it, and if defective to give Notice to Contractor.

Pivior neglecting to repair Pavement.

Penalty.

For preventing Encroachments by Signs, Gutters, &c.

Notice to remove Signs, fee.

Penalties be fooner paid and (atisfied: Provided neverthdefs, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to prevent or hinder the Owner or OwnerB of fuch Dull, Dirt, Cinders or Aihes, horn carrying away the fame for his, her or thrir own ufe, to be applied to any Manufactory of any fuch Owner or Owners, or to the man a ring of any Ground occupied by him, her or them.

• XX V1. And be it further enaded. That if any Houfeholder within the Limits of this Ad (hall by Writing under his or her Hand, to be left at the ufual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Infpe&or for the time being to the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, make Complaint of any Defed of lighting or cleaning, or Want of Repair in the Pavement, in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuiles, Ways, Courts or other public Paflages or Places, the faid Surveyor or Id-fpettor in every fuch cafe (hall inquire into and examine the Matter of Complaint and Report thereupon to fuch Commiffioners at their next Meeting; and if by fuch Report it (hall appear that the Pavement complained of is bad and defedive, unlefs it (hall arife from a Defect relating to the Water Pipes lying under fuch Pavement, the (aid lafi mentioned Commiffioners (hall give Notice to their Contrador or Pavior to repair the fame within luch time as the fame Commiffiooers (hall judge necefiary, which time (hall be fpecified iu fuch Order; and if the Contrador or Pavior to whom fuch Order (hall be given (ball not repair and amend fuch Pavement within the time directed by fuch Order, he (hall in every fuch cafe forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that the faid defedive Pave-ment (hall remain unrepaired after the time limited by fuch Order, and One Moiety of every fuch Penalty (hall be paid to the Inhabitant fo making Complaint, and the other Moiety (hall be paid to the (aid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to be applied by them for the Purjtofeb of this Ad; and if it (hall appear by fuch .Report that the Contrad for cleaning or lighting (hall not be duly performed, the faid Commifiioners lor executing this Ad (hall forthwith give Directions for recovering the Penalty under fuch Contrad.

XXVII. And be it further enaded. That all Signs, Sign Pods, Gutters and Screens, which now are, or at any time hereafter (hall be placed againft any of the Houfes or other Buildings now ereded or ereding, or hereafter to be ereded or built within the feveral Strati, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Placet aforefaid, (hall be fixed clofe to the Fronts of the Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes and Buildings to which they (hall refpedively belong, and not otherwise, and that the refpedive Occupiers of any fuch Houfes or Other Buildings as afore&aid, (hall at their own Cham, within fuch time and in luch manner as the faid Commiffioners (haS from time to time, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them (to be delivered to fucb refpedive Occupiers, or left at their refpedive Dwelling Houfes) order and dired, caufe all Signs which may belong to and /hall not be fixed or placed upon fuch refpedive Houfes or other Buildings in manner aforefaid, to be taken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, and all Signs, Irons, Sign Polls and other Pofts, Pent Houfes* Screens, Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows and Cellar Windows and other In-attachments, Obftrudions, Projedions and Annoyances which may hereafter be made by any fuch Occupiers or other Perfons, in, upon or near, or attached to any /uch refpedive Houfes or other Buddings,

contrary

58° GEO. III.

C. 122.

'609

and the lame for many Yean, under an Appointment to the faid mg made by Hi* prefent Majefty: And Whereas His Royal Mels The Prince Regent, in the Name and on the behalf of KjMajefty, purpofes and intends to make a Grant of the faid p, fubje& neverthelefe to fuch Regulations touching the Fees f Emoluments ariftng and to arife from the fame, fince fuch mcj as aforefaid, or received or to be received, or belonging he fame, or under colour of belonging to the fame, as may be light expedient: And Whereas alfo the Chief Baron of the faid at of Exchequer, claiming the Right of appointing to the faid ct, hath executed an Inftrument purporting to appoint Waller ready Efquire to the faid Office; and the faid Waller 0*Grady h executed an Inftrument purporting to appoint John Pollock inrc Chief or Firft Deputy Clerk of the Common Pleas of thp I Court of Exchequer ; and hath alfo executed One other In* went purporting to appoint Jofepb Farran Efquire to be sad Deputy Clerk of the Common Pleas of the faid Court of chequer ; and the faid Waller 0*Grady and the faid John Pollock e openly in the faid Court taken the Oaths required by Law to taken by the Principal in the faid Office, and by the Chief or rft Deputy refpe&ively; and the faid Jofepb Farran bath alfo un the Oaths required by Law to be taken by the Second •poty before the Chief Baron or One other of the Barons of the ! Court; and the faid Waller 09Grady, John Pollock, and Jofepb TOflyOrfomeorone of them,have or hath finceexecuted or affumed execute the Duties of the faid Office, and received and taken all :% and pecuniary Profits thereof, by themfelves or by certain other rfons in their Employment, and holding the Places or Situations .er mentioned under the Appointment of the faid Waller 09 Grady, ibn Pollock and Jofepb Farran, or fome of One of them, that is fay, Clerk of the Satisfa&ions and Plaintiffs Judgments Book, facer and Clerk of the Pleadings, Clerk of the Attachments, erk of the Rules, Clerk of the Writs and Clerk of the Alphabets: id Whereas a Suit hath been inftituted to bring to a judicial eafion the Claim fo made by the Chief Baron of the faid Court : Exchequer, and the Right of appointing to the faid Office, and her Saits may be inftituted refpe&ing the Right of a Grantee of ii Majefty to the faid Office, or to the Fees and Emoluments Teof; and it is therefore juft that the Fees and pecuniary Profits the faid Office fhould be fecured, for a time to be limited, iq nner hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore ena&ed by The fi Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent e Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent ament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within The Perfont Days after the Firft Day of Auguft in the prefent Year One herein mention* land eight hundred and fixteen, the faid Waller 09Grady, John *<} a”d ck and Jofepb Farran, and the feveral Perfons who (hall from	T *n

to time hold or be in the Places or Situations of Clerk of the uayS after ill fa&ion* and Plaintiffs Judgments Book, Filacer and Clerk of Auguft 1816. Pleadings, Clerk of the Attachments, Clerk of the Rules, Clerk deliver to Audi* « Writs and Clerk of the Alphabets, (hall deliver and tranfmit to l°r Genc**1 Auditor General of the Exchequer of Ireland, at his Office in /in, One or more Account or Accounts, figned with their Names taken by them in their proper Handwritings refpe&ively, wherein they (hall, fince the Deceaff 56 Geo. III.	R	r	either	°f the Officer

•626

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Damages to be aflefled, in cafe of Dtfagree-mentSi by a Jury.

Sheriff, &c- empowered to ad. minifter Oaths.

Witnefles examined on Oath.

XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Commiffiooers of Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Covert, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Pavement, Rails, Oates, Lamp Polls or other Materials, or in any Ground or Hereditaments which the faid Commiffioners for executing this A€t are hereby empowered to purchafe, take and ufe for the Purpofea of this Ad, (hall neglect or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premifet, or by reafon of Abfence or Disability fhall be prevented from treating with the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or their Agents, for the Sale and Difpofal thereof; or if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, cannot be found or knows, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes fb to be purchafed, or to the Intereft, he, (he or they (hall refpedwdr claim therein, to the Satisfa&ion of die (aid Commiffioners, or if d*

Perfons entitled to be compensated for any fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, (hall not agree with the Commiffioners for executing tkk Ad in regard thereto, then and in every or any fuch cafe, the Sberif of the faid County of Middlefex, or his Under Sheriff, or the Higi Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Wejtminftcr, or his Deputy, as the cafe may be ; or in cafe (uch Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Higt Bailiff or his Deputy, (hall be anyways interefted in the Matter ia quell ion, then fome of the Coroners of the faid County, not intr-refted therein, (hall, upon the Warrant of the faid Commiffiooai for executing this Ad, to be iffued in the manner hereinafter motioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to caufe it to be inquired into and afeertaraed, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of Middle fat* or City and Liberty of Wefimlnjier% (which Oaths the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter,) what Recompence and Sadl-fadion ought to be made to fuch Commiffioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, 'Truftees, Owners, Occupiers or other Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, or for the Value of fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp pofts or other Ms-terials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditaments, and of tbf proportionable Value of the refpedive Eftates and Interefts of every Perfon or Perfons feifed or poftefied thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and (hall affefs and award tbt Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Commiffioners of Fsw-ment, Veftrymen, Truftees or other Perfon or Perfons refpe&iveij for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, for the Purchafe of their refpedive Rights, Eftates and Interefts therein; and in order thereto, the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required from time te time, as occafion (hall require, to fununon and call before the find Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Perfons whoa-foever, who (hall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witnefles, touching or concerning the Premifo (which Oath the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) ; and fori Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpedivdjr* (hall Older and caufe the faid Jury to view the Materials or Places m queftion, if there be occafion, and ule all other lawful ways sad #	5*

mesas.

C.122.

.1815.

sd® GEO. til.

3kAid be k further ena&ed, That every Account, before the mC be fb delitered as aforefaid, (hall be verified by each and Beloa whofe Name (hall be fo fubfcribed thereto, by Affidavit Mwt thereof, to be fworn before One of the Barons of His ■ft Etchequer of Ireland, (which Oath any fuch Baron is ■authorized and required to adminifter,) and which Affidavit Bte that the Account to which the fame relates is a full, true K Account according to the Import thereof, to the belt of the ledge and Belief of the Perfon or Perfons whofe Name or Name* 6 fabfcribed thereto.

• And be it further enided, That each and every Perfon who Ifaei in fuch Account as aforefaid, or, jri any other manner Protifions of this A ft, (hill, within Three Days after the If fuch Affidavit, pay or caufe to be paid into tne Bank of ■ to an Account to be kept in the Books of the laid Bank, and fcrittiled, M In the Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas Court of Exchequer,M the full Amount of all and every Sum ■ft* of Money which each and every Perfon (hall in fuch Ac-. admit to have been fo received by him, or by his Teftator or In-fejOT by any Clerk or Clerks, or other Perfon or Perfons for his or by or under his Authority, or with his Privity or Permiffion, twfefahe, of any Perfon or Perfons on his behalf, (hall hive fo Geffit; fubjeft neverthelefs to any fuch Dedu&fon as is herein-provided to be made from time to time.

Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That any Perfon (hall make fuch Affidavit as an Executor or Adminiftrator be at liberty to add thereto a Statement of the Amount in value teAffetsof the Teftator or Inteftate which have come to his, her adr Hands or PoWer, and whether any and what Part thereof is ticstey at Bank Notes, and what is the Nature of fuch Part tof » ttStr not then be in Money of Bank Notes; and alfo a afttart of me Sum, if any paid thereout, for Funeral Expences ; fuch Executor of Adminiftrator (hall thereupon bring into the Bank tfithin the faid time, in Priority to.all other Demands, the nee cf fo much of th£ faid Affets as (hall then be in Money of It Mites, after deducing what (hall have been fo paid for Funeral mces, and the Reiidue (hall be a Debt recoverable by Extent in er hereinafter provided.

. And be it further ena&ed. That if any of the Perfons afore-fhaii refaff, negle6l or oftdt fo to deliver in of verify fuch ant, or to make fuch Payment' thereon, then and in every fuch every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence t to His Majefty, his Heirs and Suc'ceflbrs, the Slim of Five red Pounds Sterling; arid it (hall and, may be lawful to and for aid Corirt of E)£chdqu£f, on Application <fuly made by His ly*i Attorney Genefal', to compel, by lummary. Order and hment, ahd Sequeftration thereon, if neceffary, the delivering ratifying of fuch' Account as aforefaid, at fuch tithe as fuch t (&Q1 <fire& • arid' if at any time after Three Days from the ; of the Affidavit at the root of any'Accouht fumifhed under this it iftatf be* ri&dt? appear to auy Baron of the Exchequer in by ah attlffted fcppy of fucli Account and by Affidavit, that >aa dud uhdifr' filth Account, whether fo due by a Principal tty or Cleft, ok bf any Executor or Adminiftrator, remains R r 2	unpaid,

Ml

Account to be verified on Oath before a Baron of the Exchequer*

All Sums admitted by fuch Accounts to have been received, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland to Account of the Clerk of the Pleas.

Provifo for Executors paying on account of their Telt stars, &c*

Refufing to deliver Account.

Penalty.

Delivery thereof may be compelled by Attachment, See.

Extent may be iffued for compelling Payment of Sums due.

612

Money levied yrid into tiie Bank.

Money fo paid into the Bank to be inverted in Government Securities.

deputies not compellable to

Ey into the ink any Money paid to W. O’Grady be-fore paffiug of this A&.

Filfe Oaths* Perjury.

C. 122.

56* GEO. IIL

Mil

Remuneration for difcharging the Duties of ihoOflict.

Monty caid inn the. Bank to re-main till Application provided lor by Parliament.

-unpaid, then fuch Baron (hall immediately make an Order I Extent to levy the fame as a Debt to the Crown, which Extol accordingly iflue in the ufual Form as againft an original Debtof Executor or Adminiftrator refpe&ively; and the net Money thereon (hall in like manner be paid into the (aid Bask i faid Matter of the Office of Clerk of the Pleat in the Cm Exchequer.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Money whxlli paid into the faid Bank to the Account in the (aid Mats i under the Orders of the faid Court of Exchequer, be bdut in veiled in the Purchafe of fuch Irifb Government Stock uk Court (hall" dire ft, to the Credit of the faid Account is tk Matter; and the Interell of fuch Stock, and all Accmk thereon, (hall, in like manner and under the like Orders, be time to time fo laid out and invefted.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That neither dr John Pollock, nor the faid Jofepb Farr an, nor any of the Cg hereinbefore mentioned (hall, nor (hall any of them be ooopfl compellable under the Provifions of this Ad, to pay into del Bank any Sum or Sums of Money, on any of the Accocft A faid, which at any time before the paffing of this Ad flail be! bona fide paid by the faid John Pollock or Jofepb Farm, of bjr 1 of the faid Clerks refpedively, to the faid Waller WGrdj, 9 any Perfon or Perfons by his Authoilty, but the WWrWb {hall be compellable fo to pay the fame.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if anyM»M*« fuch Affidavit as aforefaid fwear any thing falfe, he U, onbaa convi&ed thereof, he adjudged guilty of wilful and compthq*! and Proof of the Hand Writing of the Perfon by rittuati Affidavit (hall purport to have been fwom, and of the Perfci Perfons by whom the fame (hall purport to have been stf aforefaid, and of his or their having at the time mqsiwta reputed to fill the Office or Offices by virtue of which At lad On (hall purport to have been adminiftered by him, (hall bioM fufficient Proof that the fame was fo duly fwora, odB conclufive thereof againft any Perfon who (hall have fo foW the fame.

X.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hail and saf

lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Gownior or V vernors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to athl and permit the Perfons who for the time being (hall a&uallr oai exercife and difeharge the Duties of the faid Office of Ckrk of Pleas, to dedu& out of the Payments fo required to be mrifi the Bank of Ireland as aforefaid, or after fuch Payments Uk been made into the faid Bank, to receive and to be pul fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall by the bud Lord Lww*£ deemed a fufficient and adequate Remuneration to fuchfri* difcharging the Bufinefs and Duties of the faid Office, dcr the Salaries and Allowances of the Under Clerks the«»«lM and defraying the Expences of the faid Office.	J

o XI. And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums which Ml kj paid into the faid Bank of Ireland, under the Prorifionj of this Ij fhall, notwithftanding the Expiration dr Repeal of this Act, m in the faid Bank untu Provifion (hall be made by fome other

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. IIL

C.128.

1 which Cafe no Cofts, Charges or Expences, fliall be allowed to either No Cofls.

1 Party as againft the other; and alt Cofts, Charges and Expences Cofts dire&ed t* :	hereby direaed to be paid to the faid Commiffioners for executing he paid to Com-

! this A&, (hall and may be dedu&ed and retained by them out of the miflionen t0 b«

-	Money fo adjudged or aflefled to be paid by them, as fo much Money r*la,ned h7 advanced to and for the Ufe of the Perfon and Perfons entitled to Mo^eyaflcfled

1 fuch Money fo adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder t0 them; k of fuch Money (hall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender > of the whole Sum or Sums fo adjudged or aflefled; or in cafe no or if in Money Money, or no fufficient Sum of Money (hall be awarded or aflefled swarded them*

-	to be paid by the faid Commiflioners, whereout fuch Cofts, Charges covered at ? and Expences can be dedu&ed, then the fame (hall and may be re- Penallw*-

* covered by fuch Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this A& impofed or authorized to be impofed. i XVII. And be it further ena&ed, That all the faid Judgments Verdiaitob# i and Verdi&s (hall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His recorded. Majefty’s Land Revenue arifing in the County of Middlefex ; and a Minute or Docket thereof (hall be entered and preferved in the Office of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and all fuch Judgments and Verdi&s (hall be afterwards depofited with the Clerk or the Peace of the faid County of Mid-dlefexy to be kept and preferved by him amongft the Records of the r Quarter Seffions of the faid County, and (hall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, (hall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatfoever; and all Perfons (hall have Liberty to infpe& the fame, paying for fuch Infpe&ion the Sum df One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon Payment or Tender Power to enter of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfa&ion, which and take PofTef-fhall be agreed for, awarded or aflefled as aforefaid, to the Parties

or Perfons refpe&ively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treafurer payment'or or Treafurers, the faid Commiflioners of Pavement, Veftrymen, Tender of Pur-Truftees or other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or chafe Money. Collegiate, interefted in fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pofts and other Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, (hall from thenceforth be diveiled of all Right* Title, Claim,. Intereft and Property therein or thereunto, and the fame (hall thenceforth be veiled in the faid Commiffioners for executing this A&, who (hall be deemed in Law to be in the a&ual Seifin and Pofleflion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes, freed and difeharged from all former and other Eftates,

Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands, and the fame (hall and may be at any time thereafter made ufe of and employed according to the Dire&ions of the faid Commiflioners for executing this A&, for any of the Purpofes of this A&, and under the Regulations herein contained.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Property of and in all Property of

the Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways, and alfo the Ballaft PaJe7l.en!J*kCm or Gravel to be brought or laid in the faid feveral Streets, Squares,	0m"

Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Pafiages and Places, already

or hereafter to be let out or made within the Limits aforefaid, and

S s 3	of



45 C.3.C.118.

46	0.3. c. 104.

47	G. 3. Sett 1. c.3*.

4* 0-3- c-95-49 G. 3. e. 98. Sch. (A.) Ctwft-wife.

45 G.3. fo far as relates to Coals being brought by the Canal, ami 49 G.3. c.98. refpetting the Duty, further continued.

1G. r. sut. %. c.3.

C. 124, its.	Sfr IIL

ot	Aueu/t One	thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, until tkl

Day ot Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen. •

4 IL Aria Whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Tl:

*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for dU

*	under certain RefriBions, until tie Firft Day of Auguft (hd

*	/and eight hundred andJtx9 the bringing a limited Quantity

4 Culm or Cinders to London and Weftminfler by Inland AVdJ

*	certain Duties were impofed on all Coals, Culm or Cindm*! 4 along the Grand JunBion or Paddington Canals nearer to IM 4 than the Stone or Pod thereby required to be erected d 4 gained, on or near to the Towing Path of the bid G/WJm 4 Canal, at or near the North Ealt Point of prove Pari, AM 4 tiguoua tp the \5rharf then in the Po Hellion and Occupatoi A ‘ Ead of Clarendon : And Whereas the Amount of the (aid111

*	was altered* by Tmnee A As of the Forty fixth, Forty faUM 4 Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty: m 4 Whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an Ad pafed in tbH 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Ae 4 for repealing the federal Duties; of Cuftoqu chargeable

4 Britain, and. far granting, other. Duties in lint thereof other Mi

*	are impofed in lieu thereof upon the laid hmited Quantity of &■ 4 Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Remdariou adS 4.ftridions of the faid firXt recited Ad: And Wham tkM 4 recited Ads were further continued by Three A& d tfclv 4 firih, Fifty thir^ and Fifty fifth Years of HisprefeM^W 4 the Firft. Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred«d nit 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Ads Wft Vital*

4 continued ;* Be it therefore ena&ed. That the laid firiitdadH o£ the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majdj.htal the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations sad Itknbm uuder which the faid limited Quantity of Coals, Cub id Cta* may be brought within One Year by thf faid QrandidSmwh Paddington Canals nearer to London than the faid Stone tf M*l the faid recited Ad of the .Forty ninth Year of Hit regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thertoa sa* Appropriation thereof, (hall be and the fame are hereby farther tinued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hoadrtdtf feventeen.

CAP. CXXV.

An. A£t fot thg more effectual Puniftimeijt of ^dbps deftroj^ing or damaging Bpildjngsj Engines and MachiufW ufed in ap'd about Collj^ri^s anfj, other Mines, fridges, apd ouiejr Worlds, uijed in conveying, ana Coals and other Minerals.; 5^4; foi; enabling tkfo**

fkjch Property to recover Damages for the Injun ii4a» ,

■ •

*	WHEREAS an AS pattern % Firft Year of tl*M

*	HisMajeffy	Ring Geprge the'Firft, inti’tuW- A MM

9 O- 3* e. *9.

AJX1816,

56° GEO. 111.

C.128,

Ml

in or upon Stone, Wood or otherwife, and to be fixed in a confpicuous Pant of One or more Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of fuch Streets, Squares, Cir-cufles, Ways and Courts, and other public Paffages and Places, the Name by which each refpedive Street, Square, Circus, Lane, Way,

Court, Yard, Mews, Paffage and Place, is to be properly called or known, in fuch manner as they (hall judge moil proper for diftinguifh-ing the fame; and if any Perfon /nail wilfully break, throw down, Damaging taJce away, fpoil or damage any Watch Houfe or Watch Box, Lamps Watch Houfe, or any or the Irons, Pofts or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully ex- LamP*» *c-tinguiih the Light of any fuch Lamp, or deface or obliterate any fuch Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety (hall go to the Informer, and Penalty, the other Moiety to the Commifiioners ading under and by virtue of this Adi, to be by them applied for the Purpofes thereof; and fuch Offender (hall alfo pay to the faid Commifiioners, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, fuch Sum of Money as (hall be a full Satisfadion for the Damage fo done; and in cale Carelefsly da-any Perfon (hall carelefsly, negligently or accidentally break, throw m*6IUS Lamps down, or otherwife fpoil or damage any of the faid Lamps, or the &c*

Irons, Pofts or other Furniture thereof, and (hall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middle/ext or the City of WeJbninAery upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witnenes, or on the Confeffion of the Party, to award fuch Sum of Money byway of Satisfaction for fuch Damage, as fuch Juftice (hall think reafonable, not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Lamp, Penalty.

Lamp Iron, or Lamp Poft, or in default of Payment thereof, upon Demand, to caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the DiftreTa.

Goods and Chattels of the Perfon who (hau have done fuch Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of pro-fecuting fuch Complaint, and of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XXL And be it further enaCted, That the Occupier of every Perfons to Houfe and Tenement now ereCted or to be creCted within the Limits (Weep the Pool-. of this ACt, (hall once in every Day, before the Hour of Ten of oppofite the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, fweep and cleanfe, or caufe to be feraped, fwept and cleanfed, the Footway all along °nce a ay’ and oppofite to the whole Front and Flank Wall, if any, of his, her or their refpeCtive Houfes or Tenements, or in default thereof every fuch Occupier (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Shillings; and if any fuch Houfe or Building be let furni(hea or in feparate Apartments to Inmates, then and m every fuch cafe, the Perfon or Perfons fo letting the (ame (hall, for the Purpofe aforefaid, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XXII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifiioners Commiffioners for executing this Ad (hall, and they are hereby authorized and may Water empowered, to caufe all or any of the Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Sti:ccl1-Ways, Courts, Paffages and public Places within the Limits of this Ad, to be watered when they or any of their Surveyors for the time being (hall think proper, and for that Purpofe to caufe fuch Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, funk and made in any of the faid Walk may |>c Stracts. Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages and Places, as dut*

S • 4	they

616

56* GEO. lit.

trite* of unlawful Aflerabliei; and after fuftain-ing Damage, to give Notice within Two Days after to fome fnhabitanti of Town, Ac*

| Sh.

Examinations Upon Oath to be had before a Jufticc withih Four Days as to a Knowledge of the Offenders.

l i mitation of Afl ion for Damages.

In Scotland No* tice to be given to Sheriff, dec.

C. 125, 126.

LM

or Peffona who is or arc the Owner or Proprietor or Owe Proprietors of any of the Engines, Works, Buildings, or Property hereinbefore particularly fpecified, (hall, as fooo a veniently may be after fuch unlawful AfTembly (hall tike pbc himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their Servants, give or cade given due Notice and Information of fuch AfTembly having place, to fome or one of the neareft Magistrates, and to the Cos or fome one of the refident Honfekeepers of the Towns, Yin Hamlets near to the Place where any fuch AfTembly kS I place ; and that no Perfon or Perfons (hall be enabled to rrtwf Damages by virtue of this Ad, unlefs he or they (haD hut i fuch Notice and Information as aforefaid, by himfelf or tko or by his or their Servants, within Two Days after fuch Daoq Injury done him or them by any fuch Offender or Offenders#! faid, f (hall give Notice of fuch Offence done and commtifti fome of the Inhabitants of fome Town, Village or Hamlet nori the Place where any fuch Fad (hall be committed; and(haSoi Four Days after fuch Notice give in bis or their Eximiutiaq Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Sam Servants, that had the Care of his, her or their Property herrioM fpecified, fo deftroyed or damaged as aforefaid, before m Jd of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Divifion where iodfi (hall be committed, inhabiting within the faid Hundred where i faid Fad (hall happen to be committed, or near atfo the fm whether he or they do know the Perfon or Perfoni tlat anoite fuch Fad, or any of them ; and if upon fuch Exauatn ft h confeffed that he or they do know the Perfon or Perfowikm mitted the faid Fad, or any of them, that then he or they fo cos fefling (hall be bound by Recognizance to profecute fuch Of odes ( Offenders,' by Indidment or otherwife, according to tie Lair o/ti Realm s Provided alfo, that no Perfon who (hall fufbin ujDttag by Reafon of any Offence to be committed by any Offender natal] to this Ad, (hall be thereby enabled to fue or bring asy Adim againft any Inhabitants of any Hundred where fuch Offence feaSib committed, except the Party or Parties fuftaining fuch Dznxp commence his or their Adion or Suit within One Year next h fuch Offence (hall be committed: Provided neverthekfs, tha: tl Notice hereby required may and (hall be given in Scotland to tl Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Subftitute of the County or Stwrc where fuch Fad (hall happen to be committed, in order tbt iu Meafures may be taken as the Law of Scotland preferibes in k cafes*

CAP. CXXVI.

An Aft to artend in Aft of he Fifty third Year of Hip fent Majefty, for the Relief of Ihfolvent Debtors in

4 Yl/HEREAS an Ad paffed in the Fifty third Year oCttsJ 4 VV prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled jfn A8fir tie titty 4 Infolvent Debtors in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the bid I * Ad, and to diflinguifh between the cafes of fuch Infolvent Debttnft 4 who (hall have been guilty of grofs Injuflice toward* their Crei* 4 tors, and the cafes of thole who (hall not bare To conduced them*

4 felves ;*

68S

A.D.1816.	56°	GEO,	III.	a	138.

Breach or Non Performance of fuch Contract, and all Cofts, Charges and Expences that (hall be occafioned thereby.

XXV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons For preventing (other than the Perfon or Perfons contrafting with the faid Com- Arhe* being miffioners for executing this Aft, for cleanfirig the Streets, Squares, tjke" a*lay Ways, Courts and other public Paffages and Places under their ^ contra&ar Direftion, or thofe employed under fuch Contraftor or Contraftors) for cleaning, fhall on any Pretence whatfoever go about to colled or gather, or (hall afk for, receive or carry away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders or Afhes, from any Houfe or other Premifes in any Street, Square, Circus,

Way, Court, or other public PafTage or Place under the Management of fuch Commiffioners, it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fee fuch Offence committed, to feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons to alhft in feizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horfes, Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements made ufe of for carrying away the fame, and, by the Authority of this Aft, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them before fome Juffice of the Peace for the faid County of Mtddlefex, or City of Weftminfier* and fuch Juffice fhall, and he is hereby authorized to examine upon Oath the Perfon or Perfons apprehending fuch Offender or Offenders, and any Witnefs or Witnefles who (hall appear to give Information touching fuch Offence ; and if the Party or Partie's fhall be convifted of going about to colled or gather, afking for, receiving or carrying away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders or Afhes, from any Houfe or other Premifes in any Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road, Highway or other public PafTage or Place under the Management of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, not being the Perfon or Perfons fo controlling with fuch Commiffioners, or ading under his or their Authority, he, (he or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, an^ One Moiety penaky. of every fuch Penalty fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners; and if fuch Offender or Knot paid/ Offenders fhall not immediately on Conviction pay the faid Penalty Horfet, Caxf, or Penalties, fuch Juffice is hereby required to direft fuch Horfes, fe,ted an* Carts, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which (hall 10 * have been fo feized to be appraifed and fold; and after deduding out of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reafonable Charges and Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, the Overplus thereof fhall be returned to the Party or Parties whofe Horfes or other things fhall be appraifed and fold ; and in cafe there fhall haye been no fuch Seizure as aforefaid, and if no Seizor if the Horfes, and other things which fhall be fo appraifed and ure»or *** fold, fhall not produce a fufficient Sum of Money to pay the faid	w

Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if fuch Offender n y ^ or Offenders fhall not immediately upon Conviftion pay the Penalty or Penalties, or fuch Part or Parts of the faid Penalty or Penalties,

Charges and Expences which fhall remain over and above the Produce of the Horfes and other things fo feized and fold, then fuch Juffice is hereby required to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the faid County of Imprifonmcnt. MiddLfcxt or City of lVeJhninJlcr% there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Forty Days, unleia fuch Penalty or

Penalties

ation of Small Coals.

C. 127.

GEO. Ill*

Ml

Cods not ad* mittadto Entry, unleft Certificate produced of Quantity, snd that they have patted through a Riddle or Screen of certain Di-

in any Part thereof be more than Three eighth Parti of afunder, (hall, under the Conditiona aod Regulations heretmfk tioned, ceafe and determine; and that from aod after the £ Da y of July One thoufand eight hundred and fizteeo, ia li inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall he nifed, collected and paid unto Hie Majefty, his Heirs and 8ucctflbn the Exportation from Great Britain to Foreign Parti of » which fliall hare been fereened through a Riddle or Sami of which not being in any Part thereof more than The < Parts of an Inch sounder, and ftamped in tbe manner beremfl rafted, fuch and the Hke Duties and no other, as are on charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Brk Foreign Parts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That » whatever fliall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Da and payable am Culm under the Provifions of this Ad, a Certificate under the Hand of an Owner or Proprietor of tb or Pit from which fuch Conk fliall have been railed, or of th cipal and known Agent of fuch Owner or Proprietor, (nil livered to the Colleftor of the Cuftome at the Port ofr—'

Mine Owners to provide Riddles or Screens, to be ftsmped is Com-miffioners (bill dired.

Riddles to ba ftsmped.

Coals of a larger Sise, on Exportation, charged with Duty as heretofore.

Shipping Coals of s larger Di-menfion, &c. at reducsd.Duty.

which Certificate fliall fpecify the real Quantity of Cod io to 1 mitted to Entry, and that all fiich Coals have adua%pidda a Riddle or Screen of the Dimenfions hereinbeforeMH \ which Riddle or Screen flammed as by this Aft dinfel; ok fi Certificate fliall alfo contain tne Name and RefldesttdtkQw or Proprietor of fuch Coals, with the Defcriptron of fcSnris the Mine or Pit from which fiich Coals were railed.

III.	And be R further enafted. That the OwwraOn Proprietor or Proprietors of any Coal Pit or Mine fn» may be intended to fhip for Exportation any Coals of dr Sat Dimenfiona hereinbefore deferibed, fliall at his or their fy**] vide er caufe tx> be provided fuch a Number of Riddles or Sere of the Dimenfions hereinbefore deferibed as fliall be nw&T fufficient for the Purpofe of afeertamiog that tbe Corn te to be (hipped are of the Dimenfions required by this Aft »^ to entitle them to be exported to Foreign Parts on Piyowt Duty as Culm : Provided always, that all fuch Riddles or Sc fliall be ftamped in fuch manner as the Commiflionen of the C« in England and Scotland refjpeftively, or any Three or more of (hall from time to time direft ; fuch Stamps to be prettied affixed at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors of the! or Bite from which fuch Coals* (hall be intended to be lip; Provided always, that all Coals being of a larger Site or Da float than ia hereinbefore mentioned and deferibed, (W ootbeP portation thereof from Great Britain be charged with tWjty*® Cask fo exported, in fuch and the likr manner ia every refpw this Aft bad not been made.

IV.	Provided always, and bt‘ it: further enafted, Tta ® Coak (hall ba entered or dripped for Exportation to FompJ^| on which tbe Dnty payable os Culm (ball bare been paid Provifions of this Aft, which (hall be of: larger Dhaenfios th» •lkmmd by this Aft to be fo entered, or whkh (bifl mt hift thrangh a ftanaped Riddle or Screen of the Defcriptttety tha diwfted to bw ufod, the Owner or PropviHW «Wf MW



Vt*16l

w cream,

am.

•id

jfeperfon who in his behalf figned the Certificate hereby re-■ to be delivered to the Collector of the Cuftoms at the time ilntry of any fuch Coals, and the Perfon entering or (hipping M Coals, (hall be fubjeA and Eable to a Penalty of Ten Pbunas Penalty.

By Chaldron, Nmocqfile Meafure, of fuch Coals fo improperly I or (hipped.

|And be it further enaAed, That the proper Officer or Offi- Officer to attend

• the Cuftoms at the Port where any Coals fhaU be eniesed ftrseniiig of

ffigmrtation to Foreign Parts on Payment of the Duty as Calm, CoB®B enUr,<1'

ashen ever and as often as it conveniently can be done, attend

Bcrtening of any Coals fo entered * and in. any cafe when he If unable to at-

•have not been able fo to attend* the Owner or Proprietor or tied* han*y

■pper of fuch Coals (hall, whenever required by any ftich Offi- cau£the Coait

kue any fuch Coals to be refcreened m the Prefence pf fuch

W or Officers; and if it (hall appear that fuch Coals or any

■ereof are not of the Dimenfions required by this A A, or

1st palled through the Screen defcribed and dhre^bed by this

m be ufed, the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Coals, and the

Iwbo may have figned the Certificate required by this A& to

Bvmd to the CofifeAor of the Cuftoms, Thall be ftbje& and

mthe Penalties directed by this AA.	Ptnakies.

I And be it further enaAed, That dip Duties by this AA im- Duties how ■fall be managed, afoertained, raifed, levied** collected, paid and levied, wed, in fuch and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms, of rKature are managed, afeertained, raffed, levied, Qpllfe&ed, paid ■covered, and under and fubjeA to the foveral Powers, Con-ja, Regulations, ReftriAiona, penalties and Forfeitures now in ft fa. tetoiion to or made for fequripg the Revenue of Cuftoms in m Brkajm, and all Pains, Penalties, pines and1 Forfeitures for MDiences whatever committed againft or in breach of any Ait ids of Parliament in foroe on or immediately before the paffing k AA, made for fequring the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the pkion or Improvement thereof, and1 the fevend Claufes, Powers Iftrections therein contained, (hall be in foil1 For.ce and EffeA Ifo laid Duties, as folly aqd effectually to all Intents and Pur-bnif they were at large repeated and reenaAed in this Ad.

H And be it further enaAe*), That all* Monies from time to. Application of I arifing from the faid Duties (the neqefljuy Charges of railing Duties, laccountiog for the fame refpeAively excepted) ftlall from time pine be paid into the Receipt of Ilfs Majetty's Exchequer at w*n£er, and (hall be appropriated and applied in. the fame man*

I* the Du ties on Culto exported from Great Britain ant direAtd k appropriated and. applied.

636

C.188

56° GEO. IIL

A.D.1816.

&€. to projt€t over Footwiyi under certain Regulations.

CommtlBonert may authorize Projections, Virandas, &c.

rize and permit the building or ere6ting and making of any Portico*, Arcades and other covered Ways, projecting from any Buildings or Houfes, which (hall or may be built on tl\e Sides of the faid New Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages or Places, extending over any Footways of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Way8, Courts, Paffages and Places, provided the fame do not obftrud or incommode .the Foot Paffengers, and that the Footways under the fame be at lead Nine Feet broad in the Clear between the Columns, Piers or other Supports of fuch Porticos, Colonades, Arcades or other covered Ways, in the new Street leading from Pall Mail to the New Road, and Six Feet broad at the lead in the other Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages and Places, and the railing of the Areas of the Houfes or other Buddings before which the fame are placed; and provided fuch Colonades, Arcades, Porticos and covered Ways, be built of Stone, Brick or Metal, or Stucco or Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except the Joids and Bearers which form the Covering over the faid Footpath, which may be of Wood, covered with Plafter or Stucco or other uninflammable Compofition, and fo as that all fuch Porticos, Colonades, Arcades and other covered Ways, (hall be made in fuch manner, and upon fuch Plans, and of fuch Dimenfion8, as (hall be ordered and directed or authorized and allowed by the faid Commiflioners in that behalf; any thing in any A6t or Acts of Parliament relating to Houfes or Buildings in the Cities of London or Wejlminjler to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for executing this A& to authorize and permit the ere&ing or making, or continuing or fuffering to remain, the Fronts of any Houfes or Buildings in the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Paffages and Places, in fuch manner as that fome Fronts may recede behind or advance before others, aud with Bow Windows or other Proje&ions, and with Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Piladers, Columns and Shop Windows, or other Projections ; provided that no Front of any fuch Houfe or Building, or any fuch Viranda, Alcove, Balcony, Pilader, Column or Shop Window, or other Projections, advance beyond the Area of the Houfe or Building to which it (hall belong, and that the fame be built of Stone, Brick, Metal or Stucco, or other Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except Shop Windows, with their Shutters and Decorations, which may be of Wood ; any thing in any A6t or A£b of Parliament relating to Buildings or Houfes, or Bow Windows, or other Projections to the contrary notwithdanding.

4 XXX. And Whereas the Avenues to and from the Opera

*	Houfe, and the Accommodation of the Public referring thereto,

4 will be greatly improved, if the whole of the faid Building is for-4 rounded with a Stone or Iron Colonade, extending over the Foot-4 paths in Pall Mally Charles Street, the Hay Market and Market 4 Lane; to effeCt which it will be neceffary to dop up fo much of

*	Market Lane as extends from Pall Mall to Charles Street, as a

*	Street or Way for Carriages, and to convert it into an open

*	Arcade or covered Way: And Whereas the whole of the Houfes 4 on the Wed Side of that Part of Market Lane required to be 4 (topped up being already taken down, and the Eait Side thereof

*	being appropriated to tne Opera Houfe, no Carriage Road is 4 required m that Part of Market Lane Be it therefore enaCted,

That

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

c.m

637

That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffionerg for executing this M«ket Street Aft to flop up fo much of Market Lane as lies between Pall Mall m>.y rnad# and Charles Street, and abutting Eaft on the Opera Houfe, as a Car- on y a riage Way, and to make and pave the fame as a Way for Foot Paffengers only; and it (hall alfo be lawful for fuch Commiflioners to inclofe the fame at each End with Iron Gates, to be open at all times to the Occupiers of the Houfes on each Side of the Footway, but (hut to the Reft of the Public at fuch Hours or times as the faid laft mentioned Commiflioners (hall order and direft in that behalf ; and Union Court alfo wholly to ftop up, (hut and dofe the fmall Court called Union m*y b® tout up. Court, leading out of the Hay Market into the Opera Houfe, at or near the South End of the Opera Houfe.

XXXI.	And he it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall run, Occafiania* drive or place, or caufe to be run, driven or placed any Coach, Car- Nuifcnct*. riage or Waggon, Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wneelbarrow or any Carriage whatfoever, upon or over any of the Foot Pavements within

the Limits of this Aft, or (hall wilfully ride, drive or lead any Horfe or other Bead or Cattle, along or upon any of the faid Foot Pavements, or (hall within any Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road or Highway, or other public Paflage or Place within the Limits of this Aft, (laughter, drefs or cut up any Swine or other Beaft, or hoop, cleanfe or feald any Calk, or hew or faw any Stone, Wood or Timber, or bind or make the Wheel of any Carriage, or (hoe or bleed, drefs or farry (except in cafes of Accident) any Horfe or other Beaft, or drive any Carriage or Carriages for the Purpofe of breaking any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, or ride any Horfe, Mare or Gelding for the Purpofe of airing or exercifing the fame, or for trying or (hewing the fame for Sale in any fuch Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road,

Highway or public Paflage (otherwife than by palling through the fame), or fet, place or expofe to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, either in the Footway or Carriageways belonging or to belong to any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circufles, Terraces, Roads, or Highways or other public Paflages or Places, every Perfon fo offending in any fuch cafe (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings ; and alfo that if any Penalty. Perfon or Perfons (hall fift, fereen or (lack any Lime (except within fuch Hoard or Inclofure as hereinafter is mentioned) in any fuch Street, Square, Circus, Terrace, Road or Highway, Paffage or -Place, or caufe the fame to he fo done, he and they (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence. Penalty.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Hoard* may be herein contained (hall hinder or prevent any Perfon from erefting or cre^ed* building any Hoard or other thing by way of Inclofure, for the

Purpofe of making Mortar, or depositing Bricks or Stone, or making or working up any Lime, Sand or other Materials for making, building, altering or repairing any Houfe, Wall or other Building, within the Limits of this Aft, or lubjeft him to any* Penalty on account thereof; but fo nevertbelefs, as that every (uch Perfon (hall previoufly have and obtain a Licence for that Purpofe, under the Hand of the Surveyor to the faid Commiflioners; which Licence fuch Sur- Lictnct. veyor is hereby required forthwith to grant to any Perfon applying for the fame, and for which he (hall receive the Sum of One Shilling, Fee. and no more ; which Licence (hall fpecify the Length and Breadth of every fuch Hoard} and the time it is to continue tor fuch Purpofes

as

a 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Penalty.

Leaiing Car-riagec, *c.

Throwing Duft, &c. into the Streets. Exception.

Penalty.

CommiflGoners may remove Duft, &c. laid in Street, and charge Expences on Perfon laying the fame there

Dirt not to be fwept into any Common Sewer, or within a certain DifUnce of any Gutter or Channel.

at aforelaid; and if any Perfon (hall ere£t any Hoard or Indofure of greater Dimenfiont than (hall be fpecified in, or (hall fuffer fuch Hoard or Inclofure to remain for any longer time than (hall be allowed by fuch Licence, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any' Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day of Twenty four Hours that fuch Hoard or Inclofure, or any Part thereof, (hall be continued, after Notice (hall have been given by the Surveyor to take down and remove the fame.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage (hall be left to (land or remain in any of the Dud Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Paffages or Places, with or without Horfes, for any longer time than (hall be neceffary for the loading and unloading thereof; or if any Stage Coach, Poft Chaife, or other Carriages let to hiye, (hall be left to (Land or remain in any fuch Street, Square, Circus, Way, Court, Pafiage or Place, with or without Hones, for any longer time than (hall be reafonable and neceffary for taking up or fettmg down Paffengers, for loading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading (except for Repair in cafe of Accident) ; or if any Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot (hall (land therein in order to procure Fares or obtain Hire, or longer than (hall be reafonable and neceffary for taking up or fetting down Paffengers; or if any Horfe or other Cattle (hall be fuffered to Hand at the Door or Houfe of any Perfon, fo as to obftrudt or incommode the Paffage of any of the faid Footways; or if anv Timber, Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods or other thing, (hall be laid or placed and left to remain in any of tbe (aid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Paflag;es or Places, for any longer time than (hall be neceffary for removing or houffag the fame; or if auy Dung or Allies (except in time of Froft) or any Duff, Dirt or other Nuifance or Annoyance* (hall be thereon caff or laid iq any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Paffages or Places, and fuffered to remain for any longer time than (hall be, neceffary for removing the fame, then and in every fuch cafe the Owner or Driver of every .fuch Carriage, and the Owner of fuch Timber or other things as aforelaid, and the Perfon who (hall throw, caff or lay any Dnng, Allies, Duff, Dirt or other Nuifance or Annoyance as aforelaid, or otherwise offend in the Premifes, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and if any fuch Timber or other things, or fuch Dung, Allies, Duff, Dirt or other Nuifance or Annoyance, (hall be fuffered to remain in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or other public Paffages or Places, longer than (hall be neceffary as aforefaid, the Surveyor to be employed by the faid Commiffioners is hereby authorized and empowered to caufe the lame to be removed to fuch Place as he (hall think proper, and the Expence thereof (hall be paid by the Perfon liable to the Payment of the faid Penalty, and (hall and may, in cafe of Non Payment on Demand, be recovered in a like manner as any Penalty is hereby authorized and directed to be recovered.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That no Scavenger or other Perfon (hall fweep, rake or place, or caufe to be fwept, raked or placed, any of the Mud, Dirt, Duft, Allies, Filth or Soil, to be found iu any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes or other.pub-lic Paffages or Places, or brought therein into,any Common Sewer,

Dram

A.D. 1816.

56® GEO. III.

C. 128.

639

Drain or Tunnel thereunto belonging; but every fuch Perfon (hall place, fweep or rake the fame together, fo as to He at the Diftance of Ten Feet at the leaft from each of the Grates belonging or to be placed over fuch Common Sewers, Drains or Tunnels, and at the Diftance of Three Feet at the leaft from the Channel, where the Width of the Street, Lane or Place will admit thereof; and that no Perfon (hall ufe or employ any Cart or other Carriages, in or about the clean(ing or watering any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circufies,

Ways, Courts or other Paffages or Places, or in carrying any Dirt,

Duit, Cinders or A(hes out of the fame, unlefs the Fellies of the Wheels of fuch Cart or other Carriage (hall be of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches at the leaft ; and if any Perfon (hall offend in any of the cafes aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Penalty Moiety thereof to go and be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the faid Commifiioners.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hall begin Regulation as t# to empty any Privy, or to take or carry away any Night Soil, or N,*ht ^ bring or place any Carts for removing the fame, from any Houfe,

Place or Building, already ereded, now eroding or hereafter to be eroded, built or made within the Limits of this Ad, before the Hour of Twelve m the Night, or (hall continue to. take away the fame after the Hour of Five in the Morning, between Michaelmas and Lady Day, or after the Hour of Four in the Morning, between Lady Day and Michaelmas, and that no Perfon (hall put or call, or caufe to be put or caft, any fuch Night Soil out of any Cart, Tub or otherwife, within the Limits of this Ad; and if any Perfon (hall offend herein, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof to go Penalty, and be paid to the Informer.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons contrading Scavengers* with the faid Commiilioners for executing this Ad, for cleanfing the Duty, faid Streets, Squares, Circufies, Ways, Courts and other public Paffages or Places as aforefaid, (hall once in every Fourteen Days,

or oftener if fuch Commiffionera (hall fo dired, between the Hours of

Three in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, attend in all and

every the Streets, Squares, Chrcuffes, Ways, Courts and other public

Paflages and Places within the Limits of this Ad, and (hall give One

Day's Notice at leaft in Writing to the Surveyor to fuch Commif- Notice by Ski-

fioners, fpecifying the particular Day in every Week when they are venger toSur-

to attend in each of the faid refpedive Streets, Squares, Circufies, veyor‘

Ways, Courts, pubHc Paffages or Places, for the Purpofes afore* faid, of which tne faid Surveyor (hall in any Entry make a Book, and fuch Surveyor (hall on that Day infped the laid Streets and other Places, to fee if the Work is properly performed, and (hall make an entry thereof in the fame Book; and the Perfon fo con-trading (hall alfo, upon the Requeft of any of the Inhabitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into all trad every the Houfes and other Places where any Dirt, Duft, Cinders or Afhes (hall be depo-fited, and take and carry away the fame; and if any Perfon fo oonr trading, or any of the Perfons to be employed by him, (hall nc-gled or refufe lo to do, he (hall forfeit and pay for erery Negled Peiuky. or Refufal any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, One Moiety

whereof

6M

C.128.

56° GEO. IIL

A.D.1816.

Regulations for repairing Water Pipes.

Negle& in repairing Pipes and Pavement.

Penalty.

Notice to Surveyor to relay Parement.

And to repair Parement. Penalty. Neglecting to acquaint Contractor with Notice.

whereof (hall be paid to the Perfon complaining, and the other Moiety be applied for the Purpofes of this

XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That when and as often as any Pipe belonging or to belong to any of the Water Companies who now furnifh or (hall hereafter fumi(h any of the Inhabitants within the Limits of this A& with Water, (hall happen to burft cr be out of Repair, in any of the Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Wap, Courts, PafTages or Places within the Limits of this A&, tbe Surveyor to the faid Commiffioners for executing this A&, or any other Perfon or Perfons to be by them appointed for that Purpofe, (hall forthwith caufe the Pavement to be taken up, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water (haM or may iflue by reafos of the burfting or breaking of any fuch Pipe ; and when, upoa taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground, it (hall appear xe what Water Company fuch Pipe (hall belong, then the Surveyor of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or fuch other Perfoa or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, (hall give Notice to the Pavior of fuch laft mentioned Company, or leave the fame at his laft or ufnal Place of Abode; and tne Pavior of the Company to whom fad Pipe (hall belong is hereby required to repair or caufe to be repaired fuch Water Pipe, and to fill in the Ground over the fame, is fuch manner as the Surveyor to the faid Commiffioners for executisg this Alt for the time being (hall direct, within Two Days next after fuch Notice (hall be fo given or left as aforefaid; and in cafe the Pavior to the Company to whom fuch defe&ive Pipe (hall belong, (hall refufe or negled to amend or repair fuch Pipe, and fill in tie Ground, in fuch manner as the faid Surveyor (hall diredfc as afbre^ faid, for the Space of Two Days next after fuch Notice (hall be given or left as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the Perfon guilty of fuch Negled (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and par any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and if any Pipe (other than fuch as (hall belong to any fuch Water Company) (hall happen to break or burft in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, PafTages or Places, the Owner or Owners thereof (ball caufe the Ground to be opened, and fuch Pipe to be repaired, withia the time hereinbefore refpedively limited for fuch Purpofes, and alio (hall forthwith give Notice to the Surveyor of the faid Commiffiooeri for executing this A61, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo appointed by them as aforefaid, to relay the Pavement fo broken or taken up, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch Negled or Refufal any Sum not Exceeding Forty Shillings ; or if any Pavement (hall be broken or taken up by the Commiffioners of Sewers, or any other Perfon or Perfons, for the Purpofe of making, repairing or altering any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpofe whatfoever, the Surveyor for the time being to fuch Commiffioners of Sewers, or any other Perkin or Perfons fo breaking or taking up the faid Pavement, (hall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Paving ContraAor or Contradors, appointed or employed by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to relay or repair the Pavement fo broken or taken up as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch Negled or Refufal any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and if the (aid Surveyor to or for whom fuch Notice (hall be given or left as aforefaid (Kail negled or refufe to acquaint the Paving Contra&or or Cos traders appointed by the bid Commiffioners for executing this Ad,

yrith

56* GEO. II!.

A.D.1816.

C. 128.

641

tic

' with fuch Notice, or if fucb Contrador or Contra&ors fhall not,

' within Two Days next after fuch Notice from fuch Surveyor or ’other Perfon or Perfons refpedively, relay or repair the fame, then and in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo refpedively offending fhall for ev^ry fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and the farther Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Penalty.

Day fuch Pavement (hall continue without being relaid or repaired, after the Expiration of the faid Two Days.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Pave- Pavement taken ment of any of the faid Streets, Squares, Chrcufles, Paflaget, Way*, for r£PairinC Courts or Places fhall be taken up for the Purpofe of laying, altering be^kj.Pe*’l° or repairing any Water Pipe or Plug, the faid Pavement fhall with

all convenient Speed be reiaid and repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contrading with ot employed by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Adi; and the Expence, of talcing up, relaying and repairing fuch Pavement, (hall he borne and paicf by the Company or Companies, Perfon of Perfons to whom fuch Pipe- or PI tig fhall belong; but if for the Purpofe* of this A61 it fhall at any time be found neceffary to rife, fink or qtherwife alter the Pofitfcm of any of the Pipes or Plugs land down Or placed by any of the faid Companies, or to alter any Sewers, Drains, Gully Holes or Grates, within the limits of this Adi, the fame fhall be done with as little* Detriment or Inconvenience to the Company or Companies, Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall belong, as the Circumftances of the cafe wifi admit of ; and the Expence thereof fhall bfe defrayed by thf faid lafl mentioned Commiffioners, out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Ad.	'*

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That the, Perfon or Perfons Pavior* and who now is or are, or fhall hereafter be appointed Pavior or Paviors^

Turncock or Turncocks to the faid refpedive Water Companies f^ir Abodes go within the Limits of this Ad, fhall and they are hereby required, Survey**, within the Space of Forty Days after the paffing of this Ad, or

within the Space of Seven Days next after ne or they fhall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks to luch Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, for the time being, or to fuch other Perfon or Petfons as fhall be by them appointed for that Purpofe, which Notice fhall contain the Name and Place of Abode of every fuch Pavior or Turncock, as alfo to what Company he is a Pavior or Turncock and in what Diftri&'he has the Care of the Pipes belonging to fuch Company or Companies; and Surveyors to in.like manner the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being to the 8"? of faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad fhall, within the refpedive paev'for|lnd”fto times aforefaid, give Notice to the refpedive Paviors or Turncocks Abode* of Con-of the faid feveral Water Companies, and alfo to the Surveyor or tratfor*. -Surveyors to the Commiffioners of Sewers, of, his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and likewife of the Names and Places of Abode of fuch Paving Contrador or Contradors, or Perfon or. Perfons em* ployed as Pavior or Paviors by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad; and every Perfon negleding or.refufmg to give fuch Notice as aforefaid, within the time* before refpedively Specified, fhall * rfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Penalty, offence.

56 Geo* III.	Tt	:

XL. And



Damages to be affefled, in cafe of D'dkgree-ments, by a Jury.

Sheriff, &c. empowered to ad-minifter Oaths.

Witnefles examined on Oath,

C.128.

56° GEO. III.

A.tti(sj

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Comniffiaa Pavement, Veftrymen, Truftees, Owners, Proprietors, 0co| Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Femes Coaert, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Pavement, Rads, 0 Lamp Potts or other Materials, or in any Ground or Herein which the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft are hereby powered to purchafe, take and ufe for the Purpofea of tb»j (hall negleft or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the An or by reafon of Abfence or Diiability (hall be prevented froasfl with the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or theirAj for the Sale and Difpofal thereof; or if fuch Proprietor or Fa tors, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, cannot be found orb or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Prenfoi be purchafed, or to the Intereft, he, (he or they dull rtfprf claim therein, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioom, tri Perfons entitled to be compensated for any fuch Lob or Da as aforefaid, (hall not agree with the Commiffioners for ex<

Aft in regard thereto, then and in every or any fuch cafe, dr of the faid County of Mtddlefex, or his Under Shcrif, or Ar Bailiff of the City and Liberty of	or	bn

the cafe may be; or in cafe (uch Sheriff or Under SI Bailiff or his Deputy, (hall be anyways interefted is the queftion, then fome of the Coroners of the faid Camtft * & refted therein, (hall, upon the Warrant of the {aiCoodCMi for executing this Aft, to be iffued in the mannerteoafer** tioned, and he and they is and are hereby required uidtaM to caufe it to be inquired into and afeertaraed, upostkMrth Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of iMfc* City and Liberty of Wejlminfler, (which Oaths the der Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, ii empowered and required to adminifter,) what Recompeoeeiritf faftion ought to be made to fuch Commiffioners of Piveaat,Vtfcp men, Truftees, Owners, Occupiers or other Perfostffcfcl interefted therein, for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid,«« Value of fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pofti woderll terials, Piece or Pieces of Ground or Hereditament!, id dm proportionable Value of the refoeftive Eftates and Interefb of; Penon or Perfons feifed or pofleffed thereof, or interefted of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and (hall affeft and awed Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Conunifionm of A ment, Veftrymen, Truftees or other Perfon or Perfow refp^ for fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, for the Purchafe of refpeftive Rights, Eftates and Interefts therein; and m thereto, the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Dep*f f Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required frow time, as occafion (hall require, to futftmon and call befefftk#* Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Pctfr,*^i foever, who (hall be thought neceffary and proper to be as a Witnefa or Witneffes, touching or concerning the (which Oath the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Hi or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) \ Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or (kroner (hall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Materalior queftion, if there be occafion, and ufe all other lawfcl *1'*

•	#	0t0>

A.D. 1816.	56°	GEO. IIL	C. 128.

XLI* And be it further enaded, That the bid Commiffionert for putting this Adi in Execution may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to appoint fuch Number of Watchmen and Patroke, to be employed within the Limits of this Ad, for fo long time in the Night, under fuch Regulations and for fuch Wages, as they (hall think proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons and Clothing, for the Difcharge of their Duty ; and if any Watchman or Patrole appointed as aforefaid (hall refute or negled to perform his Duty, or (hall in anvwife mifbehave himfclf in the Execution of his Office, he (hall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuch Offence.

XLIL And be it further enaded, That the Watchmen to be appointed as aforefaid (hall, during the time of their being upon Duty, ufo their utmoft Endeavours to prevent any Mifchiet by Fire, and alfo any Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays or other Outrages and Dif-orders, within the Limits of this Ad ; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid' Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby refped-ively authorized and required, while on Duty, to apprehend and fe-fecure all Malefadors, Rogues, Vagabonds and other disorderly Perfons, within the Limits of this Ad, who (hall diftnrb the public' Peace, or whom they (hall have caufe to fufped of any evil Defigns, and to Secure and keep m Safe Cuftody every fuch Perfon, in oraer that he or (he may be conveyed as foon as conveniently may be, before Some Juft ice of the Peace for the County of Midjkfex or City of Wefhmnfiertio be examined and dealt with according to Law; and if any Vidualler or Keeper of any Public Houfc mall knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the Limits of this Ad, or permit or fuffer any Watchman to be and remain fo his Houfe during any Part of the time appointed for his being on Duty, every fuch Vidualler or Keeper of every fuch Public Houfe (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any 8um not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. And for railing Money to enable the faid Commiflioners appointed and to be appointed by virtue of this Ad to carry the feveral Purpofes of this Ad into Execution ; be it further enaded, That one or more Rate or Rates, Afieffment or Affeffments, (hall for the Purpofe of paving, cjeanfing, lighting, watering and watching the faid Streets, Squares, Cfocuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Paffages and Places, which (hall be within the Limits of the Jtirif-didion of the Commiffioners under this Ad, and for carrying the feveral Purpofes of this Ad in relation thereto into Execution, (hall be laid, rated and afleffed by the faid laft mentioned Commifiioners once in eveiy Year if they (hall judge it needful, upon all and every Perfons and Perfon who do or (hall inhabit, hold or occupy any Land, Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe, Coach Houfe, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building or Tenement, m any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Court# and other public Paffages and Places, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fuch Commiflioners (hall order and dired, and that one or more Rate or Rates, Afieffment or Afleff-znents, (hall for the Purpofe of forming, making, enclofing, planting, ornamenting and embelliflring the Centres or Areas of the faid Squares and Ciroufles, be fo like manner laid, rated and affeffed, upon all and every Perfons and Perfon who (ball inhabit, hold or occupy any Houfe and Building ended and built, or to be erected and

T t 2	built.

643

Watchmen to be appointed.

Negleft of Duty,

Penalty

Duty of Watchmen.

Vi&uatters harbouring Watchmen.

Penalty.

Rates to be laid

on Houfcs, &c.

644

C.128.

A.D.1816.

Rates.

Stables, toe. haw rated.

How the yearly Value of Houfes, &c. is to be af-cetuined.

Commencement of Rates.

56° GEO. III.

built, andencompafling the (aid Squares and Circufles, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners (hall order or direct, but fo neverthelefs as that fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or AfiefT-ments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the fevers! Sums of Money next hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay) for paving* repairing, clean dog, watching and lighting the {aid feveral Streets, i Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Pafiages and | Places, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the	|

yearly Rent or Value of fuch Houfes, Shops, Warehoufea, Coach	I

Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenements, which are or {hall be fltuate within the Limits of this A& $ and for watering fuch Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Pafiages and Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of fuch Houfes and Buildings as are or {hall be ere&ed and built in or about fuch Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places which (hall from time to time be watered in purfuance of the Directions of this A&, and for forming, making, endofing, ornamenting and embellifhing the Centres, Areas or Middr Spaces of the faid Squares and Circufles which fliall be' laid out and made within the Limits of this A&, and for fupporting and maintaining the lame, after the Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of fuch Houfes and Buildings as are or {hall be ere&ed in fuch refpe&ive Squares, Circufles or Places; in the making of which faid feveral Rates or AfTeflments, the Stables, Coach Houfes, Ere&ions and other Buildings, which (hall belong to or be refpe&ively held and occupied with any of the Houfes ere&ed or to be ere&ed or fltuate in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Pafiages and Places, (hall be refpe&ively rated together and along with fuch Houfes, and not as feparate Buildings; and that the faid Commiifion-. ers (hall caufe feparate and diftin& Accounts to be kept of the Produce of the faid refpe&ive Rates and Afleffments, and the Application of the fame refpe&ively.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed. That the Annual Value of all fuch Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenements, fo to be refpe&ively rated and affeffed as aforefaid, (ball be fettled and ascertained according to the real Rack Rent or full yearly Value thereof; and the Firft Year, for which fuch Rates or Afleffments as aforefaid fhall be made, (hall commence for or in refpe& of fuch Houfes or other Buildings as now are, or (hall be then ere&ed, built and tiled, dated or covered in, within the Limits of this A&, and paved in Front thereof, from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen $ and for and in refpe& of all fuch Houfes or Buildings hereafter to be ere&ed or built within the Limits of this A&, which (hall not be tiled, flated or covered in, sad paved in Front thereof as aforefaid on the faid Twenty fourth Day of Juntf fliall commence from the next Quarter Day after the feme fhall be fo tiled, fluted or covered in, and the Pavements made in Front thereof as aforefaid ; and the Money fo rated and affeffed, under or in purfuance of this A&, fhall from time to time be paid to the Colle&ors to be appointed a8 aforefaid, at fuch time and times in every Year, and in fuch manner as the Arid Commiffioners for executing this A& fliall order and re&, and Audi be paid over by fuch Colle&ors into tike Hands of the Treafurcr to the find Commiffioners.

XLV. Pro-

56° GEO. III.

C. 128'

tCafe noCofts, Charges or Expences, (hall be allowed to either No CoAs. f m agaunit the other; and all Coils, Charges and Expences Co(h dire£ed ** tifire6lcd to be paid to the faid Commiffioners for executing be paid to Com-id, (hall and may be deduHed and retained by them out of the miflioner* to bo y to adjudged or affeffed to be paid by them, as fo much Money r«tJ,,n€<l red to and for the Ufe of the Perfon and Perfons entitled to M^eyaffoflM •looey fo adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder to them; i Money (hall be deeme d and taken to be a Payment or Tender r whole Sum or Sums fo adjudged or aflefled; or in cafe no or if in Money f, or no fufficient Sum of Money (hall be awarded or afleiTed awarded thetn^ pud by the faid Commiffioners, whereout fuch Coils, Charges r*cov*r.e(l m Lxpences can be deduced, then the fame (hall and may be re- Pena t,ei* td fay fuch Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the may of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this A 61 impofed or fixed to be impofed.

Til. And be it further ena&ed, That all the faid Judgments Verdida to be Vrdicfcs (hall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His recorded, ly** Land Revenue anting in the County of Middlefex ; and a te or Docket thereof (hall be entered and preferved in the Office a Commiffioners of His Majefly's Woods, Fore (Is and Land met; and all fuch Judgments and Verdi&s (hall be afterwards fifed with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid County of Mid-c, to be kept and preferved by him amongfl the Records of the ter Seffions of the faid County, and (hall be deemed to be Re-to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and the fame, or true e* thereof, (hall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts {Soever ; and all Perfons (ball have Liberty to infpeH the fame, mg for Inch InfpeHion the Sum df One Shilling, and to take |tes thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every * hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of mb.

CVIII. And be it further ena6ted, That upon Payment or Tender Power to enter be Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which and take Poflef-1 he agreed for, awarded or afleiTed as aforefaid, to the Parties Ifcrfoos refpeHively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, Treafurer payment or Efteafurers, the faid Commiffioners of Pavement, Veilrymen, Tender of Pur-jfiees or other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or chafe Money, frgiate, interefled in fuch Pavement, Rails, Gates, Lamp Pods tother Materials, Ground and Hereditaments, (hall from tbence-h be divefted of all Rights Title, Claim,. Intereft and Property rein or thereunto, and the fame fhall thenceforth be veiled in the 1 Commiffioners for executing this Alt, who fhall be deemed in w to be in the altual Seifin and Pofleffion thereof, to all Intents 1 Purpofes, freed and difeharged from all former and other Eftates,

'hts, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands, and the fame (hall I may be at any time thereafter made ufe of and employed accord-; to the Dire&ions of the faid Commiffioners for executing this 3k, for any of the Purpofes of this AH, and under the Regulations Ton contained.

XIX. And be it further enaHed, That the Property of and in all Property of e Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways, and alfo the Ballail Pa,rem.em,» **» Gravel to be brought or laid m the faid feveral Streets, Squares, rcuffes. Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and Places, already m °Der*’ hereafter to be fet out or made within the Limits aforefaid, and S s 3	of

C.128.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.1816

Rates of Houfes let to Ambaf-fadors, &c. to be paid by Landlord.

Leffee fubjeft to Rates of Houfes let to Lodgers.

Receipt to Landlord dif-charge to T enant.

Houfes partly within and partly without the Limits of Aft.

Houfes rated under this A it, not ffaMe to like Rates under other Aft*.

Space of Ground, (hall be paid by the Chapelwardens, Truftee* or Owners or Proprietors thereof relpedively ; but fo, nevertbelcfs, as that no Rate or Affeffraent (hall by virtue of this Ad be laid upon, or collected or received for or in refped of any Wall or void Space of Ground, unlefs the fame (hall abut upon or front fome Street, Lane or Place, to be paved, clean fed or lighted as afarefaid.

XLVII. And be it further enaded, That (every Rate or ment which (hall be laid or affefled by virtue of this Ad, for or in re-fped of any Houfe, Building, Coach Houfe, Stable or Tenement, which any Ambafladors, Refident Agent, or other public Minifter, of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any fuch Arnbaf-fador, Refident Agent,.or other public Minifter, or any other Per-fon not liable by Law to pay fuch Rate or AlTefTment, (hall hereafter inhabit, (hall be paid by ana recoverable from the Landlord or Pro-

?ietor of every fuch Houfe, Building, Coach Houfe, Stable or enement, who (hall for that Purpole be deemed the Occupier thereof.

XLVIIL And be it further enaded, That the Leffee, Landlord or Owner of every Houfe, within the Limits of this Ad, which is or (hall or may be let out ready furniflted to a Lodger or Lodgers, (hall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and (haul be liable and fubjed to the Rates or Affeflments dire died by this Ad to be made, raifed and levied, according to the yearly Value of the Premifes, and that every Perfon renting or occupying any fuch ready furnifhed Houfe as aforefaid (hall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the (aid Rates or Afleflments, to be recovered in manner herein directed ; but fuch Perfon fo renting or occupying any fuch ready furnifhed Houfe as aforefaid (hall not be liable and compilable to the Payment of the faid Rates or Afleffinents beyood the Kent a&ually1 due by him or her in refped of the faid Premies, and tliat every fuch refpedive Occupier or Occupiers who (hall pay amy fuch Rate or Afleffment, or from whom the dune (hall be recovered in purfuance of this Ad, (hall and may dedud the fame from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him, her or them, to fuch refpedive Leffee or Landlord, or Owner, and the Receipt .for fuch Payment (hall be a fufficient Difcharge for fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her or their refpedive Landlord, for fo much Money as he, (he or they (hall pay, or (hall be levied on him, her or them by virtue of this Ad.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Houfe or Premifes (hall be (ituate partly within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the Commiffioners under this Ad> and partly in any Street or Place not within fuch Limits, fuch Heudr or premifes (hall he afTefTed to the Rates to he raifed by virtue of this Ad, far s proportionable Part only of the Rent thereof j and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commii&oners for executing this Ad, orfany Perfon appointed by them at fome Meeting to be holden for that rurpofe, and they or he are or is hereby refpedively authorized and required to apportion and fettle at how much and what Part of the Rent of fuch Houfe and Premifes the fame (hall be affefled. v

L. And be it further enaded. That no Land, Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe, Coach Houfe, Stable* Cellar, Vault, Building, Tene. meat or Premifes, of any Sort, Kind or Dcfcriptien whatever, within

the

A.D.1814

50* GEO. III.

G. K0;



the Limit! of the JurifdiHiort of the GfitfciAiffidners under this Alt; and the Occupier or Owner whereof fhall be rated and affefftd iti refpeH thereof by the laid Coirrmiffioners, under the Pfbvifibfis of this AH, fhall after the finking of fach Rate be liable to atrjr Rate of AfTefTment for the like Pufpofe, ahdrr atiy other AH of A€ft of Parliament} any thing ih any Alt or Alts of Parliament to the con* trary notwithftandiftg.

LI. And for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates of AffefTments to be made by virtue of this Alt, be it further enafted.

That if any Perfofi or Perfons Hahle to pay any of the faid Rates Artestf rf or Affeffment* (hall refufe or neglelt to pay the Money rated of Rltfc^7rwW afle fifed upon him, her or them, and all Arrears due thereon ; of if recovercdr any Perfon or Perfons liable to pay a try of the faid Rates oi1 AflfcfT-ments (hall at any time begin to remove his, her or their Goods of Furniture from the Houfe or Premifes in his, her or their Occupation within the Limits of this Alt, or to fell or difpofe of fuch GOtxh of Furniture therein by Public AuHion, or fell, difpofe of or ca/ty away his, her or their Goods or Furniture as aforefaid, without paying all Arrears then due or rated in refpeH of fuch Houfe, (in Whilfr the current Quarter (hall be confidered as due,) that then and ki eveTy of the faid cafes, it (hall be lawful for the ColIeHor for the time bring to the faid Commifiioners for executing this AH to c6HeH* and levy fnch Rates or Afieflments, and all Arrean due thereon,* and the Rate or Affeffment for fuch Quarter wherein fuch RemOyafr or Sale fhaU begin to be made as aforefaid, although previous to the time for Payment of the Rate or Afleflment for fuch Quarter^ bf Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County of Middlifix or City of W*Jlmnfier9 by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goodv and* DiJbtft. Chattels of the Party fo negleding or refufing. Or beginning to'remove, take away, or fell any fuch Goods or Furniture as aforefaid f and if within Five Days next after fuch Diftrefs (hall be made, the faid Rates or Afieflments, and all ArfeaVs due thereon, together with the returnable Charges of taking and keeping the faid Diftrefs, fhall not be paid, the faia ColIeHor (hall caufe the faid Goods and*

Chattels to be appraifed and fold, or fuch Part thereof as fhall be fufficient to pay luch Rates or Afieflments, together with all Arrears4 due thereon, and the reafonable Charges of making fuch Diftrefs, and of keeping and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to4 the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpeHivriy.

LIL Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That it (hall be Commtffioner* lawful for the faid Commifiioners for executing this AH, if they (hfclT bring Ac* think it more expedient, to bring or caufe to be brought, in th£ ti6“fgi ***** Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, or of any One of them the laid laft mentioned Commifiioners, any AH ion or AHions of Debt, or Special AHion on the cafe, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wtfmmjtir* for all or any of the Rates or Afieflments fo to bd made by virtue of this AH as aforefaid, in which AHion or AHions it (hall be fufficient for the Plaintiff to declare, that the Defendant is. indebted to the Plaintiff in fuch Sum of Money as the Plaintiff (hall. fuppofe to be due; and if the Plaintiff (hall recover fuch Sum fo declared for, or any Part thereof, he fhall have full Coils, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered \ in which AHion or AHions no Effoiga,

T t 4	ProteHion

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

632

A.DJS

Commiffioners may contract for performing Work*.

Comfhidjoncrs may employ Surveyors, and fue and com pound for Breach of Com rads.

they (hall think necefTary, and from time to time to alter and reps* fame, as there (hall be Occafion, and to defraiy the Expencet tfcf out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad; proTukd I no fuch Well or Pump (hall be funk or made fo as to injure! Houfe or other Building in, or any Vault or Cellar under any of | faid Streets, Squares, Circudes, Terraces or other public Magfl Places.	*

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid ComsuM

for executing this Ad (hall and may, and they are hereby aottafl and empowered from time to time, at any of their faid Meml Occafion (hall require, to contract and agree with any fit Poesfl Perfons for doing and performing all or any of the Works bytM authorized or dire&ed to be done and performed by thecn, or fupplying any of the Materials for the fame, for or watering the! Streets, Squares, Circudes, Ways, Courts, Paffages or PluM any of them, which Contrad or Contracts (hall fpedfy tbe tta Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for tbe fane, d A time or times when the fame Works (hall be completed, dt Penalties to be fuffered in cafe of Non Performance thereof, id M be iigfted by Two or more of the faid Commifiiooen foraeatij this Ad, and alfo by the Perfon or Perfons contracting to petal fuch Works refpedively, which Contractor Contrad*oraCoff* Copies thereof, (hall be entered in a Book to be kept fir ikhb pofe by the Clerk to the faid Commiifioners; but pnion to ill making of any fuch Contract, Fourteen Days’Nods*tklal (hall be given in One or more of the public Newfpapenpdfitah London or Wejiminjlcr) exp reding the Intention of entemgkoMt Con trad, in order that any Perfon or Perfons willing to mfatdi the fame may make Propofals for that Purpofe, to be oM ail prefented to the faid Commiifioners at a certain ttmettdPkti fuch Notice to be mentioned* •	,

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Cotatan | for executing this Ad (hall caufe all and every the Works tobtta in purfuance of this Ad to be infpeded by their Surveyor otta*I veyors, or by fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (lull for dal Purpofe appoint; and in cafe the fame (hall not be vdl at fufficiently performed, according to the Terms, Intent and Mata of fuch Contrad or Contrads, or (hall not be finished and compieW at or within the time or times fpecified in fuch Contrad orCoBtn&J then the faid Commidioners for executing this Ad mar esufi w Adion to be brought in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record<i Wcjlminjler, againft any fuch Contrador, for any Penalty ronrata in his Contrad ; and on Proof of the figning of the (aid Costnd or Contrads, and of the Non Performance tnereof at the time or times for that Purpofe to be therein mentioned, the faid ComeSam for executing this Ad (hall be entitled to and (hall recover the (bl Penalty contained in any fuch Contrad, which, when ncmi (hall be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad: Provided alwxys,thst it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiifioners, if they (hall think ill, to compound and agree with any Contrador, for any Peoa/ty mcarmf by him for the Breach or Non Performance of any fuch Coctrad, for fuch Sum of Money as they the faid Commiffionen (hall think proper, not being lefs than the Injury or Damage fufUined by the

56° GEO. IIL

C. 128,

649

Purchafe of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payble during the natural Life of every fuch Contributor, or the natural Life of every fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall be nominated by or on the Behalf of fuch Contributor, at the time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchafe Money; fo that no fuch feparatc Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year.

LVI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners for Commiffionsrs executing this Ad (hall caufe a Bond or Note, or other Security, csufe under the Hands and Seals of Three or more of them, to be delivered	m ba

to every Perfon advancing any Part of the faid Monies for Payment g^n fa piy. of fuch Annuities in refpeft thereof; which Bonds, Notes or other inept of Annui-Securities, (hall be ailignable by Indorfement; and which faid feveral ties.

Annuities fo to be purchased (hall be and are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid out of the Rates or Affeffments hereinbefore mentioned, and (hall be made payable and paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of fuch Contributors refpeftively, or the natural Life or Lives of fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be nominated by fuch refpeftive Contributors, and a proportional Part of fucn Annuity (hall be paid from the laft Quarter Day of Payment preceding the Death of the Annuitant, or his ce/Iui que vie, up to the Day of his Deceafe.

LVI I. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Commiffiooen to and for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, and they msy grant Bonds are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to grant ?lheir Clcrk °* unto their Chief Clerk or Secretary for the time being, any Bond or acUry* Bonds, under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, each Bond to be conditioned for the Payment of the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which Bonds (hall be likewife charged upon and paid out of the Rates and Affeffments to be made by virtue of this Aft for the Purpofes aforefaid, and the Monies to be raifed by Means thereof, with Intereft for the fame, after the Rate of Five Founds ter Centum per Annum.

LVlII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be law. P<wer to fell ful to and for fufch Chief Clerk or Secretary for the time being, by fuch Bo,K,,• and with the Direftion of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to make fale and difpofe of all and every or any fuch Bond or Bonds fo to be granted to fuch Chief Clerk or Secretary as aforefaid, either by Public Sale or Private Contraft, unto any Perfon or Perfons, for • the beft Price or. Prices in Money that can be* reafonably had or obtained for the fame, and to apply the Money thence arifing for or towards the carrying this’ Aft into Execution: .Provided always, Commiffioners that nothing herein contained (hall be deemed, conftrued, taken or P*rfow*ll7 extend to make the faid Commiffioners who (hall fign, execute or give * ** any of the Bonds, Alignments or other Securities, fo hereby autho-; rized or’direfted to be given, perfonally or their refpeftive Eftates, i Lands or Tenements, Goods and Chattels, liable to the Payment of . any of the Monies fo to be borrowed, or Annuities fo to be granted, i in purfuance of this Aft, by reafon of their giving or executing any fuch Bonds, Alignments or other Securities as aforefaid: Provided Money bonw-neverthelefs, that no greater Sum in the Whole than Sixty thoufand t®exccei , Pounds (hall be raifed by Loan or Mortgage, or by the Sale, or 00,000 , granting of any fuch Bonds or Annuities as aforefaid, for any of

the

654

C. 128.

56° GEO. IIL

Provifo for Owners of Dud removing it.

Houfe holders making G>m plaint of defective Pavement or Lighting, Surveyor to view ir, and if defective to give Notice to Contractor.

Pavior neglecting to repair Pavement.

Penalty.

For preventing Encroachments by Signs, Gutters, &c.

Notice to remove Signs, Jkc.

AH

Penalties be fooner paid and fatisfied: Provided nevertheli nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to prevent or hi* Owner or Owners of fuch Dud, Dirt, Cinders or Aihei carrying awaj the fame for his, her or their own life, to he to any Manufactory of any fuch Owner or Owners, ortothed of any Ground occupied by him, her or them.

• XXVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Houfeboldt the Limits of this ACt (hall by Writing under his or her Ha left at the ufual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or lofpedor time being to the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft Complaint of any Defed of lighting or deanfing, or Want si in the Pavement, in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Circuit* Courts or other public Paflages or Places, the (aid Surveyor fpeCtor in every fuch cafe (hall inquire into and examine the M Complaint and Report thereupon to fuch CommiffiQocn at th Meeting; and if by fuch Report it (hall appear that the ft complained of is bad and defedivc, unlefs it (ball arife hroma relating to the Water Pipes lying under fuch Pavement, tki mentioned Commiffioners (hall give N *tice to their Cotioi Pavior to repair the fame within fuch time as the fame Comal (hall judge neceflary, which time (hall be fpecified in fuch Onkj if the Contractor or Pavior to whom fuch Order (hall be jiw not repair and amend fuch Pavement within the timeMdfr Order, he (hall in every fuch cafe forfeit and pay « Son so ceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that the faii£fcli*J ment (hall remain unrepaired after the time limited^ ltd0 and One Moiety of every fuch Penalty (hall be paid totkltol fo making Complaint, and the other Moiety (hall be paid to A| Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to be applied by them tj Purpofes of this Ad; and if it (hall appear by fitch deport til Contract for cleaning or lighting (hall not be duly perfemed faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad (hall ftsttab Directions for recovering the Penalty under fuch CoutratL XXVII. And be it further enaCted, That all Signs, Sip Gutters and Screens, which now are, or at any time hereafter! placed againft any of the Houfes or other Buildings now creek ereCtiog, or hereafter to be ereCted or built within the fevenlS Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts and other public Paflages and aforefaid, (hall be fixed clofe to the Fronts of the Houles, Warehoufes and Buildings to which they (hall refpediveiy hi and not otherwife, and that the refpedive Occupiers of aiy Houfes or other Buildings as aforefaid, (hall at their ova Ckfl within fuch time and in luch manner as the faid Comniflioom » from time to time, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of a Three or more of them (to be delivered to fuch refpedive Occy*” or left at their refpedive Dwelling Houfes) order sad dired cttf< all Signs which may belong to and (hall not be fixed orpkdup* fuch refpedive Houfes or other Buildings in manner iforoai,^ taken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, «Atl Signs, Irons, Sign Pods and other Pofts, Pent Houfes, Satan Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows and Cellar Windows and other It croachments, Obftrudkms, Proiedions and Annoyances which na hereafter be made by any fuch Occupiers or other rafoni, in, opt or near, or attached to any fuch refpedive Houfes or other

K1816.	56° GEO. HI.	C.	128.	*S6

nrf to the Meaning of this Ad, to be removed, altered or nrd, and alfo to caufe the Water to be conveyed from the 6, Cornices and Pent Houfes which belong to fuch rdpedive or other Buildings, by proper and fufficient Pipes or Trunks, lifnxed to the Sides of fucli Houfes and other Buildings refped-, and from thence by proper Drains into the Common Drains rvr.rs? and in cafe any fuch Occupier (hall negled or refufe Co Occupier re->, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for executing this fifing, to caufe the fame to be done; and if fuch Occupier (hall refufe Coftt levied by ay the Coils and Charges attending the fame, the faid lait Diftreft.

Doned Commiffioners fhall caufe fuch Coils and Charges to be dby Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Oc-Wr, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juilice of the cefor the County of MiddUfexf (which Warrant fuch Juilice is by required and authorized to grant,) rendering the Overplus any) when demanded, to the Perfon whofe Goods and Chattels be fo di drained and fold; and if the Tenant in PoiTeffion of (uch Houfe or other Building (hall remove, alter or reform any i Encroachments, Obftru&ions, Projections or Annoyanceb as reflid, according to the Directions of the fame Commiffioners xept fuch as fhall be put up or occafioned by fuch Tenant) it 11 be lawful for every fuch Tenant to dedud and retain the Charges Expences thereof otft of his or her Rent, and the Landlord of y fuch Houfe or other Building is hereby required to allow the e accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Stopping up Cel-.1 extend to authorize the faid Commiffioners to (lop up any I** Windows by liar Window where there fhall be no other Way from the Street Commiffloiisfs. otittr public Paffage or Place into fuch Cellar, unlefs the faid Com-iffioners (hall make or provide fome other commodious Way into ch Cellar; and in cafe the Pallifado, Fence or Railing for yarning the Area of any Houfe or other Building from the Way Paffage (hall be broken down or out of Repair, and the Owner or	v

:cuptcr of fuch Houfe or other Building fhall not forthwith (being ereuoto required by Writing, (igned by the Surveyor or Clerk or e faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad for the time being)

: op, amend or repair fuch Pallifado, Fence or Railing, it (hall be rful for the faid lad mentioned Commiffioners from time to time to afe the fame to be fet up, amended and repaired or altered, in fuch nner as they '(hall judge neceiTary, and levy the Charges and Ex-ices attending the fame upon or from the Owner or Occupier of Ty fuch Houle or other Building by Diilrefs and Sale, in like inner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Ad authorized to be fied.

* XXVIII* And Whereas it may be expedient that Porticos,

Arcades, Colonades or other coverea Ways, (hould be allowed to rxtend over the Footways of fome of the faid Streets, Squares, wircufles. Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places, and that Bow Win-lows, Shop Windows, Alcoves, Balconies and other ornamental Projections (hould be allowed to be advanced to the Fronts of the Areas, provided fuch Porticos, Colonades, Arcades or other corered Ways, Bow Windows, Alcoves, Balconies or other ornamental Projediohs, be made of Brick, Stone, Metal or other incom~ ba table Materials j’ Be it therefore further enaded. That it (hall Commiffioners lawful for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad to ^ithp- allow Por-

rize ticos, Colonades,

636

C.1S8.

56* GEO. IIL

A.D.1SB

Ice. to pnjeft over Footways ooder certain Regulations.

Commrifiooert may authorise Projedions, Vinndasy&c

rise and permit the building or eroding and making of aoyPari| Arcades and other covered Ways, projeding from any Braking Houfes, which fhall or may be built on tl\e Sides of the Hud I Streets, Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paffagcs or Phasi tending over any Footways of the faid Streets, Squares, Circa Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places, provided the fame do notoba or incommode ,the Foot Paflengers, and that the Footways uodn fame be at leaft Nine Feet broad in the Clear between the Com Piers or other Supports of fuch Porticos, Colonades, Aron other covered Ways, in the new Street leading burn Pal! Mi1 the New Road, and Six Feet broad at the leaft in tbe other fafl Squares, CircuiTes, Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places, and therm of the Areas of the Houfes or other Buddings before which tkhj are placed; and provided fuch Colonades, Arcades, Portias4 covered Ways, be built of Stone, Brick or Metal, or Stmsd Cement laid on Brick or Stone, except the Joifts and Beam 43 form the Covering over the faid Footpath, which may beoffffcl covered with Planer or Stucco or other uninflammable CornpaMm and fo as that all fuch Porticos, Colonades, Arcades and otheroasrf Ways, (hall be made in fuch manner, and upon facb Phut, atf fuch Dimenfions, as (hall be ordered and direded or authorised ai allowed by the faid Commiflioners in that behalf; anftfaghay Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Houfes or a tk Cities of London or Wefimtnfier to the contrary notvt4a4w.

XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, TktMW lawful for the faid Commiflioners for executing this AfttoadnW and permit the eroding or making, or continuing or [ilengb 1 remain, the Fronts of any Houfes or Buildings in the tndSw^ Squares, Circufles, Ways, Courts, Paflages and Places, is kfc j manner as that fome Fronts may recede behind or advance Wat others, and with Bow Windows or other Projedkras, td id Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilafters, Columns and Shop , or other Projedions ; provided that no Front of any fuch Hrita Building, or any fuch Viranda, Alcove, Balcony, Pilafter, Cbtaat j Shop Window, or other Projedions, advance beyond tbe Area of tk | Houfe or Building to which it fhall belong, and that tbe fame be bak of Stone, Brick, Metal or Stucco, or other Cement laid oaM or Stone, except Shop Windows, with their Shutten tod Ik corations, which may be of Wood ; any thing in any Ad or Acbrf Parliament relating to Buildings or Houfes, or Bow Window, or other Projedions to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 XXX. And Whereas the Avenues to and from tie 4 Houfe, and the Accommodation of the Public reforting the**

*	will be greatly improved, if the whole of the faid Building is fur*

4 rounded with a Stone or Iron Colonade, extending over tie ft*

*	paths in Pall Mallf Charles Street, the Hay Market and tak 4 Lane ; to effed which it will be neceflary to flop up lo jsk& of'

4 Market Lane as extends from Pall Mall to Charles Sint* a t

*	Street or Way for Carriages, and to convert it into »optu 4 Arcade or covered Way s And Whereas the whole of tWHowr 4 on the Weft Side of tnat Part of Market Lane required to be 4 flopped up being already taken down, and the Eaft Side tbcrw!

4 being appropriated to the Opera Houfe, no Carriage Road 1 4 required in that Part of Manet Lane ;* Be it therefore aided,

Tbit

653

always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fach Aftion, as the cafe fliall be.

LXVIII. And, for the more eafyand fpeedy Con rift ion of Of- Conviftlon. fenders again ft this Aft, be it further enafted, That every Juft ice of the Peace, before whom any Perfons (hall be convifted of any Offence againft this Aft, (hall and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any other Form to the fame Effeft, as the cafe (hall happen; that is to fay,

“D E it remembered, That on	Form of Cob-

* [/fme of ConviffionJ at [ Place of Convifiion] A* B• T“*ion#

* [Name of Offender] of [ Addition of Offender ] was duly convifted 4 before me [or, ns] [Name and Style of convifiing Juftiee or Jvf € /ire/] for that the faid A. B. [Name of Offender] on [time of 4 committing Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [here € fate the Offence againft the A8 according to the Fa8] contrary to

*	the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign

*	of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth 4 the Title of this A8j and I, or We, do therefore declare and ad-

*	judge, that the faid A. B. [Name of Offender] has forfeited for 4 the fame Offence, the Sum of [Fine] or, (hall be committed to 4 [Place of Imprifonment] for the Space of [time of Imprifonment.l 4 Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals]

*	the Day and Year firft above written.*

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Appeal to Com-Perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any fuch Rate or miffioaen, Affeffment as aforefaid, which (hall be made in purfuance of this Aft> be or (he having firft paid the faid Rate or Affeffment, may appeal to the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft, at their next Meeting to be holden after the Payment of fuch Rate or Affeffment; and fuch Commiflioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they (hall think fuch Perfons aggrieved, to give fuch Relief in the Premifes as to them (hall feem reafonable; and if any fuch Perfon and to Quarter fliall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners Seffioni. therein, or if any Perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any other matter or thing to be done in purfuance of this Aft as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juftices at any General or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace, to be holden for the County,

City, or Liberty, where the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen,

within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint

fhali have arifen, ftrch Appellant firft giving Fourteen Days' Notice

at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to make fuch Appeal,

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners,

and within Five Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance

before fome Juftiee of the Peace for the faid County, City or Liberty,

with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and

abide the Order of and pay fuch Cods as (hall be awarded by the

Juftices at fuch Seffions; and the Juftices at fuch Seflions (hall hear

and finally determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in a fum-

maij Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed Cofb** anted.

againft as they (hall think proper, and their Determination thereon

fhali be final, binding and conclufive to all Parties, to all Intents and

Ptrrpofes.

LXX. And be it further enafted, That no Rate or Affeffment, Rates or P>o-or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or other ceediiigs not

matter

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

quaflied for want of Form.

Certiorari.

Plaintiff (hall not recover after Tender of fuf-ficient Amends.

Diftreft not unlawful for want of Form.

Limitation of A&ioni.

Treble Cods.

Rates under

53 O.3.C.UH. to be made upon

natter or thing to be dose or tranfa&ed, in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon as afore-laid, fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable into any of Hit Majefty’s Courts ot Record by Certiorarii, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever 5 any Law, Statute or Ufage to tbe contrary notwith&anding.

LXXI. Provided always, and bd it further ena&ed, That no Plaintiff (hall recover in any A&ion for any Irregularity, Trefpafe or wrongful Proceeding, made or committed in Execution of tha A ft, if lufficient Tender of Amends (hall be made by or on the hohatf of the Party or Parties who (hall have committed or caufed to be committed any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful Proceeding before fuch A&ion brought) ana in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have bees made, it (hall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Actions, by Leave of the Court where fuch A&ion (hall depend, at any time before Idue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they (hall fee fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Order and Judgment (hall be had, made or given by fuch Court, as in other A&ions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That where any Diflrefs fhall be made for Money to be levied by virtue of thia A&, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers ab initio, os account of any Irregularity which (hall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties di (training; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage only in an A&ion on tbe cafe.

LXXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That no A&ion or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing to be done in purfuance of this A&, until Twenty right Days1 Notice thereof (hall be given to the Clerk to the feud Commimooers for executing this A&, or after fuch fnfficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed; and every fuch A&ion or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County of MidiUfc*, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant in every fuch A&ion or Suit fhall and may plead the General I(Tue, and give this A& and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this A&; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch A&ion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty eight Days’ Notice thereof fhall be given as aforefaid, or after lufficient Satisfa&ioo made or tendered as aforefaid, or after tbe time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other County or • Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find a Verdi& for the Defendant, and upon fuch Verdi&, or if the Plaintiff fhall become Nonfuit, or difeontinue his or her A&ion or Suit after the Defendant (hall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plamtiff, then the Defendant (hall recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other cafes of Law.

LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the Rates and Afleff-ments authorized and allowed to be made, laid and affeffed by the Comxniffioners under the laft recited A& paired in the Fifty third

Year

c. m

A.D. IS16.	56°	GEO.	III.

€55

Year aforefaid, (hall be laid and aflefled upon all and every the Per* retired of fons and Perfon who (hall inhabit, hold and occupy the Houfes, Occupten. Buildings, Premifes, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houfes, Stables,

Cellar^ Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, rated and aflefled under the Proviiions of the faid laft recited Aft, (except where any other or fpecial Provifion is made in the faid Aft in relation to the Payment of Rates,) and fhall and may be demanded and taken, allowed and recovered, from and upon fuch Tenants and Occupiers as aforefaid; any thing in the faid Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 LXXV. And Whereas it may happen that fame of the Com*

*	miflioners of Pavement, Committeemen, Veftrymen or Truftees,

4 hereinbefore mentioned, may have entered into and be under fome 4 Contraft or Agreement which may be fubfifttng, and may not

*	have expired at the time of paffing this Aft, with certain Scavem-

*	gers, raviors or other Perfons,Tor the doing and performing 4 tome of the Works within their refpeftive Diftnfta which arc by 4 this Aft authorized or direfted to be hereafter done and performed 4 by the Commiffioners for executing this Aft, or the Perfons enu 4 ployed by them, or for the fupplying fome of the Materials for 4 the fame, or for watering the laid Streets, Squares, Circufies,

4 Ways, Cpurts, Pafiages or Places, or fome of them, and as fuch 4 Works and Services will hereafter be performed, and fuch Matt*

4 rials provided by the Commil&oners for executing this Aft, fo far 4 as the font relate to the faid Streets, Sauares, Circuffes, Ways, f Courts, paflages and Places, which Aiall ae within the Limits of 4 their Jurisdiction under the pravifions of this Aft, or by Perfons 4 by them employed, it is juft and reafonable that a proportionate 4 DedpSupn or Abatement fhpuld be made to fuch CommUfipners 4 of Pavement, Committeemen, Veftrymen or Truftees, by the Per*

*	fon or Perfons who have fo contracted with them refpeftivcly,

*	to perform fuch Works or Services, or to fupply fuch Materials in

*	refpeft of fuch Parts of the faid Contrafts aa will ceafe to be per-4 formed by them.from and after the paf&ng of this Aft}’ Be it therefore enafted, That in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons Whtrs Con* who (hall have fo contrafted to perform fuch Works or Services, or trta»h«re been to fupply fuch Materials, (hall abate and allow unto the faid Commif-

fioners of Pavement, Committeemen, Veftrymen or Truftees with

whom every fuch Contraft (hall be made, out of the Monies thereby fo Work* which

contracted to he paid to him or them, a fair and reafonable Sum or win hereafter b«

Sums in refpeft of fuch of the (aid Works and Services which are	Vtb#

hereafter to be done and performed, and of fuch Materials which

are hereafter to be provided by the CommUSoners for executing this thsContnaora

Aft, or the Perfons to be employed by them as aforefaid, as fuch (ball nuke in

Contraftor or Contractors would otherwife have been found to have Abatement in

dose, performed or provided, under or by virtue of fuch Contraft

or Contrafts if this Aft had not been palled; which Sum or Sums

fo to be abated or allowed (hall bear the fame Proportion to the p^fomed by

whole Sum or Sums which would otherwife have become doe or. them.

payable under the faid Contraft or Contrafts to any fuch Contractor

or Contractors for the whole of the Works or Services which would

have been done and performed, and for all the Materials which would

have been provided by him or them in refpeft of the whole Diftrjft

or Limit comprised in fuch Contraft or Contrafts, as the Surface

or fuperficial Quantity of fuch Part of the Land or Ground com*

prifed

65*	0*28.	56° GEO. Ill;	A.B.1816.

prifed within the Limits of fuch Contra# or Contrafts as is hereby put under the Jurifdiftion of the Commiffioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, fhall bear to the whole Surface or Superfical Quantity ©f the Land or Ground comprifed in, or over, or to which fnch Contraft or Contrafts /hall extend ; and all fuch Commiffioners, Committeemen, Veftrymen and Truflees, are hereby authorized and empowered to retain and make fuch Deduftion or Abatement accordingly, from and out of the Sum or Sums of Money which they would otherwife have had to pay or allow to any foch Contraftor or Contraftors under or by virtue of any filch Conmc or Contrafts as aforefaid.

Paving the	LXXVI.	And	be it further enafted, That fuch of the Street*,

Streets, frc. in	Circuffes, Ways,	Places, Courts or PafTages comprifed within the

Jhitt Ms^ le	Provifions of the	faid firft recited Aft as are iituate or lie within the

to the Vefhy-	Parifh	of	Saint	Mary	le bone fhall, notwithftanding any of the

men of that	Provifions of this	prefent Aft, remain and be fubjeft to the Order,

Pariflu	Controul and Jurifdiftion of the Veflrymen of the faid Parifh of

Saint Mary le bone ; and that the Duty, Power and Authority of paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting and watching the fame Streets, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or PafTages fhall be and remain veiled ia the Veftrymen of the faid Parifh for the time being, who fhall caufe the fame Streets, Circuffes, Ways and Places to be well and effectually paved over, both in the Carriage and Footways, with the Materials of the prefent Pavement, fo far as the fame will extend, I and with fuch Quantity of new Materials as fhall be requifite for that Purpofe, and fhall and will relay, repair and make good every Part of fuch laft mentioned Streets, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and Pallages which fhall be difturbed or altered in carrying the faid firft recited Aft into Execution, to ths good Liking and Satisfaftion of the Cam-tniffioners for the time being, for carrying the faid firft recited Aft and this Aft into Execution.

Watch Boxes LXXVII. And be it further enafted, That the Commiffioners and Lamps to be to be appointed under and by virtue of this Aft fhall ereft, provide, the place and fuch and fo many good and fubflantial Watch 'Boxes ai^ftenmdV* *or Watchmen, and fuch and fo many proper and fubflantial kept in Repair Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners for lighting the by the Veftry- fame Circuffes, Streets and Places, of fuch Dimenfions and Quality, meo of St. Mary and at fuch Diftances from each other, and to be painted and finifhed le bone.	in fucjj manner as fhall accord and correfpond with the Pavements,

Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes which (hall be made or fet up in the other Parts of fuch intended New Street, or as near and fimilar thereunto as Circumflances will permit; and, that the feveral Watch Boxes, Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons, with Lamp Burners, fhaB for ever after the Ereftion thereof, by the faid Commiffioners fo to be appointed under or by virtue of this Aft, be kept in repair by fuch Veftrymen, or by and at the Expence of the Parifh of 'Sort Mary le bone ; and that the foie Right and Property of all Pave-ments, Stones, Lamp Polls, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes now or at any time hereafter to be laid, erefted, fet up and fixed in fuch of the faid Streets, CircufTes, Ways, Courts or Paffages comprifed within the Provifions of the faid firft recited Aft, as are or fhall be /	Iituate within the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, fhall belong

to and be and continue to be veiled in the faid Veftrymen of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary /f bone for the time being, any thing in

56° GEO.IIL

C.128.

657

the laid firft. recited Aft or in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not with (landing.

LXXVIIl. And be it further enafted, That towards reimburfing the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone the Expence to be incurred in new paving, or in relaying and paving the faid Streets, Circufles, Ways, Courts or PafTages to to be paved by the faid Veftrymen of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le lone> it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Veftrymen for the time being of the faid Pariih to charge and afTefs all and every Perfon or Perfons who do or (hall inhabit, hold, ufe, occupy or enjoy any Dwelling Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe, Coach Houfe, Stables, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement or other Hereditament, the Street or Ground in front of which (hall be fo new paved, with fuch Part of the Coils, Charges and Expences of providing and laying down or relaying fuch Pavement, by way of Compofition for the lame, as is ufual and cuftomary to be charged upon or taken by Compofition from any other Inhabitants of the faid Parifti, for or in refpeft of any newly erected Houfes or other Buildings in the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, for or towards the Expences of paying the Street oppofite fuch Houfes or other Buildings, but not to or with any greater or other Part, Share or Proportion of fuch Cofts, Charges or Expences, and i to levy and raife the fame by every fuch Ways and Means as any . other Rates or A fie Amenta or Compofition can or may be levied or raifed by fuch Veftrymen, by any Power or Authority in them vefted under any Aft or Afts of Parliament or otherwife.

1 LXXIX. And Whereas fuch of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands ’	4 and Hereditaments which are intended to be taken and ufed under

*	the Provifions and for the Purpofes of the faid firft recited Aft < as are fituate in the Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, or are rated to 4 that Parifh, do now (land aflefled and rated in the Books of the

*	faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bonct for or towards the paving, light-4 ing and watching the Streets and other Places in the faia Parifh,

*	as being altogether of the Yearly Rent or Value of Six thoufand 4 and eighty four Pounds; and in order to prevent any Lofs or 4 Diminution to the faid Parifh in fuch Rental, by reafon of the car. 4 nring the faid firft recited Aft into Execution, or any additional

*	Burthen being impofed by the faid Parifh, in refpeft of any In-4 creafe in the Rental by the Buildings and Improvements which may; 4 be made in the Execution of the faid Aft, it hath been agreed, ‘ that for all the Purpofes of rating and afTefling the faipe to the 4 feveral Rates and AfTefTments tor paving, lighting, watching, 4 cleanfing and repairing the feveral Streets and Squares within the 4 faid Panfh, or rated thereto, the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands 4 and Hereditaments fo to be taken and ufed as afore faid, and the 4 Buildings hereafter to be erefted, (hall be permanently confidered, 4 deemed and taken to be of the faid Yearly Value of Six thou-4 fand and eighty four Pounds, whether the aftual Rental thereof 4 (hall be more or lefs Now therefore be it further enafted. That all the Houfes, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments fo to be taken and ufed as aforefaid, and alfo the Houfes and Buildings to be erefted on the faid Lands, (hall for ever hereafter, in making any Rates or AfTefTments for the paving, repairing, watching, lighting and cleanfing the feveral Streets and other Places in the faid rarilh pf Saint Mary le bone9 be charged and aflefTed, or rated thereto, as

56 Geo* HI.	U	u	being

Veftrymen authorized to levy a Rate on Occupier* of Houfe*tfcc. to defray Expence of paving, See.

The Houfei, Sec. in the Pariih of St. Mary le bone intended to be placed under the Provifions of 53 O.3. c.111. being now rated

w

Commiffiooen of Sewers to repair Drabs under their Direc* tiou«

Owners of Pipes

to'pay the Ex-pencesof re-ftixiog thejn. *

Negie&iiig to pi; the lame*

CommHfioners may bring Actions.

exits.

IS* GEO. IlL

A.D.III

XJy. An4b* >t farther	TWwhw	wd	fooftaa;

3ewer, Gully Hoi* qr tJfwn, wjuch flwll or m*j wfe the leftiqneftfa* hid QomqaiflioneM of Sewen, jo aqy of the kid Sw Sqwiw,	Wm	Qqurtr, PjflagN or PU<w wfc

Lwutt of thi» A£> <Wl r»ouiiip to be rppwred, tjtend, dm or emptied, or any new pr additional §rwei, Gojly Hole or Ik (hall ife necejfary to h* made, qf any new or ad^twal Gate fl put and placed over any $ewjr4 Gutyy fiale Of Drain, in ujc laid Street#, Squ^ry*, Circuffe?,	Courts,	?a8agporflfl

.pr W dId Grafe* pyer th* fam? fliall require to be zeputin* pr altered. ttan and m *my fu9h pak *ho faid Coaaim Sewan (h*U within TVo? Da** pe*J after Not^jmenorldt Jjttir ^uyyevqr far thp tip* being, at hijilaft or ufu4Fhceof^i Sgned by the Sgnsyer to the Cpuuniffiaom for piminjtli^ into Execution, caufe fi|ch tfcyrer, Quljy Hole or Dnwtok paired, altered, deanfed or emptied, and fuch new and sd|0[ Grates to be made and put dowp, and fucb old (jm« to k pairpd» .removed or altered ; pnfi ip default thereof it AallkM tor the faid Cpmrpiffionqrs feu putting tma Aft into htam their Surveyor* tp capfc fuch $ewcy, Gully Hole pf.Wl repaired, altered, cleaufod °r emptied* <*r fuch m aA i Grates to hs mads and PW* down# °r fuch old Gtatiteb removed qr altered* as the cafe jqay require* or fo maicl«fj Works to be competed as (b^ll remain unfiaifted: w«s that the Charges and Expeucep of relaying or rqriwfcWS tpentp which (hall be broken or taken up for the Puqwdaf*! or amending any Pipe, (hall be paid to the faid Coaafanw executing this Ad, or tp fuch Perfon or Perfons ai point to receive the fame; and that the Charges tod Expand making, repairing, altering, cleanCug or emptying my wifcw* Drain, and of making or putting doyrn any Inch «ww dW Grates, and alterinj	~

and

Purpoies atoretaid, tbaU be paid eating this Ad, or to fuch rerfon or Perfoni as they (lull, U4| fuch fleeting as aforefaid, appoint to receive the Came, by tk Tw furer or Clerk to the laid Commiffionera of Sewen, or bj the Pd| or Perfqna who (hall take or caufe the faid Pavement to be fetal for the Purpofes aforefaid; and in cafe the Owner or OrwU fuch Pipe ae aforefaid, pr the Treafurer or Clerk of the hidCfl miflionera of Sewers, or other Perfon or Perfoas u aforefaid* k negled or refufe to pay what (hall have been fo laid oat or diAtafa for the Purpofes aforefaid, within Ten Days pert after Nods thereof ip Writing, figned by the Clerk to the bid CannfioW for putting this Ad in Execution, and left at their refpe&t Dwelling Houles, or laft or ufual Place of Abode, togetfor wzth i Bill annexed thereto (which Bill (hall contain an Accept cfM Charges and Expei>oea), then and in every fucb cafe it Ail for the faid Comxmfnqners for putting this Aft in Execution and they are hereby authorised aud empowered, tn bawpoofes be brought an A&ion againft apy or either of the refpediwP#! jfons afoyefaid, for the Recovery of fuch Sun or Sum* of Mow as the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft (baR have fo Isi out aud upended for tho Purpofos aforefaid.

16	ILL	Ad

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

669

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Provifo for nothing herein contained fliall operate, extend or be conftrued to RljjgU of Com-abridge, take away, prejudice or affe& any Jurifdidtion, Power or Authority which is by Law now vetted in the Commiffionera of Sewers of the Diftri&s in which the laid Premifes are fituate; but that all fuch Junfdi&ion, Power and Authority, fhall and may be exercifed by fuch laft mentioned Commiffionera, in fuch and the like manner aa if thia A & had not been patted.

* LXX XIII. And Whereaa many Bodiee Corporate and other

*	public Bodiea and many Perfons formed into Societies for the

*	Promotion and Advancement of the Arts, or of Literature and ‘ Knowledge, or for Charitable or other ufeful Purpofea, are ‘ frequently dettrous of evening Buildings for the tranfa&ing and

*	carrying on the feveral ufeful rurpofes in which they are engaged,

*	and are unable to obtain convenient Spots of Ground or Scitea for ‘ fuch Buildings, or for Eafcments and Accommodations thereto;

*	and it would be very beneficial to the Public if His Majcfty, hia ‘ Heirs and Succefibrs, was and were enabled to grant and reft in ‘ any fitch Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or ‘ Perfons, and their Succefibrs, Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators

*	refpc&ively, fufficient Spots and Parcels of Land for the ere&ing ‘ fuch Buildings thereon, or for Curtilages, Accefles or other Con-

*	veniencies, Eafcments or Accommodations to any Buildings erected 4 or to be ere&ed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and alfo for

*	Cemeteries or Burial GroundsBe it therefore ena&ed, That Hit Majefty

The King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, (hall empowered to have full Power and Authority to give and grant to and veft in any lo Bodie* Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other public Bodies, SocietiefVaml Societies or Perfons, all or any Part of the Eftate, Intereft or for ereaing Property of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflon, in any Lands, Buildings there-Tenements or Hereditaments within the Survey of the Court of on for the ufeful Exchequer in England, fituate within the Bills of Mortality, in order	m

to be appropriated as a Scite or Scitea for ere&ing thereon any ^gaged.^*** Building or Buildings for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, or to be ufed as or for a Curtilage or Curtilages, or for an Accefs or Accedes to any Building or Buildings ere&ed or to be ere&ed for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, or to be ufed for any Convenience,

Eafement or Accommodation thereto, or connected therewith, or for Cemeteries or Burial Grounds, and fnch Body or Bodies Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societies or Perfons, and their Heirs, Suc-cefibrs. Executors or Adminiftrators, (hall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the fame j and whenever it (hall be the Pleefure of His Majefty, his Hews or Succefibrs, to make n Grant for any fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, k (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffionera of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, to iffue a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any fuch Body or Bodies Corporate or other public Bodiee, Sooieties or Perfons as afbre&sd, which Warrant Audi be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and (hall be enrolled in the Office of the Audkor of the Land Revenue for the Krifion or County within which the Pret&ifes therein fpecified (hall be fituate, and alfo in the Office of the Commiffioners of Hie Msjjefty’s Woods, Fofefte and Land Revenues; and fuch Auditor nod fuch Commiffionera having enrolled the Aid Warrant

U a 2	(hall

644

C.128.

Rate*.

Subic*, &c. hew rated.

How the yearly Value of Houfes, See. is to be af-ceiumed.

Commencement of Rates.

56° GEO. III.

a.dm

built, and encompaffing the (aid Squares and Cireufles, in foch&i or Sums of Money at the faid Commiffioners (hall order or but fo neverthelefs as that fuch Rate or Rates, AMmentor ments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the ferenl of Money next hereinafter mentioned; (that is to (ay) for repairing, cleaning, watching and lighting the (aid (email Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Places, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, so yearly Rent or Value of fuch Houfes, Shops, Warebode* Houles, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings and Tenement* are or (hall be iituate within the Limits of this Ad; and fbrwtf ing fuch Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Count,

Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to tkjiA Rent or Value of fuch Houfes and Buildings as ne or wl ere&ed and built in or about fuch Streets, Squares, CircaSe*!* Courts, Paffages and Places which (hall from time tothne be«M| in purfuance of the Dire&ions of this A&, and for fonritydlfc enclofing, ornamenting and embelli(hing the Centre*, Arcs or lift Spaces of the faid Squares and Circuffes which (hall be laid sMi made within the Limits of this A&, and for fupportng add* taining the lame, after the Rate of Two Shillings h tk M according to the yearly Rent or Value of fnch Houfntwl W%; as are or (hall be ere&ed in fuch refpe&ivt Square* Ckffe* Places; in the making of which faid feweral Rater or Atiso* the Stables, Coach Houfes, Ere&ions and other Mi*** (hall belong to or be zefpe&ively held and occupied dhifdltk Houfes eroded or to be ere&ed or iituate in any of thttttab Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public hfcjpd Places, (hall be refpedhvely rated together and along «« W Houfes, and not as feparate Buildings; and that the faidC ers (hall caufe feparate and diflin& Accounts to be kepi if tit At duce of the faid refpe&ive Rates and Affeffments, andtk AppS-cation of the fame refpedively.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That the Annul Vika all fuch Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buddings and fo to be refpe&ively rated and affeffed as aforefaid, (ball be Wrf and afeertained according to the real Rack Rent or full ycarff Vftl thereof; and the Firft Year, for which fuch Rates or AMa* as aforefaid (hall be made, (hall commence for or in itfped ofm Houfes or other Buildings as now are, or (hall be then ereded,** and tiled, dated or covered in, within the Limits of this Adi ai paved in Front thereof, from the Twenty fourth Day of A* thou (and eight hundred and (ixteen ; and for and inrdped of * fuch Houfes or Buildings hereafter to be ere&ed or built wda * Limits of this A&, which (hall not be tiled, dated or wiedM* paved in Front thereof as aforefaid on the (aid Twenty hsd£q of June, (hall commence from the next Quarter Day t&tfde aac (hall be fo tiled# dated or covered in, and the Parana#*** Front thereof as aforefaid; and the Money fo rated and ifcW1** der or in purfuance of this A£fc, (hall from time to thebepw* the Colle&ors to be appointed as aforefaid, at fuch time ud l®* in every Year, and in fuch manner as the (aid Commiftwenw executing this A& (hall order and #red, and (hall be paid by fuch Collectors into the Hand# of the Tresfurer to tk W Commiffioners.

XLV.P*-

56° GEO. III.

C. 129, ISO.

661

themfelves; or whereby any poor Perfon or Perfons may be compelled to remain in any Houle of lnduftry or Workhoufe, until the Charges and Expepces to which any Diftrid, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet may have been put or become liable or chargeable for the Maintenance or Support of fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, or any of his or her Family, mall be repaid or reimburfed or fatisfied by the Earnings or Labour of fuch poor Perfon or Perfons; or whereby any poor Child or Children whomfoever is or are rendered liable to be apprenticed to any Governor, Diredor, or Mafter of any fuch Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe $ or whereby any Parifh, Town-ftup or Hamlet, at a greater Diftance than Ten Miles from fuch Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe, fhall hereafter be empowered or authorized to become Contributors to, or to take the Benefit of fuch Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe; or whereby any Directors,

Governors, Guardians or Mafters of any fuch Houfe or lnduftry or Workhoufe, are authorized or empowered to hire out any poor Perfon or Perfons of full Age, or to contrad or agree with any Perfon or Perfons to have and take the Profit of the Labour of fuch poor Perfon or Perfons; fhall be wholly and fevcrally, and the fame are hereby wholly and feverally, repealed.

II.	And be it further euaded, That from and after the palling of Confining tht this Ad, k (hall not be lawful for any Governor, Diredor, Guardian 1>oor ty Chains or Mafter, of any Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe, on any Pretence, or M*°*cle* to chain, or confine by Chains or Manacles, any poor Perfon of un aw u * fane Mind.

CAP. CXXX.

An AEt to repeal an Ad made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled \An AB to extend the Provifions of an AB made in the Seven* teenth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 4 An AB to amend and make more ejfeBual the Laws relating € to Roguesy Vagabonds and other idle and dtforderly Perfons ;

4 and to Houfes of CorreBion / and to make other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[ift	July	1816.]

4 TT 7 HEREAS the Laws now in force have been found in-4 W fufficient to prevent idle and diforderly Perfons from going 4 out armed in the Night time for the Deftrudion of Game : And 4 Whereas fuch Pradices are found by Experience to lead to the 4 Commiffion of Felonies and Murders;1 For the more effedual Supprefiion thereof, may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament .aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Ad made in the .Thirty 39*40 G■ 3* ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to C#5°' ***** extend the Provifions of an Ad made in the Seventeenth Teqr of King George the Second, intituled 4 An Ad to amend and male more ‘ effedual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and 4 diforderly Perfons ; and to Houfes of Corrsdion,' be repealed.

II.	And be jt further enacted. That if any ^Perfon or Perfons (hall, after the palling of this Ad, unlawfully enter ipto or be found ^the"

U u 3	in

56° GEO. 111.

A.D.181&

Night time, with apparent Intent to kill or deftroy Game, may, on Conviction, be tranfported, &c.

Returning.

Tranfportatioa for Life.

Such Perfons may be apprehended and conveyed before a Juftice, who in Default of Bail may commit them.

in any Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or indofed Ground in the Night time, that if to fay, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock at Night and Seven in the Morning, from the Firft Day of OSoher to the Fir ft; Day of March* or between the Hours of Ten at Night and Four in the Morning, from the Firft Day of March to the Firft Day of Qgobtr, in each and every Year, having any Gun, Net, Engine or other Inftrument, for the Purpofe and with the Intent to deftroy, take or kill, or (hall wilfully deftroy, take or kill any Hare, Rabbit, Pheafant, Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Groufe commonly called Red Game or any other Game $ or if any Perfon or Perfeos Audi be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or with any other offenfive Weapon, protecting, aiding, abetting or affifting aay fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, ihall be adjudged guilty of a Mit demeanor, and (hall be fentenced to Tranfportation for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or (hall receive fuch other Puniihsxat as may by Law be in Aided on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanors, sad as the Court before which fuch Offenders may be tried and convifred (hall adjudge; and if any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the Term for which be or they (hall be fo tranfported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they fo returning, and being thereof duly coavi&ed, Audi be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall be fentenced to Tranfportation for the Term or Terms of his or their natural Life or Lives.

III.	And for the more eafy and fpeedy bringing the Offenders againft this Ad to Juftice, be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of any fuch Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other open or iadafcd Ground, and alfo for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and alfe for aay other Perfon or Perfons to feixe and apprehend, or to affift in feizing and apprehending fuch Offender or Ottendera by virtue of this Ad, and by the Authority of the fame to convey and deliver fuch Offender or Offenders into the Cuftody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and direded to convey fuch Offender or Offenders before feme One of His Majefty’s Juftice* of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch O fence (hall be alledged to have been committed; or in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not be fe apprehended, then k ihall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice, on Information before him, on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witneffss, to iffue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of fuch Offender or Offenders ; and if upon the Ap»

Jrehenfion of any fuch Offender or Offenders, it (hall appear to fuch nftice on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witaeflet, that the Perfon or Perfons fo charged hath or have been guihy of any or either of the faid Offences, it (hall and may be lawful for luch Juftice to admit fuch Perfon or Perfons fe charged to Bail, and in Default of Bui to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the County Gad until the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or the next General Commiffion of Gaol Delivery to be bolden for the feme County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with aa by this Ad is direded.

CAP.

A.D*1816<

SG° GEO. in.

C.131, 132,

663

i	CAP.	CXXXI.

An A ft to revive and continuet until the Fifteenth Day of June .

One thoufand eight hundred and {tventeen, an Aft of the Fifty fecond Tear of Hit prefent Majefty, for the more 1 effectual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	[ift	July	j8i6,]

i 4 YTTHEREAS ao Aft was palled in the Fifty fecond Year of 5*0.3. C17.

C 4 YV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the more € effectual Prefervation of the Peace, tj enforcing toe Dutiet of ,	4 Watching and Warding, until the Firfi Day of March One thoufand

;	4 eight hundred and fourteen, in Placet where jDjflurhancee prevail or

!	4 are apprehended: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame (hould

4 be revived and continued j’ Be it therefore enafted by The Ring’s ,	Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confept of me

j	Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parlia-

| roent aflemblrd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft Recited Aa rs-fl»n, from and after the palling of this Aft, be and the fame is hereby rived and coo. revived and continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand tinu*d* eight hundred and feventeeo.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Aft for enlarging the time for making the Award refpeft-ing His Majefty’s Allotments under an Aft of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Windfor Foreft; and for extending the Provifions of the faid Aft.

[ift July 1816.3	g

4 WJ HEREAS bj an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the 53 0.3- *,5 # 4 YY Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for vefting in I *5'

4 If it Mqjqfiy certain Partt of Windfor Foreft in the County of Bents 5 4 and for inciting the Open Commonable Lands within the faid Foreft9 4 it was, amongft other things, enafted, that the Commiffioner therein 4 appointed on the behalf of His Majefty for the Purpofes of the 4 laid Aft, and the Commiffioner to be appointed for and on tbf 4 behalf of the feveral Proprietors of Land in the fevcral Pari (he#

4 therein mentioned, Ihould in their refpeftive Parishes appoint,

4 ascertain and fet out the Public Carriage Roads and Highways 4 therein mentioned, over the Lands and Grounds to be allotted 4 and let out to His Majefty; and that all fuch Public Carriage 4 Roads and Highways which ihould be fo ordered by the faid 4 Commilfioners as atorefaid, with all nccefiiury Drains, Water-4 courfes, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, mould be made and 4 for ever thereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Coft#

4 and Charges of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefibrs: And 4 Whereas for the better making and keeping in Repair the feveral 4 Roads, Highways, Drams, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and 4 Fences which by the laid recited Aft are direfted to be made and 4 kept in Repair by and at the Expence of His Majefty, it is expe-4 dient that Provilion Ihould be made for enfuring the making and 4 repairing fuch Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourfes, Arches,

4 Bridges and Fences according to the true Intent and Meaning of the 4 laid recited A&$’ Be it therefore enafted by The King"s Moft

U u *	Excellent

648

Rate Books to be admitted Eridence.

Commiffioners may borrow Money*

Form of Mortgage.

Money may be railed by Annuities.

G128.	56° GEO. IIL	A.D.1SII

Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance M allowed.

LIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Books of Rates to delivered by the Colleftor or other Officers to the laid Commifion for executing this Aft, and all Entries afterwards made tberoo, examined Copies thereof refpeftively, (hall be received in Evidence the Rates impofed by virtue of this Ad, and the Payment of ii Rates, or fuch of them, or fuch Part thereof, as (hall by fuch Earns appear to have been paid to fuch CoUe&ors.

L1V. And for the more fpeedily raffing Money for the Pirpeie of this A61, be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawfaitoMfa laid Commiffioners for executing this A Cl, and they are hereby at powered from time to time, to horrow and take up at Iotmi a Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Rates or A&i ments hereinbefore granted ; and by Writing under their Hud* at Seals to mortgage or affign over the faid Rates or Akffma;* a any Part thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall aaiawe or lend fuch Monies, or his or their Trullee or Truftee«,«a$tciGtf for the Money fo to be borrowed, together with Intereft for fo fame ; and every fuch Mortgage or Affign meat may he accoriaf to the Form following ; (videlicet,)

*	TJY virtue of an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Rep

4 ** of King George the Third, intituled [fet forthtbtTdtf& 4 AS"} We	being

*	of the Commiffioners appointed by virtue of the ki Ad, for 4 paving, cleaning, lighting, watering and watching fo Streets,

*	Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts and other public Pa&ga

c Places, within the Limits mentioned in the faid Ad, h Colfc*

4 ation of the Sum of	advanced udhntbr

4 A.B% to C. 23. (the Treafarer appointed in purfuanceof fo&i ** Aft) upon the Credit of the Rates and Afleffments tobesude *■ by virtue of .the faid Aft for the Purpofes aforefaid, A ‘ and affign unto the faid A. 2L his Executors, Adminiftrttvsai 4 Affigns, fuch Proportion of the faid Rates or AffeffmetfSjtsfo 4 faid Sum of	doth	or	(hall bear to tise wisok

4 Sum which is or fhall be borrowed upon the Credit of fo kid 4 Rates or AiTeffinents to be had and holden from this Dav, iff J 4 the faid Sum of	with Intereft o(

tf	per	Centum	per	Annum	for	the fame, to be

4 Half Yearly, (hall be repaid and fatisfied. In Witnefs wWt 4 We have hereunto fet our Hands and Seals, this 4‘ Day of .	/

And every fuch Affignment fhall be good) valid and effr&ual io k Law. *	1	1

LV. Provided always, and be it * further enafted, That in oA the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft (hall think it able to raife all or any Part of the Money necefiaryforthcFtn^ aforefaid, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lira®®! Perfon or Perfons, then it IhaH be lawful for fuch CommiS^ and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing ® Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Perfon or Perfons who fhafl contribute, iduace and pay into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft any Sunr or Sums of Money for the abfolute

* * *	PurcWe

c.m

56° GEO. III.

M5

Year aforefaid, (hall be laid and aflefled upon all and every the Per- received of fons and Perfon who (hall inhabit, hold and occupy the Houfes, Occujnm* Buildings, Prcmifee, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houfes, Stables,

Cellar^ Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, rated and aflefied under the Provifions of the faid laft recited Ad, (except where any other or fpedal Provifion is made in the faid Ad in relation te the Payment of Rates,) and (hall and may be demanded and taken, allowed and recovered, from and upon fuch Tenants and Occupiers as aforefaid; any thing in the faid Ad contained to the contrary notwithftandxng*

* L.XXV. And Whereas it may happen that fame qf the Com*

*	miflionerg of Pavement, Committeemen, Veftrymen or Truftees,

4 hereinbefore mentioned, may have entered into and be under fame

*	Contrad or Agreement which may be fubfifting, and may not

‘ have e at the	this	Ad, with 

4 gers,	s or otl	, pr the doing and performing

4 fome of the Works within their refpedive Diftnds which are by 4 this Ad authorized or dureded to be hereafter done and performed

*	bv the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or the Perfons em-1 ployed by them, or for the Cupplyuig fome of the Materials for

*	the fame, or for watering the laid Streets, Squares, Curcufies,

4 Ways, Courts, Pafiages or Places, or fome of them, and as fuch 4 Works and Services will hereafter be performed, and fuch Mate-4 rials provided by the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, fo far

| * as the fame relate to the faid Streets, Squares, Circufies* Ways,

; € Courts, pafiages and Places, which (hatt ne within the Limits of

i 4 their Jurifdi&ion under the Provifions of this Ad, or by Perfons 4 by them employed, it is juft and reafonahle that a proportionate

*	Dedudipn or Abatement (hould be made to fuch Comnuffipners 4 of Pavement, Committeemen, Veftrymen or Truftees, by the Per-4 fon or Perfons who have fo contraded with thou rcipedively,

4 to perform fuch Works or Services, or to fuppty fuch Materials in 1 refped of fuch Parts of the laid Contrads as will ceafe to be per-4 formed by them.from and after the paffing of this Ad;’ Be it therefore enaded. That in every fuck cafe the Perfon or Perfons When Co®-who (hall have fo contraded to perform fuch Works or Services, or unA»hav# been to fupply fuch Materials, (hall abate and allow unto the faid Commif-

doners of Pavement, Committeemen, Veftrymen or Trufteea with pa?€mtntl*c,’ whom every fuch Contrad (hall be made, out of the Monies thereby fo Work, which contraded to he paid to him or them, a fair and reafonable Sum or will hereafter be Sums in refped of fuch of the laid Works and Services which are don# bythe hereafter to be done and performed, and of fuch Materials which are hereafter to be provided by the Commiffioners for executing this th# contraQor* Ad, or the Perfons to be employed by them as aforefaid, as fuch fall make an Contrador or Contradors would otherwife have been found to have Abatement in doae, performed or provided, under or by virtue of fuch Contrad or Contrads if this Ad had not been paired; which Sum or Sums	doT

fo to be abated or allowed (hall bear the fame Proportion to the performed by whole Sum or Sums which would otherwife have become doe or. them payable under the laid Contrad or Contrads to any fuch Contrador or Contradors for the whole of the Works or Services which would haw been done and performed, and for all the Materials which would have been provided by him or them in refped of the whole Diftrjd or Limit comprised m fuch Contrad or Contrads, as the Surfttce or fuperficial Quantity of fuch Part of the Land or Ground com-

prifed

C.12*.

56° GEO, III.

AJU

Mode of tranf-ferring Securities.

Form of Transfer.

Entries or Memorials of all Mortgagee, &c. to be entered itt a Book.

pee for Entry.

Application of the Money arifing from Rates.

the Purposes aforefaid $ and that before any fuch Money I borrowed, or any fuch Bond fold, or Annuity granted, ft Days* Notice at the lead (hall be given in fomc Newfoapmpi in London or We/hunfier, fignifying the Intention ot borrows Money, or granting luch Annuities.

LIX. And be it further enaded, That k (hall be hwtf I Perfons entitled to any of the Securities or Orders for tie 1 borrowed, or for the Annuities granted and ordered to aforefaid, by Writing under their Hands mdorfcd there®, tod the fame refpedively to any Perfon or Perfons, aceor&g I Form following $

*	J if. 5.	do	hereby	affign	the witta HflC

‘ [or, Bond for thd Payment of the within mentiosed An € and all my Right and Title in arid to the Principal Mitt

*	Intereft [or, Annuity, and all Arrears now due tlima hi c of the within written Bond] thereby fecured untoC.D, M

*	tors, Adminiftratora and Afiigns. Dated the c Day of

And Entries or Memorials, of all Mortgages or Bonds for the Payment of Annuities, which (lull be oka 4 aforefaid, and of all Transfers thereof, exprefling bWflriiJtti the Names, Additions, Places of Abode and other prsperlw tions of all fuch Perfons as (hall from time to mham the Principal Money and Intereft, or the Annum WfHN ively fecured, (hall be entered in a Book to be fapktanf by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners for which Book any Perfon interefted (hall at all fafa&tal Accefs, and (haul have free Liberty to infped the hat,iMMt or Reward; and for the Entry of every fuch Trwftr * M ment the faid Clerk (hall be paid Five Snillings andnittlj every fuch Transfer or Affignment, after fuch J^trytkflfaK faid, (hall entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whootkfmli made, and his, her or their Executors, AdmiuftntanalW to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred; ni A N to whom fuch Mortgages or Alignments, or Bondi foruy hm (hall be made, or who (hall be entitled to the Mosey or Am thereby fecured, (hall be, in proportion to the Suui thermM ively mentioned, Creditors on the faid Rates or AMk*4 One with another, without any Preference in refpedtotkfi of advancing fuch Money, or the Dates of ay fuch Alignments or Bonds refpedively.

LX. And be it further enaded, That all the Money to or from the faid Rates or Afiefiments, and which suybcbem or advanced upon or received for the Purchaie of any A** the Credit or Security thereof, (hall be applied in piriq^1 charging the Expeaces attending the obtauung and paafAii and afterwards from time to time in paying the burfd Principal Money to be borrowed, and the Annuities tofc aforefaid, and in paying and difeharging the (Several Purdnk Ml and in making the feveral Compensations and Satkfa&oaikfti fore direded, and in making fuch Allowances to thefcienlh who (hall have paved any oftthe laid Streets, Squares or otherfl Paffages or Places, and i% defraying the Expences of forming ing, making, railing in, ornamenting and embdliflung the mM

657

A.D.1816.	56°	GEO.	III.	C.128.

the faid firft, recited Aft or in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LXXVIIl. And be it further enafted, That towards reimburfing the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone the Expence to be incurred in new paving, or in relaying and paving the faid Streets, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or Paffages io to be paved by the faid Veftrymen 1 of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary It bone, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Veftrymen for the time being of the faid Pariih to charge and aftefs all and every Perfon or Perfons who do or (hall inhabit, hold, ufe, occupy or enjoy any Dwelling Houfe, Shop, Warchoufe, Coach Houfe, Stables, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement or other Hereditament, the Street or Ground in front of which • (hall be fo new paved, with fuch Part of the Cofts, Charges and r Expences of providing and laying down or relaying fuch Pavement, by way of Compofition for the fame, as is ufual and cuftomary to i be charged upon or taken by Compofition from any other Inhabitants of the faid Parifh, for or in refpeft of any newly erefted Houfes or other Buildings in the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le bone,

;	for or towards the Expences of paying the Street oppofite fuch

:	Houfes or other Buildings, but not to or with any greater or other

,	Part, Share or Proportion of fuch Cofts, Charges or Expences, and

i	to levy and raife the fame by every fuch Ways and Means as any

;	other Rates or AftefTments or Compofition can or may be levied

or raifed by fuch Veftrymen, by any Power or Authority in them I vefted under any Aft or Afts of Parliament or otherwife. j ‘ LXXIX. And Whereas fuch of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands ,	4 and Hereditaments which are intended to be taken and ufed under

*	the Provifions and for the Purpofes of the faid firft recited Aft

|	4 as are fituate in the Parifh of Saint Mary It bone, or are rated to.

■	4 that Parifh, do now ftand aflefled and rated in the Books of the

4 faid Parifh of Saint Mary It bonet for or towards the paving, light-4 ing and watching the Streets and other Places in the faid Parifh, 4 as being altogether of the Yearly Rent or Value of Six thoufand 4 and eighty four Pounds; and ini order to prevent any Lofs or 4 Diminution to the faid Parifh in fuch Rental, by reafon of the car. 4 rying the faid firft recited Aft into Execution, or any additional 4 Burthen being impofed by the faid Parifh, in refpeft of any In-4 creafe in the Rental by the Buildings and Improvements which may 4 be made in the Execution of the faid Aft, it hath been agreed, 4 that for all the Purpofes of rating and affefling the fame to the

*	feveral Rates and Affeffments tor paving, lighting, watching,

*	cleanfing and repairing the feveral Streets and Squares within the 4 faid Parifh, or rated thereto, the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands 4 and Hereditaments fo to be taken and ufed as aforefaid, and the

*	Buildings hereafter to be erefted, (hall be permanently confidered,

*	deemed and taken to be of the faid Yearly Value of Six thou-4 fand and eighty four Pounds, whether the aftual Rental thereof

*	(hall be more or lefsNow therefore be it further enafted. That all the Houfes, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments fo to be taken and ufed as aforefaid, and alfo the Houfes and Buildings to be erefted on the faid Lands, fhall for ever hereafter, in making any Rates or Afleflments for the paving, repairing, watching, lighting and cleanfing the feveral Streets and other Places in the faid Pariih pf Saint Mary It bone, be charged and aflefled, or rated thereto, as

56 Geo. III.	U	u	being

Veftrymen authorized to levy a Rate on Occupier* of Houfes, fcc. to defray Expence of paving, &c.

The Houfes, &c* in the Pariih of St. Mary le bone intended to be placed under the Provifions of 53	c.111.

being now rated

C. 128.

56° GEO. III.

AM

per, and the Intereft thereof, at fuch lower Kate as aforcM to pay off and difcharge the Mortgages, Alignments or Sea bearing a higher Rate of Intereft.

Commiflioneri LXIV. And be it further enaded, That the faid QmsA annually to for executing this A A fhall, at their Second Meeting is mj mike rAC" cau^c an Account of the Monies received and difburfri in tk criptiandDif- ceding Year, and the Amount of the Arrears of Rato da Uirfanents. and of the Balance of Cafh in Hand, to be made out, wiiidcfl it (hall be lawful for all Perfons rated or affeffed under ribrii of this Ad to the Rates or Affeffments afbrefaid, and tl Pa interefted therein, at all feafonable times to infped.

Recovery of LXV. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and R Penalties. tures hereinbefore impofed (the manner of recovering wfedi i hereby otherwife direded) (hail be levied and recovered byDi and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Ofts by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Sedb of Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County or fix* sis the Offender or Offenders (hall be or relide, which Wimatt Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant, upos6 feftion of the Party, or upon the Information of any credit Wb upon Oath; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (orfuck of tk or fuch Part thereof, as are or is not direded to beotMeiffi by this Ad) (hall be paid to the Treafuner to the toi OaaSm for executing this Ad, and applied for fuch of tkfurpcfasfc Ifnot fuffident (aid, as fuch Commiffioners (haU think proper; udisctfeM cient Diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch PenateaaWdOB

(hall not be forthwith paid, fuch Juftice or Juftices audattad authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their M t Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe the Offender orOfafat Imprisonment. be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Com

fuch County or Place, there to remain without BaftorMi*p»j any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unleft id M or Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending tkfccw thereof, (hall be fooner paid and fadsfted.

Commiffioners	LXVI. And be it further enaded. That all fuch Coruini&B

in Cormpiffion of as are or (hall be Juftices of the Peace may ad as Jufbces is aft as*jSicesf Matters under the Authority of this Ad, not with ftandingtlwrie Commiffioners; and that in all cafes where any Juftice or Jabs the Peace is or are authorized by this Ad to examine any Ms Perfona on Oath or Affirmation, it (hall be lawful for fuch Jdw Juftices, and he and they is and are hereby required to admiiiifafc Oath, or to take any Affirmation, inhabitants may LXV II. And be it further enaded. That in all Adioos, Proko tivs Evidence, tions, Informations, Caufea and Proceedings whatfoever, riqM or concerning the Execution of this Ad, no Perfon refidiq1* the Limits of this Ad (hall be deemed incompetent to gi«E^ by reafon of fuch Perfon being charged with and liable Commiffioners Rate or Affeffment by virtue of this Ad; and that tfcWCoa to fueorbe fued miffioners for executing this Ad may fue or be fuedintklhl * 'I'***9™ rf of their Treafurer or Clerk > and that no A&oq to be brought 4 oc^Clerk. **** OT a£a*nft the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft or uy I them, by virtue of this Ad, (hall abate or be difcootiaacd M Death or Removal of any fuch Treafurer or Clerk; but that d Treafurer or Clerk for the time being to findi Coannffiosen k

ilflj

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.128.

659

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Provifofor nothing herein contained ftiall operate, extend or be conftrued to abridge* take away, prejudice or affeft any Jurifdi&ion, Power or Authority which is by Law now vefted in the Commiffioners of Sewers of the Diftri&s in which the laid Premifes are lituate; but that all fuch Jurifdi&ion, Power and Authority, (hall and may be exercifcd by fuch laft mentioned Commiffioners, in fuch and the like manner aa if this A£t had not been palled.

* LXXXIII. And Whereas many Bodies Corporate and other 1 public Bodiea and many Periona formed into Societies for the

*	Promotion and Advancement of the Arts, or of Literature and 4 Knowledge, or for Charitable or other ufeful Purpofea, are ( frequently defirous of ere&ing Buildings for the tranfa&ing and

*	carrying on the feveral ufeful rurpofea m which they are engaged,

4 and are unable to obtain convenient Spots of Ground or Scitea for 4 fuch Buildings, or for Eaierpents and Accommodations thereto;

4 and it would be very beneficial to the Public if His Majefty, his

*	Heirs and Succeftbrt, was and were enabled to grant and veil in 4 any fuch Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or 4 Perfons, and their Succeilbrs, Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators

*	refpe&ivtly, fufficxcnt Spots and Parcels of Land for the erecting 4 fuch Buildings thereon, or for Curtilages, AccefTcs or other Con-4 veniencies, Eafements or Accommodations to any Buildings eredted 4 or to be eroded for the Purpofes aforefaid, and alfo for

4 Cemeteries or Burial Grounds $’ Be it therefore ena&ed, That HU Majefty The Kang’s Moft Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and Succelfors, Ihall empowered to have full Power and Authority to give and grant to and veft in any lo®od,c* Body or Bodies Polhie or Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societ^Laod Societies or Perfons, all or any Part of the Eftate, Intereft or for eredhng Property of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffor3, in any Lands, Buildings there-Tenements or Hereditaments within the Survey of the Court of on for the uieful Exchequer in England, fttuate within the Bills of Mortality, in order	m

to be appropriated as a Scite or Scitea for ere&ing thereon any	***

Building or Buildings for any of the Purpofea aforefaid, or to be ufed as or for a Curtilage or Curtilages, or for an Accefs or Aecfeffes to any Budding or Buildings erefted or to be ereded for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, or to be ufed for any Convenience,

Ea&ment or Accommodation thereto, or connected therewith, or for Cemeteries or Burial Grounds, and fuch Body or Bodies Corporate, or other public Bodies, Societies or Perfons, and their Heirs, Sue-cefibrs, Executors or Adminiftrators, ihall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the fame j and whenever it ihall be the Pleafure of His Majefty, nis Heirs or SuccefTors, to make a Grant for any fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, it iKall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiilioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, to iffue a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any fuch Body or Bodies Corporate or other public Bodies, Societies or Perfons as aforefoid, which Warrant Audi be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever, and ihall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Xftvifioa or County within which the Premifes therein fpecified (hall be fituate, and alfo in the Offiee of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’* Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue*; and fuch Auditor and fodh Coffimiflkmers having enrolled the fold Warrant

U u 2	ihall

C. 12*,

66° GEO. III.

A.&1I

Certiorari.

Plaintiff'dull not recover after Tender of fuf-firient Amends.

Diftrefs not unlawful for want of Form.

quathed for want natter or thing to be done or traniaded, in or relating to say ( of Form.	plaint	or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereos ni

laid, fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form only, orj moved or removable into any of Hit Majefty^a Court* of Ron Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefa whatfoever; ayj Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithlanding.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further eaa&d, TWl Plaintiff (hall recover in any A&iou for any Irregubriry, Ifcj or wrongful Proceeding, made or committed in Execmm of J Ad, if fuffident Tender of Amends (hall be made by oroife hi of the Party or Parties who (hall have committed or caofaluWl mitted anj fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful ProcredingU fuch Adion brought; ana in cale no fuch Tender (hall be I made, it (hall be lawful for the Defendant or Defeudaat* b uji Adion*, by Leave of the Court where fuch Adion flail dmq any time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum cf Mfl as he or they (hall lte fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding! or 04 and Judgment (hall be had, made or given by fuch Coart, uaril Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money ion Cat LXXII. And be it further enaded. That whew ay Dm (hall be made for Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, d Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the tatfcrM making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or TrefosfaisfatffcN account of any Irregularity which (hall after*? wUfelf* Party «r Parties dill raining ; but the Perfou or bib yri by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfadios hbtapM Damage only in an Adlon on the cafe.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded. That no A (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfou* hrayd®^1 be done in purfuance of this Ad, until Twenty ewklWl®* thereof (hall be given to the Clerk to the (aid Conrifaw b executing this Ad, or after fuch fuffident SatjAfligefab thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or afterSsObb Months next after the Fad committed; and every fuch * Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County of Mii&fa not elfewhere ; and the Defendant in every fuch Action « fhall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad wi Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thmnp°*W that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority dffi Ad; and if the fame fhall appear to have been io done, or f • Adion or Suit fhall be brought before Twenty eight thereof (hall be given as aforefaid, or after fufficieot Satf* made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the time herrinbefore w* for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other Cos*!* Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall fiud a VWttbw Defendant, and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff Nonfuit, or difeontinue his or her Adion or Suit afterkj* fendant (hall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgment ftuib! againft the Plamtiff, then the Defendant fhall recover Tub1 and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Dcfradut A# Cofti of Suit in other cafes of Law.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded. That the Rate* am roents authorized and allowed to be made, laid and affeffed M

Limitation of Aftioos.

Treble Cofts.

Rata* under

53 O.j. e. US.

made upon Commiffioners under the laft recited Ad patted in the Fifty ^

IP GEO. III.

661

C.129, ISO.

themfelves; or whereby any poor Perfon or Perfons may be compelled to remain in any Houle of lnduftry or Workhoufe, until the Charges and Expepces to which any Diftrid, Parifti, Town (hip or Hamlet may have been put or become liable or chargeable for the Maintenance or Support of fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, or any of his or her Family, {hall be repaid or reimburfed or Satisfied by the Earnings or Labour of fuch poor Perfon or Perfons; or whereby any poor Child or Children whomfoever is or are rendered liable to be apprenticed to any Governor, Diredor, or Mafter of any fuch Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe; or whereby any Parifti, Town, ftiip or Hamlec, at a greater Diftance than Ten Miles from fuch Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe, (hall hereafter be empowered or authorized to become Contributors to, or to take the Benefit of fuch Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe ; or whereby any Diredore,

Governors, Guardians or Mafters of any fuch Houfe or lnduftry or Workhoufe, are authorized or empowered to hire out any poor Perfon or Perfons of full Age, or to contract or agree with any Perfon or Perfons to have and take the Profit of the Labour of fuch poor Perfon or Perfons; {hall be wholly and Severally, and the fame are hereby wholly and Severally, repealed.

II.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of Con6ntng th# this Ad, k (hall not be lawful for any Governor, Diredor, Guardian 1>oor *7 Chains or Mafter, of any Houfe of lnduftry or Workhoufe, on any Pretence, or£^|acle* to chain, or confine by Chains o? Manacles, any poor Perfon of w w fane Mind.

An A& to repeal an Ad made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin Aft to extend the Provi/tons of an Aft made in the Seven-teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled * An Aft to amend and make more effeftual the Laws relating 4 to Roguesy Vagabonds and other idle and diforderly Perfons ; 4 and to Houfes of Correftion / and to make other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[id July 1816.]

HE REAS the Laws now in force have been found in-

fufficient to prevent idle and diforderly Perfons from going 4 out armed in the Night time for the Deftrudion of Game : And 4 Whereas fuch Pradices are found by Experience to lead to the 4 Coramifiion of Felonies and Murders:’ For the more effedual Suppreffion thereof, may k therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a (Tern bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Ad made in the.Thirty 39 *40 G. ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to c'o0*™!** extend the Provifions of an A3 made in the Seventeenth Teqr of King George the Second, intituled 4 An A3 to amend and .male more 4 ejfeBual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and 4 diforderly Perfons ; and to Houfes of Corrsdiojn,9 be repealed.

II.	And be jt further enaded, That if any JPcr^on or Perfons Per^D*

(hall, after the palling of this Ad, unlawfully enter ipto or be found

tt •« q	a

CAP. CXXX.

m

CU-28.

56° GEO. Ill;

d

Paving the Strtets, kc. in Saint Mary le bone ft ill fubjr£t to the Veftry-men of that PariOu

Watch Boxes and Lamps to be provided by the Commtftioners, and afterwards

prifed within the Limits of fuch Contrail or Contn&sui put under the Jurifdidion of the Commiffionert, appointed appointed by virtue of this A61, (hall bear to the whole Si Superfical Quantity ef the Land or Ground comprifed in, I or to which fuch Contra# or Contracts (hall extend; and Commiffionert, Committeemen, Veftrymen and Truftccs, an authorized and empowered to retain and make fuch Dedai Abatement accordingly, from and out of the Sum or Sussof which they would otherwife have had to pay or allow:? i: Contractor or Contractors under or by virtue ofanyfdCc or Contract as aforefaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enafted, That fuch of the Circuffes, Ways, Places, Courts or Paffages comprifed v ProvKions of the faid firft recited A# as are fituate or lie wit faid Pari(h of Saint Mary le bone (hall, notwitMaoding aar Provifions of this prefent A#, remain and be fubjed to thei Controul and Jurifdi&ion of the Veftrymen of the faid fta Saint Mary le bone ; and that the Duty, Power and Aatkd paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting and watching the fast$6 Circuffes, Ways, Courts or Paffages (Hall be and re/naii «f the Veftrymen of the faid Parifli for the time being, who Gal the fame Streets, Circuffes, Ways and Places to be wild t tually paved over, both irir the Carriage and Footap wid Materials of the prefent Pavement, fo far as thr&w«2exte and with fuch Quantity of new Materials as fcaftkiqafe&rtl Purpofe, and (hall and will relay, repair and make god nay I of fuch laft mentioned Streets, Circuffes, Ways, Courts ad which (hall be difturbed or altered in carrying the hod Ml w A# into Execution, to the good Liking and SatishfonoftlitC miffioners for the time being, for carrying the faid firft rated; and this A# into Execution.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted, That the CmaX* to be appointed under and by virtue of this Ad (hall place and affix fuch and fo many good and fubftantial Wadik for the Watchmen, and fuch and fo many proper 2nd fiiriba

kept in Repair Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners for kgfctof by the Veftry- fame Circuffes, Streets and Places, of fuch Dimeufioni mi ()a wieo of St. Mary and at fuch Diftances from each other, and to be painted sod UK le bone.	in	fuch	manner as (hall accord and correfpond with the Pi its*

Lamp Pofts, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes which (hall beadr< fet up in the other Parts of fuch intended New Street, or as sou flmilar thereunto as Circumftances will permit; and that tk Watch Boxes, Lamp Pofts, Lamp Irons, with Lamp Buraefij b for ever after the Ere&ion thereof, by the faid Commiffioumkl be appointed under or by virtue of this Aft, be kept in spiff fuch Veftrymen, or by and at the Expence of the Pariw to* Mary le bone ; and that the foie Right and Property ments, Stones, Lamp Pofts, Lamp Irons and Watch at any time hereafter to be laid, erefted, fet up and fixed is W of the faid Streets, Circuffes, Ways, Courts or Paffages coc^ within the Provifions of the faid firft recited AS, as are or tSwk /	fituate	within the faid Bari(h of Saint Mary le font, M

to and be and continue to be veiled in the {aid Veftrymen of # faid Pariffi of Saint Mary If bom for the time being, any tto;*1

56° GEO- III.

C. 131, 132,

663

CAP. CXXXI.

An A ft to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June •

One thoufand eight hundred and Seventeen, an Ad of the Fifty fecond Tear of Hit prefeat Majefty, for the more eflfeftual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	[ift July j8i6«]

*	\T7HEREAS ao Aft was paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of 5* 0*3* c*7*

4 W His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AEt for the more

4 effectual P ref creation of the Peace, by enforcing toe flutter of

*	Watching and Warding, until the Firft Day of March One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fourteen in Place,s where Difturbances prevail or 4 are apprehended: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame (hould

*	be revived and continued Be it therefore ena&ed by The Ring’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in thin prefent Parliament affembkd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the (aid Aft Recited Aare-£bafl, from and after the pafiing of this Aft, be and the fame is hereby vived and con. revived and continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufanu tinu*d-right hundred and Seventeen.

CAP. CXXXII-An Aft for enlarging the time for making the Award refpeft-ing Hit Majefty’s Allotments under an Aft of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Windfor For eft; and for extending the Provifions of the faid Aft.

£ift July 1816.J

4 YX7HEREAS by an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the 530,,

4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for yefting in I ®* *38. 4 Hie Mtyyfty certain Parts of Windfor Foreft in the County of Berks 5 4 and for inclofing the Open Commonable Lands within the faid Foreft,

4 it was, among* other things, enafted, that the Commifiioner therein 4 appointed on the behalf of His Majefty for the Purpofes of the 4 laid Aft, and the Comraiflioner to be appointed for and on the

* behalf of the Several Proprietors of Land in the Several Parilhes 4 therein mentioned, (hotud in their refpe&ive Parilhes appoint,

4 afcertain and Set out the Public Carriage Roads and Highways 4 therein mentioned, over the Lands and Grounds to be allotted 4 and Set out to His Majefty; and that all fuch Public Carriage 4 Roads and Highways which (hould be fo ordered by the faid 4 Commiffioners as aforefaid, with all necelfaxy Drains, Water-4 courfes, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, mould be made and 4 for ever thereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Coft*

4 and Charges of His Majefty, his Heirs and Sucpeflbrs; And 4 Whereas for the better making and keeping in Repair the Several 4 Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercouries, Arches, Bridges and 4 Fences which by the laid recited Aft are direfted to be made and 4 kept in Repair by and at the Expence of His Majefty, it is expe-4 dient that Prpviiion (hould be made for enfuring the making and 4 repairing fuch Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercouries, Arches,

4 Bridges and Fence* according to the true Intent and Meaning of the 4 faid recited Aft j’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft

U u i	Excellent

65$

C.128.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.1

in the Pariih Books at 6P84L per Aranam, Avail continue to be fo rated for the Paving, fcc. under this Aft.

Vestrymen to have the fame Powers to levy Rates.

Provide for Afts relating to St. Mary k bone, except where hereby altered.

Langham Place Pavement to be veiled in the Veftrymen of St. Mary !e bone.

being altogether and in the Whole of the Yearly Rent of Vi Six thoufand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; tod th (hall, from and after the paf&ng of this Ad, and for ever tta be charged and affefled at the laid Yearly Rent of Six thoofa eighty four Pounds, whether the Rents or Values of the (a be more or left, and that fuch Yearly Rent or Value (hall bet and divided rateably and proportionably upon all the Hoofaj] logs, Lands and Hereditaments fo to be taken and ofed for the pofes aforefaid, fituate within the faid Parifh of Saint M*jk or rated thereto, or upon the Owners or Occupiers thereof; ad no greater Rate of Sum (hall be at any time hereafter charged any fnch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or ops new eroded Buildings or Improvements to be made them upon any Perfons for or in refped thereof, who do or fttall id hold, occupy or enjoy the lame, for or towards the paving, repd deandng, lighting and watching the feveral Streets aad other! in the laid rariln of Saint Mary le bone, or ratal thercty i Pound Rate, bearing the fame Proportion to the faidAoudtt Six thoufand and eighty four Pounds as (hall he chagedmli other Inhabitants of the faid Parifh, in reference to or nitM the Ycariy Rent or Value at which their refpe&iwHwfaW rated and affefled in the Books of the faid Parifh, to tk tah nefpedive Rates aforefaid, but that the faid Veftrymoi «f fib I Parifh of Saint Mary k bone (hall and map and berm M authorized and empowered, from time to timefavpfift this Ad, to rate and affefs all fuch Houfes, Builtotfdnm ihents fo to be taken Or ufed by the faid Couunhm^Bil Houfes and Buildings hereafter to be ereded audbdtatW Olr the Owners or Occupiers thereof, for the pavbg, tow deanfing, lighting and watching the fame, at the Amd W Sum of Six tnouland and eighty four Pounds, whether tkhse II he of dial adual Rent or Value or not; and that the MM* Aafi have the fatae Powers and Authorities for taifing, iecri«|ll levying the fame as they now have forJevying and nulintfa*^ Rates Within the faid Parifh, under ana by virtue of the W of Parliament for the Management and Regulation of thcW*

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That noth contained (hall extend or be con ft rued to extend to alter, weaken any of the Powers, Claufes, Provifoes, Enidnwtt thbrities contained in the feveral Afts of Parfiaificntfor^ the Affairs of the Parifh of Saint Mary k bone in the C* Mtd&kft*, except fo far as the fame ate by this Aft altemlai but that the fame feveral Powers and Authorities (hall reaaai in full Force and Effed as if this Ad had not palH *1 hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithttandio|.

* LXXXI. And Whereas feveral Perfons in that Parti#

* Street called Lattgbam Place have already paved 4 faid new Streets as lies in front of their refpeftisflj#

4 Grounds thereto belonging ;* Be it enaded, That all tk W fo laid down (hall be and become the Property tod ffW Veftrymen of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le boot fat® being, upon their paying to the faid nefpedive Perfons tk between the Compofition ufually taken by the hid VcttfpJ paving the Streets within the faid Parifh, and the Sea t expended on the fame.	^

A.D.1816.	56®	GEO, III.	C.	132.

Watercourfe, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto fo complained of, as the faid Juft ices (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Com-miffioners of His Majefty* s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of His Majefty's Woods and Forefts for the time being, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Parifh or Pari flies in which fuch Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourfe, Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto fo complained of, (hall be iituate, to be by them applied in or about the making or Repairs of the Road or Highway, Drain, Watercourfe, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto fo complained of, and which Sum or Sums the faid Com-miffioners or Surveyor General are hereby authorized and required to advance out of any Money in their or his Hands arifing from the Land Revenue of the Crown not fpecifically appropriated by or under the Authority of any Alt or Adis of Parliament; and which Sum or Sums fuch Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways is and are hereby alfo required to lay out accordingly: Provided always, that no Proceedings (hall be had on any Fuch Petition, unlefs it (hall appear to the laid Juftices that a true Tranfcript or Copy thereof (hall have been delivered to the faid Commiffioners of Wooas, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the faid Surveyor General for the time being, or one of them, or their Secretary or known Officer, at the Office of the faid Commiffioners or Surveyor General for the time being. Twenty one Days at leaft before the Firft Day of any Quarter Selfions at which the matter of the faid Petition (nail be heard, and the like Notice (hall in all cafes be given previous to any fubfequent Proceeding on the Matter of any fuch Petition.

II.	And for the better enabling fuch Juftices in Quarter Seffion* to determine the Matter of any fuch Petition, be it ena&ed, That every Perfon and Perfons who (hall be required by any Subpoena or other legal Procefs to attend any Court of Quarter Seffions afore-faid as a Witnefs or Witnefles, to teftify the Truth touching the matter in Difpute refpe&ing the making or repairing any fuch Road, Highway, Drain, Watercourfe, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto, in manner afbrefaid, (hall attend in obedience to every fuch Subpoena or other legal Procefs; and in cafe of Nonappearance of any fuch Witnefs or Witnefles purfuant to fuch Subpoena or other legal Procefs, he, (he or they (nail be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the like Pains and Penalties as any other Witnefs or Witnefles making default is or are liable to by Law, in cafes of the like Nature, in which fuch Court of Quarter Seffion (hall have competent Jurifdi&ion or Authority.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in any Examination, Affidavit, Depofition or Affirmation to be had or taken in purfuance of this A&, in or before any Court of Quarter Seffion as aforefaid, or in or before any Court of Law or Equity whatfoever, knowingly or wilfully fwear or affirm any matter or thing which (hall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hafl on Convi&ion thereof be deemed guilty of Peijury, and (hall fuffer the like Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are now fubje& and liable to.

L * IV. And Whereas by an A& made in the Fifty fifth Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to amend an A& of * the Fifty third Tear of Hit prefent Majefty for vefting in Hit Majefty 4 certain Parte of Wmdfor Foreft in the County of Berks, an d for

* tnclofng

6 63

piid by Commif-fioners of Woods and Forefts for making and repairing Road;, Sec.

No Proceedings unlefs Copy of Petition deli* vered to Com-miffionera %l Days before Quarter Seffions*

Witnefles to attend Quarter Seffions.

Default*

Penalty.

Swearing faliely.

Peijury.

55 O.3. e»il*. i z.

56® GEO. III.

Immediately after Enrolment of Grant, Grantees taken to be in the artual Seifin of Premifet fpecified in the Warrant.

Com million ers of L«od Revenue in their Report to certify all luch Grants.

Certain Enad* menu in Local Poor Alts, parted fince the Commencement of the Reign of Geo. x. arto compelling poor Perlons to go to Houfei of Induftry,&c. repealed.

C. 128, 129.

AJX!

(hall certify fitch Enrolment at the Foot or on the Back t' under his or their Hand or Hands, and return the laid Wan the Grantee or Grantees of fuch Lands and Premifes, and fine immediately after fuch Enrolment thereof the refpeftireGi named in fuch Warrant, and their Heirs, SnccefTort, Execut Adminiftrators, (hall by force of this A& be adjudged, dews taken to be in the adual Seifin and Pofieffion of the Premifa faid Warrant fpecified, and fhall hold and enjoy the hat t abfolutely and in Perpetuity, or for fuch limited EfUte, To Intereft, and under and fubjed to fuch Referratiomof Renton Acknowledgements or Reftridions in relation to the BA be ereded thereon, and the Form, Elevation or Defign th the Line on which the fame fhall range, or the Ufei or Pm to which the fame fhall be applied, or any other Regnii Reftridions or Provifions in regard thereto, as to The Kiag't I Excellent Majefty (hall feem meet, and in foch Warn* hi fpecified, inferted, dire&ed or contained; any Law, StflftorM to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ended, Tht Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts sod Lnd lam for the time being, (hall, in every Report which (hall be nk them to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, and to both Hoi of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Remm if t Crown, from and after the palling of this Ad, certt^r and rrpi every Grant which (hall have been made under aadby virtaeof d Provifions of this Ad, fincc the time of the aaduag tier hi preceding Report, and to whom and for what Pnrpcfe tk (at fhall have been made, and what Land or Ground U be therein, and all other Particulars relating thereto.

CAP. CXXIX.

An A£l to repeal certain Provifions in Local Ads fa tj Maintenance and Management of the Poor.

*	TT 7 HERE AS divers Local Ada of Parliament ba* h

*	W pa(Ted, containing Ena&ments relative to the Jta « and Regulation of the Poor, varying the general Law wnhi

<	to particular Diftrids, Parilhes, Townflups or Hamlets;

<	is expedient that fome of fuch Enadments fhould be rep Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent M^ei and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiots Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament ifie&ta by the Authority of the fame. That all Enadments and Free contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament fince the Goae meat of the. Reign of His late Majefty King Gwpikf whereby any poor Perfon or Perlbns, other than fid * adually apply for and receive Parochial Relief, are made compellable to go or remain in anv Houle of lefoh Work haute % or whereby any poor Perfon or Perfooi art detained or kept in any Houfe of Induftry or Workboufe; Difcretion of the Governors or Dire&ors thereof, or i Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of any Diftrid, Townfhip or -Hamlet, after fuch Perfons are capable of nuiol

i A-D. 1816.

S6-GE0.IIL

C. 132.

667

&

i

*«

k

I,

:r

:»x

31

:u

a

r.

e:

:i

M

tf

t

I.

J

V

jj

*

l

f

i

I



4 Regard of the Cud Foreft, then fuch Jury or Juries (hould find for 4 the Plaintiff, and then and in fuch cafe the laid Manor and Parilh 4 (hould be deemed to be within the Provifions of the faid A&, and 4 the Commons and Waftc Lands thereof (hould be fubjed to fuch

*	Providons and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be

*	awarded to His Majefty, as were in the faid Ad contained in

*	relation to the faid Parifties and Manors, and Wades and Commons*

4 within the Regard of the (aid Foreft ; but if it (hould appear to the 4 (aid Jury that His Majefty was entitled to Foreftal Rights within 4 the fame Manor and Parifh, but that fuch Rights had been dim*

4 nifhed or reftrided by Grants or Charters, or other Means, fo as 4 that fuch Foreftal Rights of Hia Majefty were not fo entendre in 4 the faid Manor and Parifh as in the other Parifties and Manors 4 mentioned in the faid Ad, then and in fuch laft mentioned cafe fuch 4 Jury or Juries (hould find and declare by their Verdid, that His 4 Majefty had only limited Foreftal Rights in the (aid Manor and 4 Parifh which (hould be indorfed on the Poftea ; and then the (aid 4 Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdid or Verdids given in the 4 I due or Iffues joined, (hould a fiefs and award what Proportion of 4 the Soil of the Wafte and Open Lands within the fine Manor and 4 Parifh would be a juft and fair Compenfation Cor Inch His (aid 4 Majefty’a Foreftal Rights therein: And Whereas the (aid Iffue was 4 tried before a Special Jury at the Summer Affizes in the Year One 4 thou fend eight hundred and fourteen, holden for the faid County of 4 Berks, when fuch Jury trying the Came (among other things) found 4 by their Verdid, that the (aid Manor and Panfh of Es^bamtfiead,

4 continually from time immemorial, had been and were within the 4 Metes and (except the faid Park) Parcel of the (aid Foreft, and 4 that the (aid Park was, up to and until the Second Day of Jwne 4 in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles 4 the Firft, alfo within the Metes and Parcel of the faid Foreft, and 4 that the (aid Park of EaihamfjUad was fituate within the (aid 4 Manor and Parifh of Eajlbampfiead, and that His prefcnt Majefty 4 was not entitled to any Foreftal Right or Inteceft within the (aid 4 Park; but that the fame Park was exempt from all the Laws of 4 the faid Foreft, and all the Rights of the Crown in refpcd thereof ;

4 and the (aid Jury alfo found that His faid prefent Majefty, and His 4 Predecefiors, Kings and Queens of England, had continually, from 4 tune immemorial, within the fame Manor and Parifh (except in the 4 faid Park, from the faid Second Day of June in the Twelfth Year 4 of the Reign of His Cud late Majefty King Charles the Firft) ex-4 ercjfed fuch Foreftal Rights and Interefts as were churned by and 4 belonged to His Majefty in and over the Parifties and Places within 4 the Regard of die (aid Foreft, and that before and on the Twenty 4 feventh Day of February in the Twentieth Year of the Reign 4 of the late King Henry the Third the had Manor and Parifh were

*	within the Regard of the (aid Foreft, but whether or not His (aid 4 prefent Majefty was entitled to any Foreftal Right or Intend 4 within the (aid Manor tad Parifh of Eafibamgfisad out of the find 4 Park, for which a Compenfetkm ought to be made trader and by 4 virtue of the had Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His 4 faid prefent Majefty, the had Jury had they were ignorant, and 4 therefore by a Special Verdid referred the fame to Set Barons of 4 Hia M$dLy’s Court of Exchequer* in which Court the faid

Aftion

e

* 56°GEO. 111.

Night time, with apparent Intent to kill or deftroy Game, may, on Convidion, be tranfparted, &c.

Returning.

Traofportatioa for Life.

Such Perfons may be apprehended and conveyed before a Juftice, who in Default of Bail may commit them.

c. iso.

AJUI

in any Foreft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other or inclofed Ground in the Night time, that it to lay, bet wee Hours of Fight of the Clock at Night and Seven in the Mot from the Firft Day of OSoher to the Firft Day of Meni between the Hours of Ten at Night and Four in the Morning, the Firft Day of March to the Firft Day of Ojiokr, in ed every Year, having any Gun, Net, Engine or other Inftnjme^ the Purpofe and with the Intent to deftroy, take or kiB, or wilfully deftroy, take or kill any Hare, Rabbit, Pheafant, Paw Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Groufe am called Red Game or iny other Game; or if any Perfoo orN ffiall be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or with other offenfive Weapon, prote&ing, aiding, abetting or afiftw fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaict, every Perfon fo ofib&gj thereof lawfully convi&ed, ihall be adjudged guilty of i J demeanor, and ihall be fentenced to Tranfportation for ay 7k not exceeding Seven Years, or (Hall receive fuch other ftafa as may by Law be infii&ed on Perfons guilty of MiffancaM as the Court before which fuch Offenders may be tried ad oatt ihall adjudge; and if any fuch Offender or Oibodmk&ito into Great Britain before the Expiration of the Term for wlssfc or they ihall be fo tranfported, contrary to the Intent sad ifea hereof, he or they fo returning, and being thereof ddf Audi be adjudged guilty at Felony, and ihall bt toad? Tranfportation for the Term or Terms of his ortfereWnlli or Lives.

III. And for the more eafy and fpeedy bringing die Ofod® againft this A61 to Juftice, be it further ena&ed, Tnublw may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, sadtoadj the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Clofe or other op« * Ground, and alfo for his, her or their Keeper and Keepn £*** and Servants, and alfo for aay other Perfoo or Perfoe,tfl^®i apprehend, or to affift in feiziag and apprehending fuchOW^ Offenders by virtue of this A &, and by the Authority of tie mj convey and deliver fuch Offender or Offenders into the CoMf® Peace Officer, who is hereby authorised and direded to cog* Offender or Offenders before fome One of Hit the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Obce alledged to have been committed; or in cafe foch Ow* Offenders (hall not be fo apprehended, then k Hull andl*T lawful for any fuch Juftice, on Information before 01 ^ fc of any credible Witnefs or Wnnefies, to iffue his Wanut Apprehenfion of fnch Offender or Offenders; tod if op* prehenfion of any fuch Offender or Offenders, k foal IPP* ^ Juftice on the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witoefo Perfon or Perfons fo charged hath or haw bees either of the faid Offences, it (hall and may be lawful for to admit fuch Perfon or Perfons fo charged to Bad, tdaJ of Bail to commit foch Perfon or Perfons to the ^ until the next General Quarter Seffions of the ftace* °*, ^ General Commiffio* of Gaol Delivery to he bslda «* . .u

County or Place, Ad is dizoded.

there to be tried an4 4tik wtt * ’'

CA?'

A.D.181&

56° GEO. Utr

C.1S2, ISS;

669

Quality and Situation confidered, in fatisfadion of His Majefty’s Foreftal Rights and Interefts in and over the faid Manor and Paiiih; but if the laid Robert Gifford (hall not make his Award on or before the time herein appointed for that Purpofe, or if he (hall award that His Majefty’B Foreftal Rights and Interefts in the faid Manor and Parifh are not diminilhed or reftrided in confequence of the faid Park being found to be exempt from all the Laws of the faid Foreft and all the Rights of the Crown in refped thereof, then they the faid Commiflioners (hall fet out, allot and award, unto and for His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, fo much of the Open and Wafte Lands within the faid Manor and Pari(h as, Quantity, Quality and Situation confidered, (hall be equal to Nine thirty fecond Parts of the whole of the Waile Lands in the faid Manor and Pari(h, in fatis-fa&ion of His Majefty’s Foreftal Rights and Interefts in and over the faid Manor and Parifti, any thing herein or in the faid recited Ada contained to the contrary hereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act for making Provifion to defray the Annual Charge of any Loan of this Seffion of Parliament. [ift July 1816.]

< TT7HEREAS it is neceflary that Provifion (hould be made 4 W for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed annual Charge 4 occafioned by any Loan made under the Authority of any Ad 4 paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament;’ Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament* aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after die Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fixteen, out of the Monies to arife by the Duties granted by an Ad made in this Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butterf there (half be fet apart the yearly Sum of Nineteen thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven Pounds; and out of the Monies to arife by another Ad made in this Seftion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheefe, there (hall be~ fet apart the yearly Sum of Fifteen thoufand eight hundred and Seven Pounds3 and out of the Monies to arife by another Ad of the fame Seffion, intituled An A3 to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excife on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland, and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof there (hall be fet apart the yearly Sum of Six hundred and twenty nine thoufand feven hundred and fixty Pounds; and out of the Monies to arife by Two other Ads of the fame Seffion, intituled An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cufloms upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seedf and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms on Rape Seed Cakes, Linfeed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fifb (except Whale Fins) imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof there (hall be fet apart the yearly Sum of Three thoufand nine hundred and fixty fix Pounds; and after {ietting apart the faid feveral Sums, being the aggregate Amount of the refpedive Duties on the faid fe-veraT Articles for Two Years laft paft, the Remainder of the Monies

Certain Sums to be fet apart arifing under tht following Ada, vis.

c. 15. ante, c. 26. ante, c. 44. ante.

«. 75. ante, c. 79. ante.

After felting apart the Sums i herein mentioned, the Remaiie* der (hall be an Addition to the Public Revenue for defraying the Charge of any Loan of this Seffion.

66!t

C.132.

86* GEO. III.

A.av

Two Juftices certifying that the Roads and Bridges, tec. direded to be made and kept in Repair by His Majefty under the recited Ad, are not made, or out of Repair, Complaint to be made to Quarter Sefltons, if not made or put in Repair within Three Months.

And Quarter Seilions may or-'	*	5noey	to	be

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the! Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent M aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and the paffing of this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for asy Juftices of the Peace a&ing in and for the faid County of Btr view all or any of the Roads, Highways, Drains, Warns Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, which, in and by the lain Ad, His Majefty is liable to make or repair, and by aCra and Notice in Writing under their Hands, to certify that cr Road or Roads, Highways, Drains, Watercourfes, Arci»,Ba or Fences thereto, by the (aid recited Ad dire&ed to be d repaired by His Majefty, is or are in their Judgment not made a of Repair, and to what Extent, and in what Particulars, iod in Parifh or Parifhes the fame is or are iituate, and that the fur a to be made or repaired by and at the Expence of His Majr^y; in cafe fuch Certificate and Notice (hall be delivered to tkG miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Laud Jtee, the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the tine teg, any or either of them, or their Secretary or known Officer, X Office of the faid Commiffioners or Surveyor General for the ti being, and the Road or Roads, or Highways, Drains, Warnasi Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, by the laid CtriSatnsih tice certified to be neceflary to be made or repaired brad x d Expence of His Majefty, (hall not be well and. Mafyoxjec repaired to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftices who Idl fane £gao fuch Certificate, or any Two other Juftices ading iau&tv&fcii County of Berks, within the Space of Three Calendar Mcstk ire the time of the Delivery of fuch Certificate and Notice to dr. lx Commiffioners or Surveyor General for the time being, or fuch tin Officer as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe it (bill tod air! lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, topnh Petition or Petitions to the Juftices of the Peace, at thdraotcr sr fubfequent Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held far the ui County of Berks, reprefenting that any Road or Highway, Dra Watercourfe, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto, by the faid rtatd A dire died to be made or repaired by or at the Expenceof HisMtjd iias not been made, or is or are out of Repair, and to what Ena and in what Particulars, and in what Parifli or Parifhes the (aoess are fttuate, and the faid Juftices at fuch their Quarter Se&ozs, Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized and required to W«1 determine the matter of every fuch Petition, and in cafe they bl thereupon find that fuch Road or Highway, Drain, WawwrtJ Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto fo complained of, is not eder not in fufficient Repair, to make fuch Order upon the Cmw&vn of His Majefty*® Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or tkSff-veyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, fcr k making or repairing fuch Road, Highway, Drain, Wiwwto Arch, Bridge and Fence thereto, within a time to be limittiaiA Order; and in cafe the fame Road or Highway, Drain, Wxer* courfe, Arch, Bridge or Fence thereto fo complained of, Cafinot be made or fufficiently repaired within the time limited by (xi •Order, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid fcfa in Quarter Seffions aflembled, to order fuch Sum and Sums of for the making or Repair of the faid Road or Highway, D«V

A.D. 2816.

56° GEO. IIL

C.135.

*71

CAP. CXXXV.

An Aft for authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to order the Payment of a certain Sum of Money to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal.

Qift July i8i6.]

4 \\J HEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Thirty third Year of the 33 0.3. c. 104. 4 VV Reign of Hh prefent Majeffcy, intituled An A8 for making 4 and mmniaimtuf a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Looh Cn-4 nan in the Short of Argyll, the fcveral Perfons therein named 4 were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors 4 of the Crinan Canal for the Purpofe of making and completing 4 the faid Canid and other neceflary Work a; which Aft was amended 39 o. 3.«. xxvii, 4 and rendered more effeftuai by an Aft pafled in the Thirty ninth 4 Year of the Reign of His pretest Majcfty, intituled An AS for 4 amending and rendering more effeffttal an A8 puffed in the Thirty 4 third Tear of the Rdgn of Hit prefint Mayefiy, intituled4 An A8 for 4 mating'and maintaining a Navigable Caned from Loch Gilp to 4 Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll :* And Whereas a large Sum 4 of Money haring been fubkribed before the paffing of the faid 4 firft recked Aft, great Progrcfs was thereafter made in carrying 4 on the faid Work 5 bat many of the Subscribers baring failed to 4 make good their Subscriptions, the Said Undertaking, which is of

*	great National Importance, mud hare been abandoned if the Sum 4 of Twenty five thou find Pounds had not been advanced to the 4 (aid Company by the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the 4 Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by virtue of another Aft pafled

4 in the faid Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma» 39 G.*.c.lxxfc

*	jefty* intituled An A8 for empowering the Company of Proprietor*

*	of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of

*	Exchequer in Scotland the Sam advanced to them, for the Purpofe 1 of comjfieobu* the Jmd Navigation; for repealing fo much of an € AS of the Twenty fourth Tear of Hit prefint Meatfly at relate* to 4 the Jmd Company $ mod for endmiur the Barms of the faid Coart 4 of Exchequer to advance Part of tie Sum fo to he received, to the

* Company of Proprietor* ef the Crinan Canal, m certain Conditions t 4 And Whereas, purfamt to the Direftioas of the faid laft recited 4 Aft, al the Tow and Rates arifing from the faid Canal, and alfa 4 the Canal itfclf, and all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft of 4 the hud Company in and to the fame, and aH Quays, Hoafca,

4 Lands or other Property purchased for the Parpofes of the laid 4 Canal, have been angora and made over by the Rid Company to 4 the Lord Chief Baron or other Barons of the faid Court of Ex-4 chequer, until the (aid Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds, to*

4 gether with the Insert* for the fime afW the Rate of Five Pounds 4 per Centum per Annum, fhatt be completely paid or farisfied>: And 4 Whereas the laid Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds was ap-4 plied towards completing the laid Canal, but unforeseen Difficulties 4 haring arifen in carrying on the faid Work, and the great Rife in 4 the race of Labour ana Materials haring augmented the Expence 4 fe an greatly to exceed the Efismates, the laid Canal remained un-4 fMfhed, and the Public mm thereby deprived of the great Advaa-4 Urges which would wife therefrom to Commerce, to the FUheries

4 and

C. 135.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

45G.3-e.85.

51 O.3. €.1x7.

Btrons of Exchequer in Scot* land on Applies*

*	and to the Improvement of the Weftern Iflands and North Weft

*	Coaft of Scotland, and the Money which had been advanced would

*	have been loft if the farther Sum of Twenty five tboufand Pounds

*	had not been advanced to the faid Company for completing the 1 fame, out of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of Great 4 Britain9 for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and five, by ‘ virtue of an Aft palled in the Forty filth Year of the Reign of

*	His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for authorising the Com*

4 miff oners of Hit Mayefy's Treafury in Great Britain to advance 4 a certain Sum of Money, to be appued in completing the Crinan Go-4 nals and pursuant to the faid Aft, the Rates and Duties arifiag-

<	from the laid Canal, and all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft ‘ of the laid Company in and to the fame, and the Quays, Houles,

*	Lands and other Property aforefaid, remain vefted in the faid Lord

*	Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scot-	,

*	land, until not only the faid firft mentioned Sum of Twenty five	I

4 thoufand Pounds and all Intereft for the fame, but alfo the faid

‘ further Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds advanced under the

*	Provilions of the faid Aft, together with Intereft for the fame at

*	and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, (hall be

*	completely fatisfied and paid in the fame manner and as fully aad

*	effeaually as if another Alignment thereof had been made: And 4 Whereas by an Aft palled in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of 4 His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting to Hit Mcyefy 4 certain Sumt of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Bn-

*	tain, andfor applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Ser~

4 vice of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and for 4 further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Scjfton of Paris-4 merit, a Sum not exceeding Five thoufand Pounds was granted to 4 His Majefty towards completing the Repairs which were then

*	neceflary in confequence of an Inundation of the faid Canal in

*	the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eleven; and the Sum 4 of Five thoufand Pounds having been foon afterwards received 4 accordingly from the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury, the « Tolls and Rates arifing from the faid Canal, aad alfo the Canal 4 itfelf, and all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft of the faid Com-« pany, of, in and to the fame, and all Quays, Houles, Lands or

*	other Property purchafed for the Purpoies of the faid Canal, have 4 been afiigned to the faid Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of

<	the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until the faid Sum of Five 4 thoufand Pounds, together with Intereft for the fame at the Rate

*	of Five Pounds per Centum ter Annum, (hall be completely paid 4 or fatisfied: And Whereas the faid laft mentioned Sum of Twenty 4 five thoufand Pounds, and the faid Sum of Five thoufand Pounds,

4 have been applied towards the Completion and Repair of the faid

*	Canal and other Works; but this great National Undertaking muff

*	yet be abandoned, and the Money which has been advanced will

*	be loft without the further Aid of ParliamentMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be cnafted; and be it enafted by The King’s Maft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of . the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Lord Chief JJaron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

and

AJX1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.135.

673

and they are hereby direfted, upon the Application of the Com- tion of Commif-miffioners appointed by an Aft pafled in die Forty third Year of floners under the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty, intituled An AQ for granting 43 G'3* 0 to His Majefty the Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds, towards defray-	^mSooU

ing the Expenses of making an Inland Navigation from the Eaftern to for completing the Weftern Sea by Invernefs and Fort William, and for taking the the Crinau necejfary Steps towards executing the fame, to ifTue their Warrant to Canal, the Receiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands of the Sum of Nineteen thoufand four hundred Pounds, which Money (hall be paid to the faid Commiffioners without any Deduftion whatever, and after Payment thereout of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Aft (hall be applied in completing and repairing the faid Crinan Canal and other Works in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall appoint, and until the faid Sum of Nineteen thoufand four hundred Pounds (hall from time to time be applied in manner aforefaid, it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to inveft the fame or fuch Part or Parts thereof as they (hall think proper in Exchequer Bills.

II.	And be it further enafted, That when and fo foon as the faid When paid, Sum of Nineteen thoufand four hundred Pounds (hall be paid to the Canal to remain faid Commiffioners, the Tolls and Rates arifing from the (aid Crinan	in the

Canal, and alfo the Canal itfelf, and all the Eftate, Right, Title and	M^ney for-

Intereft of the faid Company in and to the fame, and all Quays, row(<i *u repaid/ Houfes, Lands or other Property, which, purfuant to the Directions of the faid lad mentioned Aft ot the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, were affigned to the faid Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as a Security for the faid firft mentioned Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds and the Intereft for the fame, and which, purfuant to the faid Aft pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, remain veiled in the (aid Lord Chief Baron and other Barons until the1 (aid further Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds and all Intereft for the fame be fatisfied and paid in manner aforefaid, and which were likewife affigned to the faid Lord Chief Baron and other Barons as a Security for the faid Sum of Five thoufand Pounds and the Intereft for the fame as aforefaid, (hall immediately thenceforth be and remain vefted in the faid Lord Chief Baron and other Batons of the faid Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until not only the faid firft mentioned Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds, together with the (aid further Sums of Twenty five thoufand Pounds and Five thoufand Pounds fo already advanced as aforefaid, and all Intereft for the lame refpeftively, but alfo the faid Sum of Nineteen thoufand four hundred Pounds which (hall be fo paid to the faid Commiffioners under the Provifions of this Aft, together with Intereft for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, (hall be completely paid or fatisfied in the fame manner and as fully and efieftually as if another Affignment thereof had been made; and which Intereft for the faid Sum of Nineteen thoufand four hundred Pounds, (hall be paid Half yearly by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal into the faid Court of Exchequer at the End of every Six Months from the Day of the Advance of fuch Sum of Nineteen thoufand four hundred Pounds.

Ill* And be it further enafted, That a Statement of all the Pro- Statement to be ceedings of the fiud Commiffioners, and a general Account of the kid before Pw.

.56 Geo. III.	X	X	Money	lamentannually.

674

C. 135,136.

66s GEO. III.

AiDi 1816.

Money received and difburfed by them, or ander their Diredion, by virtue of this A&, (hall be annually, before the Firffc Day of Janr, laid before both Houfes of Parliament, together with the Annual Statement or Report of the faid Commiflioners relative to the Cak-donian Canal.

Charter of Incorporation of Hertford College, by Letters Patent, 5th Sep. J4 G. a. recited.

Leafe of Lands, Part of Site of Hertford CoU recited.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to enable His Majefty to grant certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, efeheated and devolved to His Majefty by the Difiolution of Hertford College^ in the Uni* verfity of Oxford\ and the Site of the faid College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Mafters and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, in Truft for the Principal and other Mem-hers of Magdalen Hally for the Purpofe of their removing to fuch Site; and to enable the faid Chancellor,Mafters and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, and the Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necefTary A&s for fuch Removal.	[ift July 1816.;

•	XT/'HEREAS His late Majefty King George the Second w* 4 V v gracioufly pleafed by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal 4 of Great Britain, bearing Date at WeJlminflerf the Fifth Day c£

4 September, in the Fourteenth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign. 4 to will and grant, that within Hart Hall in the Univerfity ci 4 Oxford, and within the Bounds, Circuits and PrecindU of the fcae 4 in Oxford, and.within the fame Univerfity of Oxford and the Li-4 berties and Precin&s of the fame, there fhould be from thenceforth 4 for ever one Perpetual College for Students of Divinity, the Civil 4 and Canon Law, Phyfic and other good Arts and Languages; 4 and that the fame College, confiding of a Principal, Four Senior 4 Fellows or Tutors, and Eight Junior Fellows or A (Mints, might 4 be for ever called Hertford College in the Univerfity of Oxford; 4 and further to will and grant, that the Principal and Fellows c: 4 the College and their Succefiors for ever, ftiould and might be oce 4 Body Corporate and Politic by the Name of the 44 Principal aad 4 Fellows of Hertford College in the Univerfity of Oxford Ate 4 Whereas the Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdaln 4 College in the faid Univerfity of Oxford are feifed in Fee of a ccr-4 tain Piece of Land, conftituting Part of the Site pf the faid College 4 called Hertford College, of which they granted a Leafe to the 4 Principal and Fellows of the fame College, bearing Date the Sixth 4 Day of December in the Year One thoufand feven hundred md 4 ninety fix, for the Term of Forty Years from the Date thee*©/, 4 under a reserved annual Rent of Three Pounds Fifteen

4 and One Penny : And Whereas the Chancellor, Mafters and Scbo* 4 lars of the find Univerfity, are feifed in FVe of certain Pieces et 4 Land, conftituting other Part of the Site of the find College called 4 Hertford College, of which they granted a Leafe, bearing Date 4 the Twenty feventh Day of February in the Year One thoufesd 4 feven hundred and ninety eight, to the Principal and Fellows of 4 Hertford College, to hold to them and their Succeflon for the

*	Term of Forty Years from the Feaft of the Annunciation of the 4 Bleffed Virgin Mary, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and

12	•	ninety

A.D. 2816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 136,

673

*	ninety feven, under the feveral yearly Rents of Ten Shillings and

*	One Shilling and Eight pence: And Whereas the Re&or and

*	Fellows of Exeter College in the faid Univerfity are entitled to an 4 annual Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four

*	pence, ifluing and payable from and out of fome Part or Parts of

*	the Site of the faid College called Hertford College: And Whereas Two Commif-

*	Two feveral Commiffions of Efcheat under the Great Seal of fionertofEf-

*	Great Britain* bearing Date at Wejlmtnjler the Twenty ninth Day t0 ?Jq“ire 4 of April in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, £rd WII ‘ lately iflued, directed to certain Commiflioners therein named, diflblved, recited.

*	authorizing and empowering them or any Three or more of them ‘ to enquire, amongft other matters and things, whether at any time ‘ and when the faid College called Hertford College had become ‘ and was diflblved, and whether the faid College before and at the 4 time of the Diflolution thereof was feifed in Fee Simple of or of ‘ any other and what Eftate, or poflefled of any and what Term or ‘ Terms for Years of and in* divers and what Mefluages, Lands,

*	Tenements and Hereditaments, fltuate in the feveral Counties of 4 Oxford and Berks, and whether by reafon of the Diflolution

*	thereof the fame Hereditaments, Term and Terms for Years, had

4 efeheated and devolved to His Majefty: And Whereas by an In* By Inquifition 4 quifition indented and taken at the City of Oxford in the County dated 4th May,

4 of Oxford on the Fourth Day of May laft, before Three of the 4 Commiflioners in the faid Commiflions named, upon the Oaths of j ^calB°d»f-4 Twelve good and lawful Men of the faid County of Oxford in the folved on ag,h 4 faid Inquifition named, it was found that the laid College called June 1805, and , 4 Hertford College in the Univerfity of Oxford* on the Twenty was at the time -4 eighth Day of June in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and 4 five, became and was and is diflblved ; and that the faid diflblved 4 College was at the time of the Diflolution thereof feifed in its deferibed.

4 Demefne as of Fee of and in a certain Piece of Land, containing 4 by Admeafurement One thoufand nine hundred and eighty two 4 fquare Yards (a little more or lefs) ; bounded on the Weft Side 4 thereof partly by a certain Street called Cat Street, and partly by 4 the Land of one James Stone and one Widow Gillett; and on the 4 North Side thereof partly by a certain Street leading from a Gate,

4 anciently called Smith9s Gate, to New College* and partly by the 4 Land hereinbefore and hereinafter mentioned, of the faid Chan-4 cellor, Mafters and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, and of the 4 faid jPrefident -and Scholars of the faid College of Saint Mary 4 Magdalen in the faid Univerfity; and on the Eaft Side thereof 4 partly by New College Lane* and partly by the Stables of New ,

4 College ; and on the South Side thereof by the Land and Build*

4 ings of All Souls College; together with all Mefluages, Erec*

4 tions and Buildings on the fame Piece of Land ere&ed, (landing 4 and being, fituate in the Parifli of Saint Peter in the Eqft* and the 1 4 Parifli of Saint Mary the Virgin* in the City and County of Ox*

4 ford t one Parcel of which faid firft mentioned Piece of Land was (	4 found to be fubje& to the faid Rent of One Pound Thirteen

1	4 Shillings and Four pence payable yearly to the Re&or and Fellows

4 of Exeter College* and a certain other Parcel of the faid firft men*

4 tioned Piece of Land to be fubjc& to a certain Rent of Four pence 4 payable yearly to the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church 4 of C&ri/fin Oxford* of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth 1

X x 2	4	And

o76

C.136.

56* GEO-III.

A.D.1816.

4 And it was further found, that the faid firft mentioned Piece of 4 Land was holden by- the faid diffolved College, at the time of its 4 Diffolution, of His Majefty, in free and common Socage in right 4 of His Royal Crown, but not fubjeft to any Rents or Serried in 4 refpe& thereof, except Fealty: And it was further found, that the 4 faid diffolved College was at the time of its Diffolution poffefied 4 of the faid Pieces of Land, whereof the faid Chancellor, Matters 4 and Scholars, and the faid Prefident and Scholars refjpe&irely are 4 fo feized as aforefaid for the Relidue of the fevcral Terms before 4 mentioned to have been granted by them refpe&ively, together 4 with all Meffuages, Erections and Buildings on the fame Pieces 4 of Land Handing, ere&ed and being : Ana it was further found,

4 that the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

4 and Terms forYears, had efeheated and devolved, and did then be-4 long to His Majefty by virtue of His Prerogative Royal; and 4 the faid Commiffioners had, in obedience to the faid Commiffioo,

4 feized the fame into the Hands of His Majefty: And by an Ic-4 quifition indented and taken at Grandpound, in the Parifh of Sent 4 Aldate, in the County of jBerks, on the faid Fourth Day of Maj>

4 before Three of the Commiffioners in the faid Commiffions named,

4 upon the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men of the faid County 4 of Berks, in the faid laft Inquifition named it was found, that 4 the faid College called Hertford College, in the Univerfity of 0*-4 ford\ on the laid Twenty eighth Day of June in the Year Ok 4 thoufand eight hundred and five, became and was and is diffolved;

4 and that the faid diffolved College was at the time of the Diffoln-4 tion thereof feifed in its Demefne as of Fee of and in Fourteen 4 Acres and Three Rods by Eftimation of Arable Land, and One 4 Acre and a Half of Meadow Ground, more or lefs, lying difperfcd 4 in the Common Fields and Meadows of North Morton in the (kid 4 County of Berks, with the Appurtenances; and that the faid 4 Lands and Hereditaments were at the time of the Diffolution of 4 the faid College held of His Majefty by the (aid College in free 4 and cpmmon Socage, in right of His Royal Crown, bat not fubjed 4 to any Rents or Services in refpedfc thereof except Fealty, and 4 had become efeheated to His Majefty by virtue of His Prerogative 4 Royal; and the faid Commiffioners had in obedience to the faid 4 Commiffion feized the fame into the Hands of His Majefty:

4 And Whereas the Buildings of the faid diffolved College having | 4 fince the faid Diffolution thereof for the moft Part been unoccupied 4 and negle&ed, the fame have gone gradually into Decay, and arc 4 in a very rninous and dilapidated State, ana there is no Fond ap-4 plicable to putting them into Repair: And Whereas Magdsia 4 Hall is contiguous to Saint Mary Magdalen College, and there s 4 an ancient School for the Education of Sixteen Cnorifters of tk 4 fame College, which forms Part of the Buildings of the laid Hall;

4 and the Freehold of the Site of the faid Hall and School is vefted 4 in the faid Prefident and Scholars of the faid College: And 4 Whereas the faid Prefident and Scholars are about to improve and 4 confiderahly enlarge the Buildings of Magdalen College, lor which 4 Purpofe they have caufed Plans to he drawn, which cannot he ef-4 fe&ually carried into Execution unlefs the faid Hall and School be 4 taken down and removed, in which Event they intend to m€t or 4 provide another School equally convenient to the College: And

4 Whereas

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 136.

677

* Whereas the Removal of the faid Hall and School being neceflary 4 to the Completion of the intended Improvements at Magdalen 4 College, and if carried into Effefk being likely to conduce to the 4 general Improvement and Ornament of the Univerfity, the faid 4 Prefident and Scholars, with the Concurrence and Approbation of 4 the Principal of Magdalen Hallf and with the Confent of the 4 Right Honourable Lord Grenville, Chancellor of the faid Uni-4 verfity of Oxford, as Vifitor and Patron of the faid Hal), on the 4 Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thoufand eight hun-4 dred and fifteen, propofed to the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars 4 of the Univerfity, in Convocation aflembled, to transfer the Efta-4 bli/hment of the faid Hall to the Site of the faid diifolved Col-4 lege of Hcrtfordt the laid Prefident and Scholars engaging to 4 put the whole of the Buddings thereof into a State of complete 4 Repair, to relinquifh for the Ufe of the Principal and other Mem* 4 bers of Magdalen Hall9 all the Right and Title of the faid Prefi-4 dent and Scholars to that Part of Hertford College fo as afore-4 Odd held by Leafe under them, and to be at the foie Expence of 4 carrying the faid Arrangement into EfFe& ; which Propofal was 4 agreed to by the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars; but for* 4 almuch as the foveral Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effected with* 4 out the Aid and Authority of ParliamentWherefore Your Majefly’s molt dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, in the faid Univerfity, and John David Machridge Do&or of Laws, Principal of Magdalen Hall aforefaid, do moil humbly befeech Your Majefly, that it may be cuadted; and be it enadted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice ana Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for The King’s Moil Excellent Majefly, his Heirs or SuccefTors, to grant the Site of the faid diffolved College, and all or any Part of the faid other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo efcheated to His Majefly as aforefaid, to the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, and their SuccefTors, for ever, in Trufl for the Ufe of the Principal and other Members for the time being of Magdalen Hall aforefaid, as and when to His Majeily, his Heirs or SuccefTors, /hall Teem meet, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwith-flanding.

II. And be it further enadled. That from and after the paffing of this Adi, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, at their foie Expence to engage and employ any Builder, Workmen and others, and for fuch Perfons when fo engaged and employed to make and do all and every fuch Alterations, Reparations and Improvements, in and to the leveral Buildings, Chambers and other Parts of the faid diffolved College, as may be neceflary and fuitable for the Reception and comfortable Occupation of the Principal of Magdalen Hall, and other Members thereof; and for that Purpofe to take down and re* build, with like or other Materials of as good a Quality and in a fubfiantial and workmanlike manner, fuch Part or Parts of the faid difToived College as in the Judgment of the Vice Chancellor and Delegates of Eftates of the laid Univerfity, cannot be well and effe&ually repaired.

Xx 3

4 III. And

Proposal that Eftabltfhment of Magdalen Hall fhould be tranf-ferred to Site of diflolved College of Hertford, recited.

His Majefly to grant the Site of diflolved College, See- to Chancellor, Matters, Ac in Truft for Principal, &c. of Magdalen Hall.

Prefident and Scholars of Magdalen College may repair the diffolved Col* lege.

666

C.182,

WGEO.I1L

U3\

incb/mg tbs opsn Commonable Lands spUhim the Jsii FtrdA among other things enaded and provided, that John fid Join Davies* the Commifiioners named in the fmid Mrccia of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of Hit prefent Him their Succeflom, (hould make and execute their Award m laid laft mentioned Ad within the Space of Twdw Ca Months from and after the paffing of the faid Ad of the Ffy Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in the fuse Mum Form, and under the like Regulations in all Refpedi s a faid recited Ad of the Fifty third Year of Hit prefent Mzjel direded: And Whereas it is expedient that the Time fora the faid Award (hould be further extended, and that fad Provifions be made as hereinafter mentioned Beitttatfert Time for mak- ther enaded, That the time for making the feud Award by mg iWard under ^der the Authority of the laid firft; recited Ad of the Kyi reci A ei-	0f jjis prefent Majefty (hall be and is hereby further extei

to the Twelfth Day of Marsh One thoufand right hundred ad fei teen; and the laid Commiffioucre and their Sncceflbrt, byrin the laid firft recited Ad are hereby authorised and required fei their faid Award in the fame maimer and Form, and under the I Regulations in all Refpedt as in the faid firft recited Aft isM on or before the faid Twelfth Day of Marsh oar tboMq hundred and fewenteen.

Marquis of Downihire’s Claim of Exemption from the Laws of the Forefr la ttfpea of hit Manor and Park of Eafthampftead.

‘ V. And Whereas in and by the laid firft iriri Ad it k 4 amongft other things recited, that the Moft Hmvihk Ink 4 Marquis of Dovmjbire is feifed to himfelf aadksBm^ 4 Manor and Park of Eafibamfisad, in the fiud County dlbk*

*	in refped thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wablohs^ 4 laid Manor | and after further reciting that the faid ArksMap 4 of Downjiire infilled that the faid Manor, and slfo the fed Put I

*	which he derived his Title through and under certain Cra»ni 4 by His Majefty’s Royal Predeceffor, and other Affw*w*» J 4 exempt from all the Laws of the (aid Foreft, and ilifetW*

*	of the Crown, in refped thereof, and confequeotly that H» ■ 4 Majefty was not entitled to any Allotment of Land within thfe 4 Manor or Pariih, it was therefore enaded, that it (hoold belflj 4 for His M^efty, by His Attorney General, topnxeritoift 4 at Law at the then next Spring Affixes for the County of In 4 in a feigned Aftion or Adions for that Purpofe, to btcoas* 4 in His Majefty’s Court of Ring’s Bench, Common

4 Exchequer at Wejlminjler, againft the (aid drthnr 4 Dovmjbire, his Heirs or Alfigns, or the Perfoa or

*	to the faid Manor for the time being, in manner therein 4 nod if at the Trial of any fuch I flue or Iffues, it

4 His Majefty was not entitled to any Foreftal Right or 4 within the laid Manor and Pariih of £Mo*t/fadt 4 Compenfation ought to be made, then fuch Jury 4 Rich I flue or Iffues ftould be tried, (hould find for 4 or Defendants, in which cafe the laid Ad or wy 4 contained (hould not apply to or affeft tine fhase Manor sod 4 or any Part thereof; but if it (hould appear to foch J«T 4 that His feid Majefty was entitled to fuchFonU 4 xtia within the tome Manor and Pariih,at wndktd^l 4 k*gcd to His Majefty in a»d ovmtJmPnri^

'w .	*	io	‘ftp

A.D.1816,

56°GEaiII.

C.136.

679

and Scholars, in, aver or otherwife touching or relating to the faid Hall, or to the prefent or any future Principal, or other Member or Members thereof, (hall be and continue fuch and the fame in all re-fpe&s whatfoever, as if the Removal of the Eftablilhment of the faid Hall bad not taken Place.

4 VI. And Whereas the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars 4 are defirous that the Ground and Buildings forming Part of the 4 faid diffolved College, which are comprized in the hereinbefore 4 mentioned Indenture of Leafe of the Twenty feventh Day of Ft*

* bruary One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight may become 4 a component Part of the faid intended Hall, and be permanently 4 enjoyed by the Principal and other Members thereof for the time ? being, freed and difeharged from the faid annual Rents of Ten y Shillings and One Shilling and Eight pence :* Be it therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Chan- Chancellor, cellor. Mailers and Scholars and their SuccelTors, and they are Matter and ^ hereby authorized and empowered whenever they (hall think proper, verfily”l^poWer by any Deed in Writing under their Common Seal, to releafe and ^ to releaft and extinguifh the faid feveral annual Rents of Ten Shillings and One extinguifh cer-Shilling and Eight pence, and to declare by the fame or by any other tain annual Deed under their Common Seal, that they the faid Chancellor, Renu*

Mailers and Scholars and their Succefiprs, for ever, (hall (land feifed of the faid Ground and Buildings comprized in the, faid Leafe, in Trad for the Principal and other Members of the faid Hall for the time being, freed and difeharged from the faid annual Rents.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Prefi* Prefident and dent and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, and their Sue- Scholars of Mag-ceiTors, (hall yearly and every Year, as and when the faid yearly Rent d jj/T?to Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence to the Rec- charge of * tor and Fellows of Exeter College (hall become payable, pay the it 13s. *d. to fame into the proper Hands of the Principal of the faid Hall for the Exeter College, time being, or unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as may be authorized

or entitled to receive the fame, to the intent that the faid Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings * and Four pence may be regularly paid to the Re&or and Fellows of Exeter College, and that the Principal of the faid Hall may be indemnified in refped thereof.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed and declared. Right of Entry, That nothing in this A& contained (hall prejudice the Right, Title, &c. of Exeter Claim or Entry of the Re&or and Fellows of Exeter College, in re- College in fped of the faid Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Charge Four pence, fo ifluing and payable out of fome Part or Parts of 0fCil. 13s. 4d. the Cud difiolved College ; but on the contrary the faid Re&or and not to be af-Fellows and their SuccelTors (hall have, ufe, exercife and enjoy all fe&ed.

Powers and Remedies for railing, recovering and obtaining Payment

of the fame, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Ad had not paffed.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Neglefl or Re-faid Prefident and Scholars and their Succefibrs (hall at any time or fufal to make times negled or refufe to pay the laid Rent Charge of One Pound memion* Thirteen Shillings and Four pence as and when the fame (hall become **Paymenu# due and payable, it (hall and may be lawful for the Principal of the

faid Hall for the time being, or for the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Payment/ to fue for and recover the fame from the bid Preft- Remedy.

X x 4	dent

668

C. 182.

56* GEO. III.

R eference to aCceruin whether the Foreftal Rights of His Majefty over the (aid Manor are diminilhed or reftrided, and Award to be made thereupon.

Proceedings after fuch Award (hall be made.

«

AJD.ll

Adion was brought:	And	Whereas	the	Barons	of	the

Court have lately adjudged and determined upon the hid $j Verdid, that His preient Majefty was entitled to fuch Fa Rights and Interefts within the faid Manor and Parifo of Eajil fiead out of the faid Park as were claimed by and belong to Majefty in and over the Parifhes and Places within the Regard o faid Fore ft : And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to what An tion of the Waftes within the faid Manor and Parifh (liter j Verdid and Judgment as aforefaid) His faid Majefty is esakd^j in order to obviate the faid Doubts it hath been propofcd by faid Marquis that it (hall be referred to Robert GifirA Ekj Barrifter at Law, as well on the Part of His Majefty a a behalf of the faid Marquis, to afcertain and determine whether Foreftal Rights and Interefts of His Majefty in and over the Manor and Parifh are diminilhed or reftrided, and if be M del mine that they are, then to award how far and in whit Proport the fame are diminilhed or reftrided in confequence of the id ft being found to be fituate within the faid Manor and M ad be exempt from all the Laws of the faid Foreft, and ifl the R$ of the Crown in refped thereof; which Propofal hath been aitat and agreed unto on the behalf of His MajeftyBe it thereto enaded, That it fhall be and hereby is referred to the HoARtk Gifford to afcertain and determine whether the faid Forth/JtyA and Interefts of His Majefty in and over the faid UasoradM are diminiihed or reftrided, and if he fhall deteroktk they are, then to determine and award how far and in what Prapsttatkk/ Foreftal Rights and Interefts of His Majefty in ud o*t & Manor and Parilh are diminilhed or reftrided, in confeqoeoaoM faid Park being found to be fituate within the faid Manor asd and to be exempt from all the Laws of the faid Foreft, and *1/ ^ Rights of the Crown in refped thereof; provided that the Id & bert Gifford lhall and do within Four Calendar Months the palling of this Ad, make his Award in Writing udoi&$^ jed hereby referred to him, and caufe the fame to be deW^ Office of His Majefty’s Surveyor General of Woods and Forthi ft and on the Part of His Majefty, and unto the faid Marquis, bis S« citor or Agent 5 which Award fo to be made and delivered of* concerning the Premifes, lhall be binding and condufive* a« upon His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, aiupoc^* Marquis, his Heirs and Affigns.	...

VI. And be it further enaded, That after the making^*2' very of fuch Award as laft aforefaid, if the fad Robert award that His Majefty’s Foreftal Rights and Interefts art 6**®* or reftrided, then the faid Commiffioners and their Succdfctt*1* Umpire to be appointed by them in purfuance of the P<^ tained in the faid firft recited Ad, lhall and they are hereby^ and direded to dedud from the faid Nine thirty fecoad Proportion as the faid Robert Gifford lhall, in manner aforM^ . mine and award, ought to be deduded therefrom in the faid Park being found to be exempt from all the I*w,°* jS Foreft, and all the Rights of the Crown in refped thereof, 1® . proceed to fet out, allot and award unto and for His M*P' Heirs and Succeflors, the Remainder only of the laid fiecond Parts, after fuch Dedudion therefrom ai afbrtfiud,

QqW

A.D.1810,

S6*GE0.IIL

C. 136#

681

Corporations, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual, Eleemofynary ability, emp*vr-or Lay, and all Feoffees id Trull, Executors, Adminiftrators, Hui- er.ed t0 ***** bands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics, and all other w,!.h th® C^D' Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, but ^d^Urs/L alio for and on behalf of their Ceftuiaue Trufts refpeftively, whether Sale of Premifcs. Infants or Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability of ailing for himfelf, herfelf or themfelves; and alfo to and for all Femes Covert who are or fhall be feifed in their own Right, and to and for all Perfons, whether Tenants for Life, in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all and evenr Perfon and Perfbns whomfoever who are or (hall be feifed, poffeffed of or intereffed in any of the faid Houfes and other Buildings and Ground mentioned and comprifed in the faid Schedule hereunto annexed, to treat and agree with the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, for the abfolute Sale thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and to convey the fame to the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, and their Succeffors, for the Purpofes mentioned in this Aft; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which (hall be fo made by virtue and in puifuance of this Aft, (hall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes, not only to convey the Eilate and Intereil of the Perfon or Perfons conveying or intending to convey the fame, but alfo to convey all Right, Title, Eilate and Intereft, Ufe, Property, Claim and Demand whatfoever, of the feveral and refpeftive Ccfluique Trufts, and all other Perfons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, Ufage or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding ; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual, Eleemofynary or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trail, Executors, Adminiftrators, Hu (bands, Guardians,

Committees, Truftees and all other Perfons whomfoever, are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue of or in pursuance ot this Aft.

XIII. And be it further enafted. That if any Money (hall be agreed Application of to be paid for any Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed by virtue Purchafe of the Powers of this Aft for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall Monies: belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall in cafe the lame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Coart of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Chancellor, Matters and Scholars of the Univerfity of Oxford, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be iignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts or fuch other Incumbrances or Parts thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Tenements or Hereditaments, or affefting other Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the tike Ufa, Intents or Purpofes ;

a 133,134.

66° GEO. III.

51 O.3. c.83.

Drawback of the Duty on Coals ufed in Lead Mines to be allowed.

Oath to be made that the Duty on the Coals tried in the Minee’of Devon and .Cornwall hae been psad, Ac,

AJD,Ijj

to be paid into the Exchequer at WtjlmtmfUr by virtue of tlx Aft* (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Reren Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying the inodcd a Cham occafioned fay any Loan made by virtue of any Aft pafi this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Aft for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coils a fumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall.	[lit Jdj iljj

4 TT7HEREAS by am Aft pafTed in the Fifty firft Yardl 4 W prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An Ad fir sEmf 4 Me Drawback of Doty tala on Coals ufed in certds Mia 1

*	Smelting Mills in Devonmire, as is now allowed in fo Ctnf 4 Cornwall, a Drawback of the Duty is allowed apostil Coks

*	for Tire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or hr da

*	mg or fmelting Lead Ores within the County of Dan: Ai 4 Whereas it is expedient that a like Drawback (hooid be lOose 4 upon all Coals fo confumed in Lead Mines in the County of Cm wall;9 Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft ExcotaK jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spirts and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parhsnm dbbh and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after

of this Aft for all Coals that (hall be ufed for fit finer a Mines of Lead, or for calcining or fmelting Lead (brat tie County of Cornwall, and for which Duties have tattabsd afid paid, a Drawback fhaU be allowed and made ofitoWs, iipon Proof by Oath made before the Colleftor of tkWDto, (which Oath he h hereby empowered and required to itowty that ftich Coals have been fo ufed and applied; andtkAswfi the Duties fo drawn back (hall be returned and paid bytheColedor of the Grid Duties to the Perfon fo making Proof as tfoM 4 II. And Whereas it is expedient that previouflytotkDn* 1 back being paid upon Coals confumed in Mines of T^Coppi 4 or Lead, in the Counties of Devon and CornwtM^ Proof toil 1 be made that the Doties upon the fame have been t&nBy p*i

*	and that the faid Coals were bona Jlde confumed in the£sidl£ses 4 and that no Part of the fame has been or fhall be ufed or i&h

*	domeftic Pnrpofes, or as Calm for burning Lime, or for anycdtr 4 Pnrpofes not contemplated by Law f Be it therefor M That, prevwufly to any Drawback being paid upon Coals da confumed in Mmes of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Coate d Devon and Cornwall, Proof fhall be made on Oath by the tap tor or managing Owner of the Mine before the CoHe&or or Controller of the Cuftoms (which Oath they are hereby aatiwrW» trailed to admmifter) at the Port where the Drawback Mk|^ that he verily believes the Dories upon the faid Coals hawked* uafly paid, and that the faid Cods were ktm /foconfasdsk faid Mines, and that no Part of the feme has been or M betW« fold for domeftic Pnrpofes, or as Culm for burning Lime, or faxj other Purpofes not contemplated by Law.

CA>.

56° GEO- III.

C. 136.

683

their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where Provifo refpefl-any Oueftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Corporation, or ing deputed any Perfon or Perfons, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Tit fS* England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate,

Right or Intereft in any Tenements or Hereditaments as aforefaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofteftion of fuch Tenements or : Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claim-, ing under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofteftion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully : entitled to fuch Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofteftion, until the contrary (hall be fhewn to the Satisfaftion of the ■ laid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank i Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of t fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch ; Pofteftion was a wrongful Pofteftion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Tenements or Heredit-, aments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

. XVII. And be it further enafted, That when and fo foon as full SatisfcAion , Satisfaftion (hall have been made by any of the Means aforefaid to betas made,

’ all Perfons interefted in fuch Houfes, Buildings and Ground, it J*ou^5> *c*to | fhall and may be lawful for the faid Chancellor, Mafters and Scho- c M en 0WD* lars, and they are hereby empowered to caufe the fame to be taken down, and to add fo much of the Site or Ground thereof to th$

Site of the faid diftolved College as may be neceflary for the intended Improvements of the fame, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hally and fhall and may ( fell and difpofe of the Remainder thereof, with the Materials of the [ faid Houfes and Buildings, in fuch manner as the faid Chancellor,

' Mafters and Scholars, or the faid Delegates of Eftates, fhall think proper, and apply the Produce thereof in the making the faid Improvements or Repayment of any Money expended therein.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing prorifb for Pri-' in this Aft fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to take vileget of UbU

\ away, diminifh or impede the Exercife of any Privilege or Right verfity» whatsoever of the faid Univerfity, or of any of the Magiftrates,

1 Officers, Minifters or Servants thereunto belonging.

XIX.	Saving always to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, liis General Saving.

*	Heirs and Succeflors, and to all and every other Perfon and Per-

*	Ions, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and his and their

*	Heirs, SucceiTors, Executors and Adminiftrators, (other than and | except the faid Chancellor, Mafters and Scholars of the faid Univer-" fity, and the faid Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen 1 College, and the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hally) f all fuch Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft, as they, every or any of | them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in cafe tnis Aft had

not been made.

The

C. 185,

56° GEO. Ill



Aflii

*	and to the Improvement of the Weftern IHandt and Nornl

*	Coaft of Scotland, and the Money which had been advance!« 4 have been loft if the farther Sum of Twenty fire tboufand Pa 4 had not been advanced to the faid Company for comply 4 fame, out of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of 6

* Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fo, 45 O* 3- 85. 4 virtue of an A& palled in the Forty fifth Year of the Rqj

1 His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for authorizing th C 4 mifftoners of Hit Majefty91 Treafury in Great Britain tt d* 4 a certain Snm of Money, to be applied in completing the Omi 4 nal; and purfuant to the faid A&, the Rates and Doth ai 4 from the laid Canal, and all the Eftate, Right, Title dim 4 of the faid Company in and to the fame, and the Qnap, Hod 4 Lands and other Property aforefaid, remain veiled in the W L 4 Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer is 5 4 land, until not only the faid firft mentioned Sum of Tvotjf 4 thoufand Pounds and all Intereft for the fame, bnt ilfo tk k 4 further Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds advanced afarti 4 Provifions of the faid Ad, together with Intereft for tfebe 1 4 and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Am,

4 completely fatisfied and paid in the fame manner soda Mj a 4 effedually as if another Alignment thereof had been nd: Aa 5x0*3. c. 1x7. 4 Whereas by an Ad parted in the Fifty firft Year of the

4 His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting tiEuMnft 4 certain Sumt of Money out of the ConfoMated FudjGtat&a> 4 tain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentimifwtkk-4 vice of tie Tear One thoufand eight hundred and dm* d jtf 4 further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sejm fj 4 ment, a Sum not exceeding Five thoufand Pounds wngntttitt 4 His Majefty towards completing the Repairs which we !ie 4 neceffary in confequence of an Inundation of the hid Cad * 4 the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eleven; and Stf 4 of Five thoufand Pounds having been foon afterward* rccsw 4 accordingly from the Lords Commiffioners of the Trefcb 4 Tolls and Rates arifing from the faid Canal, sad alfo the Cm 4 itfelf, and all the Eftate, Right, Title and Intereft of the id Cm 4 pany, of, in and to the fame, and all Quays, Houles, Lei« 4 other Property pnrehafed for the Purposes of the hid Cad,b 4 been aifigned to the faid Lord Chief Baron and other Baross si 4 the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until the faid Sum of f* 4 thoufand Pounds, together with Intereft for the fame at the!!* 4 of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum, (hall be complrtdjjd 4 or fatisfied: And Whereas the laid lift mentioned Sum olTntj 4 five thoufand Pounds, and the faid Sum of Five thoufand P*A 4 have been applied towards the Completion and Repair oftkW 4 Canal and other Works; but this great National Undertake*

4 yet be abandoned, and the Money which has been advari®

4 be loft without the further Aid of Parliament May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be ita*»

' by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with tk A&* and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in this prefent Parliament auembled, and by the Authority d ^ Barons of Ex- fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Lord C» land o«r Applies- P**0? and ^hcr Barons of the Court of Exchequer is StfW

A. D. 1816,

56° GEO- III.

685

C. 137) 188.

or other Company, having fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effe&s in hia or their PoUeffion or Cuftody, (hail underftand or know that the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effe&s do or (hall belong, is or are become Bankrupt.

II. Provided neverthelefs, atid be it ena&ed, That in all cafes in which it (hall be proved that the Perfon or Perfons a&ing on the behalf of any Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Stock or other Company, in the paying or caufing or dire&ing the Payment of any Debt, or m the delivering or cauling or dire&ing the Delivery of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effe&s, to any Perfon or Perfons, understood or knew that the Perfon or Perfons or any of them to whom fuch Debt was paid, or fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effe&s were delivered, was or were or had become Bankrupt, fuch Body Politic or Corporation, Joint Stock or other Company, (hall be deemed and taken to have underftood and known the fame.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An AGt to abolifli the Punilhment of the Pillory, except in certain cafes.	[ad	July	1816.]

*	VT7 HERE AS the Puni(hment of the Pillory basin many cafes ‘ VV been found inexpedient and not fully to anfwer the Purpofe

*	for which it was intended 5’ Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aQembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A6k Judgment (hall not be given and awarded again (I any Perfon or Perfons convi&ed of any Offence, that fuch Perfon or Perfons do (land iu or upon the Pillory, except for the Offences hereinafter mentioned; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwith(landing: Provided that aB Laws now m force whereby any Perfon is fubjed to Punilhment for the taking any falfe Oath, or for committing any manner of wilful and corrupt Peijury, or for the procuring or fuborning any other Perfon fo to do, or for wilfully, falfely and corruptly affirming or deckring, or procuring or fuborning any other Perfon fo to affirm and declare, in any matter or thing, which if the fame had been depofed in the ufual Form would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Peijury, (hall continue and be in full Force and Effed; and that all Perfons guilty of any of the faid feveral Offences (hall incur and fuffer the fame Punifhment, Penalties and Forfeitures as fuch Perfons were fubied to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or any of them, before the paffing of this A6t and as if this Ad had not been made.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where the Punifhment of the Pillory has hitherto formed the whole or a Part of the Judgment to be pronounced, it (hall and may be lawful for the Court before whom fuch Offence is tried, to pafs fuch Sentence of Fine or Imprifonment, or of both, in lieu of the Sentence of Pillory, as to the faid Court (hall feem mod proper: Provided that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend in any manner to change, alter or affe& any Puni(hment whatfoever which may now be by Law infli&ed in relped of any Offence, except only the Puaifliment of Pillory, in manner as herein above js enaded.

Bodies Politic, Ac. deemed to know Bankruptcy if Perfon a£ti»g on their behalf knew k.

Judgment of Pillory to be awarded for certain Offences only.

Court may fine or imprilon Offenders.

Not to change any Puritan ent for Offences, except the Pillory.

674

C.1S5,136.

<6* GEO. III.

AD.li

Money received and difburfed by them, or under their Dirtcta, virtue of this A6k, (hall be annually, before the Firft Day of 1 laid before both Houfes of Parliament, together with the Ai Statement or Report of the faid CommifRoners relative to the C donian Canal.

CAP. CXXXVI.

Charter of Incorporation of Hertford College, by Letters Patent, 5th Sep. 14 G. a. recited.

Leafe of I«*nds, Part of Site of Hertford Col-l«ge, recited.

An Aft to enable His Majefty to grant certain Land), T<i merits and Hereditaments, efeheated and devoted to I Majefty by the Diflolution of Hertford College) infett verfity of Oxford, and the Site of the faid College aadB* ings thereon, to the Chancellor, Maftcrs and Scholars cl faid Univerfity, in Truft for the Principal and other Me bers of Magdalen Hally for the Purpofe of their rerwr to fuch Site; and to enable the faid Chancellor, Mailers a Scholars of the faid Univerfity, and the Prefident iniScfc lars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necefry At for fuch Removal.	[iltJajfiM

4 TT^ HERE AS His late Majefty King George the food 1

*	Vv gracioufly pleafed by Letters Patent, under ttotaS

*	of Great Britain, bearing Date at Wefminpri the JBIty 4 September, in the Fourteenth Year of His faid Modf* &£ 4 to will and grant, that within Hart Hall in die

*	Oxford, and within the Bounds, Circuits and Prtcn&dthtto 4 in Oxford, and.within the fame Univerfity of Oxfidwilhli 4 berties and Precinfts of the fame, there fhould teteoihwtet 4 for ever one Perpetual College for Students of DmfltyteO

*	and Canon Law, Phyfic and other good Arts and iasgflfi 4 and that the fame College, confifting of a Principal, FowS« 4 Fellows or Tutors, and Eight Junior Fellows or ABM H 4 be for ever called Hertford College in the Univerfity sfOdvn 4 and further to will and grant, that the Principal andWtan 4 the College and their SticcefTors for ever, fhonld and

4 Body Corporate and Politic by the Name of the u ftiapd 1 4 Fellows of Hertford College in the Univerfity of Otftd'' I 4 Whereas the Prefident and Scholars of Saha Mon 4 College in the faid Univerfity of Oxford are ferifed in Fee of ic 4 tain Piece of Land, conftituting Part of the Sitepftbefnim 4 called Hertford College, of which they granted a 4 Principal and Fellows of the fame College, bearing Date & ^ 4 Day of December in the Year One thoufand fereo kwh*1 4 ninety fix, for the Term of Forty Years from tte Dtf & 4 undor a referved annual Rent of Three Pounds Frftea A 4 and One Penny : And Whereas the Chancellor,

4 lars of the faid Univerfity, are feifed in Re of certi*^ 4 Land, conftituting other Part of the Site of the faid 4 Hertford College, of which they granted a Leafe, tarff 4 the Twenty feventh Day of February in the Fear Or W 4 feven hundred and ninety eight, to the Principal and FA* 4 Hertford College, to hold to them and their Succefibri tf1 4 Term of Forty Years from the Feaft of the Annuodaw*0*1 4 Bleffed Virgin Mary, in the Year One thoufand km

12

56° GEO. IIL

C. 139.

687

Juftices in the Indenture of Apprenticefhip of fuch Child j and after

fuch Order (hall have been made, fuch Juftice* (hall fign their

Allowance of fuch Indenture of Apprenticefhip, before the fame

(hall be executed by any of the other Parties thereto: Provided Provifo as to

always, that no fuch Child (hall be bound Apprentice to any Perfon employ»ng Ap-

or Perfons refiding or having any Eftablifhment in Trade, at which	ot

it is intended that fuch Child (nail be employed out of the fame where^bound.

County, at a greater Diftance than Forty Miles from the Parifh or

Place to which fuch Child (hall belong, unlefs fuch Child (hall belong

to fome Parifh or Place which (hall be more than Forty Miles from

the City of Londm* in which cafe it (hall be lawful for the Juftices

who (hall authorize the apprenticing of fuch Child to make a fpeciai

Order for that Purpofe, in which Order fuch Juftices (hall dif-

tin&ly fpecify the Grounds on which they (hall think fit to allow

of the apprenticing of fuch Child to a Perfon or Perfons refiding,

or having aa Eftablifhment in Trade, at a greater Diftance than

Forty Miles from the Parifh or Place to which fuch Child (hall

belong.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes where the Red- Indenture to be dence or Eftablifhment of Bufinefs of the Perfon or Perfons to whom “u™ed by Two any Child (ball be bound, (hall be within a different County or Jurifdi&ion of the Peace, from that within which the Place by the which Appreo-Officers whereof fuch Child (hall be bound (hall be fituated, and	tice istobe

in all other cafes where the Juftices of the Peace for the Diftriit	bound, as well as

or Place within which the Place by the Officers whereof fuch Child bJf Two Juftices \	fhall be bound (hall be fituated, and who (hall fign the Allowance of	? *Jje	•

the Indenture by which fuch Child (hall be bound, (hall not have	bound.

'	Jurifdi&iou, every Indenture by which fuch Child (hall be bound at

any time after the faid Firft Day of OQober (hall be allowed as well by Two Juftices of the Peace for the County o| Diftrid within which the Place by the Officers of which fuch Child (hall be bound fhall be fituated, as by Two Juftices of the Peace for the County or Diftrid within which the Place (hall be fituated wherein fuch Child (hall be intended to ferve: Provided always, that no Indenture (hall be allowed by any Juftice of the Peace for the County into which fuch Child (hall be bound, who (hall be engaged in the fame Bufinefs, Employment or Manufacture in which the Perfon to whom fuch Child (hall be bound is engaged ; and Notice (hall be given to Notice to Over* the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place in which fuch Child feers tn-' (hall be intended to ferve an Apprenticefhip, before anv Juftice of dcmure Stowed, the Peace for the County or Diftridt within which fuen Parifh or Place (hall be, (haU allow fuch Indenture; and fuch Notice (hall be proved before fuch Juftice (hall fign fuch Indenture, unlefs One of fuch Overfeers (hall attend fuch Juftice, and admit fuch Notice.

IIL Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the Allow- Allowance by ance of Two Juftices of the Peace for the County,' within which County Magif-the Place in which fuch Child (hall be intended to ferve an Appren- *a,,d m ticefhip (hall be fituated, (hall be valid and effe&ual, although fuch ciuag*’ /Jrifdic-" Place may.be fituated in a Town or Liberty within which any lJon. other Juftices of the Peace may* in other refpc&s have an exdufive JuriOdi&on.

4 IV. And Whereas there are feveral Cities and Boroughs which 4 are Counties of themfelves, and feveral Diftrifts fituated without 4 the Limits of the County to which fuch Diftrids refpe&ively

4 belong/

676

C. 136.

56® GEO. Ill

A.D.1

And it was further found, that the (aid firft mentioned Pit Land was holden by the faid diffol ved College, at the time i Diflolution, of His Majefty, in free and common Socage it of His Royal Crown, but not fubje& to any Renti or Serri refped thereof, except Fealty: And it was farther found, tk faid difiblved College was at the time of hi Diflolution pol of the faid Pieces of Land, whereof the faid Chancellor, M and Scholars, and the faid Prefident and Scholars refpedief fo feized as aforefaid for the Refidue of the feycral Term i mentioned to have been granted by them refpeftively, tm with all Mefiuages, Eredions and Buildings on the (be? of Land handing, ere&ed and being : And it was farther it that the faid Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements and Heredba and Terms forYears, had efcheated and devolved, and did tha long to His Majefty by virtue of His Prerogative Royal; the faid Commiffioners had, in obedience to the (aid Comb feized the fame into the Hands of His Majefty: And bra quifition indented and taken at Grandpovnd, in the Fan&of £ Aldate, in the County of Berks > on the faid Fourth Day i I before Three of the Commifiioners in the laid Ctmuniiooi m upon the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men ofthefndCoa of Berks, in the faid laft Inquifition named it war food, i the faid College called Hertford College, in the Unwfysfd fordy on the laid Twenty eighth Day of June a tk forth thoufand eight hundred and five, became and wainiidfflbi and that the faid difiolved College was at the timed tk Mb tion thereof feifed in its Demelne as of Fee of asd'oTostsI Acres and Three Rods by Eftimation of Arable Land, bOl Acre and a Half of Meadow Ground, more or lefn lying dflferi in the Common Fields and Meadows of North Morin in theft County of Berks y with the Appurtenances; and tk tk k Lands and Hereditaments were at the time of the Di&ka the faid College held of His Majefty by the (aid 0% a & and cpmmon Socage, in right of His Royal Crown, btiootttjl to any Rents or Services in refpedt thereof except Fab, I had become efcheated to His Majefty by virtue of His Preropl Royal; and the faid Commiffioners had in obedience to dr i Commiffion feized the fame into the Hands of His M$ And Whereas the Buildings of the faid diflolted CoQtgtb fince the faid Diflolution thereof for the moft Put been turn and neglefted, the fame have gone gradually into Decay, i in a very ruinous and dilapidated State, and there it do Fi plicable to putting them into Repair: AndWherasifi Hall is contiguous to Saint Mary Magdalen Cdltrt, d d an ancient School for the Education o? Sixteen Chori&n < fame College, which forms Part of the Buildings of thttfl and the Freehold of the Site of the faid Hall and ScW*1 in the faid Prefident and Scholars of the faid Coif’ Whereas the faid Prefident and Scholars are about to iop* confidently enlarge the Buildings of Magdalen Collqt) b Purpofe they have caufed Plans to be drawn, which cannot fe&ually carried into Execution unlefs the laid Hall andSch taken down and removed, in which Event they intend to d provide another School equally convenient to the CoS

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.139.

689

fuch Apprentice (hall be fo bound or affigned, fhall be fubjed to the fame Rules and Regulations as the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Apprentice fhall be originally bound ; and in cafe any fuch Matter or Matters, Mittrefs or MittrefTes, fhall remove as aforefaid, and fhall take any fuch Apprentice to any other Place, without fuch Order as aforefaid, or fhall wilfully abandon and leave any fuch Apprentice, without giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every fuch Ap-prentice, to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place, wherein, at the time of fuch Removal or Taking, the Apprentice fhall have been legally fettled, for the Ufe of the Poor of the fame Parifh, Townfhip or Place ; provided an Information fhall be exhibited for fuch Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the Commiffton of the fame.

* IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that thofe to whom 4 Parifh Apprentices are bound or affigned fhould be empowered to 4 place out or affign over fuch Apprentice to others, and it is pro-‘ per that fuch placing out or Affignments fhould in all Inttances

*	be under the Infpe&ion and Controul of the Magiffrates ; and it is 4 fit that the Perfon to whom fuch putting out or Aflignment fhall

*	be made, and alfo the Apprentice, mail be made fubjed to the ordi-

*	nary Jurifdi&ion of Juttices of the Peace, with refpeft to Matters 1 and Parifh Apprentices ; and it is inexpedient that any Matter or

*	Mittrefs fhould in any way difcharge or difmifs from his or her Ser-

*	vice, any Parifh Apprentice without the Confent of fuch Juttices Be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the Firtt Day of 0Sober in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, it fhall not be lawful for any Matter or Mittrefs to put away or transfer any Parifh Apprentice to any other, or in any way to difcharge or difmifs from his or her Service any Parifh Apprentice without fuch Confent of Juttices, as is-dire&ed in an A& patted in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the further Regulation of Partjh Apprentices; and that no Settlement fhall be gained by any Service of fuch Apprentice, after fuch putting away or Transfer, unlefs fuch Service fhall have been performed under the San&ion of fuch Confent as aforefaid.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon or Perfons, who, after the Firtt Day of 0Sober in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, mall put away or transfer any Parifh Apprentice to another, or who fhall in any way difcharge or difmifs from his or her Service any Parifh Apprentice without fuch Confent a9 aforefaid, fhall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice : fo transferred.

1	4 XI. And Whereas the falutary Provifions ena&ed by an Ad

! 4 patted in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her Majefty : 4 Queen jElizabeth, intituled An A8 for the Relief of the Poor,

4 are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and ; 4 the Premium of Apprenticefhip, or a Part thereof, is clandeftinely 1 4 provided by Parifh Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out 1 4 fuch Poor Children without the San&ion of Juttices of PeaceBe' : it further enaded, That after the faid Firtt Day of 0Sober, no Inden-1 ture of Apprepticefhip by reafon of which any Expence whatever fhall at any time be incurred by the Public Parochial Funds, fhall be valid and effedual, unlefs approved of by Two Juttices of the 56 Gko. III.	Y y	Peace,

Mailers, ftc removing and taking Apprentice* without Order.

Penalty.

Provifions of 3i-G.3-c.57. enforced with re-fpedt to affigning or difebarging Apprentices.

3» G. 3. c.57.

Difcharging Apprentices without Confent of Juflices.

Penalty. 43 El. c. a.

Indentures not

valid unleCs approved by Two Juflices.

678

C. 136.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.U16.

c III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Ground and Bui c ings now forming Part of the faid difTolved College, which a

*	held by Leafe under the Prefident and Scholars of Saint Mm

*	Magdalen College, mar hereafter be permanently enjoyed by d

*	Principal and other Members of the faid HallBe it thmfoi

Premifes held ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Pa by Lcafc under fident and Scholars, and they are hereby authorized and empoi k « w be per- ere^, without any Confideration in Money, to grant and convey i manently enjoy- Fee Simple and Inheritance of the faid Ground and Buildings tarn ed by the Prin- prized in the faid Leafe, with their Appurtenances, unto and to At cipal and other Ufe of the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the Univeriitjdl Member* of	Oxford,	and their Succeffors for ever, freed and dtfeharged from A

Mag alen Hal fa^ annual Rertt of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One ftssp,

or any other Rent or Charge whatever; upon Truft for the cipal and other Members of the faid Hall for the time bein& asd t» the Intent that the fame may become a competent Part of]ifce Mi Hall, and be ufed and enjoyed accordingly.

When repaired, IV. And be it further ena&ed, That when and fo iooe as tk Principal and faid Buildings, Chambers and other Parts of the laid dz&hedCdU Member* lege, fhall have been put into fuch a State of complete Reper as Adi Hall toremove ^	by	Vice	Chancellor and Delegates of Eftater of lie

to diffolred Col- Univerfity for the time being, and the faid Prefident md ScM« lege of Hertford, lars of Saint Mary Magdalen College (hall have made (wck GnOt and Conveyance as herein before mentioned, it (hall and my be lawful to and for the then Principal of the faid Hall, ad for il *4 every the Members thereof, and they and each and every el ten « hereby required to furrender and give up the PofTeffioad da haft Hall and every Part thereof, and to relinquifti all Right and Tdeti the future Occupation and Enjoyment of the fame, and of erety Part thereof, unto the faid Prefident and Scholars of Sim Mmy Magdalen College; and the faid Principal and other Mates sf the faid Hall (hall thenceforth remove to and become eftdflfced A the faid difTolved College, which (hall from and after the fine Ml have been put into fuen Repair as aforefaid, and taken fiffrihi of by the laid Principal and other Members be called Mifiaim Hall in the Univerfity of Oxford; and the faid removed EfbbhM ment of the faid Hall, mall, to all Intents and Purpofes whatibevo} continue and be deemed,* taken and reputed to be .the fame EM blifhment, as if the fame had continued at and had not been remod from the prefent and ancient Site thereof.

Removal not to V. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Removal of the EM «ffe& Rights, blifhment of the faid Hall fhall not in any Refpe&s or Refpeft vht &c- ** pr“cu foever, prejudice, dim ini fh, vary, alter or affe£t the Powers, IanM ofthe ties,Adranteges, Rights and Privileges, bdonging or appal** Hall, or of the	to the Taid Hall, or to the prefent or any future Principal, erff

laid Chancellor, other Members or Member thereof, or belonging or appextef Marten and to the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of the (aid Unmrftfi*, ScJlol*rl•	over orotherwife touching or relating to the faid Hall, or tote

prefent or any future Principal or other Members or Meter thereof; but from and after fuch Removal of the Ettabliflm*st d the faid Hall, all and every the Powers, Immunities, Advantage* Rights and Privileges what foever, belonging or appertaining to tk faid Hall, or to the prefent or any future Member or Motet thereof, or belonging or appertaining to the faid Chancellor Mite

asl

U 816.

56° GEa IIL

C. 136.

67$

Scholars, in, over or otherwife touching or relating to the faid.

, or to the prefent or any future Principal, or other Member or fliers thereof, (hall be and continue fuch and the fame in all rets whatfoever, as if the Removal of the Eftabkfhment of the faid ifaad not taken Place.

VI.	And Whereas the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars defirous that the Ground and Buildings forming Part of the 1 diffolved College, which are compnzed in the hereinbefore ntioned Indenture of Leafe of the Twenty feventh Day of Fe-tary One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight may become component Part of the faid intended Hall, and be permanently joyed by the Principal and other Members thereof for the time mg, freed and difcharged from the faid annual Rents of Ten iSings and One Shilling and Eight pence Be it therefore fur-enafted, That it ihall and may be lawful for the faid Chan- Chancellor, r, Matters and Scholars and their Succeffors, and they are Matter and ^

)y authorized and empowered whenever they (hall think proper, yepower" iiy Deed in Writing under their Common Seal, to releafe and ed to releaJfe and iguifh the faid feveral annual Rents of Ten Shillings and One extinguiih cer-ing and Eight pence, and to declare by the fame or by any other tain annual d usder their Common Seal, that they the faid Chancellor, Renu* lers and Scholars and their Succeffors, for ever, (hall Hand feifed k faid Ground and Buildings comprized in the. (aid Leafe, in ft for the Principal and other Members of the faid Hall for the being, freed and difcharged from the faid annual Rents.

11. Provided always, and be it further enadcd, That the Prefix Present and and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, and their Sue- Scholars of Mag-on, ball yearly and every Year, as and when the faid yearly Rent d,lenhCo5eg*to argeof One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four pence to the Rec- charge of and Fellows of JExeter College (hall become payable, pay the iL 13a. 46. to e into the proper Hands of the Principal of the faid Hall for the Exeter College.

*	being, or unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as may be authorized entitled to receive the fame, to the intent that the faid Rent irge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings' and Four pence may be uarly paid to the Re&or and Fellows of Exeter College, and t the Principal of the faid Hall may be indemnified in refped reof.

/III. Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, Right of Entry, it nothing in this A d contained (hall prejudice the Right, Title, &c. of Exeter im or Entry of the Redor and Fellows of Exeter College, in re- College in ft of the faid Rent Charge of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and nr pence, fo iffuing and payable out of fome Part or Parts of 0f xi, 13*. 4d.

•	laid diffolved College ; but on the contrary the faid Redor and not to be af-Uow* and their Succeffors (hall have, ufe, exercife and enjoy all fe&ed.

wen and Remedies for railing, recovering and obtaining Payment the fame, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Ad inotpaffed.

IX.	Provided always, and be k further enaded. That in cafe the Negleft or Ra-1 Prefident and Scholars and their Succeffors (hall at any time or fufal to make w negled or refufe to pay the faid Rent Charge of One Pound rne,mon“ tirteen Shillings and Four pence as and when the fame (hall become Pt?menu*

! and payable, it (hall and may be lawful for the Principal of the 4 Hall for the time being, or for the Perfon or Perfons entitled to h Payment/ to fue for and recover the fome from the foid Prefi- Remedy.

X x 4*	dent

C/« iS6«

S6»GE0.I1I.

A.D.IM

After Remoral of Principal, fee, of Magdalen Hall, to diflblred College, and a

dent and Scholars and their SuccefTors, in any of Hit In Courts of Record at IVcflminJter, by an A&ion of Debt paid.	j

X.	And be it furthet enaded, That immediately from ud a the Removal of the Principal and other Members of the ball to the faid diffolved College* and after a ftoitahk School M \ been ereded or provided for the faid Chorifters, it Anil idol School provided, lawful to and for the Prefident and Scholars of Saint MaryMqk the Hall, &c. College to caufe the faid Hall and the faid School adjoiaiof fed may be uken to \ye taken down, and to ufe or difpofe of the Material* down*	fuch	manner	as	they may deem proper; and alfo to odl

Buildings on the Site thereof, or otherwife to indofe and usexl fame to the faid College* it being intended by this Ad tktki of the faid HaU and School (hall for ever afterwards be said is I form Part and Parcel of Saint Mary Magdalen Cdlegt,

* XI. And Whereas the Site and Buildings of tbe fsd tJuUa

*	College may be greatly improved and made more onuffd,*

*	the Occupation of the- fame by its intended Poftflbrs ntafl

*	more convenient and defirable, if the Front of the bxid&bo

*	College and alfo certain Houfe9 at the North aod talk Erf 9 thereof, with a Houfe in the Occupation of Richard Paac)aS^ 9 to New College Lane were taken down ; and it ii tWrr op

*	dient that Power fhould be given for that Purpdr^frfdsa fore enabled, That it fhall and maybe lawful fwtfcCtadta Mailers and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, to tre*»lagr«*d the Owners and Occupiers of and with ail other PeikmwocU in the Houfes and other Buildings and Ground nov sikM Occupations of Ann Bailey* Edward Hutton* Robert Bam* Hr hert* Edward Leader* James Stone* and Dorothy Berk* < & North and South Ends of the Front of the laid diffotadCiIlf and in the Houfe, Buildings and Ground, now in the Occpni the laid Richard Paine, leading to New College Lot, d i A Schedule of this A d more particularly deferibed, for theWrf of the fame, and to become feifed and pofieffed thereof, vita being fubjed or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfotumoftl Statutes of Mortmain, and to pay for the fame out of uyM<* that fhall come to their Hands tor that Purpofe, either by Su&j tion, or public or private Donation or Bequeft; and that the ft* to be paid for the Purchafe thereof fhall be certified for Paywsth the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, or by the Dehpns Eftates of the laid Univerfity, and fhall be by them paid out Ml Monies which (hall come to their Hands for that Porpofe, to At Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or CoBqta entitled thereto; or fhall be laid out and difpofed of in tbeBnU England* in the manner by this Att direded, as the cafe sifhl and upon Payment of the Money required to be paid for dth* chafe of fuch Houfes and other Buildings and Ground, totkfefc or Perfons entitled thereto, or on depofiting tbe fame in tfehak of England in manner by this Ad direded, as the cafe fuch Premifes fhaU thereupon veil abfolutely in the Quo* Madera and Scholars of the faid Univerfity, for the Purpobd this Ad.

XII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may bekvfii to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Cdkgiafe, ud is*

fo-

Power given to Chancellor, Mafters and Scholar* of tbe tlniverfity to purchafe certain Houfes.

Bodies Politic, See. and Perfons under any Dif-

56° GEO. III.

C. 1'40.

693

c III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the faid '• Hydrometer called Sites’* Hydrometer, according to the Temper-4 ature thereof, have been fet down in a Table, intituled, 44 A Table 4 of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Sites’* Hydrometer,” and 4 which faid Table has been and is fubferibed with the Hand of the 4 Right Honourable Nicholas Vanjittarty Chancellor of the Exche-4 quer of Great Britain; and Three accurate Scales or Sliding 4 Rules have been alfo conftrufted and prepared, to be ufed with the 4 faid Hydrometer, for the more convenient and ready Calculation of 4 the Quantity of Spirits of certain Strengths, fpecified by the faid 4 Scales or Sliding Rules, refpe&ively contained in or which can 4 be made from any Quantity of Spirits of any other Strength, which, 4 upon Trial of fuch Spirits, may be denoted by the faid Hydro-4 meter, called Sites’ * Hydrometer ; one of the faid Scales or Slid-4 ing Rules (hewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the 4 Strength of Proof contained in or which can be made from Spirits 4 of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of fuch Spirits, (hall be 4 denoted by the feid Hydrometer, called Sites’* Hydrometer, 4 according to the Temperature of fuch Spirits; another of fuch 4 Scales or Sliding Rules (hewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum 4 of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, contained in 4 or which can be made from Spirit of any other Strength, which, 4 upon Trial of fuch Spirits, (nail be denoted by the faid Hydro-4 meter, called Sites’s Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of 4 fuch Spirits; and another of fuch Scales or Sliding Rules (hewing 4 the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the Strength of Twenty 4 eight ter Centum under Proof, contained in or which can be made 4 from Spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of fuch 4 Spirits, (hall be denoted by the faid Hydrometer, called Sites’s 4 Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of fuch Spirits; and 4 it is expedient to make fuch Provifion for and in refpeft thereof as 4 is hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore ena&ed, That the faid Strengths of Spirits fo fet down in the faid Table, (hall, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and juft; and the faid Scales or Sliding Rules refpe&ively (hall alfo, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, be deemed accurate and juft ; and the faid Table and Scales or Sliding Rules refpedt-ively (hail, on all neceffary or convenient Occaiions, be ufed by the Officer and Officers of His Majefty's Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife refpe&ively, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, for the Purpofes in that behalf £forefaid; and the Refults of fuch Ufe (hall on all fuch Occaiions be deemed and taken to be accurate and Juft Refults.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Trials of the Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife, with the laid Hydrometer called Sites’ * Hydrometer, in any Part of the faid United Kingdom, the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, called Sites’s Hydrometer, (half be fubftituted for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in an AS. of the Twenty (ixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, among other things, for the better Regulation of the making and vending Briti/b Spirits, or in any other Aft or A6ts of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, in force immediately before the paffing of this

Y y 3	Aa;

EftablHbment of the Table of Strengths and Sliding Rule for Sikes'a Hydro* meter.

Regulating the Strength of Spiriu} Sec.

16 G.> c. 73. |6o.

C. 136.

56° GEO. IIL

AJXlffU

Where lefs th»n aooL and not under sol.

Where lefs than aoL

or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the feme Jha& laid out and invefted under the like Direction and Appnhatioift the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenemeota or Hi ditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upos i and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fi manner as the Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall be fo ■ chafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or limited, or m of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Sesfaflfl (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effect;att the meantime and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the fsii Msfe (hall, by Order of the (aid Court of Chancery, upon ApphoflU thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in has Ham the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or IV Pounds ter Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the matfii and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the (ad Cam to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and MR Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annstfin, hi from time to time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the MV or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled kith Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenei^nts or HeredkamotiiS hereby dire&ed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or SeotenoM were made*

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadfced, That if ay Money fo agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hendka* ments purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes dorefiii adV longing to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Periamxsfer mt§ Dilability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (kali be lefs that due Ssa m Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Ssb ft Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the feme fbfi, m tfct Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to iht Rents and Profits of the Tenements or Hereditaments fo patfefel taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Gmnhmt Can mittee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to Ve ftpfe fied in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into die nk in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant Gerald the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account si aforefaid, in order to be applied in the mauner hereinbefore dire&dj or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option of Two Ts£ tees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch OpUR and approved by the laid Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars, kk Nomination and Approbation to be (ignified in Writing under da Hands and Seals of the nominating and approving Parties rdped* ively, in order that fuch Principal Monies, and the Dividends ariaf thereon, may ber applied in any manner hereinbefore dire&ed, Jo hr as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required ts obtain, the Dire&ion or Approbation of the laid Court of Ckmosj*

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That wks feck Money fo agreed to be paid as lad before mentioned fhal be WCi than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall be ap» plied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the bat being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Teoemesb or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purposes of this Adi, in fuch manner as the faid Chancellor, Mailers and Scboha (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy* then to his, her*

tin

S6* GEO. III.

C. 140.

695

Degree of Strength than the faid Seventeen per Centum under Forfeiture under Proof; and alfo that all Spirits made fubjed to Forfeiture under or mentioned by virtue of any other of the faid laft mentioned Adis, for or by rea- offencea* fon of their lower Degree of Strength than laft aforefaid, (hall ^ together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reafon of the faid Spirits being of a lower Degree of Strength than the faid Seventeen per Centum under Proof; and that in a& fuch Trials as aforefaid* the Strength of Twenty ter Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, called Sties'* Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the faid Alt of the Thirtieth Year aforefaid, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Revenue^of Excife, in force immediately before the patting of this Ad ; and that all Spirits made fuhied to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the faid laft mentioned Ads, or any or either of them, for or by reafon of their higher Degree of Strength than laft aforefaid, (hall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited, for or by reafon of the faid Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the faid Twenty per Centum under Proof; and that in all Accounts taken under or by virtue of the faid Ad, made in the Thirtieth Year aforefaid, by any Officer or Officers of Escife, of the Stock of Briti/b Brandy, redified Briti/b Spirits, raw Britijb Spirits, Compounds or other Briti/b Spirits, of any Redifier or Redifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not), all and every fuch Stock and Stocks (hall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight per Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes9s Hydrometer, in lieu and inftead of calling and computing the fame at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the faid laft mentioned Ad ; and that all Spirits Forfeiture of made fubjed to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the ftud laft men- Spirit* when dif-tioned Ad, for or by reafon of any fuch Stock added to the Quantity ^e^theQuan-of Spirits, for which Permits (hall have been granted fince the time of t-lly m taking the laft preceding Account of fuch Stock, being found to Stock at the time exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of of taking the Excife in fuch Stock, at the time of 'taking the laft preceding Ac- PrecedinK Account of fiich Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excife, added to C0UDt* the Quantity fince received or made, as in the faid laft mentioned Ad is mentioned, with the Allowance in the faid laft mentioned Ad in that behalf mentioned, (hall be and remain forfeited for or by reafon of fuch Stock being found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excife in fuch Stock at the time of taking the laft preceding Account of fuch Stock, calling or computing the fame in manner direded by this Ad ; and that all Britifb Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty three per Centum above Proof, denoted by the fame Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, (hall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine, within the Meaning of the faid Ad made in the Twenty 180.3. c. 46. lixih Year of the Reign of His prefent* Majefty: Provided always, Pnwifo, that if the Strength 0* any Spirits manufadured and imported from ^lrits	_

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great potion to* Britain called England as aforefaid fliall fapon Trial, by any Officer England, (hall or Officers of Excife in England, by the find Hydrometer, called not be forfeited

Y y 4	Sikes's

684	C.	136,	137-	56°	GEO.	III.	AJhlS

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

OCCUPIERS.

DESCRIPTION.

Ann Bailey Edward Hutton

A Dwelling Houfe A Dwelling Houfe

OWNERS.

f Thomas Prefton,

|	beneficial Leak iron

I	the Cityof Odbri

| Edward Hutton, sadert {	fimilar Leafe.

Robert Bateman J Herbert - [ Edward Leader

James Stone

i

Dorothy Barker | Richard Paine -

A Dwelling Houfe and 1 fmall Court Yard - -j Ditto

A Dwelling Houfe, Shop-! under Hertford College Library, and a fmall Garden and Court Yard -J

AD welling Houfe and fmall’ Court Yard

A fmall Public Houfe, and Court Yard

L

Jane Vowles. Ditto.

James Stone.

The Rererend Mr. Dm.

Edward Midden, usds' a beneficial Leak iron j the City of Oz&xtL j

CAP. CXXXVII.

'	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft of tbeYaftlw

of the Reign of King James the Firft, intituled An ABf\ the better Relief of the Creditors againjl fuch as Jbeil km Bankrupts.	[2d	Jtdj	iSri

x Jac. i. c. 15.	t	HERE AS in and by an Ad paffed in the Firft Tor sf d

* 14*	* V V Reign of His late Majefty King James the Firt, srtiuk

1 An AS for the better Relief oj the Creditors agasuffiuh aiJh

*	become Bankrupt, it was amongft other things eoaaed, tint

*	Debtor of a Bankrupt fhould be thereby endangered for the ft 1 ment of his or her Debt truly and bona fide to any fuch Bankrag ‘ before fuch time as he (hould underiland or know that he a

*	become Bankrupt: And Whereas the Provifions of the ft

*	Statute have been found to be beneficial, and it is alfo experts « to make fuch Provifions refpeding the Delivery of Goods, Wae

*	Merchandizes and Effeds as are hereinafter containedMiy therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be eroded, asd be enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and witi ik Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Can mono, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Aahricy

Perfoni noten- of the'fame. That no Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Carpo dangered by De- rate, Joint Stock or other Company, having m his, ha « the or^ea»to>dS	or Cuftody any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or E&C

Bankrupts, not belonging to any Perlon or Perfons who (hall be or become Bankrcp having a Know- (hall be endangered for or by reafon of the Delivery of say iac ledge of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effeds truly and bourn fit to foe Bankruptcy. Perfon or Perfons, or to his, her or their Order, before fod ca as the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, Joint Ssd

C1

56° GEO. III.

69 7

C. 141,142.

for the County, Town or Diflrift in which fuch Land is fituated ; which Oath the faid Juftice is hereby empowered to adrainifter ; and If Value above in cafe the Value fhall appear to exceed One hundred Pounds, that IocI*other other Lands, of at leaft an equal Value, eftimated and verified in ”be manner aforefaid, fhall be well and legally conveyed to and for the convejr fame Ufes as the Lands conveyed by the faid Spiritual Perfons or Corporations Sole, and as the Confideration thereof; and in cafe the Application of Value fhall appear not to amount to One hundred Tounds, but fhall the Money if exceed Twenty Pounds, fuch Value fhall be paid to the Governors that of the Bounty of Queen Anne^ for the Augmentation of the Main- a ue* tenance of the Poor Clergy, to be by them ufed and applied for the Benefit of fuch Spiritual Perfon or Corporation Sole, in the fame manner as they are now empowered by Law to ufe and apply other Sums of Money coining into their Hands; and in cafe the Value fhall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the faid Value fhall be paid in Money to fuch Spiritual Perfon or Corporation Sole, to be by him applied at his own Discretion.

III.	Provided always, That no Alienation made by virtue of this Time within Aft fhall be queflioaed after the Expiration of Twenty Years from which Aliena-the time of fuch Alienation, on account of any Want of Compliance tl0n*

; with the Forms prefcribed by this Aft.	queftioned.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all Ground which has been Burial Ground or fhall be confecrated as Burial Ground fhall, after Twenty Years difcharged of ad. from the time of fuch Confecration, be confidered as difcharged from *****

all adverfe Titles, Claims and Demands whatsoever, and as abfolutely Confeera. veiled in the Truflee or Truflees, if any, thereof; and if there tion thereof.

. fhould not be any fuch Truflee or Truflees, then in the Vicar or Perpetual Curate, if any, for the time being; and if there fhould not be any Vicar or Perpetual Curate, then in the Reftor for^ie time being of each Parifh in which fuch Burial Ground is or (hall be fituate.

CAP. CXLII.

An Aft for

n Aft for granting to His Majefty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Monies therein mentioned

dioufand eight hundred and fixteen; and^ for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seifion of Parliament.

[2d July 1816.3

f I. *£.3,000,000 o o Surplus out of Consolidated1)

Fund . -

II.	18,694,100	o	o	Part of Monies in the Exche-

18,694,100

quer to complete Aids for 1815.

III.	5*663,7 55 o o Surplu8oftheGrantsfori8i5»

IV.	599*916 3 6

o o Surplus of the Grants fori 815.

3 6

1815.

amen rrora oaie 01 uia naval and Victualling Stores

V.

43*47

3 ll\ Iffued prior to 5th January

1810. and remaining as Out Cafh in the Cheft of the Four Tcllers of the Exchequer

686	C. 139.	56° GEO. III.	AJlfl

How Ptrifh Apprentices fhiU be bound.

Juftices to en-quire into certain Matters,

nay examine the Parents.

In what cafe Juftices lo make an Order that Overfeers bind the Child Ap. prentice.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An AGt to regulate the binding of Parifli Apprentices.

[id Jif/j iSi

*	T T 7 HERE AS many Grievances have arifen from the biria 4 W poor Children as Apprentices by Parifli Officer) to 4 proper Perfons, and to Perfons redding at a Diftance foe

*	Parifhes to which fuch Poor Children belong, whereby tie I

*	Parifli Officers, and the Parents of fuch Children, are

4 of the Opportunity of knowing the manner in which fudCidl 4 are treated, and the Parents and Children have, in many \m 4 become eftranged from each other ; and alfo from the Feral 4 given ^^Apprentices, by the Perfons to whom fuch AppraH 4 nave been bound, to ferve others without a formal AfEgwa 4 whereby the Difcretion to be exercifed by Magifbites ic pk 4 out Apprentices to fuitable Perfons, is frequency rendered of 4 avail:9 For Remedy whereof, be it ena&ea by The %iMi Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confect of the Lai Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Mat aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from&tii the Firft Day of 0Bober in the Year of oor LordOsr tkk eight hundred and fixteen, before any Child Hull be bomlAppm rice by the Overfeers of the Poor of any Pariih, TorApcrfta fuch Child Audi be carried before Two Juftices of ffirAacrafck County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuchhihje«% or Place (hall be fituate, who (hall enquire into the hsjrttt« binding fuch Child Apprentice to the Perfon or Peribn to m it Rial! be propofed by fuch Overfeers' to bind fuch ChAd; a fuch Juftices fhjfi particularly enquire and confidcr whether fat Perfon or Perfons refide, or have his, her or their Place or Phot of Bufinefs within a reafonable Diftance from the Place to wkhfc Child (hall belong, having regard to the Means of Gmmuu* between fuch Places, or whether any Circumftances (hill nk i fit, in the Judgement of fuch Juftices, that fucb Child Mi 1

Slaced Apprentice at a greater Diftance; and if the Filler« (other of fuch Child (haul be living, and fliall refide in or serd Place to which fuch Child fliall belong, fuch Juftices flail (if the fee fit) examine fuch Father or Mother, or either of them, ad h particularly enquire as to the Diftance of the Refidenoe or Pkri Bufinefs of the Perfon or Perfons to whom it fliall be propofed J place fuch Child, and the Means of Communication therewith; a luch Juftices fliall alfo enquire into the Circumftances tod Clan* of fuch Perfon or Perfons ; and if fuch Juftices fliall, npoc B Examination and Enquiry, think it proper that fuch Chid be bound Apprentice to fuch Perfon or Perfons, fuch JidbcahS make an Order, declaring that fuch Perfon or Perfoui is** fit Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Child may be propetfetod as Apprentice, and fliall thereupon order that the OverfeeraO** feers of the Place to which luch Child (hall belong M be * liberty to bind fuch Child Apprentice accordingly; which Order (Hall be delivered to fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, as the Win* for binding fuch ‘Child Apprentice as aforefaid, ami fuch Order fliall be referred to by the Date thereof, and the Name* of the W

JnAri

A.D>1816.

56° GEO, III.

689

C.1S9.

fuch Apprentice (hall be fo bound or afligned, (hall be fubjeft to the fame Rules and Regulations as the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Apprentice (hall be originally bound ; and in cafe any fuch Mailer or Mailers, Miilrefs or Midreffes, (hall remove as aforefaid, and (hall take any fuch Apprentice to any other Place, without fuch Order as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully abandon and leave any fuch Apprentice, without giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every fuch Apprentice, to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Pari(h, Townlhip or Place, wherein, at the time of fuch Removal or Takiug, the Apprentice (hall have been legally fettled, for the Ufe of the Poor of the fame Parifh, Townlhip or Place; provided an Information (hall be exhibited for fuch Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the CommifTion of the fame.

4 IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that thofe to whom

*	Parilh Apprentices are bound or afTigned (hould be empowered to

*	place out or aflign over fuch Apprentice to others, and it is pro-4 per that fuch placing out or A Alignments (hould in all In (lances 4 be under the Infpe&ion and Controul of the Magidrates ; and it is

,	4 fit that the Perfon to whom fuch putting out or Aflignment (hall

j 4 be made, and alfo the Apprentice, (hall be made fubjedl to the ordi-4 nary Jurifdi&ion of Jullices of the Peace, with refpedl to Madera 4 and Parifh Apprentices ; and it is inexpedient that any Mader or 4 Miftrefs (hould in any way difeharge or difmifs from his or her Ser-4 vice, any Parilh Apprentice without the Confent of fuch Judices;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the Fird Day of j 0Bober in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, it (hall ‘ not be lawful for any Mader or Midrefs to put away or transfer any Parifh Apprentice to any other, or in any way to difeharge or difmils from his or her Service any Parilh Apprentice without fuch Confent of Judices, as ia_ dire6ted in an A6t pafTed in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, intituled An A3 for the further Regulation of Parifh Apprentices; and that no Settlement (hall be gained by any Service of fuch Apprentice, after fuch putting away or Transfer, unlefs fuch Service (hall have been performed under the San&ion of fuch Confent as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon or Perfons, who, after the Fird Day of 0Bober in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (nail put away or transfer any Parilh Apprentice to another, or who (hall in any way difeharge or difmifs from his or her Service any Parifh Apprentice without fuch Confent as aforefaid,

1 (hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice : fo transferred.

4 XI. And Whereas the* falutary Provifions enafted by an A&

4 pafTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her Majedy 4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An A3 for the Relief of the Poor,

4 are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and 4 the Premium of Apprenticelhip, or a Part thereof, is clandeftinely 4 provided by Parilh Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out 4 fuch Poor Children without the San&ion of Judices of Peace ;* Be1 it further ena&ed, That after the faid Fird Day of OBober, no Indenture of Apprepticelhip by reafon of which any Expencc whatever (hall at any time be incurred by the Public Parochial Funds, (hall be valid and effe&ual, unlefs approved of by Two Jullices of the 56 Geo. III.	Y	y	Peace,

Mailers* Arc. removing and taking Apprentices without Order.

Penalty.

Provifions of 3»-G.3. c.57. enforced with re-fpe£l to aligning or difebarging Apprentices.

3*G.3. c.57.

Difcharging Apprentices without Confent of J u ft ices.

Penalty. 43 EL c. a.

Indentures not valid unleCs approved by Two Judices.

C.189.

56® GEO. III.

Diftance to which Apprentices bound not limited to Cities which are Counties of tbem-felves.

No Settlement eained unlefs Directions com* plied with.

Over leers binding Apprentices contrary hereto.

Penalty.

Children not to be bound till they have attained Nine Yean.

In cafes of M afters* Removal, Ac how Apprentices (lull be difpofedof.

Notice of Re. moral.

AJXili

* belongBe it ena&ed, That the Diftance to which MI prentices may be bound* (hall not be conftrued to be limited to i Cities and Boroughs being Counties, but (hall extend to the Coi in which any fuch City and Borough* and any foch Diftrift, tin belonging to another County, (hall be locally (ituated.

V.	And be it further enaded, That no Settlement M be ga by any Child who (hall be bound by the Officers of any Fa Town (hip or Place, by reafon of fuch Apprenticed^ unltis I Order (hall be made, and fuch Allowances of fuch lodestar Apprentice(hip (hall be (igned, as hereinbefore direfted.

VI.	And be it enaded* That in cafe any Overfeer or 0*4 (hall bind an Apprentice to any Perfon or Perfons, without hi obtained fuch Order and fuch Allowances as hereinbefore irqoa and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall receive any fuch Apprei as fo bound, without fuch Order and Allowances having bees f obtained, the faid Overfeer or Overfeers, and the faid Pda Perfons, (hall each refpedively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pooa^i each Apprentice fo bound, to be recovered as the Penalties knsi after given are direded to be recovered.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after tk h Firft Day of O&ober it (hall not be lawful for any Parift Ola to bind out any Child as Parifh Apprentice, until fochW h have attained the Age of Nine Years, any thing in aajA&orA& of Parliament to the contrary notwith(landing.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if ally M§ orW* to whom any Child (hall be bound Apprentice If tk Oeh* of the Poor of any Parifh or Place, (half after the faiYriDtjd OSoAer remove his, her or their Refidence or EftabMunestd M nefs, out of the fame County or Forty Miles hum thePiAn Place wherein the fame was when fuch Child was bound Appicw fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, at lead Fourteen Days prm?« t fuch Removal, give a written Notice thereof to the Cinmkrri* or Overfeers of the Poor of the Place where fuch Apprram H then refide, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall refide in fodfa under Certificate; and in that cafe fuch PerfonsihiU giwtkfl Notice to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Phi where fuch Apprentice (hall then be legally fettled, and & Churchwardens and Overfeers, and alfo the Mailer or Mafo Miftrefs or Miftrefles of fuch Apprentice, (hall cade fuch Appd tice to appear before Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Pd for the County or Diftrid within which fuch Apprentice Atf h then ferving, who (hall enquire whether it may be fit sad propcrlM fuch Apprentice (hould continue in the Service of fact Pd** Perfons, or be discharged therefrom, or bound or iffigsedoKrto*? other Perfon or Perfons, and (hall thereupon make order, title » the Continuance of fuch Apprentice with fuch Perfon or P^* or for the Difcharge of fuch Apprentice, or for the a affigning of fuch Apprentice to any other Perfon, as to ^ ® their Discretion (hall feem meet, and if they (hall fee fit, require the Perfon or Perfons fo giving Notice of Reoovil,»]*J the Amount of the Premium received with fuch ApprcMj fuch Portion of it as to them (hall feem meet* for the Exp^* affigning or binding fuch Apprentice to any other Perfoo, w * approved by the faid Juftices; and die Perfon or Perfons

l£

.A.D.1816.

XVII.	£.60,000 o

XVIII.	12,044,333 18 385,276 9 333*^93 "

514,288 7

142,872 I

1

7l8,l88	9

M39>7°7

462,760 o 119,856 18 20,835 s

550,000 o 1112,727 1

114,302 6 460,890 7

56° GEO. III.	C.142.	701

o

8

6

6

4

2

8

4

o

6

5

o

2

7

7

For Preparation* for the Marriage of the Princefs Charlotte Augufta.

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to fay,

JFrom

For Houfehold Troops

For the Regiments of Dra-' goon Guards and Dragoons, and the Royal Waggon Train, propofed to be' Rationed m Great Britain -For the Corps of Infantry of the Line propofed to be employed in Great Britain, and in the Iflands in the Channel For the Regiments of Cavalry propofed to be Rationed in Ireland -	-

25th Dec. 1815. to 24th Dec. 1816.

For the Corps of Infantry of the Line, propofed to be Rationed in Ireland - -For the Corps of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, propofed to be employed on Stations Abroad, (excepting the Corps Rationed in France, and in the Territorial PoiTeflions of the Eajl India Company)

For Mifcellaneous Charges for Regiments on the Brt-tijh Eftablifhment -For Mifcellaneous Charges for Regiments of the Line to be Rationed in Ireland For Five Troops of Dragoons and Twelve Companies of Foot Rationed in Great Britain, for the Pur-pofeof recruitingthc Corps employed in theTerritorial

For the Year 1816.

Poffeffionsof the Baft India Company For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom For General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments -For the Pay of Supernumerary Officers -For Half Pay to reduced Officers of iheBriti/bAmt-

0. 139.

56® GEO. III.

A.DUfll j

PenaUiet how recovered.

Juft ices empowered to dif-pofe of Penalties.

Recovery of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

ESC'’

Peace, under their Hands and Seata, according to the Prtmiiod | the faid Aft and of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfal I hereby impofed for any Offence againft this Aft, (ball and wy recovered by Information before any Two Juftices of the Pm the County or Diftrift where fuch Offence (hall be comrattei

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be if I to and for the Juftices before whom any fuch Penalty (hall beri vered, to direft fnch Penalty, after deducting the necrfarrfT and Charges attending any Infoimation, and the Proceeding? A to be paid, applied and diftributed, cither to the Perfon orP giving Information of the Offence for which fuch Penalty il incurred or to the Overfeer of the Poor of the Parift or Ton in which fuch Offence (hall have been committed, or by theC whereof fuch Apprentice (hall have been bound, for the U(e of I Poor of fuch Parrfh or Townfhip, or in the binding of the Apf tice, refpefting whom fuch Offence (hall be committed, to acre Perfon, or to be diftributed and applied for any One or more off Purpofes, as to fuch Juftices (hall teem meet.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That m cafe of ] of any Penalty hereby impofed, the fame (hall be levied by D and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Wumf J the Hands and Seals of the Juftices before whon fed 0& (hall have been convifted, or of any other Two Jdbeeeftkfl of the fame County or Diftrift; and for want of fudlSttl Offender (hall be committed to the Common Gaol orEWofO . reftion for any Period not lefs than One, nor moretta&Wh to be appointed by the Juftices before whom fuch Qfa&tt convifted.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the CmmdkfflWS fences againft this Aft, (hall he in the Form following; that a

DE it remembered. That on the

in the Year of Our Lord is convifted before us	of His	H

Juftices of the Peace for the County of Information of	for	that	{herepit &

contrary to the Form of the Statute paffed in the JFifrf axil the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third* Mdf Ad to regulate the binding of Parijb Apprentices and Offence we do adjudge that the faid	*

forfeit and pay the Sum of	tobepsij

applied as follows {hereJlate the Application of the Pad]]* cafe fuch Penalty (hall not be paid by the faid	..

or levied by Diftrefs upon	Goods	ad&&

within	Days	from	the	Date	of	this

adjudge that the faid	(haUbebffc®*

for the Space of	*

Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year mentioned.’

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe tay ▼ifted for any Offence againft this Aft (hall not payth^! impofed by fuch Conviftion within One Calendar Month nrtj fuch Conviftion (hall take place* it (hail be lawful tn «1 **

10	^

56* GEO. III.

C.rm

695

A.D.1&16.

9 III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the faid

*	Hydrometer called Sikes*s Hydrometer, according to the Temper-

*	ature thereof, have been fet down in a Table, intituled, 44 A Table 4 of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Sikes’* Hydrometer,” and 4 which faid Table has been and is fubfcribed with the Hand of the

*	Right Honourable Nicholas Vanfittart% Chancellor of the Exche-4 quer of Great Britain; and Three accurate Scales or Sliding

j * Rules have been alfo conftru&ed and prepared, to be ufed with the 4 faid Hydrometer, for the more convenient and ready Calculation of 4 the Quantity of Spirits of certain Strengths, fpecified by the faid

*	*	Scales or Sliding Rules, relpe&ively contained in or which can

;	4	be made from any Quantity of Spirits of any other Strength, which,

*.	4	upon Trial of fuch Spirits, may be denoted by the faid Hydro-

*	4	meter, called Sikes’s Hydrometer ; one of the faid Scales or Slid*

i	4	ing Rules (hewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the

*	4	Strength of Proof contained in or which can be made from Spirits

4 of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of fuch Spirits, (hall be 4 denoted by the mid Hydrometer, called Sikes’s Hydrometer,

4 according to the Temperature of fuch Spirits} another of fuch

'	4	Scales or Sliding Rules (hewing the Quantity of Spirits per Centum

'	4	of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, contained in

4 or which can be made from Spirits of any other Strength, which,

4 upon Trial of fuch Spirits, (hall be denoted bv the faid Hydro-r	4	meter, called Sikes’s Hydrometer, according to tne Temperature of

*	4	fuch Spirits; and anotner of fuch Scales or Sliding Rules (hewing

4 the Quantity of Spirits per Centum of the Strength of Twenty

1	4	eight ter Centum under Proof, contained in or which can be made

*	4	from spirits of any other Strength, which, upon Trial of fuch

4 Spirits, (hall be denoted by the faid Hydrometer, called Sikes’s

r	4	Hydrometer, according to the Temperature of fuch Spirits; and

4	it is expedient to make fuch Provifion for and in refpedt thereof as

4 is hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore ena&ed, That the faid Eftablifbment of Strengths of Spirits fo fet down in the faid Table, (hall, in and the Table of throughout the faid United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and juft; and the faid Scales or Sliding Rules refpe&ively (hall s»ke*’s Hydr*^ alfo, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, be deemed accu- meter. 7 rate and juft; and the faid Table and Scales or Sliding Rules refpe£t-ively (hall, on all neceflary or convenient Occafions, be ufed by the Officer and Officers of His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife refpeftively, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, for the Purpofes in that behalf ^lorefaid; and the Refults of fuch Ufe (hall on all fuch Occafions be deemed and taken to be accurate and Juft Refults.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Trials of the Strength Regulating the of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excife, with the laid Strength of Hydrometer called Sikes’s Hydrometer, in any Part of the faid Spirits, See. United Kingdom, the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, called Sikes’s Hydrometer, {half be fubftituted for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in an A& of the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign aftG.j. c. 73. of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, among other things, * 6o< for the better Regulation of the making and vending Britijb Spirits, or in any other A£t or A6ts of Parliament selating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, in force immediately before the palling of this

Y y 3	Ad;

C. HO.

56” GEO. IIL

41 G. 3. c.97.

Recited Claufe in 41 G. 3.c.97. and the Adt 41 G.3. c.97. repealed.

All Spirits to be deemed of the Strength of which Sikes's Hydrometer 4M& denote them.

Mill

1 Ihould upon Trial by any Officer or Officer* of Excife, fc

*	any fuch Spirits to be, which was to continue in force cri

*	Fifth Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and eighty e

*	and which by feveral fubfequent A6b was continued until tbe ‘ Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and one, fhod

*	made perpetual; And Whereas, fince the paffiog of the fzidi

*	an Hydrometer called Sites*s Hydrometer, hath with grot ‘ been completed, and bath by proper Experiments made hi ‘ Purpofe been afeertained to denote as Proof Spirit that di

*	the Temperature of Fifty one Degrees by Fahrenheit'ilk

*	meter, weighs exadlly Twelve thirteenth Parts of an equal ft € of diftilled Water; and alfo to determine the Strengths 1 ‘ other Spirits, in Proportion to the Quantity of fuchfW!

*	which is contained therein, or which can be made from then,

*	a Degree of Accuracy never before attained ; and it is opt

*	to eftablifh the fame, in lieu and inftead of the laid Hydro!

*	called Clarke*s Hydrometer, which ftill remains in Ufc in I

*	Britain, under and by virtue of the faid Ad; and it is alibi

*	dient to repeal the faid recited Claufe of the faid Ad, made i

*	Forty firfl Year of the Reign aforefaid 5 and alfo an Ad sa

*	the Forty fecond Year of the Reign aforefaid, intituled

*	authorize the Lord High Treafurer or CommiffioatruftkTty

*	in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treafurer or tit Ceasfn 1 of the Treafury in Ireland, to order the Ufe of tbe Eihoamt

*	employed in tbe Management of the Revenues, to he tinted i € other In/lruments to be ufed inftead thereof ;f Be it than enadted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefly, Vfnd wiffil Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempord, 1 Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, andby&i thority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jm One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the (aid recited Q and alfo the faid Adi made in the Forty fecond Year ifbrmid, 15^and the fame arc hereby refpedlively repealed.

II. And be it further enadled, That in and throughout tail Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ from and after the fri Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feveatee Spirits (hall (fave and except in the feveral cafe* hereinafter exp mentioned and otherwife provided for) be deemed and tain ml theTDegree of Strength at which the laid Hydrometer,calkdfi Hydrometer, (hall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers rf Cuftoms or Excife, denote fuch Spirits to be, any thing in the Adis, or in any other Adi or Adis, to the contrary thereof a 1 wife notwithftanding; and all Rules, Regulations, Prorfa h ties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things, in any Ad or .4 contained, and not hereby exprefsly controuled or altered, nor ^ nant to the Provifions of this Adi, relating to the afeotssj^ Degree of Strength of any Spirits, or to the Degree of any Spirits, for any Purpofe whatever, relating to &N* of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, by the hid Hfto® called Clarke's Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer, Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, (hall be in fit and applied in all Refpe&s as to the faid Hydrometer called ^ Hydrometer, as fully and effedlually as if the fame were hotbi^ cularly reenadled as to fuch laft mentioned Hydrometer.

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 140.

695

Degree of Strength than the faid Seventeen per Centum under Forfeiture under Proof{ and alfo that all Spirits made fubjed to Forfeiture under or hit imentioned by virtue of any other of the faid lad mentioned Ads, for or by rea- ^, nnr-cn^!ln fun of their lower Degree of Strength than lad aforefaid, (hall thUAtt. together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by reafon of the faid Spirits being of a lower Degree of Strength than the faid Seventeen per Centum under Proof; and that in aS fuch Trials as aforefaid, the Strength of Twenty ter Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, called SiirPs Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the faid Ad of the Thirtieth Year aforefaid, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to His Majetty’s Revenue^bf Excife, in force immediately before the palling of this Ad ; and that all Spirits made fubjed to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the faid lad mention*®

Ads, or any or either of them, for or by reafon of their higher Degree of Strength than lad aforefaid, (hall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited, for or by reafon of the faid Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the faid Twenty per Centum under Proof; and that in all Accounts taken under or by virtue of the faid Ad, made in the Thirtieth Year aforefaid, by any Officer or Officers of Excife, of the Stock of Briti/b Brandy, redified Briti/b Spirits, raw Briti/b Spirits, Compounds or other Briti/b Spirits, of any Redifier or Kedifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not), all and every fuch Stock and Stocks (hall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight per Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sties9s Hydrometer, in lieu and indead of calling and computing the fame at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the faid lad mentioned Ad; and that all Spirits Forfeiture of made fubjed to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the laid laft men- Spirits when d»f-tioned Ad, for or by reafon of any fuch Stock added to the Quantity ^^theQuan-of Spirits, for which Permits (hall have been granted iince the time of ctny found ina taking the lad preceding Account of fuch Stock, being found to Stock at the time exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of of taking the Excife in fuch Stock, at the time of taxing the lad preceding Ac- pweding Account of fuch Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excife, added to counl* the Quantity fince received or made, as in the faid lad mentioned Ad is mentioned, with the Allowance in the faid lad mentioned Ad in that behalf mentioned, (hall be and remain forfeited for or by reafon of fuch Stock being found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excife in fuch Stock at the time of taking the lad preceding Account of fuch Stock, cading or computing the fame in manner direded by this Ad ; and that all Briti/b Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty three per Centum above Proof, denoted by the fame Hydrometer called Sikes9s Hydrometer, (hall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine, within the Meaning of the faid Ad made in the Twenty i8G. 3. c.46. fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy: Provided always, Proyifo,ibat that if the Strength ol any Spirits manufadured and imported from ^’lrits that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great	*	X

Britain called England as aforefaid (hall tipon Trial, by any Officer England, (hall or Officers of Excife in England, by the find Hydrometer, called not be forfeited

Y y 4	Sites9s

c. ho.

56* GEO. III.

Aim

*6 G.35- 73-5 16, 47- 3*-»8 G. 3. c. 46-*4*-

30 G.3. c.37‘ $3*

54G.3-c.30*

§*•

aG, 3. c. 5-1*4-

46 G. 3. c. 73. 33 G. 3. c.6i. * 16.

Forfeitures u»-der 33 G.3. c.6z. together with Cjfks, Sic. and all Spirits made fubjedt to

A£t; and that all Spirits made fubjed to Forfeiture unde ct virtue of the faid lad mentioned A&s, or any or either of tbea, or by reafon of their being of a higher Degree of Strength tha aforefaid, (hall, together with the Cafks and Package! cooniwj fame, be and remain forfeited, for and by reafon of the (aid Sp being of a higher Degree of Strength than the £aid Strength ^f) Per Centum above Proof; and that in all fucb Trial* as afore!*, ■Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted bruei Hydrometer, called Sikes’s Hydrometer, fhall be fabftituKlkl Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, memioffdftl faid A St made in the Twenty fixth Year of Hi* faid prr tat Mad Reign ; or in another A&, made in the Twenty eighth Y<r of faid Majefty’s Reign, among other things, for better i\gulat a* Exportation of Britijb made Spirits from England to SculuJ from Scotland to England; or of another Ad, made io the T tieth Year of His faid prefent Majefty's Reign, among other :*i to continue Two A&s made in the Twenty eighth and Tv-uni Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty therein m rfHrd; of another A& made in the Fifty fecond Year of Hi* Majefty’s Reign, among other things, for regulating the HVthj ing of Spirits diftilled from Corn in Ireland for Export/^ ii out Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable therwe; other Ad or A&s of Parliament relating to Hit MijrMJIfrai of Excife in any Part of the United Kingdom, in forcr isx)eiald| before the palling of this A& ; and that all Spmu Forfeiture under or by virtue of the faid latt imtwve Att, 4 any or either of them, for or by reafon of their Strength than lad aforefaid, (hall, together with the CaR-xwiW ages containing the fame, be and remain forfeited for and by rei of the faid Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength tH faid Eight per Centum above Proof; and that in all fucb Tri; aforefaid, the Strength of Fifteen per Centum under Proof, <M by the faid Hydrometer, called Sikes’ a Hydrometer, Hull r. 3 manner be fubftituted for the Strength of One to Six under meter Proof, mentioned in an A& made in the Second Y«tf| the Reign of His faid Maiefty, among other things, for regulating and encouraging the Exportation of Briiijk made SpifJ and that in all fuch Trials as aforefaid, the Strength of Seir.2 per Centum under Proof, denoted by the faid Hydrometer, aS Sikes’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubiftutfd ^ • Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, mcoii^ the faid A& of the Twenty fixth Year aforefaid; or in another A made in the Thirty third .Year of the Reign aforefaid, things, for regulating the Duties on Didilleries in the id;*'* Diftri&s in Scotland; or in another A& made iu thcTk?4^ Year of the Reign aforefaid, among other things, forrt^1* Duties on Difti&eries in the refpe&ive DiftriSs in Stub*'' *a any other A& or A&s of Parliament relating to His Majtiru^ nue of Excife, in force immediately before the pafljng of this and that all Spirits made fubjeft to Forfeiture under or the faid A& of the Thirty third Year aforefaid, for or by wM their higher Degree of Strength than lad afoitfaid, (ball, with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be sad forfeited, for and by reafon of the laid Spirits big of1 ¥

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

697

C. 141,142.

for the County, Town or- Diftrift in which fucli Land is fituated ; which Oath the faid Juftice is hereby empowered to adrainifter ; and If Value above in cafe the Value fhall appear to exceed One hundred Pounds, that IO°h olher other Lands, of at leaft an equal Value, eftimated and verified in ^be manner aforefaid, (hall be well and legally conveyed to and for the ConvCy fame Ufes as the Lands conveyed by the faid Spiritual Perfons or Corporations Sole, and as the Confideration thereof; and in cafe the Application of Value (hall appear not to amount to One hundred Tounds, but (hall the Money if exceed Twenty Pounds, fuch Value (hall be paid to the Governors that of the Bounty of Queen Anne% for the Augmentation of the Main- “ue* tenance of the Poor Clergy, to be by them ufed and applied for the Benefit of fuch Spiritual Perfon or Corporation Sole, in the fame manner as they are now empowered by Law to ufe and apply other Sums of Money coming into their Hands; and in cafe the Value . fhall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the faid Value (hall be paid in Money to fuch Spiritual Perfon or Corporation Sole, to be by him applied at his own Difcretion.

III.	Provided always, That no Alienation made by virtue of this Time within

Aft (hall be queftioned after the Expiration of Twenty Years from ^hicli Aiiena-thc time of fuch Alienation, on account of any Want of Compliance t,0D*m»y ** with the Forms prescribed by this Aft.	qoeftioned.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all Ground which has been Burial Ground or (hall be confecrated as Burial Ground (hall, after Twenty Years difcharged of ad-from the time of fuch Confecration, be confidered as difcharged from v*rfe

all adverfe Titles, Claims and Demands whatfoever, and as abfolutely Confecrs-

vefted in the Truftee or Truftees, if anv, thereof; and if there tjon thereof

(hould not be any fuch Truftee or Truftees, then in the Vicar or

Perpetual Curate, if any, for the time being; aad if there (hould not

be any Vicar or Perpetual Curate, then in the Reftor forfjie time

being of each Pari(h in which fuch Burial Ground is or (hall be

(ituate.

CAP. CXLII.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a certain Sum out of the ConfolidatedFundof Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One ihoufand eight hundred and (ixteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seflion of Parliament.

[2d July 1816.3 o o Surplus out of Consolidated*)

Fund . -o o Part of Monies in the Exchequer to complete Aids for 1815.	-	*

o o Surplus ofthe Grants fori815.

3	6 Being 44 Part* of 679,90c/.

anfen from Sale of Old Naval and Viftualling Stores 43,247	3	lli	Iflued	prior to 5th January

1810. and remaining as Out Cafii in the Cheft of the Four Tellcrsof the Exchequer

fi-

ll.

hi.

IV.

se.$&oo*>oo

18,694,100

5.663*755

599,9*6

696

C.140, 141.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.UH

for Importation into England, unleft they exceed Eight per Centum above Proof.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

AO may be altered. &c.

Continuance of AO.

Sikes’8 Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Eight) Centum above Proof, and fuch Excels (hall not exceed Three ] Centum over and above the faid Strength of Eight per Ceut\ above Proof, then and in fuch cafe the faid Spirits (hall not be fj feited, but (hall be charged with a further Duty, proportioned their (aid Surplus Strength.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and F< feitures impofed by this Ad (hall be fued for, recovered, levied mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Paaky< Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by a Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint Information, in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Wt

-minfter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeditrfr, a that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture flail to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad, or any of tbeJVa vifions thereof, may be varied, altered or repealed by any Ad o Ads to be made in this Seilion of Parliament.

VII.	Provided always, That this Ad (hall have Contmtnoce ucc the Firft Day of Augujl which will be in the Year One thoofiodrigi hundred and eighteen, and no longer.

CAP. CXLI.

Bodies Corporate may fell Portions of Land adjoining Cemeteries for enlarging thereof :

With certain Coofents.

VJue of the Land to he af-ceruined.

An Ad for enabling Ecclefiaftical Corporate Sofa, under certain Circumftances, to alienate Lands for entail Cemeteries or Churchyards.	[2d	Jdj	1&16.I

*	XT 7 HERE AS Cemeteries, Churchyards or Burying Grooadi

*	W are in various Places found to be too fmall, and the ha

*	cannot be conveniently enlarged, without appropriating for Cos ‘ fecration fome Part of the Lands belonging to Corpondocs or! ‘ Spiritual Perfons, not authorized by Law to alienate fuch Lzsdfaf 1 any Purpofe whatfoever Be it enaded by The King’s M0&L1 cellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lori Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent PsrKane affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and the the paffing of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful for any Spiritual c Ecclefiaftical Body Corporate or Spiritual Perfon, being 1 Co poration Sole, pofTeffing any Land adjacent to any Cemetery, Chord* yard or Burying Ground, to fell, by Indenture of Bargain and Salq inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Mooths, for the Purpofe of Confecration, fuch Portion thereof as may be deemed neceffary for enlarging any fuch Cemetery, Churchyard x Burying Ground, not exceeding One Acre.

II. Provided always. That m cafe of any Spiritual Perfon, bmt a Corporation Sole, the Confent of the Lord Bifhop of the Dock or Ordinary, and of the Patron of the Living held by fuch ration Sole, (hall be teftified by their being Parties to the Aheaooa of the faid Land; and that previoufiy thereto the Value of fuchLwi (ball be ascertained, and, together witn a Description thereof, be coo* mitted to Writing by fome competent Perfon, to be named and ip* pointed by the Ordinary ; which Perfon fo appointed (hall verify ti? fame on Oath, before fome One of His Majefty’a Jufbces of the Pop

A.IX1816.

C. 139.

689

56° GEO. III.

fuch Apprentice (hall be fo bound or afligned, ft all be fubje& to the fame Rules and Regulations as the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Apprentice fhall be originally bound ; and in cafe any fuch Mailer or Mailers, Mi ft refs or Miftreffes, fhall remove as aforefaid, and fhall take any fuch Apprentice to any other Place, without fuch Order as aforefaid, or fhall wilfully abandon and leave any fuch Apprentice, without riving fuch Notice as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every fuch Apprentice, to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place, wherein, at the time of fuch Removal or Takiug, the Apprentice fhall have been legally fettled, for the Ufe of the Poor of the fame Parifh, Townfhip or Place ; provided an Information fhall be exhibited for fuch Offence within Three Calendar Months next after the CommifTion of the fame.

* IX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that thofe to whom

*	Parifh Apprentices are bound or afligned fhould be empowered to

*	place out or affign over fuch Apprentice to others, ana it is pro-‘ per that fuch placing out or Affignments fhould in all In (lances

*	be under tfye Infoe&ion and Controul of the Magiftrates ; and it is

*	fit that the Perfon to whom fuch putting out or Affignment fhall

*	be made, and alfo the Apprentice, mail be made fubjedl to the ordi-

*	nary Jurifdidlion of Juflices of the Peace, with refpe& to Madera ‘ and Parifh Apprentices ; and it is inexpedient that any Mailer or

*	Miftrefs fhould in any way difcharge or difmifs from his or her Ser-4 vice, any Parifh Apprentice without the Confent of fuch Juflices Be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the Firft Day of OGLobtr in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, it fhall not be lawful for any Mailer or Miflrefs to put away or transfer any Parifh Apprentice to any other, or in any way to difcharge or difmifs from his or her Service any Parifh Apprentice without fugli Confent of Juflices, as is-dire&ed in an A& pafTed in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled An AS for the further Regulation of Parifh Apprentices; and that no Settlement fhall be gained by any Service of fuch Apprentice, after fuch putting away or Transfer, unlefs fuch Service fhall have been performed under the Sanction of fuch Confent as aforefaid.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon or Perfons, who, after the Firft Day of October in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, fnall put away or transfer any Parifh Apprentice to another, or who fhall in any way difcharge or difmifs from his or her Service any Parifh Apprentice without fuch Confent a3 aforefaid, fhall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Apprentice fo transferred.

c XI. And Whereas the falutary Provifions ena6led by an A£l 4 pafTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her Majefly 4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An A8 for the Relief of the Poor9 4 are frequently evaded in the binding out of Poor Children, and 4 the Premium of Apprenticefhip, or a Part thereof, is clandeftinely 4 provided by Parifh Officers, who are thus enabled to bind out 4 luch Poor Children without the San&ion of Juflices of Peace Be' it further ena&ed, That after the faid Firft Day of Ofiober, no Indenture of Apprepticefhip by reafon of which any Expencc whatever fhall at any time be incurred by the Public Parochial Funds, fhall be valid and effe&ual> unlefs approved of by Two Juflices of the 56 Geo. III.	Y	y	Peace,

Mailers, kc* removing and taking Apprentices without Order.

Penalty.

Provifions of 3xG.$.q.S7-enforced with re-fpe& to aligning or difebarging Apprentices.

32 G. 3. c.57.

Difcharging Apprentices without Confent of Juftices.

Penalty.

43 El. c.

Indentures not

valid unlefc approved by Two Juftices.

688

C. 142.

56° GEO. Ill

AJXlil

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

Provided that whenever the Payment of the whole or any Part of the faid Sum of 43,247/. 3/. n|^. remaining afi Out C^h in the Cbeft of the Four Tellers as afore-faid, (hall be demanded at the Exchequer, the Trea-fury (hall Difchargc the fame.

£. 13**05	5	3i	Remaining	in	the Exchequer

on the 5th January 1816.

*	for	Payment	of certain An-

nuities for Terms of Yean which expired Anms 1792.

1805. 1806 and 1807.

Provided that whenever Payment of the whole or any Part of the faid Sum of 13,205/. 51. $J,d. remaining for Payment of certain Annuities for Terms of Years as aforefaid, (ball be demanded at the Exchequer, the Officers of the Receipt to Difchargethe fame.

69326 o 9! Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th July 1815. and charged upon the Confoli-dated Fund for Services which cannot now be claimed -

72,973 15 3 Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th January 1816. on the Funds for Payment of Annuities on Lives granted Annu 1745.174^#

1757* 2778 and 1779. on which the Lives have expired (ince the 5th Janu-ary 1802.

6,545	5	4	Being	the Amount of Money

paid by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces, purfuant to 37 G. 3. c. 4.	-

Anting by 56 G. 3. c. 17.

Ariling from the Sale of) For

3,500,000

79>988

o

<6

Granted to sak good the SapfJ for Grut Sritn for

Service

Old Naval and Vi&uaUing I

Store.	.	SajXXW

>.l 816.

56° GEO. III.

C. 142.

<599

IV. Monies nufed by Exchequer BiUs by 56 G. 3. *,3. not ex-") ceedipg 3,000,000/. w*

<£•11,000,000

6,000,000

o

o

$,000,000 o o

By Exchequer BiHa 56 G* 3. c. 4.

Advanced by the Bank under 56 G. 3. c. 14. fo much of the Monica coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Lotteries granted by 56 G- *. c.61. aa (hall remain after paying One Third Part of the Profits that (hall arife from fuch Lotteries, for the Service of Ireland	...

Advanced by the Bank under 56 G.3. c. 96.

Money arifmg from unclaimed Dividends under 56 G.3. c. 97.

13,000,000

599,916

43»a47

11.205

6,326

7**973

6,545

13,694,100

3,500,000

o By Exchequer Bills under 56 G. 3 6	(granted above, § IV.)

114 (granted above, fV.)

34 (granted above,

(granted above,

(granted above,

(granted above,

(granted above,

Arifing by 56

*-54

91

3

4

o

X

1

an

H

>4

c

XV.

$ VII.) -* IX.)

*X.)

#xi.)

*11)

G.3.	17.	being	the

Surplus of the Grants for 181 granted out of the Monies that (hall arife of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund -5,663,755 O o Surplus of the Grants for 1815.

3,000,000 o o ........ ■	of the Confolidated Fund of Great

Britain	-

Money coining into the Irijb Exchequer in Ireland from Trea-‘ fury Bills uuder 56 G. 3. c. 42,

From Treafury Bills under 56 G. 3.1.41.

From Lotteries -	-	  c.	61.

From Treafury Bills -	----.— c. 47.

Arifen from the Sale of Old Naval and

79,988 16		6
tvi. 10,114,345	11	7
7<5i»475	O	0
1,077,862	IO	0
922,350	O	0
250,150	O	0
59*7*3	l6	7
82,619 18		6
43,864 1?		6
49*»95	3	4
*7*533	2	2
33*061	7	0
35*45°	2	10
*5*453	c	6
60,728	5	0

Vi&ualling Stores

Men,

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service,

For Salaries and Contin-' gencies of the Admiralty For the Navy Office For the Navy Pay Office For the Victualling Office For Deptford Yard For Woolwich Yard For Chatham Yard *

For Sheer neft Yard For Portfmiuti Yard, &c#

O

o

|

cu

<

	r '  1 15 6
Atf*r	■ 10 3
> Man/wr.	’
Month,	230
.	O  O

si

2 fru-

if 5

lit

d.

1

£

700

C. 142.

56" GEO. III.

A.D.IS1S.

S&47.496 9 1 6.791 3 5 57>462 18 7 54*4*3 7 6 141,121 o 3

3,467 10 o 132,960 7 6

113,149 o o

535,589 o o

1,173,841 7 6

7*>707 3 4

2,102,563 o &

479,156 o o

6!,303 15 3

1,611,041	2	4

69,820 o o 112,904 6 7 3,080 15 io

For Plymouth Yard For the Out Ports For the Foreign Yards For Vi&ualling Yards For Officers and Men of Veffeh in Ordinary -For Bounty to Chaplains For Vi&uals for Officers and Men of Vefiels in Ordinary For Expence of Harbour, Mooring and Rigging For the Ordinary Repairs of Ships, Docks and Buildings in the feveral Yards and Offices For Half Pay, Superannuation Allowances ,and Pen-fion8 to Officers of His Majefty’s Navy and Royal Marines, their Widows and Relatives -For Superannuation Allowances to Commiffioners, ► Secretaries, Clerks and others, in the Civil Department of the Admiralty, and of Allowances in lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly in Civil Departments For the Building, Rebuilding and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majefty’s and the Merchants’ Yards, and other extra Works over and above what are propofed to be done, upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary -For the Purchafe of Provi-fions for Foreign Stations and Rations of Troops, to be embarked on board of Ships of War and Tranf-ports -	-

For Salaries and Contingent Expen ces of the Tran (port Office and for Sick and Wounded For the Tranfport Office -For Prifoners of War -	-

For Sick andWounded Seamen For Superannuations in the Tranfport Service - --

For the Yor tSi6>

3.1816.

66° GEO. lit.	C.	142.	701

VII.

'III.

#£.6o,ooo o o 12,044,333 18	8

385,276 9 6

333*693 11 6

514,288 7 4

142,872	1	2

718,188 9 8 M39*707 10 4

462,760 o o 119,856 18 6 20,835 5 5

550,000 o o 182,727 I 2

114,302 6 7 460,890 7 7

For Preparation* for the Marriage of the Princefs Charlotte Augufta•

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to fay,

From

For Houfehold Troops - .«[ 25th Dec. 1815. to

24th Dec. 1816*

For the Regiments of Dra-1 goon Guards and Dragoons, and the Royal Waggon Train, propofed to be ‘ ftationed in Great Britain

For the Corps of Infantry of the Line propofed to be employed in Great Britain, and in the Iflands in the Channel For the Regiments of Cavalry propofed to be ftationed in Ireland For the Corps of Infantry of the Line, propofed to be ftationed in Ireland -For the Corps of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, propofed to be employed on Stations Abroad, £ excepting the Corps ftationed in France, and in the Territorial Pofleflions of the Eqft India Company)

For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments on the Bri-tijh Eftablifhment For Miscellaneous Charges for Regiments of the Line to be ftationed in Ireland For Five Troops of Dra-* goons and Twelve Companies of Foot ftationed in Great Britain9 for the Pur-pofeof recruitingthe Corps employed in theTerritorial

• For the Year 1816.

Pofleflions of the Eajl India Company For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom For General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments -For the Pay of Supernumerary Officers -For Half Pay to reduced Officers of the Briti/l Amt-

C.H2.

56° GEO. Ill



£*t9fill 15 4

910,316 6 7

93>899 5 8 370,669 18 5 17,550 19 11

* fy*4*4 ° 3

189,406 tO ft

178,857 tfo 35,000 6 O 106,063 ff 4 39*9<H <4 7

17*964 # 9

ricMTi Forces and Scotch' Brigade -For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of the

Briti/b American Forces -For In and Out Penfioners of Chdfea and Kilmainham Hofpitals For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom For Allowances to retired Chaplains, and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including the Expences of the Office of Chaplain General and Contingencies For Allowances on the Com-paffibnate Lift to Children of deceafed Officers of the Land Forces and to Widows of Officers of the faid Forces not entitled to the Penfion, including Allowances as of His Majefty’s Royal Bounty to ieveral Officers and to Relatives of deceafed Officers - -For Commiflariat Department in Ireland For Barrack Department in Itelafid ... Fc¥ Pay' to Briti/b Officers in the Portvguefe Army -For recruiting on the Briti/b Eftablifhment - -fdf recruiting the Forces in ittldfid

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Civil Officers, in feveral public Departments id the United Kingdom, in refpeft of their having hdd any public Offices' or Employments' of a Civil nature -	-

From 25th Dec. 1815. fc 24th Dec. iBif.

.1816.

56pGEO.HI.

C. 146.

703

1,234,596 13 6 277,885 10 r

183,062 4 3

110,113 8 2 90,000 o o 53*OI3 4 7

127,863	2	o

44,800 o o 405,240 9 10

178,626 o ©

150.000	o o

100.000	© o

1,500,000 o o

9&9>**o 7 r© fy&S 9 fe

For the Land Force* ftatioued in France -For General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hofpitals ferving with Forces, and the Charge of Garrifons For Allowances to the Principal Officers of feveral publie Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom -For the Local Militia in Gnat Britain For Medicine* and Surgical Materials, for the Land Forces and other Hofpital Contingencies For Exchequer Fees in Great" Britain, and of Poundage Pells and Hofpital Fees in Irelandupon I flues to be made for Army Services -For Storekeeper General’s Department For the Commiffaryin Chief’s ■ Department, exclufivc of any Porchafes of Specie -For Barrack Department in i Great Britain For the Difembodied Militia ] ► of Great Britain, including the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Corn-mall, for various Periods in i8x6w -

For the Year 1816.

For the Difembodied Militia of Ireland for various Periods in 1816.

For Extraordinaries of the Army during the prefent Year -For Ordnance for Land Service -	-j

For Expence of Services of Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not pro-, Tided for in 1814*

Feif Expence of Services of Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for in 1815.

16,851 »3 4

AJXUI&

C. 142.

56° GEO. HI.

*£.158,240 13 o

31.474 H 9

► For the Year iSik

200,000 o o

For Charge of Office of'

Ordnance for Gnat Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers feconded and to Officers for good Services, to Superannuated and Dif-abled Men, alfo for Pen-fions to Widows and Children of Deceafed Officers, late belonging to the feveral Ordnance Military Corps For Allowances, Compen-fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in refpe£t of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil nature, and alfo the Charge of Widows’ Penfions For Expences of Redu&ion in the Office of Ordnance Land Service in Great Britain

186,003 9 O For Ordnance Military Corps employed with the Army of Occupation in Franee -For Ordnance in Ireland For Ordnance for Ireland not provided for it tSiy For Charge of Office of"

Ordnance in Ireland on account of Pay of Retired Officers of the late Irijb Artillery and Engineers, and of Penfions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the fame

For Allowances, Compen-. fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Oranance in Ireland» in refpeft of their having held any Public Office or Employment of a Civil nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows’ Penfions

19W37 7 3 19.384 1* 3 11,976 9 7

*.993 15 °

For the Year iSrf-

X181*.

56° GEO. III.

C. 142.

705

X. 11,024,100 o o For difchareing Outftanding Exchequer Bills

under 55 (f. 3. r. 4.

Ditto, ------  r.	148.

Ditto, —— c. 149,

XI.	4,500,000	o	o

CII.	1,500,000	o	o

[II. 18,694,100 o o IV.	6,000,000	o	o

XV. Civil Eftabfifhments 3,301	10	o

1,023	o	o

600	o	o

10,865	°*	0

13^40	o	o

6,196	10	o

2,194	o	o

3,826	o	o

5485	o	o

12423	10	o

15,660	o	o

/I.	3,000,000	O	O

260^00 o o

39,185 17 * 33,819 17 t 174,681	2	6

43,151	3	O

787,400 o O

19,685 o o

Ditto, charged upon Aids of 1815.

Ditto, under 55 G,3. c. 196.

; viz,

Bahama IJlands.

Bermudas or Somers IJlands,

Dominica•

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia•

JVipw Brvnfwick.

Cape Breton,

St, John now Prince Edward JJland. Newfoundland,

New South Wales•

Leone,

For discharging Intereffc ort"

Exchequer Bills -	-

Being tJt5 part of 26,000,000 of Exchequer Bills charged lift Seffion upon Aids granted by prefent Seffion, by Quarterly Payments, to be placed to Acconnt pf Co'mmiffioners of National Debt

Fo^fUtaryAfylum a-lFro? *s& D“;

For the Royal Military College -	-

For difcharging on 5th April 1816. certain Annuities under 37 G, 3* r. 9. and 42 G. 3. c, 8*

For discharging on 10th OSober 1816. certain Annuities under the Said A&s.

For discharging on 5th April 1816. certain Debentures

Fbr the Year ending ift Feb, 1817.

1815. 'to 24th Dec, 1816.

under 3* cc.41. 53.

reft on

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For Half Year's Intere;

' the Monies railed by the faid Debentures -500,000 o O For Deficiency or Lofs from Recoinage of Silver, and Charges and Expences of melting, &c. 94549I 13 4 To the Eqfl India Company! To be paid without • for Expences incurred by • Fee or other De-them in the Public Service du&ion.

75,217 o 6 For confining, maintaining and employing Convida at

*0,000 o o For^probable Amount of ^Forthe Year 1816 Bilb drawn or to be drawn from New South Wales -.

56 Gbo* III.	Z	z

706

C. 1*2.

66° GEO. III.

A.D.D1S

&42,000 o o 40,000 o o

3S*ooo • o

6 o 131830 o o

10*000 o o 4*000 0 o 6$o o o

1,850 o o 266 13 4

299 o o

15.000	o o 3»ooo o o

2,955 4 o 6*071 19 8

5,128 10 6

16.000	o o

2,540 o o 891 3 XI

2>590 o o

For building a Penitentiary Houfe at Millhank

Tor the Year ill to be paid with Fee or other D du&ion.

To be paid nth Feeorotkrft data.



For Clergy* and Laity of'

France» Tanlmefe and Or-Jican Emigrants, Saint Do* mingo Sufferer* and Dutch Naval Officer*, and Clergy and Laity of France wno have not been enabled to return to their own Country For Purchafe of th$ Elgin Marbles	-	-

For Superintendence of Alim*

For Building and Repairs at the without Fee, Ac.

For Law Charges.

For Profecutions* Ac. relating to the Cos. For Superannuation Allow-' ances to Retired Officers of the Mint For the like to retired Clerks and other Officers of the Commiffionerfi for auditing the Public Accounts For the like to Jofeph Plant a Efq. formerly One of the Pajmafteri of Exchequer

For the like to retired Officers of the Lottery Office For American Loyalifts For the National Vaccine

Eftabliftunent

For Repairs of King Henry Vllth's Chapel -	u

For Supplemental Charge for Printinff ports and other Papers by Order® of Commons for Seffion of l8i£

For Deficiency of Grant of laft Bills* Reports and other Papers by One* Houfe of Commons in Seffion 1815-	.

For Printing Bills, Reports and other ftp. Order of the Houle of Comnw* prelent Seffion.	^

For Printing Votes of the Houfe ® during the prefient Seffion.	Pr^

For Deficiency of Grant of i8ip " ^ 1*750 Copies of VoL 68. of Jo®81* Houfe of Commons.	.	,	v	j	k

For Printing hr 1816. 1,750 (ty#1 ■	5

of J4urnnfs of the Houle of Coffin®*1*®* the Seffion of 1813-14.

To bepsad^hflU Fee or other De-dttdxa*

1816.

660 GEO. III.

C.142.

707

*•6*0oo o o For Reprinting Journals and Reports of the Houfe of Commons in 1816.

19)000 o o For Printing Ads of Parliament for the Two Houfes of Parliament) for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magiftrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the ading Juftices throughout Great Britain; alfo for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the Houfe of Lords for 1816.

3)015 18 4} For Deficiency of Grant in la ft Seffion for Printing A As of Parliament for the Two Houfes of Parliament, and Sheriffs, &c., as above, and for Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the Houfe of Lords.

3,206 12 10} For Deficiency of Grant for 1815. for Reprinting Journals and Reports of the Houfe bf Commons.

185.000	o o To replace to Civil Lift Sums become chargeable

thereon, or iflued thereout fince 5th January 1816. in refped of thofe Services which, m purfuance of the Meafures now before Parliament in regard to the Civil Lift, are hereafter to be otnerwife provided for.

300.000	O o For fuch Expences of a Civil nature as do not

form a Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

116,450 o o To theOfficers, Petty Officers,"

Seamen andMarines, ferving under the Command of Admiral Lord Keith, while Commander in Chief on the Coafts of Spain and France, for Captures taken from the Enemy and appropriated to the public Service

150.000	o o TotbeOfficers, Petty Officers,

Seamen and Marines, under the Command of Captain Jlobert Campbell at the Capture of Naples, 13 th May 1815. for Ships and Stores then taken from the Enemy and reftpred to the Neapolitan Government

100.000	o o To the Governors of Queen

Anhf* Bounty

101*53- *9 6 To the Traftees of the Britifb Mufeum to carry on the Trofts repofed in them by Parliament.

800 o o For removing thfe Elgin Marbles to the Britifb Mufeum.

1*700 o o For eroding a temporary Building at the Britifb Mufeum tor the Reception of the Elgin Marbles. Z z 2

To be paid without Fee or other De-du&ion.

70»	C.	142.

*£•50,000 o O

20.000	O O

75.000	o o

7>5oo o q 5*000 o o

2,583 0 o

23.000	o o 3>764 J o

10.000	o o

16,490 o o 8,424 15 o

3.000	o o

10,000 o o

3.000	o o 300,000 o o

5.000	o o 2,181 P o

XXVII- Irijh Currency, 1,250 o o

XXVIII. 24,783 14 5

56» GEO. III.

A.D.IS16.

For Foreign and other Secret Services for 1816. For making Roads and building Bridges in th Highlands of Scotland.

For making an Inland Navigation from the Enfim to the Weftem Sea by Inveme/i and Fort Wi&jm for 1816.

For the Eftablifhment of the Penitentiary Hodc, from 24th June 1816. to 24th June 1817. Towards budding a Penitentiary Houle at MVSesh and for providing Furniture for the Apaitsesti of the Officers for 1816.

For completing the Embanking the River Them:, in front of the Penitentiary rloufe at Milii&i for 1816.

For maintaining and repairing the Britijb Forts oe the Coaft of Africa tor 1816.

For Works at the King's"

Bench Prifon For repairing the Roads between London and Holyhead by Chefter and London, and Bangor Ferry by Shrewsbury, for 1816.

For carrying on in 1816. the Improvements at Holyhead Harbour Towards Ere&ion of an Afy-lum for Criminal Lunatics, and for the Maintenance and Government of fuch Lunatics ...

To Mr. Aaron Graham for the various Services he performed beyond thofe of In-fpe&or of Convift Hulks For Works carrying on at the College at Edinburgh in 1816.	-

For the Board of Agriculture for 1816.	-

To the Portuguese Government, in purfi Convention figned at Vienna lift January 1S15 For Improvements at Wcjl-} minder -	-

For Repairs and Alterations at the Royal Military Afy-lum at Chelfea - - -fin Ireland.]

For feveral Public Officer? lor their extraortey Trouble in 1816.

For Printing, Stationery and' other DMburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Depart-

To be pad vidas Fee or etkr Deduction.

of 1

Paid, Ac. wtke Fee, Ac.

[>• 181A

56° GEO. III.

C.H2.

*f09

XXIX.

ments, and other public Offices in Dublin Cattle,

&c. and for Riding Charges For One Year end-and other Expences of ' ing 5th Jan. 1817. the Deputy Purfuivants1 and extra Meffengers attending the faid Officers, alfo Superannuated Allowances in the faid Chief Secretary’s Office 3,726 5 o For Printing 1,190 Copies of a compreffed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom, for the Ufe of the Magiftrates of Ireland, and alfo 250 Copies of a Folio Edition thereof bound, for the Ufe of the Lords, Biffiops and public Officers.

Forpublifhing Proclamations,' and other Matters of a public Nature, in the Dub-tin Gazette and other

Fw'cnmnS Profecutions* I iagSthJ«»- l8l7-and other Law Expences For apprehending public Offenders -	-

For completing the Sum neceffary for the Support of the Non Conforming Minifters.

For the Seceding Minifter. C ^ °ne Year end-from the Synod of Ulfter 1 2*th March

10,500 o o

25.000	o o 2,500 o o 9,297 o o

3,951 o o

£,112 o o 1,047 10 2

1,086 o o 740 o o

31,117 10 o

40.000	o o

46.000	o o

6,000 o o 300 o o

10.000	o o

21,600 o o

For One Year end-

1 *817.

For Salaries of Lottery Of-1 For One Year end-fices -	- -j ing 24th June 1816.

For Pratique of the Port ofl For the Year ending Dublin	-3 25th Dec. 1816.

f For Three Years

For clothing Heralds, &c.	)	from 17th March

t 1816.

For clothing the Battle-Axe 1 For 18 Months, Guards -	-	-j	from ift June 1816.

For the Board of Works - For 1816.

For CM Coming™*.

For Works for Howth Har-1 „	0

hour -	-	.]	For 1816.

For conftru&ing Fountains in the Liberties of Dublin^ and for fupplying the Poor with Water.

For additional Allowance to Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation.

For building Churches and1 Glebe Houfes and purchaf-ing Glebes ...

For the Truftees of the Linen and Hempen Manu-fa&ures, to be by them ap-Z 2 3.

710

C. 142.

56* GEO. IIL

A.D.U1S.

£.19,000 o

53»”° S 50,000 o

504 o

769 o

1,500 o XXX. 41,539 o 3*>725 o 41,210 o

28,281 o 8,932 o

3>°94 0 3*37 0

9,010 o 3*11 o 777 6

For One Yard

ingjth/n. 1817

plied as (hall appear to them to be moll conducive to promote the faid Manufactures -For making wide and convenient Streets in DMnt 14,336/. 12/. 2d. Part of the (aid 19,000/. to be applied in Payment of Balance of Awards remaining unpaid, for Premifes on the North Side of Lowr Abbey Street, between Sack-ville Street and Beruford Place •	- -j	,	.

For completing the Royal Canal from Cmty to TormunburVf under Dircdiw of Daw® General of Inland Navigation. . , For building, repairing and enlarging of Qa» and Chapels, the building of GW* Hoafa procuring Glebes as Truftees (hall think fe. For Hofpital of Incurables') For One Yores* at Dublin -	-1	ingftli/a-W;

For the Annual Expenditure of the Idbf Academy for 1816., and repairing the of the faid Academy.

7 f For the Y« ^ For the Belfajl Academical!

Inflitution	-	-I

For the Proteftant Charter Schools -For the Foundling Hofpital,

Dublin

For Houfe of Induftry, Hof-pitals and Afylums for induftrious Children in Dublin

For the Richmond Lunatic Afylum -For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ Children in Dublin -	-

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan Houfe in the Circular Road near Dublin -	•

For the Weflmorland Lock Hofpital in Dublin - •

For the Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin

For completing the Works of the Commiffionera for building Sir Patrick Dun’a Hofpital at Dublin -	-

mescog^* 1816.

>.1816;

56? GEO. III.

0.14*2.

711

{XXI-

XXII.

MIL

CXIV.

XXV.

j£. 1,590 o o For probable Expenditure of Dr. Stevens's Hofpital -

5.000	o o For Houfe of Recovery and

Fever Hofpital in Cork Streetf Dublin, calculated to meet the Expence for maintaining and relieving 4,000 Patients, for 1816. 9,673 o o For Roman Catholic Seminary ■

6.000	o o For enabling Society for pro-

moting the Education of the Poor of Ireland to provide and diftribute proper Books at reduced Prices, and to introduce an improved Method of I nftruction in the different Parts of Ireland

8,410 o o For Affociation incorporated for difcountenancingVice, and promoting the knowledge and Pra&ice of the Chriftian Religion 500 o o For the Commiffioners of charitable Donations and Bequefts ... 113 00 For the Green Coat Hofpital of Cork -10,000 o o For the probable Expences of the Dublin Society -	-

4,918 o o For the probable Expences of the Farming Society -2,500 o o For the Cork Inttitution Supplies to be applied for the Purpofes aforefaid' Rules for Application of Half Pay Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles

-....... - Chaplains of Regiments, although in

poffeifion of Ecclefiaftical Benefices -Application of Overplus of Sum under 55 G. 3. c, 187.	-	...

For One Year end-ing 5th Jan. 1817.

ASU155G.3. r.187. # 3'—35*

Zz 4

712

C.i—iv.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.IIU.

5 G. 3. c. Un. 31 G. 3. C.CJU.

340*3. c.cxitu

12 G. 3. c. 26. 34 G. 3.c.cixvij.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. —The Continuance of fucb of the following A&s u trtjty rary will be known (where it is not exprtfiljpd] J referring to the following Lift, according to tkcnmjfm ing Letter at the End of the Title.

(a)	For 21 Tearsy fcfr. [i. e. to the End of the next tdn

from a Day named in the A3.

(b)	For 21 Tears, ttc.from the faffing of the A8.

(f} For 21 Tears, &c. after the End of the Tern udtrjtnn A3s.

The following are all Public Acts ; to each of wind it cm a Claufe in the Form following :

" And be it further enaded, That this Ad Mkted “ and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be jufatyafo “ Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and otkn, eiki ** being fpecially pleaded.”

Cap. i.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of TwoA&ofHj prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Chafdontkhsh m the County of Oxford> to Bourton on the Hilh «the Canty u Gloucefter.	[2 zd Merck 1816.

Caf. u.	^

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of in Ad of B prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Saint Math ford Baron to Kettering9 and from Oundle to MiddIetnU\ in the County of Northampton.	.	[aid	Merck 181S.’

£Former Tolls to ceafe, and new Tolls granted,]

Caf. iii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adirfft prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the Road fraeur-ter's Bridge^ in the Parifh of Chatteris, within the IJk of ft ,a the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, inueW of Ramfey9 in the County of Huntingdon. [aid March llik]

Cap. iv.

An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty firft Year of His prd^ Majefty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between

Cott^l

56° GEO. III.

C. xiv.—xx.

725

Cap. xiv*

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Preft on Can-dover to Bqftng»toke9 and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton•	[nth April 1816.3

[Former Tollt to ceafe, and new Tolls granted.']

Cap. XV.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Nantwieh, to Wheelock Wharfs in the Town(hip of Samdkach, in the County Palatine of Chefter. [11th April 1816.3 [Additional Tollt on Sunday.]

Cap. xvi.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the High Street in the Town of Stouroridge, in the County of Wor» teller, to the Boundary Stone between the Pariih of Worfield and tne Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop.	[nth	April 1816.3

Cap. xviL

An Aft for more effeftually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport9 in the Countv of Chefter* to the End of Guide Lane% in the County of Laneafter, and other Roads therein mentioned in the faid Counties, and in the County of Fork / and for making a new Road from the laid Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Mer/ey at jPortwood, near the Town of Stockportv (4)

[11th April 1816*] [One Toll and One half Toll on Sundays9 except for Milk.]

Cap. xviiw

An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hill, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Bafingstone, near the Town of Bagjhot, in the Pariih of Windltjham% m the fame County, (a)	[11th	April 1816.]

[Theft Fear A fit are previeafty repeated tty

Cap. xix.

An Aft for erefting a new Gaol and Court Houfe in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr.	[30th	April 1816.3

Cap. xx.

An Aft for the Incorporation of The Highland Society of London $ for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for rendering its Exertions more extenfive and beneficial to the Public.

[aid May 1816.3

*	TT7HEREAS in the Year One thoufand feven hundred aad

*	VV feventy eight, many Noblemen and Gentlemen connefted

*	with the Highlands and Illands of Scotland, with the View of

*	efUbli/hing and fup porting Schools in the Highlands, and in the

3 A S	1	Northern

35O.3.

C. CXXXTttt.

44 0.3. gjuuv. repealed.

X O. %. Stat %. c.6.

i% G.a. c. 16.

3 G.3.C47 3 xG. 3. cerate, repealed.

49 G. 3. c.lviii.1

7*6



66* GEO.IIT.

JLD.181*

*	Northern Parts of Great Britain ; for relieving diftrefled High-€ landers at a Diflance from tkeir Native Homes; for prefernig

•	the Antiquities; and lefeuing from Oblivion the valuable Reftnahp

*	of Celtic Literature, and for promoting the Improvement ad

•	general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Britain, fonpri 4 themfelves into a Society, called The Highland Society mf London: 4 And Whereas the faid Society has railed a confiderable Sum of 4 Money by Subscription, and has applied the fame agreeably to the 4 Plan of their Inflitution, and by f^ch Subfcription have acquired 4 Sufficient Funds to carry into EfFe& the.Purpofes aforefaid: Acd 4 Whereas thofe PurpoSes cannot be fully effe&ed, nor the Funds be 4 properly Secured and applied, without the Authority of Parfe-4 ment :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aad Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, a&d

Corporation in- fay the Authority of the fame. That His Royal Highnefs Frederick

Uitutcd for the £>uke Qf jramj Albany, His Royal Highnefs Edward Duke c:

* Kent and Stratheam, His Royal Highnefs Augufius Frederick Dab of Suffex and Earl of Invernefs, Archibald Duke of Hamilton aod jSrandon, Charier William Duke of Buccleugh and Queen&errj, Alexander Duke of Gordon George William Duke of Argyll * Jcba Duke of At holly James Duke of Montrofey George Marqui' cf Twee daley George Marquis of Stafford, John Marquis of Butt, Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis of Douglas aod Clyde/dale; George Lord Gordon commonly called Marquis <* Huntly ; Hugh Earl of Eglintoun, Archibald Earl of CaffUlis, Fraeu 'Earl of Moray, John Earl of Strathmore, Thomas Earl of Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of Dalhoufie, Thomas Earl of Selkirk, William Earl of Northejk, Alexander Earl of Ba/carras, George Earl of Ahoyne, John Earl of Breadcdhane, George Earl of Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Glafgow, Charles Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, James Earl of Fife, Francis Earl of Moira, James Earl of Rofslyn, William Earl Caik-cart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commonly called Cord Archibald Hamilton; the Right Honourable John Dongle: Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Douglas Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick 'Campbell; the Right Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord James Murrey; the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly called Vifcount Deerhurfi; the Right Honourable Thomas Cochrane commonly called Lord Cochrane ; the Right Honourable John Campbell commonly called Vifcount Glenorcby ; James Ochonear Lord Forbes, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, Eric Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord Ktnnaird, Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Lord Macdonald, the Honourable William Maule of Panmure, the Honourable Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond Burred, the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Mafter of the Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbfier, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of Eafi Sheen, Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Stuart, Knight; the Sight Honourably Sir William Drummed of ^ogiealm&d, Knight;

56° GEO. Ilfc





the Right Honourable William Dundau, the Right Honourable Wilr Horn Adam, William Maclcod Bannatynt Efquire, one of the Senators of the College of Juftice; the Honourable Hugh Arbutbnot, the Honourable Warwick Lake, the Honourable William Frqfer» Major General the Honourable Godfrey Bofville9 the Honourable Archibald Macdonald, the Honourable Dudley Macdonald9 Lieutenant General the Honourable Sir John Abercrombie, Knight | Sir James Cockbum of Langton, Baronet) Sir Munroof FouHsf Baronet; Sir	Gordon Sinclair of Stevenfton and Murklef Baronet ; Sir

Neil Menzies of that Ilk9 Baronet; Sir William Cunningham of Capringtonf Baronet; Sir Alexander Grant of Dalvey, Baronet; Sir John Sinclair of Dunheath, Baronet; Sir James Myles Ryddell of Ardnamurchan and Sunart9 Baronet; Sir John Maepherfon of Renys Baronet; Sir John Murray Mac Gregor of Lanrick9 Baronet; Sir Walter Farqubar of Gilmerfcroft9 Baronet $ Sir Alexander Mac* donald Lockhart of Lee and Camwatb, Baronet; Sir WiUiam Frafer of Leadclune9 Baronet; Sir JEneas Mackintojh of that Ilk9 Baronet; Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Hijlop of Totbilli Baronet; Sir Ewen Cameron of Fafsfem9 Baronet; General Sir George Beck* with9 Knight; Major General Sir Alan Cameron of Erracbt* Knight; Major General Sir William Inglis9 Knight; Major General Sir Denis Pack9 Knight; Major General Sir Colquboun Grants Knight; Colonel Sir John Maclean9 Knight; Colonel Sir Neil Campbell of Duntroon% Knight; Colonel Sir Colin Campbells Knight; Sir Alexander Mackenzie of Avoch9 Knight; Sir William Paxtons Knight; the Honourable Sir Thomas Strange of Madras% Knight; Lieutenant Colonel Sir George Elder, Knight; Sir John Downu9 Knight; Andrew Adair Younger of Balhails Efquire ; Major Agnew,' Madras Army ; Grant Allan of Gower Street9 in the County of Middlefex9 Efquire ; Grant Allan the Younger of Gower Streets in the County of Middlefex9 Efquire; Lieutenant Colonel William Charles Alfion9 William Anderfon of Ruffe I Square9 in the County of Middlefexj Efquire; Gcorre Arbutbnot of Madras9 Efquire; Nathaniel Atchefon of Chapel Plaee9 Duke Streets Weft-minfter9 Efquire ; General James Balfour9 James Balfour of Blunian9 Efquire; Captain Balmain9 Madras Army ; JEneas Barkly of Lime Street Square9 in the City of London% Efquire; Thomas Bells Efquire^ one of the Sheriffs of the City of London ; John Hepburn Belfchet of Invermay9 Efquire; John Binny of Madras9 Efquire; John Binny of Madras9 Efquire, Junior; Phineas Bond of Baker Streets in the County of Mtddlefex9 Efquire ; William Douglas Brodie of Madrass Efquire; Alexander Brodie of ArnhaU9 Efquire; Ifaac Hawkins Browne of South Audley Streets in the County of Middlefex* Efquire; Lieutenant General Archibald Browne9 John Brown of John Streets Adelphty in the County of Middlefex9 Efquire ; John Brown of Upper Grovefnor Streets in the County of Middlfcse* Efquire ; Patrick Crauford Bruce of Glenelgs Efquire: P. Bruce of Madrass Efquire; Captain Thomas Buchanans Eqfl India Service ; John Burnett of Countefwells9 Efquire ; Adam Cameron of Surinam* Efquire ; Donald Cameron of Lochiels Efquire ; Lieutenant Colonel Duncan John Comeron9 Tunbridge; Lieutenant John Camerons Madras Army ; Captain John Cameron9 Eqft India Service ; Peter Cameton Younger of Fafsfern9 Efquire; Major General William Neville Camerons General Alexander Campbell of Minnies Alenr

3' A 4	a	nder

C.xi.

56* GEO. III.

Aid

ing required to carry Queftiou replied.

Future General and Special General Aflemblies.

Provifion re-foeding Proxies for move than Five Shares repealed.

Proxies may be given for Five Votes.

Committee' cle&ed in the Room of thoTe going out of Office by Rotation to be in Office Three Yean.

A&s of Directors defied by Committee valid.

*	any Rated General Affembly s And Whereas the Cud Prods c have been found inconvenient ;* Be it therefore ended, Thai faid Provifiona (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paS of this Aft, any General or Special General Affembly of the C Company which (hall have been convened in manner direfted by t faid firft recited Aft, (hall be competent to proceed to the Did lion and Determination of any Queftion, Matter or thing vii fhall be duly brought forward, without Reference to the M of Shares poffeffed by the Members prefent, either as Priodp4a Proxies, any thing in the faid firft recited Aft to the cootnrytkm in any wife notwithftanding ; and that every Queftjoo, Mata i thing which (hall be propofed, difeuffed or tonfidered at fad 0 neral or Special General Affembly of the faid Company, ikJ I determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prdbc, cob puting the Votes in the Proportions as to the Number of fort direfted by the faid firft recital Aft.

* VIII. And Whereas it is by the faid firft recited Ad odd

*	that no Perfon (hall give of deliver in Proxies for more thaFm

*	Shares: And Whereas the faid Provifion has been U aas

*	venientBe it therefore enafted. That tbefaid Provifion dull be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX* And be it further enafted. That at all future (W* Special General Aflemblies of the faid Company, anyftoptk* uj give in Proxies for Five. Votes and no more.

X.	Aijd be it further enafted, That whenever ay tftbe fad Committee or Court of Direftion fhall go out of Office adeito be upon the Committee or Court of Direftion of thefadCospm, the Perfons who (hall from time to time be elefted in their Room « Stead (hall continue in Office for the full Term of Three Years, (a* cept in cafe of Death, or Refufal to aft, or ceafing to be quahfid m manner by the faid firft recited Aft direfted, or being itsaed tr difplaced by the faid Company at any General Affembly ordeal General Affembly convened for that Purpofe,) and no longer; vs thing in the laid firft recited Aft to the contrary thereof iaioyn notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all the AftsaodPraedif of the Perfon or Perfons appointed by the Committee or Cost a Direftion, by virtue of the laid firft recited Aft, to be i Mate* the faid Committee or Court of Direftion in the Room or torii any Member or Members of the faid Committee of Court of k reftion, who (hall die or refufe to aft in the Execution of th fid recited Afts and this Aft, or who (hall ceafe to be ombfiedams* ner by the faid firft redted Aft direfted, or (hall hold ayfa Office, Employment or Contraft under the (aid Company, V * and be deemed to have been valid and effeftnal to all Irt* d Purposes, notwithftanding the Eleftion of fuch Perfon or ^ fhall not be confirmed by the faid Company of Proprietors next General or Special General Affembly after Inch Eleffins by the (aid Committee or Court of Direftion.

< XII. And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Validity^ ( Eleftion of certain Members of the Committee or Court of D* 4 reftion* and of certain Proceedings of the find Company * Committee or Court of Direftion, in confequence or tbcG*^

56° GEO. III.

Cxi.

718

the (aid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, together with the Accumulations thereof will be fufficient to fini(h and complete the faid Bridge, then the (aid Trufteet, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to transfer the fame to the faid Company, or as they (hall dired, any thing in the faid fird recited Ad to the contrary thereof in anywife not with funding ; and the (aid Sum when fo transferred by virtue of this Aft, or a competent Part thereof, (hall be forthwith applied in fkifhing and completing the faid intended Bridge, and no Part thereof fhafi be hud out or expended in the Streets and other Works authorized by the (aid recited A ft8 and this A&, or in the Purchafe of Houfes, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpofe, or otherwife howfoever, until and unlefs the faid intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, (hall be fully completed and fmilhed.

XX* And be it further enaded, That lb much of the faid firft recited Aft as requires the (aid Company to conftrud convenient Stone Stairs and Plying Places on each Side of each End of the faid Bridge for the Ufe of the Watermen and Wherry men rowing on the River Thames, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXI* Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the (aid Company (hall, and they are hereby required to conftrud at each End of the faid Bridge, One convenient Plying Place or Flight of Stone Stairs, of not lefs than Sixteen Feet in Width, for the Ufe of the faid Watermen and Wherry men ; but nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent the faid Company from conftrufting fuch Stone Stairs or Plying Places on each Side of each End of the (aid Bridge, if they (hall deem it proper and advifable fo to do.

4	XXII. And Whereas the Width of the Accefs to the faid 4 Bridge on the North Side thereof, from Thames Street in the City

*	of London, is not fpecified and direded in the faid firft recited Ad,

*	and it is expedient that the fame (hould be made broad and conve* 4 nient Be it therefore enaded, That the (aid Company of Propri. etors (hall and they are hereby required, within the Period limited for the Completion of the faid Bridge, Streets and Works by the faid firft recited Ad, to make and conftrud the faid Accefs of the full Width of Sixty (ix Feet for the Length of One hundred and forty Feet, to be roeafured from the North Abutment of the (aid Bridge, and of the full Width of Fifty three Feet from the End of fuch One hundred and forty Feet to Thames Street aforefaid.

* XXIII* And Whereas it is by the faid firffc recited Ad enaded, 4 that Satisfa&ion (hould be made for the Value of Lands, Grounds, 4 Eredions, Buildings, Houles, Tenements, Wharfs and Heredita-4 ments, and for the Damages to be fuftained by the making and 4 completing the Works therein direded and authorized to be made, 4 either in grofs Sums or by annual Rents, (except in cades of 4 Spiritual rerfons, to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes 4 (hould be made in manner therein direded,) as (hould be agreed 4 upon between the faid Company of Proprietors and the Parties 4 interefted: And Whereas it is expedient that fo much of the (hid 4 firft recifed Ad as authorizes the Payment of fuch Recompeace 4 or Satisfaction by annual* Rents (hould be repealedBe it therefore enaded. That fo much of the (aid foil recited Ad as authorizes any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiafticad or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants

in

Claufc a* to Two Plying Places at each End of Bridge repealed.

Company required to con-ftruft One Plying Place at each End of Bridge.

Width of Street.

Repealing Pro-vifion for making Satis&dion for Damages, &c. by annual Rents.

Cxi.

£6* GEO. III.

mn

Directing further Proceeding In Adioos for CaUi.

Prorifionre-~ fpodting invtft-

iog 30*000!. repealed.

As to the Return of the Sum of ^OfOooL

fuch only at (hall be exprefsly dire&ed to be done aadeuentrit General or Special General Affcmbly of the bad Company.

XVII.	And be k farther enacted. That in aHA&iouta! brought or commenced by the (aid Company aninft any Prior Perfont for any Call or Call* heretofore, or whicn (hall be tad made upon the Shares in the faid Undertaking, the Prodo&w the Regifter Book direded to be kept by the laid firft noted A {hall be Evidence upon the Trial that the Defendant or Defed* in fuch Adion was or were the Owner or Otraert, Propnttr ( Proprietor! of fuch and fo many Share or Shares as in the fin Regifter Book (hall be exprefied, and on fuch Trial it Qnfi at \ neceffary to prove the Appointment of the Committee or Co art ( Diredion who made fuch Call or Calls, or any other Mate «h foever than ia required by the faid firft recited Aft to be prod and that in all fuch Adiona, if a Verdid (hall be fend fer tbefin Company, the faid Company (hall be alfo entitled to recover tkfe of Twenty Shillings for every Share held by fuch DefendahrA fondants tor and in refped of each and every Call for vbidbfed Verdid (hall be found, over and above the Amount of the fcdC& at and for the Forfeiture for the Non Payment of the fend Cilh an tioned and impofed in and by the faid firft recited Aft.

4 XVIII. And Whereat it it by the bud firft recited Ad ended

*	that before any Lands, Houfes, Tenements, WharhorHemb-

*	meats (hall be ourchafed or taken by virtue of tbeltaiofthr

*	bud Ad, and before the faid Bridge, Streets or Ato top

*	fhould be began to be ereded, widened or made, fottCapT 4 (hould inveft in the Three Pounds per Cenhm Co^oWln 4 Annuities, in the Names of certain Truftees, the SandTWn 4 thoufand Pounds, for the Purpofea therein mrabowd:

4 Whereas the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds has taxi 4 vefted according to the Diredions of the faid Aftj And WW 4 it is by the faid Ad further enaded, that when it (hould appmftj 4 the bud Truftees that the faid Bridge and Streets, and the Vto 4 conneded therewith, (hould be fo far ereded and made, tkib 4 faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, and the Accnnakw 4 thereof, would be fnfficient to finifh the (aid Brito Stmts a 4 Works, then the faid Truftees (hould transfer the feme to tiea 4 Company to be applied for that Purpofe: And Wbems tbefin

*	Provifion may prove highly inconvenient to the faid Compey; Be it therefore enaded. That fo much of the bud Aft tsM^ when and as foon as it (hould appear to the Satisfa&ioQ of A Truftees for the time being, or the Majority of them, tk tkal Bridge and Streets, and the Works conneded therewith, Mlb fo for ereded, built and made, that the bud Sum of Money b vefted in the Three Pounds per Cenhm Confolidated Bui A to as thereinbefore direded, together with the Accumuhtiou, sd be fufficient to finifli and complete the bud Bridge, Stated Works, then the foid Truftees mould, and they were thereby ask rized and required to transfer the fame to the fod Company at fa prietors, or as they (hould dired to be applied for that Pnrpofc be and the fome is hereby repealed.

XIX.	And be it further enaded. That when sad at fall appear to the Truftees in the foid firft recited Aft meto or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Majority of then, * 5	*

A.D. 1SI&

56® GEO. IIL

C.xx.

Younger of Barra, Efquire, Captain Twenty third Dragoons; Duncan Macpb erf on of Chsny, Efquire; James Maepherfon of Belleville, Efquire; Major General Lachlan Macquarrie, Governor of New South Wales ; Malcolm Mac queen of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, Efquire ; Thomas Potter Mac queen. Younger of Ridge-mont, Efquire ; Alexander Macrae, Efquire, of Clarendon, Jamaica f Alexander Macrae, Efquire, of Demerara ; Major Colin Macrae, late? of the Seventy fifth Regiment; Colin Macrae, Efquire of Demerara; Colin Macrae of Furnivats Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Efquire; John Macrae, Efquire, Bengal; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae of that Ilk, Efquire? William Mactaggart, Efquire, Madras; Colonel Alexander Mair, Deputy Governor Fort Saint George; Neil Malcolm of Poltalloch, Efquire; Marmaduhe William Conjlable Max-well of Nithfdale, Efquire ; David Milligan of Wimfole Street, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire ; Robert Milligan of Wimpole Street, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Alexander Milne of Whitehall Place, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire ; William Mitchell of Harley Street, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire ; General James Montgomerie; Major Alexander Morrifon, Gunners-bury Houfe, Brentford; John morrifon of Auebintoul, Efquire ; Lieutenant Colonel William Morrifon, Madras Army; Robert Muir of Milden Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Efquire 5 Lieutenant Donald Munro, Eighty fixth Regiment; George Gun Munro of Grenada, Efquire ;. Hugh Munro ofTanntnich, Efquire; Lieutenant Colouel Robert Munro of Livingstone, Colonel Thomas Munro, Madras Army ; Walter Kofs Munro of Seymour Place, Efquire 5 William Munro of Thames Street, in the City of London, Efquire; Colonel Murray, Madras Army; Colonel Alexander Mac Gregor Murray, Evan John Mac Gregor Murray of Glencaimaig, Efquire; Honourable L. G. H. Murray, Madras; Colonel Robert Mac Gregor Murray, William Murray, Efquire, Barbadoes; Colonel Ogg, Madras Army; James Ogilvie, Efquire; John Ogilvie, Efquire, Canada; John Hugh D. Ogilvie, Efquire, Madras; Captain Patullo, Madras Army; Lieutenant Archibald Paxton, Eleventh Dragoons; Major Prendergajl, Madras Army; Charles Rait of Fcnchurch Street, Efquire; Andrew Reid of Ruffell Square, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Lieutenant Riddell, Madras Army; Andrew Robertfon, of Gerrard Street, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Colin Robertfon of Ruffell Square, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Divie Robertfon of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire 5 Lieutenant Colonel Donald Robert* fon, Ebenezer Robertfon of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Efquire; Francis Robertfon of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Efquire; Colonel W. Philip Col-year Robertfon, Captain John Rojfe, Eajl India Service ; Alexander Rofs of Cromarty, Efquire; Gilbert Saltoun, Efquire, Bermuda ; Andrew Scott, Efquire, Madras; Captain Hugh Scott, Madras Army ; Captain John Scott, Madras Army ; Angus Shaw, Efquire,

Suebec ; Gcddet Mackenzie Simfon of Tower Street, in the County of fiddlefex, Efquire ; Alexander Sinclair, Efquire, Madras ; Captain Alexander Skene, Royal Navy; Andrew Smith Skene, Efquire; William Smith, Efquire; John Spottifwoode of that Ilk, Efquire; Alexander Stewart of Bonfkeid, Efquire; Alexander Stewart, Efquire, Madras; Major Alexander Stewart, Colonel David Stewart, Garth; Robert Stewart, Efquire, Haddington; Robert Stewart, -	>	Efquire,

C.xL

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1SII

Three Diradon may give Re* ceipts for Pur-fhafe Money of Lands refold.

Power to leafe Tolls for not more than Three Years.

Repeal ef CUuft far Tolls to be -•id once a Dav,

in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years deteraiwble a a Life or Lives, whether in Pofieffion, Remainder, Reverfion, Eipel ancy or otherwife, and all Feoffees in Trtift, Executon, Admrdi tors. Femes Covert, Hu/bands, Guardians, Committees, T rda and all and every other Perfon or Perfons, who (hall be fried, pi fefTed of or interfiled in any Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Hoaf Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, through, in or spoo vta the laid Bridge and the Streets and Avenues thereto, and Works, are thereby authorized to be built, made and cooftnHl accept and receive Satisfa&ion for the Value of fuch Lands, Goal Buildings, Houfes, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, all the Damages to be fuftained by the making and coopletisgi Works thereby authorized to be made, by annual Rents n oal thereby direded, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIV* And be it further enabled. That in all cafawbaftti Company (hall fell and difpofe of any Lands, Grounds, Eredn Buildings, Houfes, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, Mhi not be wanted for the Purpofes of the faid recited AdsandthiAfi it fhall be lawful for any Three of the faid Committee orConU Diredion to iign and give Receipts for the Money for winch tkhl (hall be fold; and fuch Receipts (hall have the like Force ad Ul as if the fame had been figned by the Treafurer or Tiafaenfari time being to the faid Company of Proprietors by virtue of deli firft recited Ad.

XXV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Cospfy* their Committee or Court of Diredion, fhall have Ifltonal Authority, after giving Fourteen Days’ Notice in Vfah&ak affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which fhall then be otfitriky virtue of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, sad vtatibg ft feme Twice in fome Newfpaper, publifhed or ctrcnkd in theft of London, from time to time, to leafe and demife the ToQs ptf by the feid firft recited Ad and this Ad, or any Pvt vM thereof, for any Term or Terms of Yean not exceeding TbtcM at any one time, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fa payable at fuch times and tinder fuch Covenants as they tk I Company, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, flail tinkl they the faid Company having a Counterpart of fech Lok l Leafes, Demife or Demifes, and taking fuch other fuffidest Seed from the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Tolls (hall be km or demifed, for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Oi venaets to be referred and comprifed in fuch Leafe or Lesfes, ft mife or Demifes, as the faid Company, or their Committee or CmI of Diredion, fhall think fit.

4 XXVI. And Whereas it is by the feid firft recited Ad enfid

*	that no Perfon having Occafion to pafs through any Tnnpk* 4 Toil Bar, where Toll fhould be taken by virtue of the

< with any Coach or other Carriage, Horfe or other Cattle,

*	fhould return the feme Day through the fame Turnpike <* M

*	Bar, with the fame Coach or other Carriage, Horfe or other (A 4 for which fuch Toll fhall have been paid, be liable to pijflft 4 her or .their Return the faid Toll at fuch Turnpike or Toil ft: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the feid Prorifioa Ihouldk* 4 pealed Be it therefore enaded. That the find Pronto ft** and the feme is hereby repealed.

XXVII.

56° GEO. III.

C.xx.

7^

that Simon Mac Gillivray* Divie Robertfon* and Jama Hamilton*

Efquires, (hail be, and they are hereby appointed the Treafurert of the (aid Corporation; and that Simon Mac GilYtvray, and James Hamilton* Efquires, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Secretaries of the fame; and that Grant Allan, Alexander Grant, and Colin Robertfon, Efquires, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Auditors of the fame ; and that Colin Macrae, Efquire, (hall be, and he is hereby appointed the Deputy Secretary of the fame; and that the Reverend William Mackenzie and Roderick Macleod* Do&or of Divinity, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Chaplains of the fame; and that the faid feveral Officers (hall continue in their re-fpe&ive Offices until the Twenty fird Day of March, which (hall be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen; and that the Who may com-faid Prefident, or in his Abfcnce One or more of the Vice Preiidents, pofe a General or of the Treafurers, with any Twelve or more of the Members of Court, the faid Corporation; or in the Abfence of the Prefident, all the Vice Preiidents and Treafurers, any Fifteen or more of the Members of the faid Corporation, (hall compofe a General Court; and that General the Firfl General Court (hall be holden on the Third Saturday in May* Court, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, at fuch Houle or Place as the faid Corporation (hall then occupy or ufe for carrying on the Bufinefs of the fame, and fhall then, and from time to time, be adjourned to fuch Houfe or Place as, for the time being, (hall be fo occupied or ufed, or to fuch other Place as they (hall deem expedient, (due Notice being given thereof as hereinafter mentioned,) at fuch time or times as the laid Court (hall think necefiary, for the due Execution of this A&; and that a General Court of the faid General Court*. Corporation (hall be holden Four times at lead in every Year, that is to fay, on the Third Saturday in the Month of February, the Twenty fird Day of March, the Third Saturday in the Month of April* and the Third Saturday in the Month of May ; and, in cafe the faid Twenty fird Day of March (hould happen to fall on a Sunday or Good Friday, then, and in that cafe, the faid General Court (hall be holden on the Twenty fecond, the Day immediately following; and Notice of each fuch General Courts mall be given in Two of the Public Newfpapers, Ten Days at lead before the holding of every fuch Court; and whenever Occafion (hall require, a Special General Special General Court (hall be holden by Order of the Committee Courts, of Directors, or the major Part of them aflembled at any of their Meetings, or upon the Requifition of any Nine of the Members, fignified in Writing to any One of the Secretaries for the time being, and fubfcribed by fucb Members, upon the like Notice thereof being given Ten Days at lead before the holding of the fame.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons defirous of be- Members to ba coming Members of the (aid Society, (hall be propofed at one of the propofed at Ge-General or Special General Meetings of the fame, or at any Meeting J*fral or Specwl of the Committee of Directors, and at no other time, by Two Mem- Gener41 Court*; bers of the faid Society, who (hall infert in a Book, to be kept for that Purpofe, the Name and Place of Abode of fuch Perfon, together with their own Name; and that each of the Perfons fo propofed,

(hall be feverally put in Nomination at the next enfiling General or Special General Court; and that the Members then prefent, (hall and to b« ele&ed proceed to a Ballot, and fuch Perfons (hall be delared to be duly by Ballot. cleAed as (Hall appear to be approved of by Three Parts in Four of

tho

c.jd.

5B° GEO. lit

JLD.HU

.728

Compenfatiaa to the Commiffioners of the Clink Pare, meets confirmed.

diftraining to retain the fame, or the Money arifing by thebd thereof, Tas the cafe may happen,! until the Amount of fochld and the Charges of making fuch Diftrefs, and of keeping and the fame, (haul be ascertained by Come Juftice of the Peace of J County, Town or Place wherein fuch Difpute (hall happen, d upon Application to him made for that Purpofe, (hall examine I matter upon the Oath of the Parties or other Witnefs or Wind f which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized to adzninider,} a mall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, anditMbeiai for fuch Juftice to aflefa and award fuch Coib to be paid bjdh of the Parties to the other as he (hall think fit and reafonabk; nil cafe of Non Payment thereof on Demand, fuch Coih (hall be bd by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Partjhdl to pay the fame by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Mice, j 4 XXXI. And Whereas it is by the (aid firft recited Ad radd 4 that the (aid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Coi

•	of Dire&ion, or thejr Treafurer or Treafurers for theme lew 4 fhould pay or caufe to be paid to the Commillioixn appoEtedfi 4 carrying into Execution an Ad paffed in the Twenty fcrth Te« 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for paving, cksnfiag, sghdM

*	and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Mwis 4 Places within the Manor of Southwark, otherwife called ft ffl 4 or Bilhop of IPincbeftePs Liberty in the Pariih of Sat fasq 4 Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for other tfrP&psfil 4 therein mentioned, fuch annual Sum and Sums of Jfirrnar

•	expreffed in and by the faid firft hereinbefore read Ad, *» 4 Equivalent for the Lofs the faid Commiffioners migkfatyk, 4 Non Payment of the Rates or AfTefftnents in thelaidkinctd 4 A St mentioned: And Whereas fince the paffingof the id id 4 recited Ad, the faid Ad of the Twenty fixth Yeir of HajwU 4 Majefty’s Reign has been repealed, and another Aft was pz^di i lieu and ftead thereof, in the Fifty fecond Year of the

♦	intituled An Ad for better paving, cleaning, lighting taiszS* 4 the Streets, Lanes and other public Paffages and Plata «&* 9 Manor of Southwark, other wife called The Clink, er I

*	Winchefter’x Liberty, in the Parifb of Saint Saviour, Sootinv 4 in the County of Surrey Be it therefore enafted, TkiUk and Sums of Money diieded by the faidfarft recited Ad to be pi to the faid Commiffioners for carrying the faid Ad into Execfflai the Twenty fixth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, fhaH bepuil payable to the Commiffioners appointed to cany into Execttwi faid Ad of the Fifty fecond Year of the faid Reign, or totbrCdh le&or or Receiver, or Colledors or Receivers ddy appointed and by virtue of the faid laft mentioned Ad, as an Equinkotsl in lieu of fuch Rates or Afieffinents, in like manner to ft !»• and Purpoles as the fame are payable to the faid firft scari Commiffioners; and that the faid Commiffioners for ama$ tk faid Ad of the Fifty fecond Year of the faid Reign into and their Colledor or Receiver, Colledors or Recovers, hi tfl the fame Powers and Authorities for demanding, recovasg I receiving the faid Sum and Sums of Moneyas are veiled in the I firft mentioned Commiffioners in and by the faud firft rerited A&d Parliament*

XHIlIk

A.D. 1619,

- «e°GEa hi.

Gx*.

133

Ufe and Application thereof; and to make; ordain and eonftitute fuch and (o many Bye Laws, Conftitutions and Ordinances, as to them, or the greater Number of them then and there prefect, (hall feem neceflary and convenient, touching or in anywife concerning the Affairs and Bufinefs, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the laid hereby ereded Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants and Perfous employed in and about the Affairs thereof; and for auditing the Accounts of the faid Corporation; and the lame Bye Laws, Conflitutions and Ordinances fo made, to put in ufe and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleafttre to revoke, change and alter the fame or any Part of them; which faid Bye Laws, Conftitutions and Ordinances which (hall be fo made as aforefaid, (hall be duly kept and obferved, provided that the fame be reafonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Cuiloms or Laws of the United Kingdom, or to any thing in this Ad contained.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, That no fuch Bye Law, Rule, or Or- No Bye Law

dinance (hall be binding, or have any Force or Effed, until the fame	unlefa

lhall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next fucceeding confirmed by* General Court, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary, and that the encra ourt* Same Method (hall be obferved in altering or repealing any fuch Bye

Laws, Rules, Orders or Ordinances.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That Perfom in whofe all and eveiy Perfon and Perfons in whofe Name or Names any Sum Nanfies

or Stuns of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Secu- ^twntfer and** rities for Money or other Effeds whatfoever, (hall at the time of aflign the fame pafling this Ad Hand, or be fecured, the beneficial Intereft wherein to the Corpor-tefpeSively (hall belong to the faid Society hereby incorporated, (hall at,oa» forthwith, after the palling of this Ad, transfer and aflign the fame refpedively, fo and in fuch manner as that the fame (hall be veiled in the hereby ereded Corporation, by the Name, Style and Title hereinbefore mentioned and enaded.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That Power to Trea-it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the Treafurers for the time forer*, with Con. being of the faid hereby ereded Corporation, and they are hereby fenl of .Conlmlt* authorized and required from time to time, by and with the Confent j^^in^he and Approbation of the Committee of Directors thereof for the time Fundi, being, or the major Part of fuch Committee prefcnt at any of their Meetings, to lay out and inveft all or any fuch Sum or Sums of

Money as have or hath been, or (hall hereafter be given, devifed or bequeathed by any charitable or well difpofed Perfon or Perfons, to and for the faid Ends, Intents and Purpofes in this Ad mentioned, or any Part thereof, other than and except fuch and fo much thereof, as the Exigencies of the faid Corporation (hall call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, in any of the Public Funds, in the Name of the faid hereby ereded Corporation.

IX.	And it is hereby enaded and declared. That the Dividends, Dividends to be Intereft and Annual Proceeds, which (hall from time to time arife applied for the from the Funds and Securities belonging, or which (hall at any ^wpof«ofthis time belong to the laid hereby ereded Corporation, lhall from time

to time be applied to and for the Ufts, Ends, Intents and Purpofes in this Ad mentioned.

X.	And be it further enaded, That all Queftfons upon, the Pro* Queftiom to be feedings of the laid Corporation at any General Court or Committee decidcd. by Vote,

724

C.xiii.

WGEO.IIL

The Theatre to be kept open for alimited time.

Public Ad.

LBlSli

4 of Surrey, at the laft Michaelmas Quarter Seffiou for tlx * Country muted their Licence to the then Tenants or Ocapij 4 wf the (aid Theatre, purfuant to the Diredions of the ^id Adi' < public Mufic and Dancing in the (kid Theatre for Ok Year; I 4 the faid Tenants or Occupiers9 Intereft in the faid Tbeitir t 4 ptring cm the Twenty fifth Day of March, in the prefect Year Q 4 thouund eight hundred and fixteen, and the fnd Theatre A 4 coming into the PofieSon of the fiud Temple Wejt} the £nd Teai 4 or Occupiers cannot ufe the (aid Licence after that Day: Ai 4 Whereas the (aid Tenants or Occupier* have refufed totruari 4 faid Licence to the (aid Temple Weft, or to allow hzn to ded 4 fame from the Cud Twenty fifth Day of March One thoafaoded 4 hundred and fixteen, till the next Michaelmas Quarter Sdbai 4 the faid County of Surrey e And Whereat by the fed Ad 4 Licence under tne fame, for the Purposes therein maboed, a® 4 be granted by the Juftices of the Peace for the laid Coast/

4 other time but at the Michaelmae Quarter Seffiou*: AdWka 4 it will be attended with great Lofs and Inconwenienoe bo de la 4 Temple Weft, if the (aid Theatre be not opened hr tk sfeq 4 Seaton, whereby his Property in the fame will becone of ca 4 fiderable left Value, and much deteriorated;’ It n Mm os dient that the (aid Temple Wftfhouid be allowed tokeepopeetkai Theatre, for public Mufic and Dancing only^ for the twbmsBzfea mentioned $ bat, by reafon of the Circdmftancet afarehii ud of da Reftridions contained in the faid Ad, the (ameaaotk&e without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Mzyt Mr pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it o&bv The Ring9* Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adns m Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commooi, adi prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of tlx (a That it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty3! Jafekai the Peace for the faid County, at the next or any fubfeqratQusI Seffiona to be holden in and for the faid County, or for any Twi His Maiefty’a Jufticea of the Peace for the faid County, atbes or any liiblequent Petty Seffiona to be holden in and for the! County, or for the Liberty or Divifion in which the faid Theme fituate, at their Difcretion to grant a Licence to the fad TttfJ to keep open the faid Theatre, called The Royal Cimt or to Theatre, fituate in the (aid Parifh of Saint Getrn, SutM the faid County of Surrey, for public Mufic and Daacmkii Day of the Date of fuch laft mentioned Licence ad tlx a Michaelmas Quarter Seffiona of the Peace to be holden a adi the faid County of Surrey, in fuch and the fine Miner, a fubjed to the lame Rules, Regulations, Condition and Fedn as if the faid Theatre were kept open for public Mac * Dancing under and by virtue of the dud Licence firft Meta mentioned.

II. And he R further enaded, That this Ad flwdl be taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taka Nooctol i fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without bdsg fpd| pleaded*

A.D.18I*.

56ft GEO. III.

Cxx,

737

the fame, then and in each and every fuch cafe, fuch Juftices (hall Upon Conviction, commit the Party offending1, to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlefex, or the City of London, or of fuch' County as the (aid Society (hall for the time being be fituated in, there to remain without .Bail or Mainprize until he, (he or they, (hall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforelaid, or until he, (he or they, (hall have compounded and agreed with the faid Committee, or any Five or more of them, and until he, (he or they, (hall have paid luch Compolition Money, which Compofition the faid Committee, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make and receive: Provided always, that no Officer or Perfon who (hall be fo committed for want of fufficient Diilrefs, (hall be detained in Prifon by virtue of this Ad for any longer Bpace of time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That the Treafurers for the time being of the faid Corporation, (hall give in their Accounts from time to time, when required either by the Committee of Diredors at any of their Meetings, or at a General Court, there to be examined and allowed or dif-allowed ; and (hall pay over all the Monies remaining in their Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may at any time be (landing in* their Names as Treafurers as aforefaid, to the Treafurers immediately fucceeding them, on Demand by fuch fucceeding Treafurers, with the Authority of the Committee, or of the General Court at which fucceeding Treafurers (hall be eleded or appointed.

( XIII. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf, herfeif or themfelves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace ading in the Execution of this Ad, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the Firft General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City or Place within which the Matter of Appeal (hall arife, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the time fuch Matter of Appeal (hall have arifen ; the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given Ten Days* Notice at lead, of his, her or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft ; and forthwith after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch County, City or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Award and Order of the faid Court thereon ; and the faid Juftices at fuch Seffion, upon due Proof of fuch Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuen Appeal in a fummary way, and to make fuch Determination therein,-and to award fuch Coda to either of the Parties or otherwife, as-they the faid Juftices (hallJudge proper; and all fuch Determinations of the faid Juftices (hall be binding, final and conclufive to* and upon all Parties to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever. 4

XIV. And be it further enaded, That if any A&ion (hall he** brought, or Suit commenced, againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any' thing done in purfuance of this Ad, or in relation to the Premifeg, pr any of them, every fuch Adion or Suit (hall be laid or brought' vrithin Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of fuch Suit or A.dk>n (hall have arifen, in the County where the Caufe of fuqh> 56 Geo. III.	3	B	Adion

Imprifonmeht.

Provifo si to Duration of Imprifonaaent.

Treafurers to account to the Committee, or at a General Court.

Appeal

Cofti.

Limitation of A&ions.

C.xx«

6e° geo. irr.

its

mm

*	Northern Parts of Great Britain ; for relieving diftrefW H € landers at a Diftance from their Native Homes $ for prefer

*	the Antiquities, and refeuing from Oblivion the vahuble Res

*	of Celtic Literature, and tor promoting the Improvcm:

*	general Welfare of the Northern Parts of Great Bate*, for 4 themfelves into a Society, called The Highland Society #/ Lm 4 And Whereas the faid Society has railed a confidence Sii 4 Money by Subfcription, and has applied the fame agreeabh to

*	Plan of their Inftitution, and by fqch Subfcription have aqcc

*	fufficient Funds to carry into Eneft the.Purpofes afordai: A

*	Whereas thofe Purpofes cannot be fully effefted, nor the pL*is 4 properly fecured and applied, without the Authority of Pd 4 ment :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it out ena&ed ; and be it ena&cd by The King's Moft ExceDeat Mid by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spki i Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a

Corporation in- by the Authority of the fame. That His Royal Higbefe Fnltri llituttd for the X)uke of Tori and Albany, His Royal Highnefi jEdwrJDuei Purpofet of t	Kent and Straihearn, His Royal Highnefs Augujins Frcdemi Di)

of Suffix and Earl of Inyernefs, Archibald Duke of Hmixv jBrandon, Charles William Duke of Buccleugh ad fyunju*. Alexander Duke of Gordon, George William Duke of Jmv, Jd Duke of Atboll\ James Duke of Montrofe, Gwyt	c

Twee dale, George Marquis of Stafford, John liuqit of M Alexander Lord Dutton commonly called Marquis d&qkc.1. Clydtfdale; George Lord Gordon commonly cahed Mar^tii t! Hnntly; Hugh Earl of Eglintoun, Archibald Earl of Cefk, hx:> Earl of Moray, John Earl of Strathmore, Thoms LH oi bl Thomas Earl of Kinnoull, George Earl of jbalhonpe, Tima Id J Selkirk^ William Earl of Northefi, Alexander Earl of Mrr«J George Earl of Ahoyne, John Earl of BnadaUam, Gar6:	■■

Aberdeen, George Earl of Dunmore, George Earl of Gb/po* Earl of Harrington, William Earl of Mansfield, Jams Earle: Francis Earl of Moira% James Earl of Ro/slyn, Wilham EaC" cart, the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commo&ir Sr\ Lord Archibald Hamilton ; the Right Honourable Jdt D^j Edward Henry Campbell commonly called Lord John Bsyi Edward Henry Campbell; the Right Honourable fr.\ *1 Qampbcll commonly called Lord Frederick * Campbell; tl*JLJ Honourable James Murray commonly called Lord Janus Mm j the Right Honourable George William Coventry commonly c-J Vifcount Deerhurfi ; the Right Honourable Thomas CodrmrA monly called Lord Cochrane ; the Riglit Honourable Joh Uncommonly called Vif count Glenorcby ; James Ochontar Lord Frc, Alexander George Lord Saltoun, Robert Walter Lord Blair< Lord Reay, Alexander Lord Elibank, Charles Lord jW"i] Thomas Lord Dundas, John Lord Cawdor, Alexander Los&Jj don aidy the Honourable William Maule of Panmurty the H<*^ Alexander Duff, the Honourable Peter Robert Drummond M the Right Honourable Sir William Grant Knight, Mailer of I Rolls; the Right Honourable Sir John Sinclair of Ulbjln, Bard the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of isj A Baronet; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Siuarty Kaigktil Right Honourably Sir ■William Drumrrtqad of J^tedassyi) Wl

* •	•	'	v	•	^

A.D.1816.

56* GEO. III.

Cxxi,

7S»

*	laid, by preventing the Commiifion of Frauds in the Vend and 4 Delivery thereof; and it is apprehended that it would be of great

*	Benefit to the Inhabitants of the feveral Parifhes in the County of

*	Middlefex9 lying upon, or adjoining to the North Side or Bank of

<	the River Thames, between the Parifh of Saint Luke Chelfeay and

*	the Mouth or Entrance of the River Colne near Staines ; and alfo

<	between Limeboufe Hole and the Mouth or Entrance of the River

*	Lee or Bow Creek, near Blackwally and of the feveral Parifhes in

*	the Counties of Middlefex and EJfexy lying upon, or adjoining to 1 the River Lee or Bow Creeky and to the various Branches and € Streams thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof, between the

*	River Thames and the Parifh of Edmonton, in the faid County of

*	Middlefexy if Provifions were made to prevent Frauds in the Ad-

*	meafurement and Delivery of Coals fold within the fame:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Maiefly that it may be ena&ed \ and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeat Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That from and immediately after the Firft of June next. Officers ip-there (hall be provided or continued at or near to Hammerfmith in. pointed. , the faid County of Middlefex y One Public Office, which (hall be deemed and taken to be the principal Land Coal Meter’s Office for the feveral Parifhes, Hamlets and Places, in the County of Mid-dlefcxy lying upon and adjoining to the North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Panfh of Saint Luke, Chelfeay and the Mouth or Entrance of the faid River Colne near Stainesg and alfo between Limeboufe Holey and the Mouth or Entrance of the faid River Lee or Bow Creek g and alfo for the feveral Parifhes in the Counties of Middlefex and Effeie, lying upon or adjoining to the faid River Lee or Bow Creek, and of every Stream or Branch thereof, on both Sides or Banks thereof refpeftively, fituate between the faid River Thames, and the faid Parifh of Edmonton g that is to fay, the feveral Parifhes, Hamlets and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammerfmith,

Chifwicky Ealing y Brentfordy Han welly IJle worthy Twickenham,

Teadingtony Hampton, Sunbury, Shepperton, Lalehamy Staines, Saint Anne Limehoufe, (except fo much thereof as is fituate between Tower Dock and Limeboufe Holey) Poplar and Blackwally in the Parifh of Stepney, Saint Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary Stratford Bow9 Saint John at Hackneyy and Tottenham9 in the County of Middlefex, and All Saints% Wejl Ham, and Leyton9 in the County of EJfex ; and there (hall alfo be provided and continued Three fubordinate Offices at the refpe&ive Places following ; (that is to fay), Onj at Stratford-le-bow9 in the County of EJfex9 and One at Brentfordy and another at Stamford Hill in the faid County of Middlefex g which faid principal and fubordinate Offices (hall refpe&ively be kept open every Day (Sundays9 Good Fridayy Cbrijlmas Day, and Faft or Thankigiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, yearly, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening ; and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of Marchy yearly, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if any Principal Meter principal Mettr (hall refufe or negleft to open or keep open any principal or fubor- not kaefrfng dinate Office as aforefiud, he (hall tor every fuch Offence forfeit Offices open* and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

3 B 2	II. And

e. XX.	*6*	GEO. III.	AJ).lSlfc

under Campbell, Efquire, Edinburgh ; A. D. Campbell of Madras Efquire; Archibald Campbell of Blythefwood, Efqaire ; Ueotori Colonel Archibald Campbell, Lieutenant Colonel Archibald Campkl| Eighty fourth Regiment; Rear Admiral Donald CampbtBi u» tenant General Duncan Campbell of Locbnell, Daman Camfbdl 4 Tavifiock Square, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; M* Campbell of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Efqnse; Jdk Campbell of Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlefex, ESgmei John Campbell Efquire, Mailer in Chancery; Captain fund Campbell, Royal Nary ; Robert Campbell of Ardchattmn,

Robert Campbell of Argyll Street, in the County of MibAjm, Efquire ; Thomas Campbell of Sydenham, Efquire ; Thomat Cem 4 Great Coram Street, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; fTAm Chijholm of that Ilk, Efquire ; Colonel Archibald Cbrtjhr; Timm Cock bum of Devonshire Street, in the County of Middkjea, Etyuej James Cochrane of Madras, Efquire ; Colonel Colebrooiel Medrn Army; Lieutenant Colonel James Conway of the Gmt, Hem-dean, in the County of Southampton ; Lieutenant Colonel Charier Cunningham, David Cunningham of Great Wincbefitr Strut, n lie City of London, Efquire; Lieutenant Colonel Dalryuple, Modem Army; Kirby Dalrymple of Madras, Efquire; AIrt order Gray David Jon of EarPs Court Road, in the County of Middejm, Efquire; Lieutenant General Alexander Dirom; Han Beudfm of Tulloeh, Efquire; Humphrey Donaldfon of Whitaet, k the County of Middlefex, Efquire ; William Douglas Ycwgerof Cafiie Douglas, Efquire; Robert Downie of Forres, Efqdft; Gaea! Andrew John Drummond of Strathallan ; James DrrnrnmnFiwmm of Strathallan, Efquire ; George Harley Drummond of Dnutmtj CaJHe, Efquire ; John Duff of Drummuir, Efquire; James Bexnlp. Duncan of Damfide, Efquire; James Beveridge Dunum Y anger of Damfide, Inquire; the Right Honourable Hugh E&u of Madras $ Captain Elliot, Madras Army; Captain Atfrfas Frederick D'Efte, Mac Morhar Innemeis ; John Farqubmfmd Houghton, Efquire; William Farquharfon of Monaltrie, Eiqese; John Fleming of Gloucefier Place, in the County of MU&fig, Do&or of Phyfic ; James Flemying of the City Chambers* h the City of London, Efquire ; Robert Stewart Flemying of Ki&cbeft, Efquire ; Bartholomew Forbes of Change Alley, in the Gty of London, Efquire ; Major General Benjamin Forbes, Cherla Faria of Auchmedden, Efquire; John Forbes of New, Efquire; Msha Forbes of Fitxroy Square, in the County of Middlefex, Efqear; Rear Admiral Alexander Frafer, Alexander Frafer of Lincddt ha Fields, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Charier Fryer of Inver aloe by and Cqfile Frafer, Efquire ; Duncan Frafer of Ftqqi, Efquire ; Lieutenant Frederick Alexander Frafer, Seventy qjhi Highlanders; George Frafer of the New City Chamber* is the City of London, Efquire; Colonel Hqfiings Frafer, Eight? Mth Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Frafer, Madras Am; James Frafer of Belladrum, Efquire ; John Frafer of Aekustrin, Efquire j John Frafer of AQon Place, in the County of Mddefix, Efquire; John Hutcbinfon Frafer of Fimne/lan, Efquire; Sms* Frafer Younger of Belladrum, Efquire ; Captain Thomas Frafer, Madras Army; Thomas Frafer or Madras, Efquire; 7ho* Frafer of Newton, Efquire; Captain Frafer, Town Major*

A.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi*

741

of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Mid-dlefex, an Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter,) in the following Words:

•	T	do	fwear,	That I will honeftly,

•	truly, faithfully and impartially, according to the beft of my

•	Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal « Meter, for the Parities comprifed hi an Aft palled in the Fifty

•	lixth Year of the Reign of His Maiefty King George the Third,

• intituled {here fet forth the Title of this ASt.] So help me GOD.’ VII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Principal Land

Coal Meter for the time being Ihall, and he is hereby direfted and required, from time to time and at all times, to nominate, appoint and employ a fufficient Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters, for the Purpofe of admeafuring Coals, and for executing fuch other Duties as are by this Aft required to be done by Land Coal Meters, and from time to time to liifpend or difmifs the fame Labouring Land Coal Meters, as he fhatl think fit.

s VIII. And be it further enafted. That no Perfon (hall be capable of afting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this Aft until he (hall have taken and fubfcribed before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Middlesex, or for the faid County of EJfex, an Oath (whicn Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) in the Words following:

T	do	fwear,	That I will honeftly,

truly, faithfully and impartially, to the beft of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Pariffies comprifed in an Aft pafted in the . Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this AH'] and that I will truly and impartially infpeft and meafure, or fee meafured or loaded, all fuch Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute fuch other Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred. So help me GOD.’ IX. And be it further enafted. That the faid feveral Labouring Land Coal Meters, and every of them, (hall, and they and he are and is hereby required to attend at the feveral Wharfs, Warehoufes and other Places, at which he or they (hall be ftationed from time to time by the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Chrijlmas Day, and Faft or Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to any fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Meters (o ftationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place to be named in fuch Notice, within the Limits of has or their Station or Stations for the time being, in order to meafure or fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Aft to be done by a Land Coal Meter at any fuch Wharf,.

3 B 3	Warehoufe

fbr due Performance of their Duty.

Principal Meters to appoint Lap bouring Meters.

Labouring Coal Meters alfoto take an Oath.

Form of Oath. -

Labouring Coal Meters to attend their Stations.

Hours of At. tendance.

Notice to be given to Meter to attendee. ;

V30

GxX,

5TGEO.nL

JUXigi

City of London* Efquire; Angus Macdonald of Puff MaM in the County of Middlefe,x, Elquire ; Donald Macdonald, ~ Brother of Clanrenald; Janus Macdonald, Younger of Efquire; James Macdonald of Invcrne/i, Efquire; John of Montreal, Efquire; John Macdonald of Kenmngtm CmsS) Efquire ; Colonel John Macdonald, Bengal Artillery 5 Liemaul Colonel John Macdonald of Queen Anne Street Eaft, in the Coatf of Middlefex; Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonald Yaap A Scalpa s John Macdonald of Bury Court, Saint Mary dxe, n tie City of London, Efquire; John Macdonald of Forres, Jkhat flf Phyfic ; General John Macdonald, Bengal; Reginald Gemft Mm> donald of Clanronald, Efquire; Colonel Alexander Madm&d Glengarry, Reverend Alexander Macdonell of Upper Canada, £. list* donell of Madras, Efquire; Lieutenant Colonel Jsunts Mode*4 Coldftream Guards ; Lieutenant Colonel Macdonell, Madras Amf; Simon Mac GiUivray of Suffolk Lane, in the City of Lain, Efquire; William Mac Gilltvray of Montreal, Efqore; M*or Duncan Mac Gregor, Seventy eighth Highlanders; Cherki Mtttm tods of Bombay, Efquire; Captain John Mackintofb, £ejI Itf* Service; Captain Mackintojb, Madras Artillery; Major Goal John MacIntyre, John MacIntyre of Jamaica, Efquire; JottMsdUft of Bengal, Efquire; Duncan Mackay of Dcmerara, Efqoire; H&x Mack ay of Jamaica, Efquire; Captain John Mackellar, Roya/^avy; Lieutenant General Alexander Mackenzie of Fairhain; dustier Mackenzie of Queen Square, in the County of Middles, Efcpart; Colin Alexander Mackenzie of the Albany, in the Comq d JfiAfip-fex, Efquire; Daniel Mackenzie, Efquire, Canada; DmtmUx-kenzie, Efquire, Keppoch; Henry Mackenzie, Efquire, CmL\ Colonel Jabez Mackenzie; John Mackenzie, Efquire; Papula Rifle Brigade; John Mackenzie of Bijhopgate Street, in the Coefitr of Middlefex, Efquire; John Mackenzie, Efquire, Bengali Keudl Mackenzie of Portland Place, in the County of Middlefex, Efqaet; Kenneth Mackenzie of Torridon, Efquire; Thomas Matlmx cf

Sueen Square, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Rewtsd 7Uiam Mackenzie of Smarden, Captain Wedderburn Motions, John Mackerrell, Efquire, Madras / Robert MacktrrtU of Wsthsi Street, in the City of London, Efquire; John Mackie of Mill Hu, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Donald Mackinnon of J.k Street, Adelpbi, in the County of Middlefex, Dodor of Pbrtc; Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Mackinnon, Coldftream Guardi; Ws&sx Alexander Mackinnon of that Ilk, Efquire; Captain JrcbikH Maclaine, Eighty fixth Regiment; Alexander Macleaj of Qua Square, Wejlminfler, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire; Kwsts Macleay ot Newmore, Efquire; Lieutenant Alexander Maks. Eighty fixth Regiment; Lieutenant Duncan Maclean, fixth Regiment; Captain Thomas Maclean, Madras Army; Mi-bald Norman Macleod, Efquire, Canada; Captain C. Mxkd, Madras Army; Captain Donald Macleod, Eafi India Sonet; Donald Macleod of Geanies, Efquire; James Cranford Baited, Younger of Geanies, Efquire ; Colonel John Macleod of J* M. Macleod, Efquire, Madras ; Reverend Roderick Macleod cf St. Annfs Soho, Dodor of Divinity; Colonel William Macissc, Parfon’s Green ; BuehaUnan Macmillan of Bow Street, intkCoaarr of Middlefex, Efquire■, JametMacnair, Efqwe j Rederid Hmmi

i -	Yooj3

AJX1816'

C.xxi.

743

56° GEO. III.

thereof, or may fee and be fatisfied that fuch Coals (in cafe of fuch Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Defeription as and for which the fame (hall be fold; and fuch Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger or other Perfon with whom the Ship Certificate of any of fuch Coals (hall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any fuch Coals, fuch 8hip Certificate, for the Purpofe of perufing and infpe&ing the fame, and fuch Meter (hall, and he is hereby required to countersign fuch Ticket or Tickets, if fuch Meter (hall be fatisfied that fuch Coals are of the Sort they are defcribed to be in fuch Ticket or Tickets, but (hall not counterfign the fame without being fo fatisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and fuch Meter (hall, and he is hereby alfo authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, (hall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorfe on the Back of the Certificate of fuch Coals, the Word M Delivered;” and if any fuch Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Perfon (hall refufe or negled to produce and deliver to any fuch Meter fuch Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any fuch Meter (hall counterfign any fuch Ticket or Tickets, without having firft infpeded fuch Coals, and alfo fuch Ship Certificate, and witnout having reasonable Ground to be fatisfied that fuch Coals are of the Sort described in Such Vender’s Ticket, or if any fnch Meter fhall not immediately after the whole of the Coals contained in any fuch Lighter, Barge or other Craft, fhall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for fuch Certificate of fuch Coals, or fhall not immediately on fuch Certificate being produced indorfe the fame in manner aforelaid, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Meter fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enaded, That all Cools fold as and for Pool Meafure, and to be fent in any Cart, Waggon or Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this A d, fhall be loaded, in Sacks in the Prefence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diffrift, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and infped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein fuch Coals (hall be loaded, and it (hall be lawful for fuch Meter to meafure the Dimenfions of all or any of fuch Sacks ufed in any fuch Loading before fuch Sacks (hall be filled or loaded; and fuch Meter (hall, and he is hereby authorized and required when any Room or Rooms of Coals in any Lighter, Barge or Craft, are or is to be fold and fent from any fuen Wharf or other Place as and for Pool Meafure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals fo loaded afid fent are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms fo fold, and likewife that the whole of the Coals contained in any fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold are in fad entirely emptied out of fuch Room or Rooms, and loaded and fent away to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Coals contained in fuch Room or Rooms; and in cafe fuch Meter (hall find any Sack or Sacks ufed for the loading of any fuch Coals is ov are of left Dimenfions than required by this Ad, or in cafe it (hall appear to fuch Meter, ac-

3 B 4	cording

And to indorfe the Word “ Delivered** on fuch Certificate.

Penalty.

Meter counter-figning Ticket without hiving infpe&ed Coals, &c.

Penalty.

Regulation with regard to. Coala fold by Pool Meafure.

C» xx*

56" GEO. III.

A.D.1MS.

1*2

Efquire, IJU pf Man ; WilRam Stewart of Piccadilly, in (Ik Cody of Middlesexf Efquire; Honourable James Strange, Madras; Etp Stuart, Efquire, Foreign Office; R. S. Stuart of Alderin, Efqms; Lieutenant General Robert Stuart of Raitt; J. Sutherland, Efqo^ Bombay ; William Tate of the Old Jewry, in the City of Lulu, Efquire ; Thomas Telford, Efquire; Richard Townend the Yosnjc, of Lima Street, in the City of London, Efquire; John TnM,Htjjan, Bengal; Colonel Charles Turner of Seymour Street, in the Caatytf Middlesex ; Walter Urquhart of Warles, Efquire; Robert loin, \ Efquire; A* Watfon, Dodor of Phyfic, Madras; John Etfni Mincing Lane, in the City of London, Efauhne; John Weddrriarid Leadenball Street, in the City of London, Efquire; General Utmjt of that Jib ; Benjamin Wefi, Efquire, Prefident of the RoyalAofeaj; George Young of Aujlin Friars, in the City of Loudon, Efquire; together with all and every Perfon who (hall be admitted into die {aid Society as a Member thereof) in manner herein motreed, M be One Body Corporate, by the Name of The Highland to §f London ; and that by the lame Name they (hall have perpetsal Suc-Comnaon Seal, ceffion, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, beak, and make new the fame, when and as often as they (hall judge the toe to be expedient; and that they and their Succeffon, by the (as* Name, may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaid, ufper and be anfwered, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, odfkfl of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and thesrSKeefas, by the Name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable inLivtoh*, hold, receive, enjoy, poflefs and retain, for the Ends n&hqofc of this Ad, and in truft, and for the Benefit of tie Wtoaty all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, giro, toiW or bequeathed, or (hall at any time or times hereafter be paid, pic, devifed or bequeathed by any charitable or well difpofed Perf« or Perfons, to and for the Ends and Purpofes in this Ad meafiooed; Society may take and that they and their Succefiors, by the Name afiorefud. Mid Lands In Mort- may at any time hereafter, without Licence, in Mortmain, purckie, m“n*	take	or receive, hold and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements or Hotfe*

aments, or any Eftate or Intereit therein, for the Purpofa of the id Charity, not exceeding Five Thoufand Pounds in Value. Appointment of H. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. Tbit Ha Officers.	Royal	Highnefs Frederick Duke of York and Albany (hall be, sodk

is hereby appointed Prefident of the faid Corporation; and tkttk Right Honourable James Murray, commonly called Lord Jw Murray ; the Right Honourable Alexander George Lord Satan; tie Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald of Ea/l Sheen, Bart; General Sir George Beckwith, Knight, Grand Crofi of the sod Honourable Order of the Bath; and Colonel Alexander Machdd Glengarry, (hall be, and are hereby appointed the Vice Ftddtuct the lame; and that David Cunningham, Efquire; John Ga^Ei^i William Henderfon, Efquire; Alexander Lamb, Efquire; Janalkl fay, Efquire; Alexander Macleay, Efquire; Donald Mathmi Dodor of Phyfic; Kenneth Murchifon Macrae, Efquire; JT$» Munro, Efquire ; Andrew Robertfon, Efquire; Gedda Mxhas Simfon, Efquire ; and George Young, Efquire, (hall be, ud tkj sue hereby appointed a Committee of Dire&ort for the Midp ment of the Affairs and Bufinefs of the faid Corpontioo, vtan Fire at the leaft may proceed to tranfad the uid Alhm; d

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. Ill,

C.xxi.

7*5

*	fame remeafured by the Buffiel Meafure, provided you imme-

4 diately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack (hall	>

< be (hot pr delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which

*	the fame are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Deiire to ( have the fame remeafured to any of the Land Coal Meters9 Offices

*	appointed by or by virtue of the faid Ad of the Forty feventh

*	Year, or the faid Ad of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of

*	King George the Third, alfo to the Vender or Venders of fuch

*	Coals* C* Z>. [Here infert the Name of the Vender] E. F. [Here 4 infert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the 4 Office u Jituated]- Dated [Here infert the Day of the Month, and 4 the Month and Tear when fuch Ticket was Jigneai*]

And in cafe fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Vender not de-Coals, (hall not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket as afore- liverin* Ticket faid, and fo countersigned by a Meter as aforefaid, to the Purchafer 10 Purchafer* or Purchafer* of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any fuch CoaU as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Vender or Venders (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Ten Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver or other Perfon at- Carman not detending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any fuch String Ticket. Coals as aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket (hall have been given, by or by the Dire&ions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall (having firft received the fame from the Vender or Venders, or any Perfon by the Order of the Vender or Venders) refufe or negle& to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchafer* of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Carman, Driver or other Perlon aforefaid fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders of, What Sum of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, fold as and for Pool Meafure, and M°ney** fent in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, j^rfor inf^iVg Wareboufe or other Place within the Limits of this Aft, or any Coalafoidby Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Meafure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter (hall

be ftationed, fituate within fuch Limits ; or the Occupier or Occupiers of anv fuch Wharf, Wareboufe or other Place, from or over which any fuch Coals (hall be fo fent, (hall and fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer pr Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Ad, at and alter the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo bought and fent to the Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof, as and for a Compenfation for the Trouble of infpeft-ing or fuperintending the Loading and fending away fuch Coals, and fuch Money (hall be repaid by the Purchafer or Purchasers of fuch Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing Enabling Pur-herein coutained (hall extend, or be conitrued to extend, to hinder or

prevent anv Purchafer or Purchafer* of any Coals, fold as and for Meafure to have Pool Mealure, from fending fuch Coals to the Premifes of fuch Pur- fuch Coals deli-chafer or Purchafers, or to any Landing Place which fuch Purchafer wed without

Ballot, by Concern, difpenfed witji.

Honorary Members may be chofen.

Eletlion of Pre-fident, Vice Prefidents, Trea* furers. Auditors, Dire&ort, Secretaries, Deputy Secretary and Chaplains.

C. xx.

SS* GEO. III.

AD.1515,

General Courts may delegate Power* to Committee of Directors; order and difpofe of Common Seal; make Bye Law*,and revoke and alter the fame.

the Member* b»Botting, and fhall before hie Adxmft<*rr pay ato the Hands of One of the Treafurers of the faid Society, the Sob of Twenty fix Pounds Five Shillings: Provided always, that if in air cafe it {half be the unanimon9 Defire of the Members prefect it fou Ele&ion, that the Ballot fhould be difpenfed with, and that thePerfoa then in Nomination fhould be eleded a Member of the find Society, fuch Perfon fo eleded, (hall be deemed and taken to have ben dedef by Ballot, and (half be admitted a Member of the £nd Sorietj, <a Payment of the Sum aforefaid.

* IV. And Whereas certain Perfon s have been chofen Hsaanry

•	Members of the faid Society, and it may be expedient that otam

*	fhould be chofen in future Be it therefore enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That any Number of fuch Members may be chofen a manner aforefaid, not exceeding Twenty fuch Members.

V. And be it further enaded, That at the General Court that fhall be hoi den on the Third Saturday in February, in the Year Che thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, there fhall be ehofa t Pnr£-dent, Five Vice Prefidents, Three Treasurers, Three Auditors, Tvehe Diredors, Two Secretaries, One Under Secretary and TwoCbphir,:, to ferve for the Space of One Year only, to commence from the Twenty firft Day of March next enfuing ; and that the like Ekebot of the Officers aforefaid, fhall be made at the faid General Court Yearly, and in every Year; and in cafe any of the Offices ihechid fhall become vacant by Death, Refignation or otherwifo, aether Perfon fhall from time to time be chofen to ferve in the Pbcrof foci Officer, during the Remainder of the Term for which the Fre&n whofe Office fhall have become vacant, was chofen, and nolosgtr;ad the Prefident and Vice Prefidents, Treafurers, Auditors and Secretaries for the time being, fhall be Members of the (aid Committee over and above the T welve Diredors to be eleded as aforefaid; aad alfo all fuch Members as fhall have ferved the Offices of Pre&feot, Vice Prefident, Treafurer or Secretary of the faid Society; asd the Members of the faid Corporation, affembled at any fuch General Court as aforefaid, or the major Part of them fo affembled, fhall hare full Power and Authority, in the Name of the faid Corporation, aid on their Account, to apply and difpofe of the Monies and Fuad< already given, and which fhall from time to time be contributed acd given by any Perfon or Perfons, on account of the faid Society, and all other Monies and Funds belonging, or to belong to the fed hereby created Corporation, to and for the Purpofes aforefaid, jdJ to or for any other Purpofe, Matter or any thing relating to the feme, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Difcretion ; and with and u&kr their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contrads for the Purpofes aforefaid, and for any other Purpofe or Purpofes for the better effeding and carrying on the Ufes and Defigns aforefed; and to do, manage, tran fad and determine all fuch other matters af things, as fhall to them, at any fuch Court, appear to be necefey or proper for effeding and carrying on the Purpofes aforefaid; ad (hall and may delegate fuch Power and Authority to the fold Cos-mittee of Diredors, as they fhall think neceffary for the more fpeedy, eafy and effedual Execution of this Ad; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Members of the faid Corporation, in a General Court affembled only, or the major Part of them, fo as afoiefoid, to order and difpofe of the Cuftody of the faid Common Seal, aad foe

fxo	Ufe

i

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

Cxxi.

747

meafured; and in cafe it (hall appear upon the Remeafurement of ,f Deficiency »p-fuch Coals by fuch Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as (hall at- tf*p. ty m tend for die Purpofe of remeafuring of fuch Coals, that fuch Coals PrQPorllon‘ do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Coais hare been fold as and for Pool Mea-fure, the Vender of fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Four Bufliels and not exceed Ten Bufliels in any Fire Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every Bufliel of Coals fo found deficient in every Fire Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Ten Bn(hclsin any Fite Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch cafe fuch Vender of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Bu(hel fo found deficient the Sum uf Five Pounds, and fhall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof; but in cafe any fuch Coals fo remeafured and found deficient (hall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Meafure, then and in fuch cafe the Vender of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every Bu(hel fo found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and fhall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the By whom Ex-Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by peaces of Re-©r by virtue of this Ad, and of the faid recited Ad, fo remeafuring, ®e*furemeoi fhall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo re- ue t0 measured by him, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any fuch Remeafurement the

whole of the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then and in fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall, in fcafe fuch Deficiency (hall amount to or exceed One Bufliel, pay the Expences of fuch Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency (nail not amount to One Bufliel, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchasers of fuch Coals.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Coals fold by herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to require Pool Meafure any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure to be meafured by the j®

Bufliel Meafure previoufly to fuch Coals being loaded and lent away

in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender’s pj^hafer. Wharf or Place of Sale, unlefs by the Defire of the Purchafer of any fnch Coals.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That all Coals fold or loaded to Coals fold by be fold as and for Wharf Meafure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Meafure Bu(hels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of tms £

Ad, (hall be meafured in the Prefence of One of the faid Labour- & t Lan<j coal rog Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, by the Meter.

Bufliel Meafure heaped up as by this Ad is direded, and the faid Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, (hall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bufliel or Bufliels of any fuch Coals as (hall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Meafure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Perfon or Perfons to vending or contrading for the Sale of the faid Coals, or fo loading any fuch Coals for Sale.

XXL And be it further enaded, That if any fuch Labouring Meters ruffering Coal Meter (hall wittingly or willingly fuller any Coals exceeding

Eight	*

186

66° GEO. III.

AJJ.uii

Ke&ion of Members.

Power to General Court to fill up Vacancies.

Committee may fofpend or remove Officers and Servants.

Officers to account, kc.

Officer not accounting or refilling to verify Accounts, Two Juflices of Peace may enquire thereof on Oath of Witnefles and levy Money remaining due from fuch Officer by Diftrefs.

of Dire&ort, (hall be decided by Vote; and in cafe of aolqub of Voices, the Prefident or Chairman (hall have the Cafting Voi fare and except in the Cafe of the Election of Memben, as bed mentioned.

XI. And be it further ena&td, That the Memben of the la Corporation, at a General Court, or the major Part of them pda at fuch General £ourt, (hall have Power from time to tiac, rx3i all times, to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies of Pitfidest, Ve Prefidents, Treafurers, Auditors, Dire&ors, Secretaries, Depeti Secretary and Chaplains, and appoint fuch other Officers, Strati and other Perfons, as they (hall think neceflary to employ fat tbt Purpofes, and in the Execution of this A6t; and from time to rat fufpend or remove all fuch Servants, or other Perfooi, or tar c either of them, as they (hall think fit, and appoint others bake Death, or fuch Sufpenfion or Removal; and may out of the Moan to be received for the Purpofes of this A61, make reafonableAllo* ances to all fuch Servants, and other Perfons, for their Seniors; and that all and every fuch Officers, and Servants, and other PerfoN of every Defcription, (hall from time to time, when thereunto rw^nredi by the laid Committee, or any Five or more of them, makeand reader to the faid Committee, or any Five or more of them, i true, end and perfeft Account in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, Monies which he, (he or they, and every of them refpeeWr, UL to that time have received, paid and difburfed, by virtueof tfeaM or by reafon of their refpe&ive Offices; and in cafeeyM«j(b received, (hall remain in their, or any of their Hindi, the dot fed be paid to the (aid Committee, or any Five or morr of tot, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the bat; ad in cafe any fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall not make od rate or (hall refufe to verify any fuch Account, or to make ay fab Payment as aforefaid, then any Two or more Juflices of the Poet for the County of M'tddUfex% or for the City of Zsaiss, or fe fuch County as the faid Society (hall for the time being be fitwfc in, (hall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of d concerning fuch Default in a fummary way, (u well by Cosfe&s of the Parties themfelves as by the Teflimony of One or imk credible Witnefs or Witnefles, upon Oath or Affirmation, wbich tk faid Juflices are hereby empowered and required to admmiik); d if it (hall appear to fuch Juflices, that any of the Monks that & have been received for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall ranis & from fuch Officer or Servant, fuch Juflices may, and are ber^t authorized and required, upon Non Payment thereof, by Wrns under their Hands and Seals, to caufe luch Money to be levied Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels ot fuch Officer or Servant; and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Officer or Serf can be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid Motet, * the Charges of diflraining and felling the faid Goods and Ctes*85' fuch Officer or Servant, or if it (hall appear to fuch Mic* fuch Officer or Servant fhall have refufed, orwilfuDy negkW® i render or give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as afatW or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that my Boob, Papers or Writings relating to the faid Corporation (hall be id tit Cuftody or Power pf fuch Officer or Servant, and he (hallbavr^ fiifed, or wilfully neglcded to deliver or give Sausfadko refpedsq

it

I.D. 1816.

StfGEO.lIL

Cm

T*9

I!onfumer, and thereupon he, (he orthey isand are hereby required to

>ay to the Seller named in fuch Ticket, the Metage therein fpecified,

lod if the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning fuch Ticket (hall Labouring Me-

ifter Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in purfuance of this tcr rcfufing to

(Va, retufe to deliver fuch Ticket as hereinbefore direded to the deliver Ticket to

barman or Perfon employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals arma“*

therein defcribed, fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

tuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not de-

Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall, after the fame Ticket (hall ^p^gc^et

have been fo delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- c a 1

terfigning the fame, either alter or neglect, or refufe to deliver the

fame Ticket to the Purchaser or Con turner therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who (hall attend to receive the Coals defcribed in

fuch Ticket, fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall forfeit and pay, for every penaity.

fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Wharfinger or Whai fingers Dealer in Coals (hall dire&ly or indire&ly give or offer, or caufe to be gw*’”* Bribes to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter Meters, or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals meafured by the Bufhel, or over and above the One Smiling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Principal or La- M*^” I#ctir“ bowing Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed purfuant to this AS, (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered a falfe or counterfeited Tickets. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Confumer, Carman or other Perfon, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, or (hall take or receive from auy Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals meafured by the Bufhel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, or if fuch Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter (h&U'WiUinely permit or fuffer to be made falfe Meafure of any Coals, or (hall deliver a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he (hall have not Seen meafured, or (nail counterfign any Vender’s Ticket for any Coals, without having infpe&ed fuch Coals, or without feeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, Stall have been firft completely emptied out of and loaded from fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.	Penaky.

XXV. And

739

56° GEO. IIL

AJD.1I16.

C.xx, xxi.

Addon (hall have arifen, and not elfcwhare; and the Defbdate: Defendants in fuch Adion or Actions, may plead the Goal

Psnenl Iffue. Iffue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter m Evidence, it ay Trial to be had thereupon, and that the (ame was done in primer and by the Authority of this Ad; and if .the (ame (hall appeartc have been fo done, or if fuch Adion or Suit (hall aot be breast within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in asy otter County or Place than aforefaid, then the Jury (hau find for tk Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffii (ball becnar nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of his, her or their Adisa or Anions, or if a Verdid (hall pafs again ft: the Plaintiff or Roe-tiffs* or if upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given igadth Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (ball hue Tnhh Co ft 8, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fast, a ty Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colb in other da by Law.

Public Aft.	XV.	And	be	it	further	ena&ed,	That	this	Aft	M	beteed

and taken to be a Public A61, and (hall be judicially takes Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufticcs and others, without being fpedaQy pleaded.

47 G. $. Seff«*-c*s68. § 78—9°-

Cap* xxi.

An Ad for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurenent teftfarr of Coals within the feveral Parifhes in the County tf lying between the Parifh of Saint Luke CMfea, uiAeMud of the River Colne, near Staines ; and alfo between Lmdm^S:!: and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackball; and & rib the feveral Pari(hes in the Counties of Middlefe* sad Efa agoing to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branco* thortct. between the River Thames and Edmonton.	[21ft Msj iMj

*	HEREAS by an Ad paffed in the Forty (eventh Year i 4 VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled A* JSjtt * 4pealing the feveral ABs for regulating the Fend aaiDthx]^ 4 Coals within the Cities of London ana Weftminfter, ad Lite 4 thereof and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlefci, Surrrr, 4 Kent, and Effex, and for making letter Provifim jot Atjat* 4 certain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed lor tk

*	Purpofe of admeafuring Coals within the City and Liberty d 4 Wtftminjlcr, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjoin^

*	{hereto, and for the feveral Parifhes of Smut Giles it tleFe& 4 Saint MaryAe-bone, and fuch Part of the Parilh of Smt Ate 4 Holborn, as is in the County of Middlefex ; and alfo for theGty 4 of London, and between Tower Dock and Ltnehouft

4 CoUnty of Middlefex ; and alfo for the feveral Parimet of $*•

*	Thorpe, Chertfey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, Wtf M*q<

4 Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Cp*»

4 Mitcham, Putney, Wandfworth, B afterfea, Lambeth, CkjfcW 4 Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, Jsauite 4 our9s, Saint Otave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mirj Mifi*1 4 Bermondfey, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County olStrm,

4 and certain Regulations were thereby made refpeddng the Vend cj 4 Delivery of Coals fold within the fame Phew rtfpe&mly: hi 4 Whereas the Regulations contained in the hid A& bw H 4 very beneficial to the Confamen of Coals tetfch

A. D. 1316*

56* GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

fuch cafe every fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds* XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Bufiiel (hall be kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurement of any Coals fold within the faid Port of London, or within the (aid refpe&ive Cities of London and Wejlminfier, or the refpe£tive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middle-fexy Surrey, Kent and EJfexy as is or are (ituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, which (hall not be fuch Bufiiel as is defcribed iu and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for the fpecdy and effeOual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Effex, and for afcer-taining the Coal Meafure, and which (hall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Weflmin-Jlery or at the Guildhall London, previoufiy to the fame being fo kept or ufed, and that every fuch Buihel, previoufiy to being fo damped or marked, (hall be fitted for Work and -Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, and (hall be fo damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every fuch Buihel (hall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making ufe of fuch Bufiiel all Coals (hall be duly heaped up in fuch Bufhel in the Form of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfide of the Bufiiel to be the Extremity of the Bafe of fuch Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals (hall confid of Thirty fix of fuch Bufiiels fo heaped, and fo in Proportion for any leffer Quantity ; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, (hall keep or make ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Bufiiel in the Admeafurement of any Coals other than fuch Bufiiel as aforefaid, and fo damped as aforefaid, or (hall in anywife decreafe or dimini(h any fuch Bufiiel damped as aforefaid, or (hall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, (hall make ufe of in admeafuring of any Coals any Bufiiel other than fuch Bufiiel as aforefaid damped as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoeyer (hall in any manner decreafe or diminifii any fuch Bufiiel damped as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Servant or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpe£ttvely for every fuch Offence (hall be committed to the Houfe of Corredion, by any One or more Judice or Judices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be difiatisfied with the Meafurement which Audi have been made of any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Warehoufe or

other

Penalty.

What Buihel Meafure to re made ufe of.

il Ann. Stat. 3. C.17. S ii, I** To be ftamped.

Vender, &r. ufing Buihel not (tamped.

Penalty.

Dimiokhing

Buihel

Imprifonment

Venders, &c of Coals fold as Wharf MeaTure, if d Satisfied, may hgve them remaafored.

740

C. xxi.

56* GEO. lift

Principal Meter appointed.

Hi* Majefty to appoint Principal Meter upoa any Vacancy.

Principal Coal Meter neglecting Duty.

Penalty.

Principal Meters nay be ra-eleCt-ed when their time expires.

Principal Land Coal Meter* to take an Oath

A.D. H16.

II.	And be it further enaded, That Abrahem Saderfa of th Parifh of Stepney, in the County of Mtddlefex, Gentleman Mbt, and is hereby nominated and appointed the Principal Land Coi) Meter for executing the Provifions of this Ad, and theMamgr of the feveral Offices to be provided as aforefaid (Care and except he (hall die or be removed from fuch Office by Hit Madly, b Heirs and Succeffors, which Removal His Majefty, hit Hein tsi Succeffors, is and are hereby empowered to make) until drM Day of June which (hall be in the Year of oor Lord One tkukd eight hundred and thirty feven ; and from thence to the End i tk then next Seffion of Parliament.

III.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe and whet ad» often as the faid Abraham Sanderfon, or any other Principal late Coal Meter to be from time to time appointed for the Psrpoid of this Ad (hall die, or (hall be incapable of ading in the Ekodm of his Office, or (hall be removed therefrom as aforefaid, ortbetnse limited for the Execution of fuch Office (hall expire, tba k foil be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeifon, to Donate and appoint any other Perfon as Principal Land Coil Meter k tbt Room or Stead of every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter who Hull die, be fo difmiffed, removed or be incapable of ading in the Execution of his Office, or whofe time limited for the Execntkn of b Office (hall expire, and fo toties quotici as often as anyfidk ak (hall happen; and every fuch Perfon fo to be nombtri or ip* pointed as aforefaid, (hall be, remain and continue Pracpl Jdrtrr for the Execution of this Ad, until the faid Firft Day of /«. One thoufand eight hundred and thirty feven, uoldsfeBk fboner removed or be incapable of ading in the Execntkn of b Office.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Judices of the Peace for the County of Middbfc*, in Geaoal or Quarter Seffions affembled, and they are hereby authorized ud required to inquire into, and bear and determine any Compbot of Fraud or Misbehaviour, of the Principal Land Coal Meter far the time being for the Execution of this Ad, in the fame mm a they are by Law authorifed to inquire into, hear and deterroine Mi:-demeanors ; and if fuch Principal Coal Meter (hall be found ph of any Fraud, Negled or Miibehaviour, he (hall forfeit md pay fo the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and SucocOors, fuch Fix a fuch Court, before whom fuch Complaint (hall be made, Hull W fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; together with fuch Codt a fuch Court (hall think proper to award and dired, and fuch Pm-cipal Coal Meter (hall be liable to be removed as hereinbefore sectioned.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That whene?er the for which anv fuch Principal Land Coal Meter (hall hrc ke appointed (hall expire, then and in fuch cafe nothing herein cafiati (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder or pmtf. n fuch Principal Land Coal Meter, whofe Term limited for tlx locution of his Office (hall fo expire, from being renomMni * reappointed to his Office of Principal Meter.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That no Perfon (ball be cap»b of ading as Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Execution of tk Ad, until he (hall have taken and fubferibed before Two or*

t

A.D.1T816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xjLu

753

I

I

t-' I i ir

r-

t*





to any Penalty or Penalties in oeiped thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithffanding.

XXXI* And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders Venders to d*-of» or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and lent as and for Wharf liver Tickets of Meafure, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within the faid Port	w ur<*

of London, or within the faid refpe&ive Cities of London or Weft* minfter, or the rqfpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent or EJfex, as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or caufe to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perlon (hall and is required to deliver or caufe to be delivered, the fame Ticket fo received from fuch Vender to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or	&

other Carnage, (hall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every fuch Ticket or Paper (hall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER’S TICKET.

h fHere infert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice'*

*	that you are to receive herewith [Here infert the Number \

*	Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, [Here infert the

*	Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, JTHere

* infert the Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals j ‘ and that by an Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Third, the Carman is direded to deliver this

*	Ticket, before he {hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-‘ gon, and that a Bufhel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by

*	which the Carman is direded to meafure gratis (under the Penalty

*	of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack whicn

<	the Purchafer or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

*	Three Bufhels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outfide of

*	the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof* C. D>

1 [Here infert the Name of the Vender.] E. F, [Here infert the Name

*	of the Labouring Meter, in cafe of the Goals being fentfrom within

*	either of the DiftriQs of the faid rejhedive Offices•] Dated [Here

<	infert the Day of the Months and the Month arid Tear when fuch

*	Ticket was fgnedjy

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders fhall not deliver, or caufe Vender not <fe* to be delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Purchafer or Pur- liverin8 Ticket, chafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, every fuch Vender or Venifers fhall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of or other Perfon Peniity. attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden wkh any Carman noc de-fuctwCoals aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket fhall nave been given by to Pur. or by the Diredion of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the fhaOrT Purchafer, fhall (having fo firft received the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Vender’s Orders) refufe or negled to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Buver or Buyers of luch Coals, or 56 Gao. III.	3	C	to

^74*

Mot attending.

Penalty.

Labouring Meter* fubje£t to the Controul of

Jufticcs.

Coal Meters not to be interefted in the Ssle of Coda.

Penalty on Principal Meter. Penalty on Deputy Meter.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Vender or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship’* Certificate.

C.xxi.	56°	GEO. III.	AJD.1S16

Warehoufe or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attain of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehoufe* other Place to be named in fuch Notice, for the Purpofc of me furinjg or to fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Du required of Labouring Meters by this Aft, (hall be given a tl Office of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter; and fuen Laboara Coal Meter or Meters (hall not attend purfuant to any fuch Sobc within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the (kr, a% do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaner el this Aft, then and in every (uch cafe every fuch LaboonBg Cal Meter, and the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, (hall for fiery fed Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X.	And be it further enafted. That each and every Labourr Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the Principal Lacd Col Meter, for the Execution of this Aft, (hall be fubjeft to the Power, Jurifdiftion and Controul of the laid Joffices of the Pace lor the County of Mtddlefcxt or for the County of EJex9 witb their nr-fpeftive Jurifdiftions, in General or Quarter Semons afleobW, ud mall and maybe difmiffed and fufpended by fuch General or Quarter Seffions refpeftively, from the Execution and Emoluments of their faid refpeftive Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Negleft or other Mifbenaviour in the Management or Ex?• cution thereof, all which Complaints (hall and may be beard icd determined by the faid Courts in a fummary Way.

XI.	Provided always, aud be it further enafted, That ff the Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Perfons to t* essayed under him, (hall at any time or times hereafter, during \k at as refpeftive Continuance in Office or Employment as dbrrfad, be direftly or indireftly interefted or concerned in the Sale of itrCali whatfoever, otherwife than in the Difcharge of hit or their fas! re-fpeftive Offices, fuch Principal Land Coal Meter fo oflbdi*g M. for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One badrtd Pounds, and fuch Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coal Mete refpeftively, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the $aa of Fifty rounds, and being thereof refpeftively conrided before the faid Court of Quarter Seffions for the faid County of Mii&jn or EJfex (according to the Jurifdiftion), (hall be diunzfTedfroaki or their laid refpeftive Office or Employment, and be for ever It j abled from holding or executing the fame or any otWonbuH Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all Coals wbatfoew, Id and to be fent in anyfWaggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, fa any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place or Places within the Links cl this Aft, and alfo all Coals whatfoever fold and to be fest by Gar Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Dm Meter (hall be ft&tioned, fituate within fuch Limits or Diftrid, Mi previoufly to fuch Coals being fo fent away, be carefully urfpe&d and examined by the Principal or One of the Labourhg Lad Col Meters, in order that fuch Principal or Labouring Land Coal Mai may fee and be fatisfied that fuch Coals (in cafe of fucb CoabboJ fent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage!* are of the $d or Defcription mentioned in the Ticket or iTcxets by this Afl direfted to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every vJ ders and Vender of fuch Coqfc to the Purchafer or PorcbMf

thereof.

A.D. 1816<

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

7 55

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Pur-chafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, (hall be diflatisfied with the Meafure of any Coals fold or to be delivered within the Limits of this A&, or of the faid recited Ad, and fent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, fhall fignify to the Carman, or other Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Defire to have the Coala contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of fuch Coals remeafured, then and in every fuch cafe the Carman or Driver of fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which fuch Coals fhall be brought, fhall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the Houfe, Lodging or other Premifes of the Pur-chafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, with fuch Qoals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, until fuch Coals are remeafured; and if any fuch Carman or Driver fhall drive away, or permit or fpffer to be driven away, any fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein fhall be remeafured, without the Confent of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in eveiy fuch cafe fuch Carman or Driver fhall, for every fhch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded. That fuch Purchafer or Pur-chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, fo defiring fuch Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-meafured, fhall, and he, fhe or they is and are hereby required to fend or caufe to be fent to the Vender or Venders of the faid Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehoufe or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the faid Coals are to be remeafured, and fuch Purchafer or Purchafer#, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, fhall, and he, fhe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the faid recited Ad, of his, her or their Defire to have fuch Coals remea-

Coals fent by Land Carriage to be remeafured if defired by the Purchafer.

Carman driving away before Re. meafuremenv

Penalty.'

Purchafers to . fend Notice to Meter's Office, if defirous to have Coals remeafured.

fared, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring MeJ

Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or of the faid recited ter to attend. .

Ad, (not being the Meter under whofe Infpedion the faid Coals

were originally meafured,) (hall within the Space of Two Hours

next after fuch Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any fuch

Principal Land Coal Meter aforefaid, attend from fuch Office where

fuch Notice (hall be fb left at the Houfe, Lodgings or other Premifes

of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers as (hall be exprefied in fuch Notice,

for the Purpofe of reroeafuring the faid Coals, and (hall accordingly

remeafure the fame in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders, and

Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, or of his, her or their

Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them (hall

attend to fee the fame remeafured; and in cafe fuch Vender qr Vender or Pur#

Venders, or Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Agent or duffer not si-

Servant, Agent# or Servants, (hall not attend for the Purpofe of

feeing fuch Coals fo remeafured, then fuch Meter (hall proceed on pr^Jd™ay

the measuring of fuch Coals in his, her or their Abf#nce, and fuch *

Meter (hall, and be is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, to remeafure fuch Coals either by the diftind Sacks,, fp as to afeertain the Cpntents pf each par-

3 Q	ticular

C. XSl.

66* GEO. in.

A.D.1816.

Tee for Rentes-furemeot.

If Deficiency tppew.

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Me* ter.

Penalty on Coal Port en.

Penalty on Vender in proportion to Deficiency.

How far no Re-iHcaturement if snore than One back ftioU

ticular Sack of fuch Coals which fhall remain in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or elfe to Hririeafure fuch Coals in fuch manner, and fo as to afcertain the rfhole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and in cafe the Purchafer or Purcbafer* of fuch Coals (hall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of fuch Meter fignify or caufe to be figntfied to fuch Meter his or their Option or Defire as to which of the faid Two Ways he or they would wifh fuch Remeafurement to be taken or made in, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Meter fhall proceed to remeafure fuch Cosh in fnch manner, and fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for fuch Re-meafarement fuch Purchafer or Purchafers fhall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of and fro® the Office to which Notice fhall have been fent as aforefasd. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured; and in cafe, upon the Remeafurement of any fuch Coals which fhall be fo remeafured as to afcertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it (hall appear to the Meter fo remeafuring the fame, that any Sack or Sacks of fuch Coals fhall not contain Three Bufhels, then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals fhall for every Sack of Coals that fhall be fo found deficient on fuch Remeafurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in cafe upon the Remeafurement of any fucn Coals as afbrefaid which fall be remeafured in fuch manner as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the fame fhall have been, fent taken together, it fhall appear to fuch Meter as afoiefad thaf the Coals thus remeafured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if fuch laft mentioned Coals fhall haw been fold as and for Wharf Meafure, the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals fhall forfeit and pay for every Bufhel of Coals found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and alfo forfeit every Chaldron of Coals fo found deficient or wanting in Meafure to and for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh where luch Coals fhall be fo remeafured, and the Labouring Meter tinder whofe InfpedBon the Coals were firft meafured fhall, for every Bufhel fo deficient, forfeit and par the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who fhall fore firft meafured fuch Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof fhall, for every Bufhel of Coals fo wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Tv* Shillings and Sixpence; but if any fuch Coals fo remeafured in tbr manner laft mentioned, and fo found to amount to left than tie Quantity for which the fame were fold fhall have been fold as and for Pool Meafure, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals fhall, n cafe fuch Deficiency fhall exceed Four Bufhels, and not exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, forfet and pay for every Bufhel of Coals fo found deficient in every fork Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings*; and it cafe fuch Deficiency fhall exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldroas and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch cafe fuch Vender* Venders of fuch Coals fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Bufhd fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum i Five Pounds: Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Coals fo fold as! fent fhall be remeafured fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fuchl Coals taken together, after more than One Sick of fuch Coals fhsl have been foot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Co

It	rug*

a xxi.

. 757

riage into or upon the Premifea of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftahding.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if upon fuch Remea-furement of any Coals fold and fent as and for Pool Meafure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeafurement /hall hare been made in fuch manner as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found to be lefs or more than at the Rate of Three Bu/hels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks fpecified in the Vender’s Ticket of fuch Coals, then the Meter who counterfigned fuch Vender’s Ticket of fuch Coals /hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency or Excels /hall exceed Four Bu/hels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of fuch Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every fuch Bu/hel Co exceeding or fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the fum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if Upon any fuch Remeafurement, which (hall be fo made fo as to afcer-tain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks fent taken together, of any fucL Coals fold and fent as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, the whole of fuch Coals fo remeafured fhall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals, in cafe fuch Deficiency /hall amount to or exceed One Bu/hel, repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of fuch Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency /hall not amount to One Bu/hel, then fuch Expences /hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purdiafers of iuch Coals; and if upon any fuch Remeafurement, which /hall be made fo as to afcertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks fent, of airy Coals fold as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure it /hall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Nun> ber of the Sacks of fuch Coals fold and fent to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bu/hels each refpedively, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals /hall repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of the Remeafurement thereof; but if the Number of fuch particular Sacks fo found deficient /hall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of fuch Coals fo fold and fent, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences /hall Ibe paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That after any fuch Notice as by this Aft dire&ed /hall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchafer or Purcha/ers, at any of the faid Principal Land Meter’s Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or the faid recited Ad, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of fuch Offices, for the Purpofe of remeafuring any Coals, fold eitner for Wharf or Pool Meafure, theu, and in every fuch cafe, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of fuch re-fpedive Office or Offices, where fuch Notice /hall have been given or fent, is and are hereby authorized and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or refp$dive Offices, for the Purpofe of making the Remeafurement, and fuch refpedive Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter /hall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeafure any fuch Coals which they or be /hall be fo lent to remeafure, whether the Purchaler or Purchafers

3 C 3	of

In cafe of any Coals fold for Pool Meafure proving deficient on fuch Reroea-furtmeot.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the. Expences of fuch Remeafurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to meafure the Coals.

7*8

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Upon Notice,

Or Labouring Meter not attending.

Penalty. Purchafer ob-ftrufting Re-mealurement.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid for being kept.

Regulations as to Coals fold by Weight.

Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, &c.

In what cafe Meter to countersign Ticket.

of fuch Coals (hall, or not, be defirous of having fuch Remeafare-ment proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary not-withftanding; and if any fucn Principal Land Coal Meter or Mctm, appointed by or by virtue of this Aft, or the faid recited Ad, after having received any fuch Notice as aforefaid, (hall negleft or refufe, within the Space of Two Hours after the Receipt of fuch Notice, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the Houfe, Lodging or other Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers accordingly; or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters (hall refufe or negled to remeafure fucn Coals, then, and in every fuch cafe, any fuch Pro-cipal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Laud Coil Meter or Meters, fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit nd pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or any other Perfon or Perfons, (haH prevent, ob-ftruft or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any fuch Remeaforeraeat being proceeded in and made by fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, fent by any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in cos-fequence of any fuch Notice, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch Pnr-chafer or Purchafers, or other Perfon or Perfons, fo offending, ihH for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Pounds.	’

XXXIX. Provided always, and he it further enaded, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage (hall be (lopped or detained for the Purpofe or under Pretence o? readme* furing the Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every fad Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, (hall he entitled to the Sum of Three Shiflings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart (hall be fo detained, and fo in proportion for any Fraftion of an Hour over usd above the ufual Cartage of fuch Coals, which Three Shillings^ Hour (hall be paid by the Vender of the faid Coals, in cafe the fan* or any Part thereof (hall upon the Remeafurement thereof be fourd deficient in Meafure, or by the Purchafer of fuch Coals, in cafe the fame (hall not he remeafured, or (hall upon fuch Remeafurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which fuch Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further enafted, That all Coals which fhall be fold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place wish the Limits of this Aft, and to be fent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, (hall be fold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight con-fifling of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoife Weight, and Twenty fuch Hundred Weight (hall be and he deemed and taken to be One Ton ; and all fuch Coals fo to be fold (hall be weighed and loaded at fuch Wharf or Warehoufe or other Place of Sale, u the Prefence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be appointed purfuant to this Aft, and fuch Labouring Meter is hereby authorised and required to fuperintend and infpeft the weighing and loading et all fuch Coals fo fold by the Weight, in order Uiatfuch Meter may fee and be fatisfied that in every fuch loading the full Weight of Coals is aftually given, which (hall he expreffed in tbe Vender’s Ticket, and fuch Meter may refufe to counterfign the Vender’} Ticket of any fuch Coals, in cafe fuch Meter (half not fee that tbe full and proper Weight (hall be given, according to the Quantity which (hall he expreifed in fuch Vender’s Ticket, but fuch Meter (hall, and he is hereby required to counterfign the fame, in cafe tk

proper

AJX181&

58° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

759

proper Weight' (hall be given according to fuch Quantity of* Coals exprefied in fuch Vender’s Ticket; and for fuch Infpfe&ion of fuch Coals lb fold by Weight there (hall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by-the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-, houfe or other Place from whence fuch Coals (hall be fent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this. Ad,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fo weighed under the Meter’s In-. Fee to Principal fpe&ion, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and fuch Sum of Money (hall be repaid to fuch Vender or Venders by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XLL And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders. Vender’! Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals fo fold by Weight within the, to be fent with Limits of this Ad, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the Pur- fold by chafer or Purchafers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- Wels vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which fuch Coals (hall be fent, and before any of fuch Coals (hall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following ; that is to fay,

4 J^TR. A. 19. [Here infert the Name of the Buyer.] Take Notice,

1 That you are to receive herewith [Here infert the Number]

4 Tons [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, for infpeding which 1 Coals you are, in conformity to an Ad of Parliament made in the 1 Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay 4 me the underfigned [Here infert the Name of the Seller] the Sum 4 of [Here infert the Amount of the InfbcQion Charge] being at and 1 after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold to and to be	’	'	r

4 received by you herewith.’

( Signed)	C. D. [Here infert the Name of the Setter A

(Counterfigned) E. F. [Here infert the Name of the Meter.]

And in cafe fuch Vender or Venders do not deliver, or caufe to be Vender not de-delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid, and fo counterfigned by a Meter livering Ticket, as aforefaid, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals are unloaded, every fuch Vender (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; and in cafe the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Perlon attending any fuch Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any fuch Coals to whom any fuch del£crir'?j.ame Ticket (hall have been given by or- by the Orders of the Vender, UIC a er‘ in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall (having fo firft re-* ceived the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Direction of the Vender) refufe or neglect to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be unloadedf fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all .Coals Cculs to be fcld whatfoever fold within the Limits of this A&, fave and except only either by fuch Coals as (hall be fold by Weight in manner aforefaid, (hall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, fuch Chaldron to confiff of Thirty fix jj‘en^j‘*ldr011 ® of fuch Bufliels fo heaped up as aforefaid, or elfe by fuch Buihel as u aforefaid, or by the Half Buihel, Peck or-Half Peck, provided fuch fmaller Ivteafure (hall be fome aliquot Part of fuch Bufhel Meafure, any thiag herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

3 C 4	XLI1I.	Pro-

GxxL

56s GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Vender notde. livering a Meter** Ticket with Wharf Meafure Coals.

Penalty.

Sack* to be foaled aud ranked.

DimenGons of 8ecks.

Vender, Itc. tiling Sacks not fealed, Icc. and not of proper 'DimenGons.

Penalty.

Piovifo.

Meter permitting Sacks to be ufed of too fmall Dimenfigns*

XXV.	And be it further rafted. Hut if any Quantity whatever of Coals exceeding Eight Bufhels fold, or to be fold, as and far Wharf Meafure, (hall be feat or driven in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wind, Warehouse or Place, fitoate within the Limits of this Aft, witboa having been meafured by fuch Bufhel Meafure as it direfted and de-fcribed by the faid recited Aft, or without fuch Meter’s Ticket a aforefaid fo figned and couoterfigned as aforefaid baaing been firi obtained, or if fuch Ticket as aforefaid fhall not be delivered to the Pure loafer or Purchafers of any fuch Coals, before any Part of fodi Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premifes of fuch Purchafcr or Purchafers, then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals fhall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Ssa not exceeding Ten Pounds..

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That no Sack fhall be nod ufe of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Baige or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place witbis the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpeftive Cities of Lm-don and Weftmtnfter, or the refpeftive Liberties thereof, or withh fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpeftive Counties of Middltfa Surrey, Kent and EJfcx* as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except fuch Sack flail be made of Linen, and fhall have been firft fealed and marked with White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Wejlminjler, by the proper Officer there, and fhall at the time of making ufe of fuch Sack meafure in the Infide thereof it leaft Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Feet and Ose Inch in Breadth ; and no Sack (hall be fealed or marked which flufl not, at the time of the marking or fealing thereof, meafure in th$ In-fide thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, fhall ufe, or caufe to be ufed, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coal* within the feveral and refpeftive Cities, Liberties and Parts aforefaid, not fealed or marked as aforefaid, or of lefs Length at the time of ufing the fame than Four Feet and Two Inches at the kaft, tn the Infide thereof, or of lefs Breadth than Two Feet and One loch at the lead, in the Infide thereof, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals, mail for every foch Sack fo unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit tad pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lefs than Twenty Shillings ; and the Jtiftice or Juftices before whom fuch Conviftioo fhall take place (hall caufe every fuch Sack found unmarked or deficient, either in Length or Breadth, to be deftroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Ufe of fuch Sacks $ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter to be appointed purfuant to this Aft, fhall ufe, or knowingly permit or fuffer any Sack or Sacks to be made nfe of for the peafuring or carrying of Coals, of lefs DimenGons than fuch Sacks as are direfted to be ufed for that Purpofe by this Aft, at any Jplace or Places within the Limits of this Aft, then and ip every

56* GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

'uch cafe every fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch D (Fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enadted, That no Bufhel (hall be kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurexnent of any Coals fold within the laid Port of London, or within the laid refpe&ive Cities of London and WtfiminRcr, or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middle-fen, Surrey, Kent and Ejfex, as is or are fituate within the Didance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, which lhall not be fuch Bufhel as is defcribed in ana by an Adi made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 for the fpeedy and ejfedual pre/erving of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by fopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Efiex, andfor afcer-taining the Coal Meafure, and which (hall not have been firit damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at We/lmin-fler, or at the Guildhall London, previoully to the fame being fo kept or ufed, and that every fuch Bufhel, prenoufly to being fo (lamped or marked, (hall be fitted for Work and Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, and (hall be fo damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every fuch Bufhel (hall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making ufe of fuch Bufhel all Coals (hall be duly heaped up in fuch Bufhef in the Form of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfide of the Bufhel to be the Extremity of the Bafe of fuch Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals (hall confid of Thirty fix of fuch Bufhels fo heaped, and fo in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity ; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, (hall keep or make ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Bufhel in the Admeafurement of any Coals other than fuch Bufhel as aforefaid, and fo damped as aforefaid, or (hall in anywife decreafe or diminifh any fuch Bufhel damped as aforefaid, or (hall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, (hall make ufe of in admeafuring of any Coals any Bufhel other than fuch Bufhel as aforefaid damped as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoeyer (hall in any manner decreafe or diminifh any fuch Bufhel damped as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Servant or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively for every fuch Offence (hall be committed to the Houfe of Corre&ion, by any One or more Judice or Judices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be diffatisfied with the Meafurement which (hall have been made of any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Warehoufe or

other

Penalty.

What Bufhel Meafure to »*• made ufe of.

ia Ann. Stat. 1. c.17. §11, is-To be damped.

Vender, 8cc. ufing Bufhel nefe damped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

Bufhel

Imptifonment.

Venders, of Coals fold as Wharf Meafure, if dfflatiefied, may hgve them retneafbrtd.

C.xxi.

56* GEO. III.

Mot attending.

Penalty.

Labouring Meters fubjeft to the Coutroul of Juft ices.

Coal Meters not to be mterefted In the Ssle of Coals.

Penalty on Principal Meter. Penalty on Deputy Meter.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Vender or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship's Certificate.



Warehoufe or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attends of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Wareboufe other Place to be named in fuch Notice, for the Purpofc of tnt Turing or to fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Dr required of Labouring Meters by this Aft, (hall be gi?eB a d Office of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter; and fuch Labors Coal Meter or Meters (hall not attend purfuant to any foci STs6c within the Space of Two Hours from the giving of the fast, a* do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Mo&ag oi this Aft, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Labouring C«1 Meter, and the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, (hall for every kb Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X* And be it further enafted. That each and every Laiourrc Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the Principal Laud CaJ Meter, for the Execution of this Aft, (hall be fubjeft to the Power, Jurifdiftion and Controul of the (aid Juft ices of the Peace for the County of Middlefex, or for the County of EJe*, with their ns ipeftive Jurifdiftions, in General or Quarter Semons afohW, cd (hall and maybe difmiffed and fufpended by fuch General or Qwter Seffions refpeftively, from the Execution and Emoluments 5 tbcj faid refpeftive Offices, on Complaint and Proof of any Fraad, Dr-fault, Negleft or other Mifbehaviour in the Management or locution thereof, all which Complaints (hall and may be hard md determined by the faid Courts m a fummary Way.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, flat if tie hid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Perfons to be en^oyd under him, (hall at any time or times hereafter, during b* aria refpeftive Continuance in Office or Employment as afcrdsA, be direftly or indireftly interefted or concerned m the Sale of aarCml* whatfoever, otherwife than in the Difcharge of his or their ted rr» fpeftive Offices, fuch Principal Land Coal Meter fo oftndiig £b0, j for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One bsfti Pounds, and fuch Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Cod Met* refpeftively, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and par tie Sol of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof refpeftively conriaed befog the faid Court of Quarter Seffions for the faid County of Mid&fti or EJfex (according to the Jurifdiftion), (hall be diuni&dfoa or their laid refpeftive Office or Employment, and be for ever it abled from holding or executing the fame or any other aider tia Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all Coals wbatfoeier, fod and to be fent in any|Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, fooq any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place or Places within the Limits s this Aft, and alfo all Coals whatfoever fold and to be (cat by Gal Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where mylw Meter (hall be (Utioned, iituate within fuch Limits or DifkriftH previoufly to fuch Coals being fo fent away, be carefully ufr&l and examined by the Principal or One of the Labourite LmACoj Meters, in order that fuch Principal or Labouring Land Coil M«s may fee and be fatisfied that fuch Coals (in cafe of fuch Coalsbes fent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage V are of the Sa or Defcription mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Adi direfted to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vf* ders and Vender of fuch Cods to the Purchafer or Porcbea

thereof

753

A.O.me.	se° geo. hi.	c-nfu

to any Penalty or Penalties in aefpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfhmding.

XXXI* And be it further enafted, That the Vender or Venders Venden to d*. of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and fent as and for Wharf liver Tickets of Meafure, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or	*7	__

from any Wharf, Warehoufe or otner Place within the faid Port	** u

of London, or within the faid refpeftive Cities of London or Wef* tninJUr9 or the rgfpeftive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpeftive Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent or EJenf as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchasers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or caufe to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perion (hall and is required to deliver or caufe to be delivered,	v

the fame Ticket fo received from fuch Vender to the Purchafer or Purchafer* of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or	3*x

other Carnage, (hall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every fuch Ticket or Paper (hall be in the Words and Form following s

VENDER’S TICKET.

4 jyj R. A. B* [Here infert the Name of the Buyer] Take Noticed 4 that you are to receive herewith \Hcre infert the NumberJ

*	Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, [Here infert the 4 Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the'] Coals, f Here 4 infert the Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals j

*	and that by an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign

*	of King George the Third, the Carman is direfted to deliver this 4 Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-‘ gon, and that a Buftiel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by

*	which the Carman is direfted to meafure gratis (under the Penalty

*	of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

*	the Purchafer or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

*	Three Bufiiels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outfide of

*	the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof. C. Dm 4 f Here infert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. £Here infert the Name 4 of the Labouring Meter, in cafe of the Coals being fent from within 4 either of the DtJlriSs of the faid reJheQive Offices.] Dated [ Here 4 infert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear when fuch 4 Ticket wasfgned.]*

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders (hall not deliver, or caufe Vender not <te-to be delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Purchafer or Pur- ll»tr*wf Ticket, chafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Vender or Ven4ers (hall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of or other Perfon Penalty, attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carman not de-fuctwCoab aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket (bill have been given by j^ke? to Purer by the Direftion of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the du£eu Purchafer, (hall (having fo. firft. received the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Vender’s Orders) rsfufe or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Buyer or Buyers of luch Coals, or 56 Gso. III.	3	C	to

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.111^

Wharfinger, Sec.

obftru&ing

Meter.

Penalty.

Pool Meafure Coala when Tent by Waggon.

Form of the Vender's Ticket to be fent therewith.

cording to the beft of fuch MeterV Jadgfatent, that any Sack or Sacks ufed in loading any fuch Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bufhels of Coals, or in cafe fuch Meter (hall obferve that anj fuch Coals fold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, mall not in fad be taken out of fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold or to be fold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in fuch particular Room or Rooms (hill sot be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in every fuch cafek M and may be lawful to and for fuch Meter to refufe to comtersgs the Ticket or Tickets by this Ad direded to be delivered by or <n the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of &ich Coals to thr Purchafer or Purchasers thereof $ and if any Wharfinger, Coal Ports or other Perfon or Perfons, (hall in any manner ob&rud, binds or prevent fuch Meter in or from the Performance of any focb Duty or Duties fo required of fuch Meter by this Ad, then and in citrj fuch cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fucb Ofocr, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Vesta or Vender of, or Dealers or Dealer in any Coals fold, fent or takes away, as and for -Pool Meafure from any Ship, Veflid, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Ad, and to be delivered to the Par. chafer or Purchafers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon or other Car-riage, (hall, and be, (he and they is and are hereby required to debar, or caufe to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchafer or Pucbafa of fuch Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, beta ay Pat of the Coals contained in fuck Cart, Waggon or other CaimgtM be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every fuch Ticket or Piptr UL be in the Words and Form following :

AIR. A. B. [Here tnfert the Name of the Purchafer] Tike Notice, that you are to receive herewith [ Here tnfert the AW her"] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, [Hen aftrt the Number’] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals [Htrt tnfert the Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, for infpeding the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, oo the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an Ad of Parbaaeot, made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay the underfigned E. F. [Here tnfert the None sj I the Vender] the Sam of [Here tnfert the Amount of the Cmfeo-fation direffed by this A3 to be riven to fuch Principal Meter j* the InfbeBion of fuch Coals, calculating the fame as by tbit At direded] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat fold to, and to be received by you herewith; and by the fame Ad this Ticket is direded to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are (hot out of the Ckzt or Waggon, and that a Bu(hel Meafure is in fuch Cart orWagr®, by which the Carman is direded to meafure gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which the Purchafer, or his Servant or Servants may reauire,wbck Sack is to contain Three Bufhels heaped up in the Form of i Cone, the Height of fuch Cone to be at lead Six Inches, sad the Outfide of the Meafure to be the Extremity of the Bafe of . fuch Cone, and, that in cafe of your being diflatisfied with the Coals now fent, you are entitled by the fame Ad to haw tk

«fame

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

755

XX3CIV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any Pur- Coal* Tent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, Shall Land Carriage be diffatisfied with the Meafure of any-Coals fold or to be deli- jf defircTby'the vered within the Limits of this Aft, or of the faid recited Aft, and purchafcr/ lent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

/hall Signify to the Carman, or other Perfon attending fuch Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, his, her or their Defire to have the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of fuch Coals remeafured, then and in every fuch cafe the Carman or Driver of fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which fuch Coals {hall be brought, (hall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the Houfe, Lodging or other Premifes of the Pur-chafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, with fuch Qoals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until fuch Coals are remeafured; and Carmm driving if any fuch Carman or Driver (hall drive away, or permit or fpffer before Re-to be driven away, any fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- meafurenQenK fore the Coals contained therein (hall be remeafured, without the Confent of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in evenr fuch cafe fuch Carman or Driver (hall, for every filch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted. That fuch Purchafer or Pur- Purchafers to , chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, fo defiring fuch fend Notice to Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re- ^eGrou^u^^ meaftired, (hall, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required tp fend have*Coals re-or caufe to be fent to the Vender or Venders of the laid Coals, or meafured. to his, her or their Wharf, Warehoufe or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the faid Coals are to be remeafured, and fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, (hall, and he, ihe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Aft, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the faid recited Aft, of his, her or their Defire to have fuch Coals remeafured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring M«J Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Aft, or of the faid recited ter to attend. Aft, (not being the Meter under whofe lnfpeftion the faid Coa)s were originally meafured,) (hall within the Space of Two Hours next after fuch Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter afore&id, attend from fuch Office where fuch Notice (hall be fi> left at the Houfe, Lodgings or other Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers as (hall be expreUed in fuch Notice, for the Purpofe of reipeafuring the faid Coals, and (hall accordingly remeafure the fame in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them (hall attend to fre the fame remeafured; and in cafe fuch Vender or Vender or Par-Vendere, or Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Agent or chaffr not ai-Servant* Agents or Servants, (hall not attend for the Purpofe of feeing fuch Coals £o remeafured, then fuch Meter (hall proceed on the tfieafuring of fuch Coal9 in his, her or their Abf<?nce, and fuch - J Meter fhall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, to remeafure fuch Coals either by the diftinft Sacks,, fp 3s to afeertain the Contents pf eaf h par-

3 C 2*	ticular

C. XXL

56° GEO. lit

AJUS1

the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchafers of Coals Cent by Water may nave the fame remeafured, in cafe Fraud be fuf-pefted.

Lighterman, ftc. not leaving Lighter for that Purpofe.

Penalty on the Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman. Notice of re-meafuring by Purchafer, and thereupon Me* ter to attend.

or Purchafer* /hall appoint, (provided fuch Landag Place or ] mifes be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter /hall by of this Aft be ftationed) or from having fuch Coals unloaded a livered at fuch Premifes or Landing Place, either by Gang 1 or in any other manner, except in or by Meant of any Cart, gon or other Land Carriage, without the Prefence, Iotemstu^j Xnfpeftion of any Land Meter, and without being fubjeft or to the Payment of any Sum or Sum* of Money whatfoewr to m Land Meter for or in nefpeft of fuch Coal*; but in cafe fuchLiadqj Place /hall be within the Limit* of this Aft, and fuch Pardderte Purchafer* (hall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Man) then he, /he or they /hall have and be entitled to fuch Attndnfli upon fending Notice of fuch hi*, her or their Defire to the hid ftifl eipal or any other Land Meter’s Office appointed by virtue of dl Aft ; and in fuch cafe fuch Purchafer or Purchafen ihaflpayai be charged for the Attendance of fuch Meter, at and after til aforefaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons md OaeV* of fuch Coal*.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Pnrtbafir of ay Coal* fold and fent to fuch Purchafer by any Lighter, Barge orotkf Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Aft, or of the fat recited Aft, /hall think or fufpeft that the full and lawful Mnfaesf any fuch Coals has not been fent, and /hall, before tfeLgkenni or other Perfon having the Care or Management of fad Lighter, Barge or other Craft /hall have delivered up to the Panhd3, or ts his, her or their Servant, fuch Lighter, Barge or aricrCafc,md quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk mall be bcokad fad Coals, fignify hi* or her Defire to have fuch Coal* remained, &ei and in every fudi cafe the Lighterman or other Perfon fax viflkds Lighter, Barge or Craft in which the faid Coals /kaQbebnwk, Zhafi either continue at the Landing Place or Premifes of thr to* chafer of the faid Coals, with the faid Lighter, Bam or ether Crrft, until fuch Coals are remeafured, or /hall leave fuch Lighter, Bate or other Craftfproperly fattened and made fecure at fuchLaadiag Fin or Premifes, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the faaefeta remain there until fuch Coals are remeafured, under the Panfry of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shdfagi m the Lighterman or other Perfon fent with fuch Lighter, Bap or other Craft; and the faid Purchafer /hall immediately fend orettfc to be fent to the Vender of the faid Coals, or to his or bar Wfaf, Notice in Writing that the faid Coals are going to beifmafai, and alfo fend Notice in Writing thereof to any One of the Oioet of the Land Coal Meters appointed by or by virtue of tbs Ad,* by the faid recited Aft, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or ok d the Labouring Meters for the Execution of this Aft or the tit-cited A ft, as the cafe may be (not being the Meter under visit b-fpeftion any fuch Coals may have been originally loaded) !*«*> Two Hours next after fuch Notice in Writing left at the Ok «f any fuch Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Aft, or the faid recited Aft, attend from fuch Office where fuch Notice /hall be fo left to remeafure the faid Coals, and /hall accordsgb* meafure the fame with the Bn/hel Meafure in the Preface«tk Vender and Purchafer of the faid Coals, or their Agent* or Senxft if any of them /hall attend for the Purpofe of feeing fuch Cod*

15	meafsti;

A. D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

Cni.

747

meafured $ and in cafe it (hall appear upon the Remeafurement of	Deficiency *p-

fuch Coals by fuch Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as (hall at-	®

tend for die Purpofe of remeafuring of fuch Coals, that fuch Coals rQPorU011, do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Coals have been fold as and for Pool Mea-fure, the Vender of fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Four Bufhels and not exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every Bufhel of Coals fo found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch cafe fuch Vender of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Bufhel fo found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and lhall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof $ but in cafe any fuch Coals fo remeafured and found deficient (hall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Meafure, then and in fuch cafe the Vender of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every Bu(hel fo found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and fhall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the By whom Ex-

Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by pencei of Re-or by virtue of this Aft, and of the faid recited Aft, fo remeafuring, »«^»ement fhall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo re- ut 10	*****

meafured by him, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any fuch Remeafurement the

whole of the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then and in fucn cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall, in fcafe fuch Deficiency fhall amount to or exceed One Bnihel, pay the Expences of fuch Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency (hall not amount to One Bu(hel, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Co*]* fold by herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to require Pool Meafure any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure to be meafured by the

Bufhel Meafure previouily to fuch Coals being loaded and fent away J in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender's ^ Purchafer. Wharf or Place of Sale, unlefs by the Defire of the Purchafer of any fuch Coals.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That all Coals fold or loaded to Coals fold by be fold as and for Wharf Meafure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Meafure Bufhels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of tnis the’ltofeoce Aft, (hall be meafured in the Prefence of One of the faid Labour- of t Land coal mg Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, by the Meter.

Bufhel Meafure heaped up as by this Aft is direfted, and the faid Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, (hall and may, and they

and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bufhel or Bufhels of any fuch Coals as (hall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Meafure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Perfon or Perfons To vending or contrafting for the Sale of the fiud Coals, or fo loading any fucn Coals for Sale.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Labouring ^ Offering Coal Meter (hall wittingly or willingly fufifer any Coals exceeding

Eight

out without being meafured.

Penalty.

Fee to Coal Meters for Wharf Meafure Coals, and by whom paid.

Ticket to Carmen. Contents thereof.

Delivered to Carman by Labouring Coal Meter.

CL m

56° GEO- HL

AJXlsU

Eight Bufhela, which (hall be fold or loaded to be (bid as ad Wharf Meafure, to be lent from any Wharf, Warehoufe or o( Place within the Limits of his Office, without fuch Coals hi meafured in the manner herein dire&ed, and (hall not give Isfca don thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by® virtue of this Ad, within Two Days next after fuch Conk Aafl I been meafured, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Labour^ ( Meter (hall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of aflag a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum aotoced ing Ten Pounds.	"

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Sum of Sixpence! every Chaldron of Coals which (hall be fold and delivered at ad Wharf Meafure, at any Wharf, Warehoufe or Place within l Limits of this A&, and fo in Proportion for any greater or li Quantity than a Chaldron, (hall be paid by the Occupier or Ocd piers of the Wharf, Warehoufe or Puce from which fucb Coals d taken, or by the Seller or Vender of fuch Coals to the bid frinop Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Adi, and thereupon fudb Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or aafe be delivered, to every Seller of fuch Coals, or the Carman wbo * cart, lead, drive or carry away the fame, a Paper Writing, or Ti iigned by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and counterigncd by tW] Labouring Coal Meter attending, and delivering the (tat, m wbkk (hall be contained the Chridian and Surname or Names of tie refer- i tive Seller or Sellers, Vender or Venders, and alfo either tk Cfeifcn and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Nun cldc hr-chafer or Purchafers, Confumer or Confumers of the (aid Coals u& the Quantity of fuch Coals, and the Day of the Week, Mold ml Year of the Delivery, and Admeafuremeut, and Amount of tk Met tage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Perfons employed® cart, lead, drive or carry the fame Coals, and alfo ftuD cosub • Notice to the Purchaser or Purchafers of the (aid Coals, tlat if b% (he or they is or are diflatisfied with the Meafure thereof, ad iul defire to have all fuch Coals remtafured, fuch Di(Tatis£a£boo ndbe exprefled to the Carman, before more than One Sack of fuch Cods is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage coo* veying the fame; and that if fuch Purchafer or Porchafcnflall be fo diflatisfied, and (hall defire to have all or any of the partial Sacks remaining in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeafaud, fo as to ascertain the Contents of each or any of fiich pvtiak Sacks, then that fuch Defire muft be exprefled to the Carman brim any of the Sacks of Coals which fuch Purchafer or Puicfca&n ki defire to have remeafured, (hall he (hot or unloaden from tk Cat Waggon or other Carriage in which the Dame (hall be feat; ubri faid Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, kUk delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, countn^ssg the fame without Delay to the Carman or Perfon employed to art, cany, drive or lead the Coals deferibed in fuch Ticket, to tkPar* chafer or Confumer therein named, which faid Ticket unaltered, tk faid Carman or Perfon therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in fuch Ticket deferibed, (hall and be it hereby required to deliver to the refpedtive Confumers or Pnrcha&n thorn named, or to their Agent or Servant who (hall attend to receive tk Coals deferibed in fuch Ticket for the Uie of fuch Pnchafo*

ConfuDff,

i

56*GEO.IIL

Cnt

749

Confumer, and thereupon he, (he or they is and are hereby required to .

pay to the Seller named in fuch Ticket, the Metage therein ipecified,

and if the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning fuch Ticket (hall Labouring Me-

after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in purfuance of this ter refuGng to

Ad, refufe to deliver fuch Ticket as hereinbefore direded to the deliver Ticket to

Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals Carrnao‘

therein defcribed, fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not ds-

Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall, after the fame Ticket (hall

have been fo delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- to urc

terfigning the fame, either alter or negled, or refufe to deliver the

fame Ticket to the Purchafer or Container therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who (hall attend to receive the Coals defcribed in

fuch Ticket, fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall forfeit and pay, for every pena]Cy.

fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Wharfinger or Whaifingers Dealer in Coals (hall dire&ly or indirectly give or offer, or caufe to be giving Bribes to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter MeUrl*

or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfbever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of ,

Coals meafured by the Bu(hel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Principal or La- Me^rs isetir-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed purfuant to verinTfclfr this A61, (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered a falfe or counterfeited Tickets. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Confumer, Carman or other Perfon,

with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-ever, or (hall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals meafured by the Bufliel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Meafure for the Infpe6tion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, or if fuch Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter Ih&ll,willingiy permit or fuffer to be made falfe Meafure of any Coals, or (hall deliver a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he (hall have not feen meafured, or (hall counterfign any Vender’s Ticket for any Coals, without having infpeded fuch Coals, or without feeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, (hall have been firfk completely emptied out of and loaded from fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.	Penalty.

XXV. And

C. xxL

56* GEO. III.

Vender not delivering a Meter'* Ticket with Wharf Meafure Coals.

Penalty.

Sack* to be foiled aud

Dimenfions of focks.

Vender, fcc. ufing Sacks not fealed, Icc. and not of proper 'Dhneniioftt.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Meter permitting Sacks to be ufed of too fmall Dimenfions.

XXV.	And be it farther sanded, That if any Quantity erer of Coals exceeding Eight Bufhels fold, or to be ibid, as asd Wharf Meafure, (hall be fent or driven in any Cart, Waggee other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour, from any Wk Warehoufe or Place, fituate within the Limiu of this Ad, wkbdl haring been meafured by fuch Bufttel Meafare at it direfted rod If fcribed by the faid recited Ad, or without fuch Meter’s Ticket I aforefaid fo figned and counterfigned as aforefaid haring ben ki obtained, or if fuch Ticket as aforefaid fhall not be defivcnd to til Purcfyafer or Purchasers of any fuch Coals, before any Pwtof Wh Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premiles of fuch Pnrdafcr nt Purchafers, then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Vestal 4 fuch Coals (hall, for every inch Offence, forfeit and pay wsj $m not exceeding Ten Pounds..

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Sack fhall be soh ufe of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Veffd, Light*, fingv or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place vr£m the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpediee Odes of Lm» don and JVeJhntnfter^ or the refpedive Liberties thereof, or with* fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpedive Counties of Mtddkje* Surrey, Kent and EJfexy as is or are fituate within the Difbaoesf Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, except fuck Sad til be made of Linen, and fhall have been firft fealed and auribed mtb White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at tbe £idba|oer Office, IVeflminflcr, by the proper Officer there, sad Ad at tbe time of making ufe of fuch Sack meafure in the Ln&fe tbtxeof it leaft Four Feet and Two Inches in Length, by Two Fed mb Ok Inch in Breadth ; and no Sack fhall be lealed or marked which til not, at the time of the marking or fealing thereof, meafure in the In-fide thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth; and if any Vender or Vender* or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, Sufi ufe, or caufe to be ufed, any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Cods within the feveral and refpedive Cities, Liberties and Parts afbrc&d, not fealed or marked as aforefaid, or of lefs Length at tbe tint of ufing the fame than Four Feet and Two Inches at the leafc ■ the Infide thereof, or of lefs Breadth than Two Feet and One loch at the leaft, in the Infide thereof, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Vender of, or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals, mail for every inch Sack fo unmarked, or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit mi pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lefs this Tweetf Shillings ; and the Juftice or Juft ices before whom fuch Cosv&ot fhall take place fhall caufe every fuch Sack found unmarked or de£» cient, cither in Length or Breadth, to be deftroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour may be m* veyed without the Ufe of fuch Sacks; any thing herds cosflti

to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXVII. And be it farther enaded, That if any LahonmgCul Meter to be appointed purfuant to this Ad, fhall ufe, or kaowtif permit or fuller any Sack or Sacks to be made ufe of fo » pieafuring or carrying of Coals, of lefs Dimenfions than fuch Sicb as are direded to be ufed for that Purpofe by this Aft, it wf ^Place or Places within the Limits of this Ad, then and ip ever

fed

, A.D.1316,

55® GEO. III.

C.xxi.

751

r fuch cafe every fuch Labouring Coal Meter (ball, for every fuch ; Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Buihel (hall be . kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurement of any Coals fold , within the faid Port of Londoni, or within the (aid refpedbve Cities of j London and Weft minder, or the refpedive Liberties thereof, or

*	within fuch Part or rails of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middle-r /ex, Surrey, Kent and EJfex, as is or are fituate within the Diftance f of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, which !• (hall not be fuch Bu(hel as is deferibed in and by an A€t made

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majedy Queen Anne, t intituled An AS for the fpeedy and effeSual preserving of the Na-. vigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Effex, and for afeeir-taining the Coal Meafure, and which (hall not nave been fird damped

*	or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Wejlmin-

*	Jler, or at the Guildhall London, previoufiy to the fame being fo kept or ufed, and that every fuch Buihel, previoufiy to being fo damped

k‘ or marked, (hall be fitted for Work and -Ufe with Iron or Copper r Hoops, and (hall be fo damped or marked with a Steel Indrument ; on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every fuch Bu(hel : (hall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in " making ufe of fuch Bu(hel all Coals (hall be duly heaped up in fuch 1 Buihel in the Form of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfide of the Bu(hel to be the Extre-: mity of the Bafe of fuch Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of ; Coals (hall confid of Thirty fix of fuch Buihels fo heaped, and fo

*	in Proportion for any letter Quantity ; and if any Dealer or Dealers *f in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid,

(hall keep or make ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any '* Bufhel in the Admeafurement of any Coals other than fuch Bu(hel ? as aforefaid, and fo damped as aforefaid, or (hall in anywife decreafe

*	or diminifh any fuch Bufiiel damped as aforefaid, or (hall permit his, t her or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whom-: foever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers

*	in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay ' for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty

Pounds; and if any fuch Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or ‘ Perfons a&ing by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, 4 or Vender or Venders, (hall make ufe of in admeafuring of any [ Coals any Bufiiel other than fuch Bu(hel as aforefaid damped as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or

*	Perfons whomfoeyer (hall in any manner decreafe or diminifii any fuch Bufiiel damped as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Servant

f or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively for every fuch Offence (hall be committed to the Houfe of Corre&ion, by any One or more Judice or Judices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX.	Provided alwayB, and be it ena&ed, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be difiatisfied with the Meafurement which Audi have been made of any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Warehoufe or

other

Penalty.

What Buihel Meafure to rn made ufe of.

IX Ann. Stat. x. c.17. § 11, ix-To be (lamped.

Vender, &c. ufing Buihel net damped.

Penalty.

Dimioitfiing

Bufhel.

Imptifonment.

Venders, &c. of Coals fold as Wharf Meafure, if dfflatisfied, may hgve them remsafcrcd.

C. xxL

56* GEO. in.

AJL181

Notice of Delire of Remeafuie-

e for Remea-furement.

Excefs of Quimii/.

Penalty.

Carman to carry a Buihel Me*-fore In his Cart.

To be provided by Vender, ficc. Carman not having fuch BuflieL

Penalty on Carman and Vender. Provifo for Coala carried in Bulk.

other Place of Sale within the Limits of this A 6b, by or ends l Infpe&ion of the Labouring Land Coal Meter ftarioned or aItrad at fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, then and in everyth cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Vender or Veoderu or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before fuch Coals are fist any fa fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place of Sale, to fend, or ask be fent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meter ford* E ecution of this A6b, Notice in Writing, fignifying the Defer of foe Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to fair foe Coals remeafured, and then and in fuch cafe fuch Principal Mete or One of the Labouring Meters of or from fuch Office, (not boa] the Meter under whofe Infpedion the faid Coals were onpal roeafured,) (hall within the Space of Two Hours next after fud Nfi tice in Writing left at fuch Office, attend to remeafure the (aid Cafe and (hall accordingly remeafure the fame. Sack by Sack, by & Buihel Meafure, in the Prefence of fuch Vender or Vender* of a Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for fuch Remtafaxmest fed Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealer? in Coab (htU pay, or caufe to be paid, to the faid Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured; and a ak n (hall appear, upon fuch Remeafurement, that the Cods fo renes. fured (hall exceed the Quantity for which the fame were hid, thn and in fuch cafe, if fuch Excefs (hall be equal or amosottpsr acred Two Buihels in any Chaldron fo remeafured, the Meter wfofed an-fured fuch Coals (nail for every Buihel fo exceeding fad Quaky as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Stuffings together with all the Expences of fuch Remeafurement.

XXX. And be it further ena6ted. That if any Canon or Dmu of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Cosh for Sale, | or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof fay asy Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Cm* of Coals from any Ship, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from ary Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within* the (aid Port of IssJk, or within the faid refpe6bive Cities of London and Wefinvfn, or the refpe6bive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or nru« the refpedbive Counties of Middlefexf Kent, Surrey and Eftx%usir I are (ituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles froea the Rcysf Exchange aforefaid, (hall not have placed on fome coofpcatf j Part of his Cart, Waggon or Carriage, a perfe6fc Buihel Meairr ot the Form, Size or Dimenfions, and lo damped or marked si hoes-* before dire6bed, (which Meafure (hall be provided by the Voder Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of fad Cod} then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Carman or Driver of fad Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having fuch Bu&el Mob fo placed therein or thereon, (nail, for every fuch Offence, fe& and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the fair or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Caring fuch Coals, (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tstaty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which (hall be carried or a* ▼eyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage bekadf to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, may be lo aninir conveyed without the Carman .being obliged to carry t faW Meafure therewith, or any Perfon or rerfona being fubjed or I*

753

A. D. 1*16.	$6° GEO. III.	Cnd.

to any Penalty or Penalties in otfpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders Venders to defc of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and fent as and for Wharf l‘*er Tickets of Meafure, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or	M

from any Wharf, Warehoufe or otter Place within the faid Port	ea u

of London* or within the faid refpe&ive Cities of London or Wef-minfler, or the r^fpeftive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent or EJfen* as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or caufe to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perlon (hall and is required to deliver or caufe to be delivered,

[ the fame Ticket fo received from fuch Vender to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, (hall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every fuch Ticket or Paper (hall be in the Words and Form following ;

VENDER'S TICKET.

B.	[Here infert the Name of the Buyer"] Take Noticed

*	that you are to receive herewith [Here infert the NumberJ

*	Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, [Here infert the

f * Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, J’Here ;	4	infert the Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals >

f	*	and that by an A& made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign

‘	of King George the Third, the Carman is dire&ed to deliver this

r	*	Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-

,	4	gon, and that a Bufhel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by

'	*	which the Carman is dire&ed to meafure gratis (under the Penalty

*	of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which

’’	*	the Purchafer or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

4 Three Bufhels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outfide of ■	*	the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof. C. Dm

4 [ Here infert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. [Here infert the Name 4 of the Labouring Meter, in cafe of the Coals being fent from within 4 either of the DiftriQs of the fasd rejheffive Offices.] Dated [ Here 4 infert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear when fuch \	4	Ticket wasfgnea.]*

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders (hall not tlelivet, or caufe Vender not <fe-to be delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Purchafer or Pur- hming Ticket, chafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Vender or Ven4ers (hall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds 5 and in cafe the Carman, Driver of or other Perfon Penalty, attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any |Carl!n*rirno5 fuchwCoals aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket (hall lave been given by xi*kef to Pur-or by the Dire&ion of the Vender, in order to be delivered, to the chafer. Purchafer, (hall (having fo. firff received the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Vender's Orders) rtfufe or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket n aforefaid to the Buyer or Buyers of luch Coals, or 56 Gxo. III.	31	to

C.xxi.

56° GEO. III.

JLDm

Penalty.

Carman required to mea-fure One Sack

gietis in etch Cart

Carman driving Coals away without mcafuring the Sack.

to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of hi Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon atorehid, fkli, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not accc&g Ta Pounds.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, Tht dr Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other CarmgtUhvri Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Pimk&ri thereof by the-Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Deafen Sikh Coals, from any Ship, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, orknuy Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within the (aid Port of Luky or within the faid refpe&ive Cities of London and Wtjkofay or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Pats d the refpe&ive Counties of Mtddlefesc, Surrey, Kent udjE^asaar are fituate within the Diftancc of Twenty five Miles from the Ronl Exchange aforefaid, (hall, and he is hereby dive&d to oeafsfr gratis, if he (hall be required fo to do, the Coals contra! is acy one of the Sacks contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chofen by the Purchafer orrurdufen of tk faid Coals, or his or their Servant or Servants, or other Pafa or Perfons ailing on the behalf of fuch Purchafer or PordBin, ri fuch Bufhel Meafure as aforefaid, in order that fuch Purchafer cr Purchafers may be better enabled to judge of the Neoefor of having the whole of fuch Coals remeanired in mam»$red«ik this AH.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if oy Canoe or Driver of any Cart or Waggon or other Carriage ladoiahCoi for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Pordafaktk Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in fuchCoak,fo®c* Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or firomaiyWbi Warehoufe or other Place within the faid Port of Loader or da: the faid refpedive Cities of London and 1Veftmlnfiery or tk rdpett* Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the (jud rdpecbtc

Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent and EJfex, as is or ire utuztr within the Diilance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Eick? aforefaid, (hall negled or refufe to meafure by the (aid Bufhel Mo* fure, fuch Sacks of Coals in manner herein direded, whratkrara required by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or by & Tier or their Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Wok by or under the Authority of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers to he meafured, or if any fuch Carman or Driver (hall drive away, or p* mit or fuflfer the faid Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be dwe away without tneafuring in manner herein direded the hid fed* Corns, or (hall hinder, obftrud or otherwife prevent the Pmckfr or. Purchafers of fuch Coals, or his, her or their Servant or Sena or any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever from meafunog&ki Bufhel Meafure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in fuch ha Ofc Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every fuch cafe hot & Carman or Driver fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, 'Ms Penalty on Car- and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds norkfsttafa man^and on Pounds ; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Deakrss 011	fuch Coals, (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tvcy

Pounds, nor left thia Five Pounds.

xxxiv>



A'D'1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

755

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Pur- Coal* fent by chafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, lhall Land Carr,*^e be diffatisfied with the Meafure of any Coals fold or to be deli- SdSSdCr/he vered within the Limit* of this Ad, or of the faid recited Ad, and purcharcr.7 fent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

(hall fignify to the Carman, or other Perfon attending fuch Cart,

Waggon or other Carnage, his, her or their Delire to have the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of fuch Coals remeafured, then and in every fuch cafe the Carman or Driver of fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in which fuch Coals lhall be brought, (hall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the Houfe, Lodging or other Premifes of the Pur-chafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, with fuch Coals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until fuch Coals are remeafured; and Carm«n driving if any fuch Carman or Driver (hall drive away, or permit or fpffer *way before Re-to be driven away, any fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- meafurcmcntv fore the Coals contained therein (hall be remeafured, without the Confent of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Carman or Driver lhall, for every (Uch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded. That fuch Purchafer or Pur- Purchafers to t chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, fo defiring fuch f«nd Notice to 'Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-meafured, lhall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required to fend haveCCoals re-or caufe to be fent to the Vender or Venders of the laid Coals, or meafured.

to his, her or their Wharf, Warehoufe or Place of Abode, Notice in

Writing that the faid Coals are to be remeafured, and fuch Purchafer

or Purchafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, lhall, and he,

fhe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in

Writing to any One of the Offices of the faid Principal Land Coal

Meter appointed by or bv virtue of this Ad, or of the Offices

of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the faid

recited Ad, of his, her or their Delire to have fuch Coals remea-

fured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring MeJ

Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or of the faid recited ter to attend. k

Ad, (not being the Meter under whofe Infpedion the faid Coals

were originally meafured,) lhall within the Space of Two Hours

rent after fuch Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any fuch

Principal Land Coal Meter aforefeid, attend from fuch Office where

fuch Notice lhall be fb left at the Houfe, Lodgings or other Premifes

of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers as lhall be exprefled in fuch Notice,

for the Purpofe of reroeafuring the faid Coals, and lhall accordingly

remeafure the fame in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders, and

Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, or of his, her or their

Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them ihall

attend to fee the fame remeafured; and in cafe fuch Vender or Vender or Par-

Venders, or Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Agent or cha(5rnota»«

Serrant. Agents or Servants, lhall not attend for the Purpofe of feeing fuch Coals fo remeafured, then fuch Meter lhall proceed on pr(^<i™y the meafuring of fuch Coals in his, her or their Abfence, and fuch -	,	’

Meter lhall, arid he is hereby required, at the Option of the Pur-ebafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, to remeafure fuch Coals either by the diftinft Sacks,, fp as to afeertain the Contents of eafh par-

3 C 2	ticular

C.xxi.

56* GEO. III.

A.D.M

fee for Remea-furemeoc.

If Deficiency appear.

Fenalty on Vender*

Penalty on Vender.

Penalty on Meter.

Penalty on Coal Porters.

Penalty on Vender in proportion to Defi-c«ency.

How far no Re-tucalurcment if enore than One hack thou

ticular Sack of fuch Coals which (hall remain in fuck Cart, % gon or other Carriage, or elfe to remeafure fuch Coals in foch naira and fo aa to afcertaui the vthole Quantity of fuch Coals cootabed all the Sacks taken together, and in cafe the Purchaser or Purciaf< of fuch Coals (hall not either before or immediately upon the Ami of fuch Meter fignify or cau(e to be fignified to fuck Meter bs . their Option or Defire as to which of the faid Two Ways he or & would wi(h fuch Remeafurement to be taken or made in, then » in every fuch cafe fuch Meter (hall proceed to remeafure feckCotJ in foch manner, and fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fee Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for foch R< meafurement fuch Purchaser or Purchafers (hall pay, or canfe to b paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters of ad free the Office to which Notice (hall have been fent as afbteU, Sir pence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured; and m cafe, ope; the Remeafurement of any fuch Coals which (hall be fo rsaeafumi as to afcertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, i: ftzD appear to the Meter fo remeafuring the fame, that any Sack or Sodu of fuch Coals (hall not contain Three Buffiels, then and a my fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall for every Sack of Coals that (hall he fo found deficient on fuch Remeafaement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; md a cafo upon the Remeafurement of any fuen Coala as aforeuid «W /btf be remeafured in fuch manner as to afcertain the whefoQnacifTtf fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the im tod tar

been, fent taken together, it (hall appear to fuch Meter ndorebd that' the Coals thus remeafured do not amount to the Qontti k which they were fold, then if fuch lad mentioned Coals ftuB tat been fold as and for Wharf Meafure, the Vender or Vesden of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every Bu(hel of Coals deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and alfo forfeit every CUdmo Coals fo found deficient or wanting in Meafure to and for the 11 of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Coals (hall befereonft and the Labouring Meter under whole Infoe&km the Cask firft meafured (hall, for every Buffiel fo deficient, forfeit and the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and the Coal Porters who (foil ba firft meafured fuch Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof dull I every Bufhel of Coals fo wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ti Shillings and Sixpence ; hut if any fuch Coals fo remeifared c i manner laft mentioned, and fo found to amount to left dm tj Quantity for which the fame were fold (hall have been fold ai sad k Pool Meafure, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Cosh fciS. I cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Four Buffiels, and not exceed Td Bufiiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, and pay for every Buffiel of Coals fo found deficieat in ere? » Five Chaldrons and One V at the Sum of Forty Shittangs^ cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Ten Bu&efe » any Five Oddmi and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch cale foch Vh& l Venders of fuch Coals (ball forfeit and pay for every fuck fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Seal Five Pounds: Provided neverthelefa, that no fuch Cosh fo fold s fent (hall be remeafured fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity of (f Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of fuchGoak^ have been (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Cl

It	*1

56® GEO. III.

C.x».

7B7

riage into or upon the Premifes of fnch Purchafer or Purchafers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithifcahding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That if upon fuch Remea-furement of any Coals fold and fent as and for Pool Meafure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeafurement fhall have been made in fuch manner as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found to be lefs or more than at the Rate of Three Bufhels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks fpecified in the Vender’s Ticket of fuch Coals, then the Meter who counterfigned fuch Vender’s Ticket of fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency or Excefs (hall exceed Four Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of fuch Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every fuch Buihel fo exceeding or fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the fum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if upon any fuch Remeafurement, which (hall be fo made fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks fent taken together, pf any fuch Coals fold and fent as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, the whole of fuch Coals fo remeafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall amount to or exceed One Bu(hel, repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of fuch Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency (hall not amount to One Bufhel, then fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of luch Coals; and if upon any fuch Remeafurement, which (hall be made fo as to afcertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Backs fent, of any Coals fold as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure it (hall be found'that One fourth Part or more of the Nunv ber of the Sacks of fuch Coals fold and fent to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bufhels each refpedively, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of the Remeafurement thereof; but if the Number of fuch particular Sacks fo found deficient (hall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of fuch Coals fo fold and fent, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences (hall (be paid and borne by the Pur* chafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That after any fuch Notice as by this Ad dire&ed (hall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchafer or Purchafers, at any of the faid Principal Land Meter’s Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or the faid recited Ad, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of fuch Offices, for the Purpofe of remeafuring any Coals, fold eitner for Wharf or Pool Meafure, then, and in every luch cafe, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of fuch re-fpedive Office or Offices, where fuch Notice (hall have been given or fent, is and are hereby authorised and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or refppdive Offices, for the Purpofe of making the Remeafurement, and fuch refpedive Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter (hall, and are, and is hereby required and authorized to remeafure any fuch Coals which they or be /hall be fo fent to remeafure, whether the Purchafer or Purchafers

3C 3	of

In cafe of any Coals fold for Pool Meafure proving deficient on fuch Reroea-furement.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the. Expences of fuch Remeafurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to meafure the Coals.

Upon Notice,

or Labouring Meter not attending.

Penalty. Purchafer ob-

ft ruling Re-tneal'urement.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid for being kept.

Regulations as to Coals fold by Weight..

'Labouring Meter to attend the weighing, Sec.

fn what cafe Meter to coun* terfign Ticket.

C.xxi.	58° GEO. III.	A.D.	m

of fuch Coals /hall, or not, be defirous of having fuck Remetfe*. ment proceeded in, any thing therein contained to the contrary & withfUnding; and if any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter or M&n, appointed by or by virtue of this Aft, or the faid recited Ad, after having received any fuch Notice as aforefaid, (hall neglcft or rtf&, within the Space of Two Honrs after the Receipt of fuch Noocr, to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to t)te Houfe, LodgK£ cr other Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafert accordingly; cr if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters (hall refufe or neghd a remeafure fuch Coals, then, and in every fuch cafe, any focb Fri:-dpal Land Coal Meter or Meters, and Labouring Land Coil Meter or Meters, fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit ea pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and if any fuch Psrrker or Purchasers, or any other Perfon or Perfons, fhall pirrenr, ob* ftruft or interrupt, or attempt to prevent auy fuch Reneafare&rct being proceeded in and made by fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Meters, fent by any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter or Metos a ca> Sequence of any fuch Notice, then, and in every fuch cafe, facb Pjt-chafer or Purchafers, or other Perfon or Perfons, fo offending, hi for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tee Pounds.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, TLx when and as often as any Cart, Waggon or other Canine fail be flopped or detained for the Purpofe or under Pretence ot rwfaa-furing the Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of fiery feci Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall be entitled totfeeSsnef Three Shulmgs per Hour, for every Hour the Cart (hall he fc k* tained, and fo in proportion for any Fraftion of an Hour owr ail above the ufual Cartage of fuch Coals, which Three Shillings fer Hour (hall be paid by the Vender of the faid Coals, in cafe the feet or any Part thereof mail upon the Remeafurement thereof be fboad deficient in Meafure, or by the Purchafer of fuch Coals, in afe the fame /hall not be remeafured, or fhall upon fuch Remeaftuenat be i found io amount to the Quantity for which fuch Coals wot {old.

XL. And be it further enafted, That all Coals which Hull be fold by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place vid-i the Limits of this Aft, and to be fent in any Cart, Waggon or I other Carriage to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, (ball be fold j or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight csi- I fitting of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoife Weigh, and Twenty fuch Hundred Weight fhall be and be deemed and ufcra to be One Ton ; and all fuch Coals fo to be fold fhall bewugi*J j and loaded at fuch Wharf or Warehoufe or other Place of Sale, j the Prefence of One of the Labouring Land Meters to be aroeerrf purfuant to this Aft, and fuch Labouring Meter is hereby autMord and required to fuperintend and infpeft the weighing and loadugcf all fuch Coals fo fold by the Weight, m order that loch Meter ray fee and be fatisfied that in every fuch loading the full Weigh & Coals is aftuaily given, which fhall be expreifed in the Vender’s Ticket, and fuch Meter may refufe to counterfoil the Vender’s I Ticket of any fuch Coals, in cafe fuch Meter fhall not fee tte tie 1 full and proper Weight fhall be given, according to the QaBtay which fhall be expreifed in fuch Vender's Ticket, but focb Mw /hall, and he is hereby required to counterfigu the fame, in cafe tie

pup*

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

759

proper Weight* (hall be given according to fuch Quantity of* Coals cxprefied in fuch Vender’s Ticket ; and for fuch Infpeftion of fuch Coals fo fold by Weight there fhall be paid by the Vender or Vend* era thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-hotife or other Place from whence fuch Coals (hall be fent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this Aft,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fo weighed under the Meter’s In-. pee to Principal fpeftion, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and fuch Sum of Money (hall be repaid to fuch Vender or Venders by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That the Vender or Venders Vender’* Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals fo fold by Weight within the, to be fent with Limits of this Aft, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the Pur-	by

chafer or Purchafers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- Welg t# vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which fuch Coals (hall be fent, and before any of fuch Coals (hall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following ; that is to fay,

*	^' [Here infert the Name of the 1Buyer.'] Take Notice,

4 That you are to receive herewith I Here infert the Number]

4 Tons [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, for infpefting which

*	Coals you are, in conformity to an Aft of Parliament made in the

*	Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay

*	me the underfigned [Here infert the Name of the Seller] the Sum 4 of [Here infert the Amount of the JnJjbe8ion Charge] being at and

*	after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold to and to be 4 received by you herewith.*

(Signed)	C. D. [Here infert the Name of the Seller.1

(Counterfigned) E. F, [Here infert the Name of the Meter,]

And in cafe fuch Vender or Venders do not deliver, or caufe to be Vender not de-delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid, and fo counterfigned by a Meter Uvering Ticket, as aforefaid, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fucb Coals are unloaded, every fuch Vender (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; and in cafe the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Pcnon attending any fuch Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any fuch Coals to whom any fuch del£er,r‘?}.*me Ticket (hall have been given by or* by the Orders of the Vender, 10 urc a cr* in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall (having fo firil re-* ceived the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Direftion of the Vender) refufe or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be unloaded* fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. i Penalty.

XL 11. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all .Coal's Coal* to be told whatfoever fold within the Limits of this Aft, fave and except only either by fuch Coals as (hall be fold by Weight in manner aforefaid, (hall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, fuch Chaldron to confift of Thirty fix	*

of fuch Bu(hels fo heaped up as aforefaid, or elfe by fuch Bu(hel as u aforefaid, or by the Half Bulhel, Peck or Half Peck, provided fuch fmaUer Meafure (hall be Some aliquot Part of fuch Bu(hel Meafure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

3 C 4	XLI1I.	Pro-

760

C.xxL

36* GEO. ILL

A.D.M6.

.

The‘faring up of different Sort* of Coals in a Ware-houfe not to be prevented, provided (uch Sorts be kept in dif-ferern Parcels, Jce.

Vender, ice. felling fay undue Meafure fuch Coals.

Penalty.

Provifions re* fpeding Coal Sheds or Ware* houfe* where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding H If • Chaldron.

Mining Cuds.

IVovifa

Provifo fur the Sale of Coals already mixed.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it furtbet enafted, Tbatnotbaf contained in the (aid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or this Ad, Audi extend or be taba or conftrued to extend, fo as to hinder or prevent any fndi Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of tks A ft, from laying or (taring up for Sale in any Warehoufe or Kepo-fitory, or other convenient Place, any Quantities whatfoever of CoA of as many Sorts, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or tby faD refpcftively think fit, provided fuch different Sorts, Names or De» fenptions of Coals he refpeftively laid and kept in fuch Wsrtbonfc or other Repofitory in fep&rate and diftinft Parcels, and whofir sa-mixed ; and provided no fuch Coals he fold by any other than Wkrf Meafure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of fifth Sorts of fuch Coals as (hall be fold and fent from any fseb Warn* houfe or other Repofitory being expreffed in the Vender’s Ticket to he fent therewith to any Purchafer or Purchafers ; and if any foeh Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fhaS feB vesufe to he fold by any other than by Wharf Meafure any Cork out of any fuch Warehouse or other Repofitory in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may he ftored or depofited, or (hall not mkxt or caufe to he inferted in the Vender’s Ticket to be fat with fodi Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Soil of fsdCoak as (hall be fent from or out of any fuch Warehouse, Repofiftxy or other Place, to any Purchafer or Purchafers, then, aad a every oca cafe, every fuch Vender or Dealer fo offending, (hall, fernery (kb Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty ?*■&» I

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, Tfatwrimg contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty feventk Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or this Aft, (hall extend, or be ocs> (trued to extend, fo as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Voder* of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Aft, who (hall keep any Coal Shed, Shop or Warehoufe, where Cosh fell be j fold in Quantities not mater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals (hall ever he fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Cbl* j dron, from mixing or heaping up together, or caufing to be miied or heaped up together in fuch Sued, Shop or Warehoufe, aay Qua- I tity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, ' Names, or Defcriptions of Coals, as he, (he or they, (ball lefpe&hcfr j think fit, or from felling or caufing to* he fold, fuch Coals when Jo mixed: Provided neverthelefs, that fuch Coals, when fo mixed, fk] be fold as, for and by the Name of 4 Mixed Coals,9 and fhaO not be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor AaBbefefe at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed or Warehoufe, what tbr lame (hall have been fo mixed.

XJLV. Provided aifo, and he it further enafied, Tbit aotfcg contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty feveoth Yetrsfde Reign of His prefent Majefty, or this Aft, (hall extend, or be «* ftrued to extend, fo as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Voder* of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals within the Limits of tbs Ad* from felling or caufing to be fold, any Mixed Coals whitfeewt, which Ihrfl have been mixed at any time before the Firft Dsj of June One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen: Provided severtWefe Chat fuch Coals (hall be fold as, and for, and (hall be deferibedatk

Ve*ri

56* GEO. III.

C.xxL

751

fuch cafe every fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That no Bufliel (hall be kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurement of any Coals fold within the faid Port of London, or within the (aid refpe&ive Cities of London and Wejlminficr, or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middle-fex, Surrey f Kent and Effex) as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, which fhall not be fuch Bufhel as is defcribed in and bj an A& made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for the ffeedy and effeSual preftrving of the Navigation of the River of Tnames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Effex, andfor afeer-Saining the Coal Meafure, and which (hall not have been fira (tamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at IVeftmtn-fter, or at the Guildhall London% previoudy to the fame being fo kept or ufed, and that every fuch Bu(nel, previoudy to being fo (tamped or marked, (hall be fitted for Work and Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, and (hall be fo (tamped or marked with a Steel Inftrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every fuch Bufhel (hall be Jtept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making ufe of fuch Bufliel all Coals (hall be duly heaped up in fuch Bu(hel in the Form of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfide of the Bufhel to be the Extremity of the Bafe of fuch Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals (hall confift of Thirty fix of fuch Bufhels fo heaped, and fo in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity ; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, (hall keep or make ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Bu(hel in the Admeafurement of any Coals other than fuch Bufhel as aforefaid, and fo damped as aforefaid, or (hall in anywife decreafe or dimini(h any fuch Bufliel damped as aforefaid, or (hall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, (hall make ufe of in admeafuring of any Coals any Bufliel other than fuch Bufliel as aforefaid damped as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoeyer (hall in any manner decreafe or diminifli any fuch Bufliel damped as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Servant or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively for every fuch Offence (hall be committed to the Houfe of Corre&ion, by any One or more Judice or Judices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals (old as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be diflatisfied with the Measurement which flutll have been made of any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Warehoufe or

other

Penalty.

What Bufhel Meafure to re made ufe of.

ia Ann. Stat. 3. c.17. \ 11, si. To be damped.

Vender, &e. ufing Bufhel act damped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

BufheL

Imprifonmenu

Venders, Ac of Coals fold as Wharf Meafure, if dfflatitfied, may hgre them remeafortd.

56° GEO. Ill,

AJXK16.

Cxxi.

Certiorai.

Summoning

Witnefles.

Witnef* not

appearing.

Penalty.

Witnef* refuting to be front, fcc.

Imprifbnment.

Perjury.

Penalties above Twenty Pounds how to be re* covered.

quafhed or vacated for waat of Form only, or be removed if

Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of Ha Majefty’s Courts of Record at JVcftmiufler or elfewhere, any Laf or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandng.

XLVTII. And be it further enabled. That it fhaD and my It lawful to and for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any fuch Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures (hall be foed far, tv futnmon before him or them any Perfon or Perfons who (hall oar by the Complaint or Information made to him or them appeartoka neceffarv Witnefs as to the Matters thereby charged, to appor before mm or them at a time and Place to be fpedfied in the Summons, and in cafe fuch Perfon fo fummoned (hall not appear according to fuch Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service cf fad Summons in manner aforefaid, fuch Perfon fo fununooed and ocf appearing in Compliance therewith, (hall forfeit and pay the Sea of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in fuch manaer ad by fuch Ways and Means as is hereinfore directed as to other Ptufe; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Jsftkn to caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended by Warrant, under tie Had and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether fuch Perin (hall appear upon Summons as aforefaid, or (hall he apprehended as aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall and may proceed to exaaise him or her upon Oath, as to the Matter of fuch Coophk or Is-formation, and in cafe fuch Perfon (hall refufe to be fan or to anfwer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every tach die it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices, bystreet under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to conak tosh Perfon fo refuting to be fworn, or to anfwer or to give Evidence u aforefaid, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredhoa of the City, County or Place in or for which fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall tten a£t, there to remain for any Space of time not exoeedng Three Calendar Months.

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfoa or Pains upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath, before aay Juftice «• Juftices of the Peace, a&ing in Execution of this Ad, (hall wftfuSy and corruptly give faife Evidence, touching any matter or (bag re. Uting to this A A, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall take or auk any faife Oath or Affidavit, with refpedt to any matter ur dkg relating to this Ad, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being <k> con vidted thereof, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be failed acd liable to fuch Pains and Penalties, as by any Law in Force ad Effect Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjea id liable to.

L. And be it further enabled. That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Ad k-pofed for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Ad, kU and may be recovered by A diion of Debt, BiU, Plaint or bkf& ation, in any of His Majefiy*s Courts of Record at Wtfiuftu wherein no Effoin, Protedbion, Wftger of Law, or any more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed, by the Perfoa or Perfons who fhid inform and fue for the fame within Three Calendar Months after tk Offence or Offences (hall be committed, and One Moiety of a21 fcch Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures Hull be to and for the Ufe of Hi

Mtftfr,

753

A. 0.1316. 66°GEO. III. C.xsi

I

I

)

to any Penalty or Penalties in oefpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders Venden to d*. of* or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and fent as and for Wharf	Tickets of

Meafure, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or Sk-r2r f from any Wharf, Warehoufe or otter Place within the faid Port	ea	u

of London, or within the faid refpe&ive Cities of London or Weft* minjler, or the r$fpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent or EJfejc, as is or are Situate within the Didance of Twenty She Miles from ths Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, Shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or caufe to be delivered, a printed Ticket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perfon Shall and is required to deliver or caufe to be delivered, the fame Ticket fo received from fuch Vender to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, Shall be Shot or delivered therefrom, and every fuch Ticket or Paper Shall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER’S TICKET.

*	M .. A. B. [Here infert the Name of the Buyer] Take Notice^

€	that you are to receive herewith [Here infert the Number]

4 Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, [Here infert the 4 Number1 Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, [ Here 4 infert the Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals )

4 and that by an A61 made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, the Carman is dire&ed to deliver this 4 Ticket, before he Shoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-4 gon, and that a Bulhel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by 4 which the Carman is dire&ed to meafure gratis (under the Penalty 4 of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack whicn 4 the Purchafer or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain

*	Three Buihels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the OutSide of 4 the Nfeafdre being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof. C. Dm 4 £ Here infert the Name of the Vender.] E. F. [Here infert the Name 4 of the Labouring Meter, in cafe of the Coals beingfent from within 4 either of the DifriQs of the faid rejheffive Offices.] Dated [Here 4 infert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear when fuch 4 Ticket wasfgned.]9

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders Shall not deliver, or caufe Vender not ie-to be delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Purchafer or Pur- ll?erw* Ticket, chafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant oj Servants before any Part of fuch Coals Shall be Shot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Vender or Ven4ers Shall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of or other Perfon Penalty, attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carman notde-fucluCoals aforefaid, to wnora fuch Ticket Shall have been given by wCpur. or by the Dire&ion of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the chtfcu Purchafer, (hall (having fo firft received the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Vender’s Orders) refute or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Buver or Buyers of Tuch Coals, or 56 Gao. III.	3	C	to

76*

Cni—xxtl

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

DonUeCofti.

Aft not to alter or repeal 47 G.3. Seffx. c. 64.

Comnenee-neat oi Ad.

Public A ft.

51 G.3.C.195.

53 0.3.C.3*

M G.3. c. 3S.

51G. 3. e. aoe.

made or tendered as afbrefaid, or after the time limbed far hriegsg the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other Comity tbs am afbrefaid, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and uppn fuch Verdjd* or if the Plaintiff or Piamdfi (hall be nonfuited or difeontinue nis, her or their Adkm or Sait, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall hare appeared, or if upm Demurrer Judgment (hall be given again ft the Plaintiff or Pbiacfit then the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Double Cods, and hare fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defeadst hath for Cofts of Suit in other cafes by Law.

LV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing htki Ad contained (hall extend, or be ccmftrucd to extend, toreped, dkr or vary any Part or Parts of the faid recited Ad of the fortr ferenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, bat tire tb faid Ad, and all the Powers, Provifions, Claufes, Peodtin and Forfeitures therein contained, (hall be as good, valid and efeftuJ to all Intent! and Purpofes as if this Ad had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall coroner and take place from and after the Firft Day of Juut Ore thodaod eight hundred and fix teen.

LVI I. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and (hall be judicially takes Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without beag fpccaUjr pleaded.

Cap. xxii.

An Ad for amending and enlarging the Powers of Tvs A&s of His prefent Majefty* for conftruoing an Harbour at PutUret, in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall. [21ft Mey i&tL]

Cap. xxiii.

An Ad .to enlarge, amend and render more effedoal the Prcri&ou of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for paving and fighting the Citr of Hereford, and removing Nuifances therein; and for enabling the Corporation of the laid City to fell and apply the Produce of certain Meffuages and* Lands in eftablilhing Market Places, and otherwife improving the faid City. [21ft May 1816/

Cap. xxiv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of Hi prefent Majefty, for building a Church in and for the Pr& of Newrjt in the Counties of Down and Armagh.

*2lft JVfwy 1816.]

Cap. xxv.

An Ad for paving, lighting, deanfing and otherwife impro?iagtk Town of Weji Co<wes9 in the IJle of Wight, in the Comrd Southampton ; and for eftablithing a Market within the fadTwa-

[21ft

Cap. xxvi.

An Ad for paving and improving the Footways, and for cleaafag* lighting and watching the Streets and other Public Pillages £<? Places in the Town of Mellfbam, in the County of Wiks.

[aill May i8i6.j

A.D.1816.	56° GEO. III.	C.xxL	7*5

; 4 fame remeafured by the Bufhel Meafure, provided you imme-1 4 diately, and before any more of the Coals than One Sack (hall	>

: 4 be (hot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon or Carriage in which

>	4 the fame are brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Defire to

•	4 have the fame remeafured to any of the Land Coal Meters’ Offices ‘ 4 appointed by or by virtue of the faid Aft of the Forty feventh

4 Year, or the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of

•	4 King George the Third, alfo to the Vender or Venders of fuch e 4 Coals. C. D* \Hcre infert the Name of the Vender\ £• F. \_Here

4 infert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the i 4 Office is floated'}* Dated [Here infert the Day of the Months and i 4 the Month and Tear when fuch Ticket was fgnedi9}

•	And in cafe fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Vender not He-

►	Coals, (hall not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket as afore- liveriflS Ticket faid, and fo counterfigned by a Meter as aforefaid, to the Purchaser 10 P®”™* or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from

; fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any fuch Coal9 as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Vender or Venders . (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

: Ten Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver or other Perfon at- Carman not detending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any fuch liverinS Ticket.

: Coals as aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket (hall have been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, in order to be delivered : to the Purchafer, (hall (having firft received the lame from the Ven-, der or Venders, or any Perfon by the Order of the Vender or Ven-i ders) refufe or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or

•	Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon aforefaid fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit

' and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the Vender or Venders of, What Sum of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals, fold as and for Pool Meafure, and M°ne75° ** fent in.any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, for infoediVc Warehouse or other Place within the Limits of this Aft, or any Coals fold by * Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Meafure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter (hall

be ftationed, fituate within fuch Limits ; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, from or over which any fuch Coals (hall be fo fent, (hall and fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer pr Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers is and are hereby required and direfted to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Aft, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo bought and fent to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, as and for a Compenfation for the Trouble of infpeft-ing or fuperintending the Loading and fending away fuch Coals, and fuch Money (hall be repaid by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing Enabling Pur-herein contained (hall extend, or be conffcrued to extend, to hinder or “Jp” prevent any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Coals, fold as and for Meafure to have Pool Meafure, from fending fuch Coals to the Premifes of fuch Pur- fuch Coals deli-chafer or Purchafers, or to any Landing Place which fuch Purchafer vered without

C. xzxvi—xiii.

56s GEO. I£L

AD.M6

*7 G. o. c. il. 7 G. 3. c. 90. 34 Gw 3. c.91. ^tinned for *5 Years, flic.

6	O. x. c. 7.

7	G.a. c.5.

9 G. 3. c.57. continued ai Years, &c. after Expiration of 35 G. 3. c.4».

ZS G.3. c. 77. 36 G.3. c.33. 45 G.3. c. 7a. fo for as not herein repealed to remain.

J>P-3C*77. N4 Gv^. c. 170.

Ctf/. xxxvi.

An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of feed Afts for impofing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies &&, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling* upon every Scots Pei of Ale and Beer which (hall be brewed for Sate* brougot into, tapped or fold within the Town of Borrowfiownnefs and Liberties thereof in the County of Linlithgow* and for extending the fame oier the Parifh of Borrowftownneft ; for repairing the Harboor of tie fud Town; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

[31ft Afjy 1816.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of fereral Ads for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots* or One filth Fsrt cf 1 Penny Sterling* upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or fold within the Town of Montrofe, and Privileges thereof; for fop-plying the faid Town with Frefli Water; and for other Parpofo: therein mentioned.	[31ft Mej i$i6.j

Cap. xxxviii.

An Aft for amending feveral Afts of His prefent Majeftr* for improving the Drainage of the Middle and Sooth Leeds, Art of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level* ud other Lab therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigates of the Rim Ouze* in the County of Norfolk* and of the ieiriilmn communicating therewith.	[31! Moj Ai6.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Aft for building a new Pariih Church and a Parochial Cfepd in the Parifh of Saint Pancras* in the County of MuUkfix, aad for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[31ft	Mej	1816.]

*	Cap.	xl.

An Aft for building a Church or Chapel of Eafe in the ftrifo of Huddersfield* in the Weil Riding of the County of Tori.

[31ft Me) 1816.]

Cap. xli.

An Aft to enahie the Lord Provoft, Magiftrates and Comal of tk City of Edinburgh to carry into effeft certain Purpofes is regard to the Ereftion of a Chapel at the Weft End of Pmee’t Stmt, and for effefting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood

. thereof* and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of tk fed City.	[giftJKyrit&i

Cap. xln.

Air Aft to alter and amend Two Afts of the Fifty third aid Fifty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty* for erefting and mautang a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County aad City of £&-burgh s and to alter and amend Two Afts of the Forty third «cd Forty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty* in regard to theSttcte Labour of the Middle Diftrift of the faid County.

■A.D.1816.

56° GEO- III.

C.ni.

. 747

meafured; and in cafe it (hall appear upon the Remeafurement of fuch Coals by fuch Principal or Labouring Coal Meter, as (hall attend for die Purpofe of remeafnring of fuch Coals, that fuch Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Coals have been fold as and for Pool Mea-fure, the Vender of fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Four Bufhels and not exceed Ten Btifhela in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every Bufhel of Coals fo found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in foch cafe fuch Vender of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Bufhel fo found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and lhall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof; but in cafe any fuch Coals fo remeafured and found deficient (hall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Meafure, then and in fuch cafe the Vender of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every Bufhel fo found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and (hall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this A6k, and of the faid recited Ad, fo remeafuring, lhall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo re-meafured by him, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon any fuch Remeafurement the whole of the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then and in fuen cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall, in tafe fuch Deficiency (hall amount to or exceed One Bufhel, pay the Expences of fuen Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency (hall not amount to One Bnfliel, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be con ft rued to extend, to require any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure to be meafured by the Bufhel Meafure previoufly to fuch Coals being loaded and fent away in any Cart, Waggon or other Land Carriage form the Vender’s Wharf or Place of Sale, unlefs by the Defire of the Purchafer of any fuch Coals.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be fold as and for Wharf Meafure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bufhels, at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Aft, fhall be meafured in the Prefence of One of the faid Labouring Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, by the Bufhel Meafure heaped up as by this Aft is direfted, and the faid Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, fhall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bufhel or Bufhels of any fuch Coals as fhall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Meafure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Perfon or Perfons To vending or contrafting for the Sale of the fiud Coals, or fo loading any fuen Coals for Sale. •

XXI.	And be it further enafted. That if any fuch Labouring Coal Meter fhall wittingly or willingly fuller any Coals exceeding

Eight

If Deficiency appear, Penalty in Proportion.

By whom Ex-pencei of R*. meafurement are to be paid.

Coals fold by Pool Meafure not to be meafured by Bufhel, unlefs at Defire of Purchafer.

Coals fold by Wharf Meafure to be meafured in the Prefence of a Land Coal Meter.

Meters fuffering Wharf Meafure Coals to be fent

C. ii—lvu.

5SAGEO.IIL

A-D.Uie;

13 G* x.

21 G.2.C.20. 12 G. 3. C. 110. 27 G*3» c. 73.

xi G.i. c. 10.

9 G.i.C'9* id €>. 3- «• *3-

30	G. 3*c* *°3«

31	G.3.c.9^* repented,

25 G. 2. c. 22, ao O.a.c.93. 2SG.3.C.X12.

lO,3.&59.

22 te 23 Car. 2. c.2. repeated at refpedsihe Amount of the Sum paid by Bate.

40 G. 3t (I.) ju to making the Rates repealed.

Cap. li*

An AA for enlarging the Term and Power* of ficmal A6b, Ink aa the fame relate to the Road* from Birmingham throagk IVtdncfbury, to High Bullen, and other Road* therein oeataod, in the Counties of Warwick, Worccficr and Siafird.

[31ft Mtj 181$.]

Cap. lu«

An AA for more effeAually repairing the Road from B'tQkfodt to Aleonbury Hill, and other Road* therein mentioned, a the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon• (a)	[31ft	Mej	1816.]

Cap• lui*

An AA for continuing the Term, and altering and edugnf the Power* of feveral AA* pafled Tor repairing the Roach fron Sbrewjbury through EUefmere in the County of Safy, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the Comity of Denbigh, and other Roads in the faid A As mentioned, fo hr a relates to the EUefmere DiftriA of the (aid Road*. (4.)

[31k Maj rSi6.j

[.Additional Trufiees. Former Tolls to ceafe, mew Tebs greed]

Cap. liv.

An A A to amend an A A of the Second Year A Ha priest Majefly, for the better Relief and Employment of debar of the Parifh of Saint James, within the Liberty of Wfm$gr% and another AA of the Firft Year of King James the Stand, for ercAing the faid Parifh.	[20th	Jw	1816.]

Cap. Iv.

An AA to enlarge the Powers of an AA paffed in the Twenty-fecond and Twenty-third Year* of the Reign of Ha Majdy King Charles the Second, for making the Minor of Pens Garden a Parifh, and to enable the Parifhioners of Seat Senior'; Southwark to raife a Maintenance for Miniftert, and for Repcn of their Church; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[20th Jwu 1816.]

Cap. Ivk

An A A for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parifh of Sent b*C the Martyr, in Southwark, in the County of Strrtj; isd i other Purpofe* relating thereto.	[20th Jut iWJ

Cap. lvu*

An A A to explain and amend an AA of Hi* prefent Mijdy* k paring, cleaning, lighting and otherways improwing the Torn« Belfqft, in the County of Antrim, and for bettor effcdbg^ Purpofe*.	[2«h/nri8i^

Cf

A.D.ms.

S6tfGE0.IIL

C.xxl

U9

Confumer, and thereupon he, (he or they is and are hereby required to .

pay to the Seller named in fuch Ticket, the Metage therein fpecified,

and if the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning fuch Ticket (hall Labouring Me-

after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in purfuance of this ter refuting to

A6fc, retufc to deliver fuch Ticket as hereinbefore dire&ed to the ^1^^rickctt0

Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals arman'

therein defcribed, fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and if Penalty.

fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Carman not de-

Coala defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall, after the fame Ticket (hall Jjj1

have been fo delivered to him by the Labouring Coal Meter coun- c 1

terfigning the fame, either alter or negled, or refufe to deliver the

fame Ticket to the Purchafer or Conlumer therein named, or to the

Agent or Servant who (hall attend to receive the Coals defcribed in

fuch Ticket, fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead or drive

the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall forfeit and pay, for every penajty.

fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Wharfinger or Whaifingers Dealer in Coals (hall dire&ly or indire&ly give or offer, or caufe to be giving Bribei to given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter Meters.

or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals meafured by the Bufhel, or over and above the One Smiling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Principal or La- Meters rtctiv-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed purfuant to

this A&, (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered a falfe or counterfeited Ticket*. Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Confumer, Carman or other Perfon, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-ever, or (hall take or receive from aay Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals meafured by the Bufhel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Corns fold by Weight, or if fuch Principal Land or Labouring Coal Meter (hallawiUingly permit or fuffer to be made falfe Meafure of any Coals, or (hall deliver, a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he (hall have not feen meafured, or (nail counterfign any Vender’s Ticket for any Coals, without having infpe&ed fuch Coals, or without feeing and taking Care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, /hall have been firfb completely emptied out of and loaded from fuch particular Room or	,	'

Rooms fo fold, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever ferving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.	Penalty.

XXV. And

£lxiiL

£8° GEO. IIL

4JX1U&

j3 0.3.c. 1^4.

550.3. «. 184.

(u.

repealed.

Power to ftop up Pert of Narrow Wall.

*	in veiled the Sum of Fifty thoafand Pounds Sterling in the Par 1 chafes of Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trufta 4 mentioned in the faid stated Ad: And Whereas an Ad wa

*	pafled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of Hit pnk 4 Majefty, intituled Am A3 for altering, enlarging and tsin&ti k 4 Powers of an A3 of His prefent Mqjefy* for bml£nf a Briip 4 over tie River Thames, at tie PrecinS of the Savoy, «r not lien-4 unto ; and making Roads and Avenues to eommuuicaig tbtmtib,k

*	tie Counties g/'Middlefex and Surrey: And Whereas the fadCofr

*	pany have proceeded in the Execution of the (even! Works bjthe ‘ laid recited Ads authorized, and have completed the Arches of tie 4 (aid Bridge: And Whereas it is expedient for the Pnroofa of tie 4 faid Ads, that Part of a certain Road or Street called Norm 4 Wally near the Abutment of the (aid Bridge, ia the County of 4 Surrey, (hould be flopped up, and that a more dired Comminbtia

*	(hould be made from or near a certain Street or Road called the

*	Commercial Road lying on the Eaftern Side of the intended Road

*	from the faid Bridge, to the Obelifk in Saint Gtorre’t in

*	the (aid County of Surrey^ to that Part of the faid Street or Read

*	called Narrow Wally which lies on the Weft era Side of 1 cetaa 4 Moufe, Slaughter Houfe and Yard, in the Occupation of Hauler 4 Everardy by a new Road to be made by the faid Ompayfortk

*	Purpofe, and alfo that the faid Company fhonld have ft*er to

4 make an Archway over Part of the faid new Road; vditisitfo 4 expedient that fomeof the Provifions of the faid	or ok of

*	them, (hould be altered and amendedMay it tfendbf? pbfe Your Majefty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&edVjThe King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice asd Cori&t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ndnjrioi Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, fd much of the faid recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Rdp of His prefent Majefty as enads, that nothing therein or ia tk fid recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* puiffit Majefty contained, (hould extend or be deemed or conftraedtooted to enable the faid Company of Proprietors to ftop up or obftred tie Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the Parifh of Stitt Min Lambethr in the County of Surrey, (hall be and the ftme u hetebr repealed.

II. And be it further enaded. That the faid Company of Pt> prietora (hall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ftop up that Part of the prefent Road or Way Narrow Wally which lies between the Eaftern End of the isstoi new Road by this Ad authorized to be made, and the Wcfterck' or Side of the Premifea belonging to or occupied by Afaw JEverarJ •*. Provided always, that nothing herein contained (ball a# or be confirmed to extend to authorize, empower or enable rtt d Company of Proprietors to ftop up, obftrud or alter any ftiti$ faid Street or Way called Narrow Wall, except only fociArt*1 herein particularly mentioned and fpecified, and within the L**5 prescribed by this Ad, any thing herein contained to the cow! thereof in anywife notwithftandmg: Provided alfo, that herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued' to extend to enable faid Company of Proprietors to ftop up that Part of the to ^ or Way called Narrow Wall, hereinbefore mentioned, wd ^

la

A. D. 1316.

751

66• GEO- III.	C. xxu

Tuch cafe every fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Bulhel (hall be kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurement of any Coals fold within the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpe£bve Cities of London and Wefmindert or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpe&ive Counties of Middle-fex, Surrey, Kent and EJfex, as is or are fituate within the Didance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, which (hall not be fuch Bu(hel as is defcribed iu and by an A6t made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for the fpeedy and ejfe&ual preferring of the Na-•uigation of the River of Thames, by fopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Effex, andfor afcer-taining the Coal Meafure, and which (hall not have been fird damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at WeJlmin-Jter, or at the Guildhall London, previoufiy to the fame being fo kept or ufed, and that every fuch Budiel, previoufly to being fo damped or marked, (hall be fitted for Work and Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, and (hall be fo damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermod Iron or Copper Hoop, and that every fuch Budiel (hall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making ufe of fuch Budiel all Coals (hall be duly heaped up in fuch Buffiel in the Form of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfide of the Budiel to be the Extremity of the Bafe of fuch Cone, and that each and every Chaldron of Coals (hall confid of Thirty fix of fuch Bulhels fo heaped, and fo in Proportion for any leffer Quantity ; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, (hall keep or make ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Budiel in the Admeafurement of any Coals other than fuch Budiel as aforefaid, and fo damped as aforefaid, or (hall in anywife decreafe or dimini(h any fuch Budiel damped as aforefaid, or (hall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, (hall make ufe of in admeafuring of any Coals any Bu(hel other than fuch Budiel as aforefaid damped as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (hall in any manner decreafe or diminidi any fuch Bu(hel damped as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Servant or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively for every fuch Offence (hall be committed to the Houfe of Corre&ion, by any One or more Judice or Judices of the Peace for the City, County, Town or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be diflatisfied with the Meafurement which dull have been made of any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Warehoufe or

other

Penalty.

What Bu(hel Meafure to re made ufe of.

ia Ann. Stat. a. c.17. § 11,10. To be (tamped.

Vender, Ac. ufing Bufliel n<X> (tamped.

Penalty.

Diminishing

Bu(heL

Imprifontnent.

Venders, ftc. of Coala fold as Wharf Meafure, if dfflatisfied, may hgve them remsafcred.

772

C.bdii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.H1&

Raid to be aside

according co Plan, dec. lodged with the Clerk of the Peace.

Miftaket in Schedule not to affect the Pur-pefes of this A6L

Compenfation for Buildinga required for New Rood.

and it (hall alio be lawful for the faid Company, and for their Engineer, or Surreyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, from time to tise to enter upon the Lands and Premifes through which or whoropn fiich Road or Alterations is or are intended to be made or pit, and alfo upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to Me os: fuch Road or. Alterations, in fuch manner as the (aid Coapmy, or their Engineer or Surveyor, (hall think neceflary or proper, witboct being deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaffers, and without being (atjed or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punifhment for entering or css-tin uing upon fuch Lands or Premifes refpe&ively, for uy d it Purpofes of this A A; and if any Perfon (hall puQ up, tarn or | deftroy, any of the Stakes or other Marks ufed in laying out U I Road or Alterations, every Perfon fo offending dull forfeit ad pir for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

* V. And Whereas a Map or Plan, and Book of Referac^ dr-‘ feribing and delineating the intended new Road from the Cmuml 4 Road to.Narrow Wall aforefaid, and the Premifes oatmed and ‘ contained in the faid Schedule to this Ad annexed, hive bade-4 pofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid Conntyof Be it therefore further enaded. That the (aid Map or Phn, and Book of Reference, (hall remain in the Cuftody of the lad (H of the Peace, to the end that all Perfons intended therm nar a all feafonable times have Liberty to infped and penile tk be, and take Conies or Extrads thereof, at their Wul and Pfcafare, paying to fuch Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One SkEagiorewy (uch lnfpedion, and after the Rate of Sixpence foreitn Wy two Words of fuch Copies or Extrads of the (aid Book oiU-rence ; and that the faid Company in making the (aid Rod Mb* deviate more than Five Yards of Three Feet each from the Ibe de-feribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confieot and Approbation in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Poke, Corporate or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Pimifis fach Deviation (hall be made.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the fad Company (hall have full Power and Authority to make and cdba the'faid Road hereby authorized to be made, and may purebafe sod take Pofleffion for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads ud thisA& of any of the Lands, Grounds, Houfest Buildings, Tenements d Hereditaments fet out or mentioned and deferibed in the Odd Fas and Book of Reference, or in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, sc:-withftanding the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfoos feS* may have been omitted or miftated, or incorre&ly fpelt in the hd I Book of Reference or Schedule, in cafe it (hall appear to any T« i or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of frrm, ri be certified by Writing under their Hands that fuch Error,

or incorreffc Description proceeded from Mifkake.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid CompanybH make Compenfation to the Owners and Occupiers of the bd Buildings required to be taken down for the Purpofe of maiangthe faid New Road herein authorized, in lieu of the bid Pvt of AW Wall to be flopped up, for the Value of fuch Buildings only; d alfo for any incidental Damage to be fufbtined by the ukifig d ufing thereof, in manner diie&ed by the faid recited Ad « tt Forty ninth Year of Hit prefent Majefty, in refped of Hosb

66° GEO. Ill

C<%&

753

to any Penalty or Penalties in trfpeft thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enafted, That the Vender or Venders Vender* to di*> of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and fent as and for Wharf liver Ticket* of Meafure, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within the faid Port	ea	ure*

of London, or within the faid refpeftive Cities of London or Wef~ tntnfitr9 or the rqfpeftive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpeftive Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent or EJfex, as is or are Situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from tho Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchaser8 thereof from any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or caufe to be deli*

1	yered, a printed picket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver, or

1	other Perlon (hall and is required to deliver or caufe to be delivered,

1	the fame Ticket fo received from fuch Vender to the Purchafer or

Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants* f before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or i other Carriage, (hall be (hot or delivered therefrom, and every fu^h

-	Ticket or Paper (hall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER’S TICKET.

-	! m* B. [Here infert the Name of the Buyer] Take Noticed 4 that you are to receive herewith [Here tnfert the NumberJ • Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, [Here tnfert the

c	4 Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals, f Here

..	4	tnfert the Number] Sacks of [Here tnfert the Name of the] Coals }

c	4	and that by an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign

4	of King George the Third, the Carman is direfted to deliver this

;	4	Ticket, before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Wag-

4 gon, and that a Buftiel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by \	4 which the Carman is direfted to meafure gratis (under the Penalty

4 of Twenty Pounds) the Coals contained in any One Sack which 4 the Purchafer or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain 1	4 Three Bufhels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outfide of

4 the Meafdre being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof. C, D.

[	4 [ Here tnfert the Name of the Vender.] E* F. [Here tnfert the Name

4 of the Labouring Meter, in cafe of the Coals being fent from within ‘	4 either of the DtftriQs of the faid refpeQive Offices.] Dated [ Here

4 tnfert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear when fuch |	4 Ticket was fgncdjy

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders (hall not delivef, or caufe Vender not r to be delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Purchafer or Pur- llferiD8 Ticket, chafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant of Servants before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Vender or Venifers (hall, for every iuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of or other Perfon Penalty.

. attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any Carnwn not fuchwCoals aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket fhall nave been given by Ticket to Pur* or by the Direftion of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the chafer, i Purchafer, (hall (having fo firft received the feme from the Vender ! or any Perfon by the Vender’s Orders) rtfufe or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Buyer or Buyers of iuch Coals, or 56 Geo. III.	3 C	to

774

ChdiL

Ajm

06° GEO. HI.

Company may exchange certain Lands with the Duchy of Cornwall

•	this A& ill the a&ual Pofleffioa or Occupation ef the hid trio*

•	gular 5lip or Piece of Land, and of the (aid other Land adjomiij,

4 as alfo of the faid Wharf fo refpe&ively purebafed of the lad 4 Principal, Fellows and Scholars, and of the laid Jokn Hakn 4 Beaufoy, and Thomat James 9 and Jervoi/e Clerks Jerxuft Efqwe

*	as aforefaid : And Whereas a Part of the faid tmogolv Slip ar 4 Piece of Land will be required for the making and eoaftrotef tie 4 intended New Road mentioned in this A A, from the RoadoSed 1 the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforefaid; and it wfl&

4 be convenient and ueceflary that the laid Company of IVopritton

*	fhould retain a certain other Part of the faid triangular Slip, of 4 the Breadth of One hundred and eleven Feet Sii Inches fitn 4 Eaft to Weft, extending from the North End thereof to the hod 4 intended New Road, from the Commercial Road to Afarrar IW 4 aforefaid, and that the fame fhould be vefted in the faid Coapasj 4 of Proprietors and their Succeffors; and the faid Coupuy of 4 Proprietors have propofed to convey to His faid Royal Highnds 4 the Prince of Wales % in exchange for the Land fo to be retard 4 by them as aforefaid, certain Parts of the faid Wharf fo pomhaled 4 of the faid Jervoije Gierke Jervoi/e Efquire, and of the hid Mcf 4 fuage or Tenement and Yard, which they have given Nodoe of 4 their Intention to purchafe as aforefaid, containing Forty time Reel 4 and Six Inches in Breadth from Eaft to Weft; and alfo the Site of 4 that Part of the faid Street or Way abutting there* aid tie

4 Narrow Wall9 to be ftopped up as afoiefaid, to be vefted kHk 4 Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, his Hein and tain 4 Dukes of Cornwall, to be and remain Part and Parcel of the Sad 4 Duchy of Cornwall, as an Equivalent for thofe Parts of the hid 4 triangular Slip of Land, fo to be vefted in tlie Bud Company of 4 Proprietors as aforefaid, to which Propofal of Exchange Hit hid 4 Royal Highnefs, with the Advice of his Council, ham agreed;'

Be it therefore further enadted, That His faid Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall or his Sucafforforthetnoe being, (hall and may and he is hereby authorized and eaponoed, in confideration. of the faid Exchange, Transfer and Aigeaent hereinbefore mentioned, to afiign and transfer to the faid Coinpay of Proprietors and their Succeffors all fuch Parts of the find tens* gular Slip or Piece of Land as may be required for making and con* ftru&ing the faid intended New Road from the faid CommmsUUd j ta Narrow Wall aforefaid, and for any other Purpofes of the hid Company ; and the faid Company of Proprietors ihall and may ad they are hereby authorized and empowered to retain to the hid Cub* pany of Proprietors, and their Succeffors, out of and from the hid triangular Slip or Piece of Land fo agreed to be veiled in His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Succeffors Duka of Cornwall, fo much and fuch. Parts thereof as are hereinbefore motioned and propofed to be fo retained; and the faid Company of Proprietors (hall and may and they are hereby authorized and rc* guired to purchafe, convey, afiign and transfer to His faid Royal Highnefs the Prince of Walest nis Heirs and Succeffors Duka of Cornwall^ to be and remain thenceforth for ever Part and Pared of the faid Duchy of Cornwall, and fubje& to the like Rcrerter, Elate and Intereft in or to the King or Queen for the time being, and his qr her Heim and Succeffors, lb much and fuQh Put of the faid

Wharf

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C.xxi.

755

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Pur- Coals Tent by chafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, (hall Land Carnage be diffatisfied with the Meafure of any-Coals fold or to be deli-

vered within the Limits of this A&, or of the faid recited Ad, and purchafer.X lent to him, her or them, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

(hall Signify to the Carman, or other Perfon attending fuch Cart,

Waggon or other Carnage, his, her or their Defire to have the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of fuch Coals remeafured, then and in every fuch cafe the Carman or Driver of fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, in which fuch Coals (hall be brought, (hall, and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the Houfe, Lodging or other Premifes of the Pur-chaler or Purchafers of fuch Coals, with fuch Coals, and the Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, until fuch Coals are remeafured; and Carmsn driving if any fuch Carman or Driver (hall drive away, or permit or fpffer iWay before R«-to be driven away, any fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, be- metfurenQcn^ fore the Coals contained therein (hall be remeafured, without the Confent of the Purchaser or Purchafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and in eveiy fuch cafe fuch Carman or Driver (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty.’

XXXV.	And be it further enaded. That fuch Purchafer or Pur- Purchafers to . chafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, fo defiring fuch ftnd Notice to Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be re-meafured, (hall, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required to fend have Coal*

or caufe to be fent to the Vender or Venders of the laid Coals, or meafured. to his, her or their Wharf, Warehoufe or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the faid Coals are to be remeafured, and fuch Purchafer or Purchafer#, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, (hall, and he,

(he or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter appoiuted by or by virtue of this Ad, or of the Offices of the Principal Land Coal Meters appointed by virtue of the faid recited Ad, of his, her or their Defire to have fuch Coals remeafured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Labouring Meters appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or of the faid recited ter to attend. * Ad, (not being the Meter under whofe lnfpedion the faid Coals were originally meafured,) (hall within the Space of Two Hours next after fuch Notice in Writing, left at the Office of any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter aforefeid, attend from fuch Office where fuch Notice (hall be £0 left at the Houfe, Lodgings or other Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers as (hall be expreffed in fuch Notice, for the Purpofe of reroeafuring the faid Coals, and (hall accordingly remeafure the fame in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders, and Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them (hall attend to fire the fame remeafured; and in cafe fuch Vender or Vender or Pwr* Venders, or Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Agent or chartr not at-Servant, Agents or Servants, (hall not attend for tlje Purpofe of feeing fuch Coals fo remeafured, then fuch Meter (hall proceed on pr<£*d™y the meaforing of fuch Coals in hjs, her or their Abfence, and fuch *

Meter (hall, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Pur-cbafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, to remeafure fuch Coals either by the diftintt Sacks,, fo as to afcertain the Contents of each par-

3 Q %	ticular

Clxiil

56° GEO. ni

A.D.M6

Prsmifts late of Meflr*. Phelps and Company may be taken.

Satiifa&ion to be made in grots Sums.

Incapacitated Perions empowered to convey Leads to the Company by Conlent,

4 XI. And Whereas it is by the faid firft recited Ad enaflrf, 4 that nothing therein contained (hould extend or be conftrned to a* 4 tend to enable the faid Company of Proprietors to take or de ct 4 otherwife to intermeddle with any Wharf, Road, Houfes, Biddags, 4 Grounds or Premifes in the (aid Pariih of Saint Mary Lemkth, n 4 the faid County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Ssusti 4 Phelps y Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebrtdge, trading 4 under the Firm of Phelps and Company, without the Coabt in 4 Writing of the faid Samuel Phelps, Richard Trowari and Birds* 4 Bracebridge, firft had and obtained for that Purpofe: AndWkrcu 4 the faid Company of Proprietors have obtained the Cosiest s 4 Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir Charles CscimE, 4 Baronet, and Charles Greenwood, Eiquire, (in whom the fere 4 Premifes have become vefted for all the Eftate and Inferrf, ktr 4 of the faid Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Bract-4 bridge therein,) authorizing them the faid Company of Proprietor!

4 to take and ufe for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adi ad thk 4 Ad, fo much and fuch Part of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Groaads 4 and Premifes as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad, sad iHo 4 all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Heorods Wharf;7 Be it therefore further enaded. That the faid Company of ftc-prietors (hall have full Power and Authority to take and deb sod of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Grounds and Premifes, c$ ait motioned in the faid Schedule to this Ad, and that the fed free or Parcel of Ground formerly called HeamPs Wharf fall he feiyd to fuch and the fame Powers and Provifions as the fame ws& bit been fubjed to, under or by virtue of the faid recited Afb,« either of them, in cafe no fuch Confent as aforefaid had bra oak requifite by the faid firft recited Ad : Provided always, that the laid Company of Proprietors (hall not be fubjed or liable to take or ufe any greater Part of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Grounds and Premifes, than as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That Satisfadion for any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be ufed or taken for the Purpofes or under the Authority of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or either of them, or for my Injury or Damage that {hall be done or occafioned in carrying the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or either of them, into Execution {hall be made in the manner direded by the faid firft recited Aft, with refped to any Lands taken or ufed, or any Injury or Danagt done in the Execution of the fame Ad, except only that the Sam-fadion to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buddart, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall hereafter be taken or okd for the Purpofes or under the Provifions of the laid recited Aftiad this Ad, or any or either of them, (hall always be made by tk Payment of a Sum of Money in grofs, and not otherwife; andtfat fo much of the faid recited Ads, or either of them, as dire&i fed Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annual Piysxsi, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Company of Proprietors, that it will be more coorakst and advifable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by tk faid recited Ads and this Ad authorized to be made, or the Accdfc or Approaches to the laid Bridge, or either of them, or soy Road

.	.	.	or

56* GEO. III.

C.xxt.

. 757

riage into or upon the Premifet of fuch Purchafer or Purchafer*, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftatiding.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if upon fuch Remea-furement of any Coals fold and fent as and for Pool Meafure by any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage, and which Remeafurement /hall hare been made in fuch manner as to afcertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found to be lefs or more than at the Rate of Three Bufhels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks fpecified in the Vender’s Ticket of fuch Coals, then the Meter who counterfigned fuch Vender’s Ticket of fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency or Excefs (hall exceed Four Bu(hels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of fuch Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every fuch Bu(hel Co exceeding or fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the fum of Twenty Shillings*

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if Upon any fuch Remeafurement, which (hall be fo made fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks fent taken together, of any fuck Coals fold and fent as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, the whole of fuch Coals fo remeafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall amount to or exceed One Bu(hel, repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of fuch Remeafurement; but if fucb Deficiency (hall not amount to One Buftiel, then fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of luch Coals; and if upon any fuch Remeafurement, which (hall be made fo as to afcertain the Quantity contained in each and eveij of the particular Sacks fent, of any Coals fold as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure it (hall be found that One fourth Part or more of the Nunv ber of the Sacks of fuch Coals fold and fent to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bu(hels each refpedively, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of the Remeafurement thereof; but if the Number of fuch particular Sacks Co found deficient (hall not amount to One fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of fuch Coals fo fold and fent, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences (hall (be paid and borne by the Pur* chafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That after any fuch Notice as by this Ad direded (hall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchafer or Purchafers, at any of the faid Principal Land Meter’s Offices, appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, or the faid recited Ad, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of fuch Offices, for tne Purpofe of remeafuring any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Meafure, then, and in every fuch cafe, the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being at any of fuch re-fpedive Office or Offices, where fuch Notice (hall have been given or fent, is and are hereby authorised and .required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters, from his or their Office or refpedive Offices, for the Purpofe of making the Remeafurement, and fuch refpedive Labouring Meters, or Labouring Meter (hall, and are, and is hereby re* quired and authorized to remeafure any fuch Coals which they or be (hall be fo fent to remeafure, whether the Purchafer or Purchafers

3 C 3	of

Iq cafe of any Coals fold Tor Pool Meafure proving deficient on fuch Reroea-furetnent.

Penalty on Meter.

By whom the. Expences of fuch Remeafurement are to be paid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to meafure the Coals.

776

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for PaiLtge of Perfons for Three Years, and UTue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Colle&ors to put up their Names.

Cotied on offending.

C.lxiii.	56*	GEO. III.	AJX IS1 d

4 XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Afcest to th

*	faid Bridge on the South Side thereof, without defraying or a c commoding the free PaiTage of Perfons, Horfes and Carnages riss c the faid intended Road hereby authorized to be made from die b 4 Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall afereiridl i

*	will be neceffary that an Arch (hould be con&ruded or at 4 over the faid intended Road, and under the afcendhg An 4 or Road to the faid Bridge on the South Side thereof^ Be i therefore further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawfrlto for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby an rized and empowered, at their own proper Coda and Charges, a make or caufe to be made an Arch or Archway otct or upon the fa intended Road, of a Width not being lefsthan Twenty 6x Feeta the Bottom or wide ft Space thereof, and of a Height boag not ‘ than Twenty four Feet above the .Level of certain Lais cafe Prince9s Meadows, in the Parifh of Lambeth, in the Corner cf Surrey•

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have full Power and Authority to contrad or agree with any Perfon or Perfons for hit, her or their fr^e Paffage over the faid Bridge, and along the fold Reads, for mr time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one font fee feci Sum as to the faid Committee (hall feem meet, and therrspeo teMar One or more Ticket or Tickets to fuch Perfon or Perioe% la enaUr him, her or them to pafs Toll free over the foid Bridge, ml aloag the faid Roads, for the time for which fuch Contrad hs&Vnt has made ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall lend or traits fodk Ticket for the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, and whereby fuch other Perfon or Perlons (hall under colour of feck Ticket pafs over the faid Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the faid Roads Toll free, fuch Perfon or Fnrfaas fc> offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Son not exceeding Forty Shillings, for th&Ufe of the foid Company.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the foid Coopaay lei! and they are hereby direded and required to canfe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be coaftantly affixed on the From of all the Tarapikes or Toll Houfes to be eroded on or near the (rid Bridge, in large legible Charaders, that the Payment of Toll at m one Turnpike or Gate (hall free and exempt the Perfon or Perfoi paying the fame from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, fir or in refped of paffing once over the foid Bridge ; and if my ftrfo or Perfons (hall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice os fori Board, he, (he or they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pajm Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That every To# Caflriter appointed either by the faid Company of Proprietors, or byaj Leflee or Leflees under them, to colled the Tolls payable a ay Turnpike or Toll Gate to be ereded by virtue of the find itetri Ads or this Ad, (hall and he is hereby required to place iris Ck£ tian and Surname, painted on a Board in argibfe Charadent»tbf Front or on fome other confjpicubus Part of & Toll HoofeorM Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and (hall coatmae tk fome fo placed during the whole time he (hail be upon fodiDttf; and if any Colk&or of the faid Toils Ball not place forik Board *

afoidrid.

56° GEO. III.

759

C.xxi.

proper Weight* (hall be given according to fuch Quantity of' Coals cxprefled in fuch Vender’s Ticket ; and for fuch Infpe&ion of fuch Coals fo fold by Weight there (hall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by .the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-, hotife or other Place from whence fuch Coals (hall be fent, to the principal Land Coal Meter appointed by or by virtue of this A&,

Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fo weighed under the Meter’s In- Fee to Principal fpe&ion, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than Meter.

One Ton, and fuch Sum of Money (hall be repaid to fuch Vender or Venders by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed. That the Vender or Venders. Vender’* Ticket of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals fo fold by Weight within the, to be fent with Limits of this A&, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the Pur-* ^k/old by chafer or Purchafers thereof, or to his, her or their Servant or Ser- WtlB r‘ vants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which fuch Coals (hall be fent, and before any of fuch Coals (hall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to fay,

*	MR-	[Here	infert	the	Name	of	the	Buyer.] Take Notice,

*	That you are to receive herewith [Here infert the Number]

4 Tons [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, for infpe&ing which

*	Coals vou are, in conformity to an A6t of Parliament made in the 1 Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay

*	me the underfigned [Here infert the Name of the Seller] the Sum

*	of [Here infert the Amount of the InJpeQion Charge'] being at and 4 after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold to and to be

*	received by you herewith.’

(Signed)	C.	D.	[Here	infert	the	Name	of the Seller.]

(Counterfigned) E. F. [Here infert the Name of the Meter.]

And in cafe fuch Vender or Venders do not deliver, or caufe to be Vender not <fe-delivered, fuch Ticket as aforefaid, and fo counterfigned by a Meter Uvering Ticket, as aforefaid, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals are unloaded, every fuch Vender (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; and in cafe the Penalty. Carman, Driver of or other Perlon attending any fuch Cart, Wag- Carman not gon or other Carriage, laden with any fuch Coals to whom any fuch dcl£er,r*?J.ame Ticket (hall have been given by or by the Orders of the Vender, urc a *r’ in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall (having fo firft received the fame from the Vender or any Perfon by the Direction of the Vender) refufe or negleft to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be unloaded, fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. . Penalty.

XLI I. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all .Coals CqjJ* to be fold whatsoever fold within the Limits of this A&, fave and except only either by fuch Coals as (hall be fold by Weight in manner aforefaid, (hall be Weight, or by fold either by the Chaldron, fuch Chaldron to confift of Thirty fix n e/^Jaidron of fuch Bufhels fo heaped up as aforefaid, or elfe by fuch Bufhel as u aforefaid, or by the Half Bufhel, Peck or Half Peck, provided fuch {mallei Meafure (hall be Some aliquot Part of fuch Bufhel Meafure, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

3 C 4	XLIII. Pro.

C. lxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.18H

&

of Sewers for certain Kent.

bid Company of Proprietors to ftop up, alter, vary or with any Sewer or Drain without the Leave and Coolest of Commiffioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from Ea/l in the faid County of Surrey, to Raven/bonu in the County rent9 for that Purpofe firft had and obtained.

* XXII. And Whereas the faid Bridge when completed wul * a Work of great Stability and Magnificence; and fbch Wot 4 are adapted to tranfmit to Pofterity the Remembrance of git 4 and glorious Achievements? And Whereas the bid Compel 4 are delirous that a Defignation (hail be given to the bid Bnd 4 which (hall be a lading Record of the brilliant and derifire V 4 tory achieved by His Majefty’s Forces, in c&nrundioQ with dm 4 of his Allies, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thoobad 6§L 4 hundred and fifteenBe it therefore further enaded, That 6m and after the paffiog of this Ad the faid Bridge (hall be catted mi denominated The Waterloo Bridge, and (hall ceale to be crikd by th Name of The Strand Bridge ; and the bid Company baS alb, fan and after the pafiing of this Ad, be called by the Nine and Styh of 4 The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge/ sod by that Name (hall have perpetual Succefiion and a Commas Seal, aad by that Name (hall and may fue and be.fued, and alfo fhaO md cay have full Power and Authority to purchafe Lands, Tesesests and Hereditaments to them, their Succeflors and Affigm, for the Ufe of the faid Bridge, Roads or other Works by thrisd noted Ads and this Ad authorized to be made, and for the (even! other Per-pofes in the faid recited Ads and this Ad mentioned, wfthaut marring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes o! hkottsab •, and aHo to fell any of the Lands, Tenements or HeffdAnemt pir-chafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, to all Intents and Purposes u i they had been originally named and ftyled in the bid firft reeled Ad, 4 The Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Brid$toi (hall, from and after the palling of this Ad, ceale to be cdbd n	4 The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge/ sad *hJ

prinmvofthe °* cea^e to ^ue an<*	by	Name	of	4	The	Company	of	Ptt-

The Bridge to be called ‘ The Waterloo Bridge,* and the Company to be ftyled 4 The Company of Proprietors of the Waterloo Bridge.*

And Qullceafe to be called and fued as The

pnetors < Strand Bridge.

I

Appointing additional Com-miflioners.

4 prietors of the Strand Bridge Provided always, that noihi$ herein contained (hall extend to annul or affed, or be conftnsd annul or affed, any Ad or Ads heretofore done by the bid Company, or any Suit or Suits brought by or again!! the bid Coe->any, or any Purchafe or Sale of Lands by the bid Compsty rr 'uch Alteration of their Name and Style; but that all Proaefci whatever commenced or pending in their original Name acd Str> may be continued in fuph Name and Style, notwithfUnding the P?> vifion hereinbefore contained for the Alteration thereof, or in it Name and Style hereafter to be ufed by the bid Camper, virtue of this Ad, as to the Committee of the bid Compasr ta' feem meet.

XXIII. And be it further enaded, That Sir Jofoh iydm Torke Knight, James Brogden Efquire, Sir Benjamin Blotmfrd Knight, and the Reverend John Rufh9 (hall be, and they are hersfcy conftituted Commiffioners for executing the feveral Powen in sad by the faid recited Ad of the Forty niuth Year of His prefent Majeftr fpecially provided and direded to be executed, in addition to t* Commiffioners nominated and appointed by the bine A&; sod ur faid Commiffioners hereby nominated (hall be and they are herefa

arvdbi

.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. Ixiii.

781

ed with all the Fun&ions, Powers and Authorities by the faid d A A given to the faid Commiffioners therein mentioned, and be fubjed to all the Reftridions, Claufes, Provifoes and tments in the fame Ad contained in relation to the faid Com-•ners.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Ads of 49 G.3. c. 191. orty ninth and Fifty third Years of His prefent Majefly, and 53 0*3* c. 184. id every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provifions,

ilations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things onfC **

foever therein contained, fo far as the fame were in force at

ime of paffing this Ad, and alfo fo far as the fame are not

?f$ly altered or repealed by this Ad, Ihall extend and be con-

d to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effed, with

&	to all matters and things to be done, or which may arife in

Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually as if the fame and

f of them were repeated and reenaded in this Ad, and were

: Part thereof; and the fame recited Ads and this Ad (hall, as

1 matters and things whatfoever, except as aforefaid, be conftrued

>ne Ad.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the Expences of obtaining For defraying palling of this Ad fhall be paid by the faid Company out of Expences or firft Monies arifing or to arife by virtue of the faid recited Ads

)f this Ad, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the faid ipany.

[XVI. And be ft further enaded. That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Aft. taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice 8 fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially ided.

The SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

| County. |	Number on Plan.	DESCRIPTION  of  PROPERTY.
	I.	Shed
•9	2.	Yard, &c.
>«  W	3-	Sewer - *
g  p*	4*	Lately a Shed, now
a		pulled down, lately
co		Me(Tr9. Phelps and
u.  0  X  w		Co.
a  9	5-	Yard extending*}
6		northward to Nar->
a		row Wall - - j
	6.	Shed - Ditto
|cg	7-	Small Dwelling Houfe
	8.	Public Houfe and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company « --- Ditto

Archbi(hop of Can-' terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Efquire, .Leafeholders -

Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Efquire.

- - - Ditto

........Ditto.

-----Ditto -

- - - - Ditto -f Archbifhop of Can-*} 4 terbury 5 Whitbread > (.and Co. Leafeholders J

Thomas Vince. . James Bone.

George Pitman.

782	C.Iriii—lxvi.	56° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE—continued.

AJ).\8I6.

"O .

5 *

la

k ..

f-}x

ww

Aq4

<t>-

>?*0

3*

?3

CO

.2 5

£1

I 8

DESCRIPTION

of

PROPERTY.

IO.

11.

12.

*3

I4.

x5*

16.

,7-

28.

29.

and

29.

Public Houfe and Yard, Salutation

Small Dwelling Houfe

-	- - - Ditto -	Ditto -

-	- - - Ditto -Narrow Wall -Lime Tree Court Small Dwelling Houfe

Houfe, Shop, Slaughter Houfe9 and Yard

UUK

Dwelling Houfe and Garden

Yard and Ground, late Phelps and Co.

OWNERS.

Archbifhop of Can-1 • terbury ; Barclay and > Perkins, Leaseholders J Archbifhop of Can-* terbury; Executrix of the Rev. Jofhua Winter, deceafed, Jordan Kempfter, and Maria Wright, Leafeholders J -----Ditto -

-	- - Ditto -

-	Ditto -

---- Ditto -

----Ditto -

(Archbifhop of Can-1 terbury; Strand Bridge Company, Leafehold era	-	-j

Archbifhop of Can-' terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Efquire, Leafeholders

OCCUPIER!

Widow Brom.

Strand Bridge Company.

----Ditto.

Edward Frith-Mary Onto.

Empty.

r Aland*	j

(fremi

Strand hn&g*' Compsay. \

Unoccupied.

Cap. lxiv.

. An Ad for improving the Port and Harbour of IFatetfirdiadb other Purpofes relating thereto.	[loth	Jam

Cap. lxv.

An Ad for eftablifhing a New Church, called the Church of Smt Marl, fituate in the Town and Parifh of Liverpool\ in the Coogtr Palatine of Lancqfter.	[20th	Jam	ni]

' Cap. kvL

%% 0.3. c. 83. An Ad for the better Relief and more effeduaQy employing ti* Poor of the Townfhip of Shardloeu and Wthu> in the County of Derby, and the fevend Parities and Places therein mentioned c the (aid County, and in the Counties of LeiceMer and Nottkrhe*

[20th Jm 181&]

Cep

56° GEO. IIL

Cxxl

763

Majefiy, his Heir* and Succeflors, and the other Moiety thereof f together with Double Cods of Suit) (hall be to and for the Ufe of Double Cofti. the Perfon or Perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame. .

JLI. And be it further enaded, That when any Diftrefs (hall be Dtirefc not unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this lawful for want Ad, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor (hall the Form* Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Tref-. pallets, on account of any Defed or want of Form in the Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaflers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which (hall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satitfadion tor the 1‘pecial Damage fuftained in any A&ion on the cafe.

JLI I. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Convidion of Offenders Form of Con-againft this Ad, be it further enaded, That every Juftice of the vision* Peace before whom any Perfon (hall be convided of any Offence again!! this Ad, (hall and may caufe the Convidion to be drawn up according to the following Form ; videlicet,

*	IDE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in	the Year of our Lord

*	A.	B,	is	convided	before	me,

4 One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the

*	[Here	fyecify	the	Offence, and the time and

€ Place when and where committed, eu the cafe may he"] contrary to an 4 Ad of Parliament made in the Fifty (ixth Year of the Reign of € King George the Third, intituled [Here infert the Title of this € Aft.J Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year firft

*	above written.*

LIII- And be it further enaded, That no Plaiptiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiff not to (hall recover in any Adion, to be commenced again!! any Perfon or recover after Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice Renderof in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Amends» Twenty one Days before fuch Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Adion ; nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion at any time before Iflue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order and Judgment (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Adion or Limitation of Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing Allions, done in purfuance of this Ad after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County where the Caufe of Adion (hall arife $ and if any fuch Adion or Suit Audi be brought before Twenty one Days’ Notice (hall have been given, or after a fufficient Satiafadion

made

Cbutiii.

56° GEO. UI.

A.D.I31*

lxxiii.

An AA for eftablifhing and regulating a Fund for the Widsn Children and Relatives of Officers or Perfons belonging to the D< partment of Cuftoms in England.	[aid	Jw* 1816.

CertainOfficer*

of Curatis to ele& a Com-mittee for the Fannation and Regulation of the Fund.

Committee to •led a Chairman*

Committee in Rales to fpecify the Power of the

&C.

*	TT 7 HERE AS the Eftablifhment and Regulation of a Fax! in

*	W the conditional Benefit and Relief of the Widow ad

*	Children or other Relatives of the eftablifhed Officers, Cfcrb or ‘ other Perfons employed in the Department of the Caicos n

*	England would be highly beneficial; but the lame cannot be dec*

*	ually made without the Aid of ParliamentBe it therefore eac*l by The Ring's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adnceiri Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coausoss, a this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of tie fax. That all the eftablifhed Officers, Clerks and other Periods permaady employed in the Department of the Cuftoms in the Port of Ltd*, who mall have figned a Notice in the Form in the Scbedile to this Ad annexed, marked A., fignifying that they accede to the Contribution of Poundage authorized by this Ad, in aid of the gmeraJ Purpofes of the Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund, sod tbli have delivered fuch Notice to the Perfoa to be appointed by die Commiffioners of the Cuftoms to receive the* fame, fall meet oo (sx Day and at fome Time and Place to be appointed for that Popok by the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms, and which the faidCoasufinm of the Cuftoms, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint within Fourteen Days after the paffing of fa Aft* sad to caufe Seven Days’ Notice to be given of fuen Day, Tax sd Place, in fuch manner as they (hall deem expedient and fo&iett; and the fenior Officer in the Department prelent at fnch Meeting fhall be the Prefident and Chairman of fuch Meeting, and bait tlx cafting Voice in cafe of Equality of Votes at fuch Meeting; id tfe Officers and Perfons prefent at fuch Meeting fhall eled andDomimt: Twelve Perfons fuperintending in the faid Department, or bong Principals of Offices, and not being Clerks, as a Committee for tie Formation of the Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund; which hid Committee fhall ele& and nominate a Prefident or Chairman, and OuT forthwith proceed to confider and make and arrange fuch Roles mi ! Regulations for the Eftablifhment and Formation of a Fond fix tix Benefit of the Widows and Children or other Relatives of the Ei*> j lifhed Officers, Clerks other Perfons belonging to or employed k the Department of the Cuftoms in England, and the regulating tk Conduit and Management of the faid Fund, and raffing, collt&Lj and receiving the Subscriptions and Contributioo of Powdigt neceffiury for forming fuch Fund,* and paying all Anuuities and Chis thereout, and making Tables of Rates of Subscription to ad Payments out of fuch Fund for that Purpofe, and alio the Numbered Defcription of Dire&ors, Truflees. Auditors, Secretary or other Officers neceffary for managing and conducing the laid Fund, asd the Colle&ion and fafe Cuftody of the Monies from time to time to be raifed and fubferibed, and the Intereft and growing Produce irifisg therefrom, and paying all Sums to be paid thereoat according to fuch Rules, Regulations and Tables; and it fhaQ be lawful for the j laid Committee m fuch Rules and Regulations to Specify therefpe&ne I

PbWTTi

A. D. 1816.

56‘GEO.IIL

C. xxyu—ray.

766

Cap. xxvii.

An Ad to repeal a certain Part of an Ad, paffed in the laft Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An AS to amend an AS of Hit prefent Majefty, for efablijhing a Ferry acroft the River Thame* at Woolwicn, in the County of Kent.	[21ft	May l8l6«J

Cap. xxviii.

An Ad for repairing and altering the Parifh Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlefex9 and for making further Provifion for the Redor of the faid Parifh, [21ft May 1816.]

Cap. xxix.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Peak For eft to Beards and from Peak Fore/l aforefaid, to or near to Woodlands* all in the County of Derby.	[21ft May 1816.]

Cap. xxx.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from near Gatton Lodge, in the County of Surrey* to Povey Croft* in the faid County. (b)	[21ft May 1816.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leominfter* in the County of Hereford. (a)	[21ft May 1816.]

[Additional Truftees• One Toll to ceafe* and Two full Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Ad for repairing and improving the Road from the Lyme Turnpike Road in the Parifh of Gittjybam* to Sidmouth, in the County of Devon. (b)	[21ft May 1816. j

Cap. xxxiii.

An Ad to redify a Miftake in an Ad of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Bowesf in the County of Tort, to join the Great North Road, near Sunderland Bridge^ in the County of Durham.	[21ft	May 1816. j

Cap. xxxiv.

An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road leading from Fam-borough, in the County of Kent* to Riverhill in the Parifh of Sevenoaks in the faid County. (6)	[21ft	May 1816. J

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for altering and amending feveral Ads in regard to the Duty of Two Pennies Soots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer fold in the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent.

[31ft May 1816.3

Cap.

55 G.3.C.18. as limitiog the DifUoce for carrying Paftengen, fcc. acroft the River to Two Miles, repealed.

40C.3. c.65. continued.

53®. 3.0.13.

W G. a. c. 4. >3 G. 3,0.91. 36 G. 3. c. xti repealed.

3 O.3.C.5.

9 G. 1. c.i4* 25 G. %. c.9.

38G.3.C.54*

786

C. lxxiii.

56° geo. ni.

AJ).15!6.

Poundage not to extend to Day Pay, Coco pen-fctton or Superannuation XU tournee.

Officer*, ftc. giving Notice, may decline the Contribution of Poundage.

Officers, See. declining Contri-

te make fuch Contribution, in manner dire&ed by this Ad; ad fuch Contribution fhall be afiefied for the firft Eight Quarters, to be reckoned from the Commencement of fuch Contribution, or the* forth from the Firft A fie Ament of every Officer, Clerk or other Perfon as aforefaid, appointed after the pafling of this Ad, to the faid Department of Cuftoras, in refpedl of whom the hid Coctrih-tion of Poundage is hereby declared to be, and thereafter to coeti:se to be compulfory, at the Rate of Two pence in every Poosd ter-ling, and in every fra&ional Part of a Pound Sterling, and for every fucceeding Quarter, the Sum of One Penny in every Pound Stasng, and in every fra&ional Part of a Pound Sterling; Provided 1H0, that nothing in this A6t contained (hall extend, or becodbrali; extend, to authorize the taking any fuch Contribution of Poundage out of the Day Pay Allowance of any Perfon or Pcrfonswhatever, employed in the Department of the Cuftoms, or to the Salary or Sum awarded by way of Compenfation or Superannuate to m Officers, Clerks or other Perfons, who belong or may haiebdx^d to the faid Department; and the Firft Contribution (ball be nM levied, collected and deduced out of the Salaries payable at tic Quarter next enfuing and immediately after the Rahfbtioo ad Confirmation of fuch Rules, Regulations and Tables, as afort&d; and all fuch Money, which (hall be fo colle&ed, (ball be pod over to fuch Perfon or Pcrfons, or^ to fuch Account as fell be specified in fuch Rules and Regulations, in relation to Coctrikioo of Poundage to fuch Fund ; and thereafter all fuch CoBtnbataiQ to fuch Fund (hall be raifed, colle&ed, paid over, laid out, accosated for and applied according to fuch Rules and Regulations.

* V. And Whereas certain Officers, Clerks or other Perfoes tbo

*	may have belonged to the (aid Department, before the paSsg of

*	this Ad, mayobjed to the faid Quarterly Contribution of Yowbpi Be it therefore enaded, That every Officer, Clerk or other Fertx who may objed and decline to make fuch Quarterly Contiibuhoo of Poundage (hall and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked B., which fobs fhall be figned by him j and if the faid Officer, Clerk or other fek fhall be employed in the Port of London, he (hall addrefs the (3sd Notice to the Secretary or other Officer of the faid Fund appointed to receive the fame, within One Calendar Month at the fartbef after the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Sobfcripdoo hi have been approved and ratified as aforefaid; and if the faid OJfo j Clerk or other Perfon fhall be employed at an Out Port, orO*t or Place attached thereto, he (hall addrefs the faid Notice to thcCi | ledor or Comptroller at the Out Port to which he dullornffc attached, within Two Calendar Months at the fartheft after tfc Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcription flail b* been approved and ratified as aforefaid, which Notice the CoStf* and Comptroller, fo receiving the fame as aforefaid, dull fortfcb tranfmit to fuch Secretary, or other Perfon as aforefaid; aadiiD* fault of fuch Notice being fo duly given by fuch Officer, Cki# other Perfon either in London or the Out Ports, be (hall bethel and adjudged to be, and thereafter to continue liable to fuch Contribution of Poundage to the faid Fund as aforefaid*

VL And be it further enaded, That every Officer^ Clerk*#}* Perfon fo giving Notice, and declining the f^Quarte^Ccoto^

of

1.D.18I6'

56° GEO. III.

C. lxxiii.

787

if Poundage to the faid Fund, (hall be and it hereby declared to be vbolly incapable of becoming a Subfcriber to the (aid Fund at any uture Period, fave and except according to the Terms and Conditions ontained in the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcrip-ion approved and ratified as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Ex-jences arifing out of or incident to the palling of this Ad, (hall le paid from time to time out of the firft Monies which (hall be railed, evied and colle&ed for fuch Contribution of Poundage as aforefaid, ogether with all fuch Sums as may have been advanced, or may >e due and owing for any fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe any fucn Honey (hall have been advanced, or may be due and owing.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Diredors (hall and nay, if they (hall deem it expedient, admit any Perfon to be a Sub-criber, and to participate in the Benefits of the laid Fund, who may lold the Situation of a Supernumerary Officer or Clerk in the faid Department; and the refpedive Nominees of every Supernumerary )fficer, Clerk or other Perfon fo admitted as aforefaid, (hall, and are tereby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purpofes, the fame and the like Intereft in the faid Fund, nd in the Advantages thereof, as if the faid Supernumerary Officer, 21erk or other Perfon had been permanently eltabliihed in the faid Department, under and fubjeft in every refpeft to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcription approved and ratified is aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Diredors (hall andr nay, if they (hall deem it expedient, admit any Perfon or Perfons o be the Nominee or Nominees of any Subfcriber to the faid Fund vho may not be a Relative or Relatives of the laid Subfcriber ; and he faid Nominee or Nominees fo admitted as aforefaid (hall, and are icreby declared to have, and thereafter to continue to have, to all Intents and Purpofes, the fame and the like Intereft in the faid Fund, nd in the Advantages thereof, as if the faid Nominee or Nominees tad been a Relative or Relatives of the faid Subfcriber, under and ubje& in every refpe& to the Rules and Regulations approved and atified as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That an Order for Payment of Honey addrefied to the Receiver General of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, >r to the Collector and Comptroller of any Out Port for the time teing, by any Officer, Clerk or other Perfon employed in the faid Department, and under bis Hand and Signature, (hall be a fufficient )rder, Warrant and Authority to the (aid Receiver General, and Ilolle&or and Comptroller, and who are hereby thereupon required o pay, from time to time, the Sum declared and fpecified in Words t length in fuch Order, as the Quarterly Amount of Subfcription, >r the Amount of other Monies due and owing by the faid Officer, Dlerk or other Perfon, to and on the behalf of the faid Fund ; and he faid Sum, fo declared and fpecified in fuch Order, (hall be deduded tom the Salary due and payable to the faid Officer, Clerk or other ?erfon at the Quarter or Quarters as fet forth in the faid Order, and hall be paid over to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or to fuch Account at hall be lpecified in fuch Rules and Regulations, approved and ratified it aforefaid ; provided that the faid Order or Orders (hall be delivered to the Hud Receiver General, Colle&or and Comptroller, Three Days

SE 2	at

button incapable of becoming Subfcribers, except according to Rules, Sec.

Expences paid out of Poundage.

Dire&ors may admit Supernumerary Officers or Clerks.

Dire&orsmay admit Nominees of Subfcribers, though not Relative!.

Order on Receiver General and Colle&or, and Comptroller, fufficient Authority to them for Payment.

788

C. lxxiu.

56° GEO. III.

A J). 1816.

Annuities not to be arguable, or attachable, or liable to the jus mariti qf any Hufbsml a Widow or other Claimant may many.

Diredors to bo fued in the Name of their {Secretary.

at the lead prior to the Day on which the faid Quarterly Salary Bui be due and payable.

9 XL And, in order to enfure to the Widows of tbe Subscribers,

‘ or any other Claimants on the faid Fund, the full Benefit intended by 9 this Ad, as alimentary Proviiion for tbe Widows or other Chumaoti 1 entitled thereto Be it further enaded, That no Annuity or Sam of Money payable to any Widow or other Claimant under my of the Proviiions of this Ad fhall be affignable, except with the Per-miffion and Approbation of the faid Diredors, or any Three crane of them, or liable to be affeded by Arreftment, or otherwifc attachable by any Creditor, or be fubjed to the jut mariti of any Hufts&d with whom any fuch Widow or other Claimant may intermarry, or bt fubied in any manner to any Debts, or Deeds, or Controul of aay fuch Hufband, but the fame (hall be paid to each Widow or other Claimant entitled thereto, upon her own Receipt only, notwkhfhadtsg fuch Arreftment, Attachment or Marriage.

• XII. And be it further enaded, That the laid Diredors may fie and be fued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or it purfuance of this Ad, or of the faid Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription, approved and ratified as afiorefaid, is tbe Name of their Secretary for the time being ; and that no A&xo or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Command of or agaaft tbr faid Diredors, m the Name of their Secretary, (hall abate or he continued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Secretsy, aor by the Ad of luch Secretary, without the Content of the tad Diredan, or any Three or more of them, but that the Secretary fee d* to being to the faid Diredors (hall be deemed to be the Plaintif or Defendant, as the cafe may be, in every fuch Adion.

XIII.	And bt it further enaded, That if any Subfaiber to the faid Fund, under the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Sub-feription, approved and ratified 2S afbrefaid, (hall ceafe to befog to the laid Department of Cuftoms, from whatever Caufe arifing, provided the faid Subscriber (hall continue to pay Quarterly the find Con-

............  tribution	of	Poundage	to	the Amount due and payable at the time of

feription, to con- his ceafing to belong to the faid Department or Cuftoms, under tbe tinue a Member, Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcriptioo, tbe fiid Subfcriber fo leaving the faid Department frail, without any Hinder-ance whatever, retain his Intpreft in the faid Fund, and contour to be a Subfcriber to the faid Fund, and be deemed to belong to tbe fame, and his Widow, Children and other immediate Relatives, ai tbe 1 cafe may be, (hall enjoy all fuch and the like Benefit therefrom, according to their refpedive Claims, under the faid Rules, Regulations isd Tables of Rates of Subscription, as fully in any refped as if he bd	!

continued to belong to the Department of Cuftoms.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Profits, Dividend!, i Interefls and annual Proceeds which (hall from time to time arifc free ' the Funds and Securities belonging, or which (hall at any time befog to the faid Fund, (hall from time to time be applied to and hr tbe | Ufes, Ends, Intents and Purpofes in this Ad mentioned, or accocdfeg i to the Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription approved and ratified as afbrefaid, and to or for no other Ufe, Intern or Purpofe whatsoever.

XV* And be it further enaded. That a Report of the Aeeoosts bf the faid Fund (foil on or before the Firft Day of Sffttwier a

tnrj

U a Subfcriber leaves tbe Cuftoms, and continues to pay his fot Rate of Poundage, and kit rated Sub-

Profits and Dividends to be applied to Benefit of Fund only.

Directors, See. to Repott

AJM816.	56° GEO. III.	C.Ixxiw.

every Year be depofited in fome convenient Place at the Cuftom Houfe in the Port of London* which the Commiffioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to be the Omce of the Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund, for the Perufal of each and every Subscriber who may demand the fame at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Galen* dar Month from the (aid Firft Day of September*

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That the (aid Directors (hall, and they are hereby declared to have the full, entire and exclufive Controul and Management of and over the (aid Fund, and every thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, under andlubjeCt to fuch Prorifions, Directions, Regulations and Reftric-toons, as may have been made in that behalf; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Directors, if they (hall at any time after any fuch Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subscription (hall have been made think it necefTary, from time to time to alter any fuch Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates-of Subscription, and to make any new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcription which may appear to be e(Tential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controul of the faid Fund: Provided always, that no fuch Alterations of any Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subfcription already eftablifhed, or new Rule, Regulation or Table of Rates of Subfcription (hall be valid or effectual or enforced, until the fame (hall have been approved by fuch Subscribers to the faid Fund as may be qualified for that Pur-pofe, and in the manner fet forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Commiffioners of the Cuitoms, or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by fuch Judge or Baron as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That this ACt (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public ACt, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecully pleaded.

SCHEDULE A.

T A. Bn do hereby certify to you. That I accede to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an ACt of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, in aid of the general Purpofes of the " Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund.9*

An B.

Dated	ai8	.

SCHEDULE B.

J A. Bn do hereby certify to you, That I decline acceding to the Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an ACt of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, in aid of the general Purpofes of the “ Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund.99 A. B.

Dated	18	.

G*pn

7S9

on ift September in every Year.

Directors to have full Management of the Fund, and to alter and make new Rule*, See. upon certain Conditions.

Provifo.

A & to be a Public Aft-

3 E 3

790

C.faodv—lxxviii.	56° GEO. III.

i

j» O.3. c.ebuui.

ax O.3. c. 79-39 * 40 G% 3. clxlii.

13 G.3. c.15.

47 G. 3. SeflT. a.

c. UviiL

»8a.

AJD.Mll

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for amending an Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of H# prefen t Majefty for regulating the Police of the City of lit-burgh and the adjoining Diftrifctg, and for other Purposes rte? thereto. (£)	[22d June 1816.J

Cap. lxxv.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing and maintaining the Rod from Borrowjlounnef* by the Weft of Linlithgow, and by hr* phichen, Bathgate and Whiteburn, to the Contes of the Coooty of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhoufebum ; and for makisg ud maintaining a certain Road from Borrowjlwnnefs to the fo Avon• (b)	[24th	JwM'j

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft for the more fpeedy and eafy Recovery of Small Debts, is the City and County of the City of Br\ftol, and the liberties thereof, and in the feveral Pari flies and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glouceflcr and Somerfet. [25th Jm iSi6.j

Cap. Ixxvii.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Tinr-teenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Ton od . Parifhes of Gruvcfend and Milton, in the County of Ken, ad for the better AfTefTment and Colleftion of the Poor totoisd other Rates within the Parifh of Gravefend. [26th Jm

Cap. lxxviii.

An Aft for preventing Frauds in the Admcafurement ad Defier of Coals within the feveral Pari flies lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.	[26th Jwu	1816.]

‘ TT 7 HERE AS by an Aft pafled in the Forty ferrotb Year of

*	VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad ferrt-9 pealing the feveral A8s for regulating the Vend and Dtfoxrj if

*	Coals within the Cities of London and Weftminfler, and Lite 1 thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middled, Sonrr,

*	Kent and EfTex, andfor making better Provtjion for tbejne, cer-

*	tain Land Coal Meters were continued or appointed for the Pur-‘ pofe of admeafuring Coals within the City and Liberty of Iff 9 minjler, and for that Part of the Duchy of Cornwall adjobeg

*	thereto, and for the feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the FA

*	Saint Mary le Bone, and fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andm

*	Holborn, as is in the County of Middlefex / and alfo for the Citjrf

*	London, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, ifl tk

*	County of Middlefex ; and alfo for the feveral Parifhes of Efteh 9 Thorpe, Chertfey, IVey bridge, IValt on on Thames, Wefi Meulfot 9 Thames Ditton, Kingflon, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Cny

*	don, Mitcham, Putney, Wandf&orth, BatterJea, Lambeth, Clrl 9 church, Newington, Saint George in the Borough of Souther!* 9 Saint Saviour’s, Saint 6lavc, Saint Thomas, Saint John>

*	Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhhix* h 9 the County of Surrey, and certain Regulations were thereby made 9 refpefting the Vend and Delivery of Coals fold within Ac fa*

1 Places

56° GEO, III.

a Ixiii.

771

Road or Way hereinafter authorized to be made and conftru6led in lieu thereof (hall be paflable for Carriages and Paffengers along the fame.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That when and fo foon as that Road to be

Part of the faid Road or Way called Harrow IVallt hereinbefore de-	!“?*

fcribed, (hall be Hopped up by rirtue of the Provisions of this A 6k,	"* ““P0***

in refpe6k thereof, that Part of the fame, which will lie on the Well

Side of the intended Road from the faid Bridge to the Obelilk, (hall be and become veiled in His Grace the Arcnbilhop of Canterbury and (hall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the PofTeflions of the See of Canterbury, but fubje& to be occupied by the LefTees of the adjoining Lands until the Expiration of their Leafes; and that Part of the fame which lhall lie on the South Side of fo much of the Wharf called HearnPs Wharf, as lies Eallward of the faid Bridge, lhall be and become veiled in the faid Archbilhop, and lhall be thenceforth Part and Parcel of the PolTeffions of the faid See, but fubjeft as uforefaid, and alfo with, under and fubjefl to all fuch and the fame Powers and Provifions as the fame would have been fubjed to under or by rirtue of the faid recited Ads or either of them, in cafe the fame had been included in the Schedule to the faid firH recited Ad i and that Part of the fame which lhall lie on the Site of the laid intended Road from the faid Bridge to the Obelilk, and on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the Company, formerly the Property of Jervoife Clerk Jervoife, lhall thenceforth be and become veiled in the faid Company, and the Refidue thereof lhall be conveyed by the faid Company to and become veiled in His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall, and lhall thenceforth be Part and Parcel of the Ell ate of the Duchy of Cornwall called Prince9i Meadows, purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Company of Pro- Power to make prietors lhall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Ad, a New Road, to make and conllrud fin lieu of that Part of the faid Street or and take Lands. Way called Narrow Wall by this Ad authorized to be Hopped up)

a Road or Way of the Width of Thirty Feet and no. more, from or from near to a certain Road called the Commercial Road, at or near where the faid Road adjoins the faid Street or Way called Narrow Wall, on the EaHern Side of the intended Road leading from the faid Bridge to the Obeli/k in Saint George's Fields, to or near that Part of the faid Street or Way called Narrow Wall, on the Wellern Side of the faid intended Road from the {aid Bridge to the Obelilk aforefaid, which adjoins or is near to the WeHem Part of the faid Houfe, Slaughter Houle and Yard, in the Occupation of Alexander JSverard, in manner defcribed and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinafter mentioned ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, to take and ufe the feveral Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and fpecified in4 the Schedule to this A 61 annexed, for the Purpofea of the faid recited A6ls and this A61, and for completing the feveral Works in the faid recited A6ls and this A61 mentioned, firll making Compenfation for the fame in manner dire6led	•

by the faid firll recited A61 or this A61, and fubje6t to the Provifions aiid Regulations concerning the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditament* contained in the faid firll recited A6t, except fo far as the faid Provifions and Regulations are repealed or altered by this A61;

3 D 2	and

T92

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.U16.

Manner of Election.

Principal Coal Meter punilh-able by Juftice* in Seflions for Neglect.

Peualtf.

Labouring Meters fubj«& to

the time limited for the Execution of fuch Office (hall expire, tin | upon the happening of any fuch Vacancy, it (hall and ray be hr* ful to and for the Churchwardens as hereinafter mentioned, or tk major Part of them, in manner hereinafter direfted, to ekd, mbih* ana appoint any other Perfon to be and aft as Principal Lad Col Meter in the Room or Stead of every fuch Principal Lad Col Meter who (hall die, negleft or mifeonduft himfclf, or becoo; isci-pable of afting in the Execution of his Office, or whofe tine jotd for the Execution of his Office (hall expire, and fo totiu ywte, a often as any fuch cafe (hall happen ; and every fuch Perfon lotsk nominated and appointed Principal Land Coal Meter for (neb Leu in the faid County of Kent, in the Room or Stead of any fu& other Principal Meter, (hall be elefted, nominated and appointed br fuch Perfons, and in manner and Form following; that is to fay, the Churchwardens of the feveral and refpeftive Pariffies within tk limits of this Aft, (hall, by Notice in Writing, fpecifying the Oca-(ion, and figned by Two or more of the Churchwardens of tk lid Pariffies, and left at the Dwelling Houfe or ufual Place of Abode of each fuch Churchwarden, as foon as the fame can be done after acy fuch Vacancy (hall happen, be fummoned to meet and aflemblea: the faid Principal Land Coal Meter’s Office, or at the laid fabordi-nate Office appointed by the faid Principal Land Coil Meter, <: Twelve of the Clock at Noon on a Day to be mentioned in tk k’ Notice not exceeding Seven Days from the Date thereof, at riri Meeting fome Perfon (hall be chofen and appointed to faced to tk Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aiu&d, ad fuch Perfon (hall at the Hour of One of the Clock o( ikDiy be elefted by the Majority of Perfoos, being Churchwardens of tk faid Pariffies, as (hall be then and there afTembled, and fuch Perkis when fo elefted (hall be and is hereby declared to be Principal Lacd Coal Meter for putting this Aft in Execution within the fool Pantiles aforefaid; and every fuch Perfon fo to be elefted, noBBtrd or appointed as aforefaid, (hall be, remain and continue Pricpl Land Coal Meter for the faid feveral Pariffies until the M Dty of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirty feven, uolefs k fall fooner die, or be incapable of afting in the Execution of his Office.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for tk Juftices of the* Peace for the faid County of Kent% in Gtnenl cr Quarter Seffions afTembled, and they are hereby authoring cd required to inquire into, and hear and determine any Oomphis of Fraud or Mifbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter for tk time being for the Execution of this Aft, in the fame manner atky are by Law authorized to inquire into, hear and determine Mi&-meanours; and if fuch Principal Land Coal Meter (hall be bed guilty of any Fraud, Negleft or Mifbehaviour, he Ml fork# pay for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Hein and SuccefEors, fc Fine as fuch Court, before whom fuch Complaint (hall be mak,bo think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with fucbCds as fuch Court fhall think proper to award and direft; and in cafe of .a fecond Offence, the faid Juftices ffiall be empowered tormwvetk faid Principal Land Coal Meter, and to order the Appcuntmest of another in his Stead, to be elefted in manner dire&edby thisAi

V.	And be it further enafted. That each and every Labouri? Land Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent or Servant of the pnndpil L®

16	Cod

86° GEO. m.

77S

A*

C. Ixifi.

Buildings and Premifes required to be taken and ufed for the Puf-pofee of the fame A€t; and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of fuch Compenfatiop tor fuch Buildings, and the (aid Damage, the fame, and every Part thereof, together with fo much of the Site thereof as (hall be neceffary and fufficient for making and conftru&ing fuch New Road, (hall be and become veiled in and be the Property of the faid Company.

• VIII. And Whereas by the faid A& palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefient Majefty, after reciting, that in the making and coaftrutiing of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the faid intended Bridge, a fmall triangular Slip er Piece of Ground would intervene between the faid Bridge Road and thfe Eftate of His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wale* as Duke of Cornwall, called Princes Meadowi; and that His faid Royal Highnefs had confented to give up and agreed to affign to the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Succelfors, all the Land which fhould be required out of the faid Eftate for the making and con-ftru&ing the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compenfation or Payment for the Value of the fame, in confiaeration that the faid Company of Proprietors fhould pur-chafe the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would fo intervene between the faid firft mentioned Road and tlie faid Eftate called Prince’/ Meadow*$ and affign the fame, without any Compenfation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wale*, his Heirs and SucceiTors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enadtedj that the faid Company of Proprietors fhould and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchafe the faid triangular Slip- or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and fixty four feet, or thereabouts, on the Weft Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and fixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to affign the fame and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wale*, his Heirs and SucceiTors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain for ever Part and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas face the paffing of the faid recited Ad His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wale* hath entered into a Contrad for the granting of One Leafe or feveral Leafes of the faid Eftate called Prince9s Meadowt, and of the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land, fox feveral Terms for Years in the faid Contrad mentioned, of the Parcels refpedively : And Whereas the faid Company of Proprietors, in purfuance of fuch Agreement, and under the feveral Authorities in the faid recited Ads contained, have purchafed of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jejus College of Queen Elina-betb’s Foundation* within the City and Univerfity of Oxford; and of John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thoma* James, their feveral Eftates and Interefts of and in the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto; and they nave alfo, under the like Authorities, purchafed of Jcrvo'tfc Clerke Jervoife Efquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thame*, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchafe a Meffuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the faid Eftate called Prince** Meadow*, and ex* tending from the faid triangular Slip of Land to the River Thoma /. and the laid Company of Proprietors are at the Time of paffing

3 D 3	MthSL

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. III.

AJX1816.

Labouring Coal Meters to attend their Stations.

Notice

Not ittending, &c.

Penaky.

Coal Meters not to be interefted iu Sale of Coals*

Penalty.

Punifhment.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Ven-

*	fped and meafure, or fee meafured or loaded, all fuch Coals bet wen

*	Buyer and Seller, and execute fuch other Duties as are by Lrw

*	required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, vithrct

*	Favour or Hatred. ,	So	help	me	COD/

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid feveral Land Coal Meters, (ball and they are hereby required to zfcx it the feveral Wharfs, Warehoufes and other Places, at whaca be cr they (hall be Rationed from time to time by the faid Principal Lad Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundayst Good Friday, ChrJ-mas Day and Fall or Thankfgiving Days by ProclamHt»a olr excepted) in each and every Year from the Twenty fifth March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hoar of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening; iri from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty £hb Dij of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening ; and if upon Notice being given to tnr Inch Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters fo (tattooed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place cr Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehoufc or other P!*:; to be named in fuch Notice, within the Limits of his or their Satie: or Stations for the time being, in order to meafure or fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Ad to be done by any Land Coal Meter at any fuch Wharf, Waehovfe or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labour* ing Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Wantorit or other Place to be named in fuch Notice^ for the Purpofe of meaibag or to fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty reqmied of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Ad, (hall be given at tbs Office of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the hid fiibcr-dinate Office ; and if fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters fhall not attend purfuant to any fuch Notice within the Space of tour Hours from the giving of the fame, and do his or their Duty 1 according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then asd b ' every fuch cafe every fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire ; Pounds.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the hid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Perfons to be employed under him, fhall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their refpedive Continuance in Office or Employment as afordad, be diredly or indiredly interefted or concerned in the Sale of any Cods whatsoever, otherwife than in the Difcharge of his or their hid it* fpe&ive Offices, fuch Principal Land Coal Meter fo offending IsS, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Or hundred Pounds, and fuch Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring W Meter refpedively, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit ari any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof refpe&iriy convided before the faid Court of General or Quarter Seta, fhall be difmiffed from his or their * faid refpedive Office or Employment, and be for ever di&bled from holding or executing the lame or any other under this Ad. >

XII.	And be it further enaded, That all Coals whatfoever feU and to be feet or taken away in any Waggon, Cart or other Cr-

dpi

56° GEO. III.

C.briiL

775

Wharf of the Breadth aforefaid; and alfo the Site of that Part o£ the laid Street or Way called the Narrow Wall, hereinbefore de-fcribed, abutting thereon at aforefaid; and alfo fo much and fuch Part of the hud Meffuage or Tenement and Yard as aforefaid t Provided always, that the faid feveral Parcels of Land fo to be transferred and affigned to and retained by the faid Company of Proprietors refpedively, (hall be freed and difcharged of and from all Contracts or Agreements entered into by His faia Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, and the faid Land fo to be conveyed and aligned to His faid Royal Highnefs in lieu thereof (hall be liable to and charged with all Contreds or Agreements entered into by His faid Royal Highnefs, to which the faid Lands fo to be affigned to or retained by the faid Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That His laid Royal Highneft Enabling the the Prince of Woks, his Heirs and SuccefTors Dukes of Cornwall, Prince of Wales fhall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make

Leafes and Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Con- &c trads, for granting One or more Leafes of all fuch Parts of the faid exchange, triangular Slip as mall not be transferred and affigned to and retained by the faid Company of Proprietors j as alfo of the faid Wharf and Land fo to be purchafcd, conveyed and affigned to His faid Royal Highnefs as aforefaid $ and His mid Royal Highnefs? his Heirs and Succeffors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being fhali have the fame and the like Powers and Authorities in refped to the feed Grotmd or Site fo veiled in him and them by force of this Ad, as he now hath, or he or they (hall or may have, under add by virtue of all or any of the feveral Ads of Parliament made and palled, one in tbe Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin A3 to enable His Royal Highnefs George Prince of Wales to make Leafes, Copies and Grants of Officer,

Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs* s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for the other Pur* pofes therein mentioned / another, made and palled in thie Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to enable His Royal Highnefs George Primes of Wales to grant Ltafes of cerfaitt Lands and Prendfes called Prince’s Meadows, m the Parifk of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of Hie Jdid Royal Highneft*$

Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purtofe of building thereon ; and the Other, paded m the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and intituled An AB for amending and enlarging the Powers of an AB, Ptjfftd in the Fiftieth Tear of His prefent Majeffy, to enable His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales to grant Leafes of certain f+and* and Premifes called Prince’s Meadows, in the Parifk of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His faid Royal HtghneJPs Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpofe of building thereon.

X.	And be k further enaded, That nothing in this Ad or in the Lands belonging

(aid recked Ads contamed (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to t0	ofCan"

authorise or empower the faid Company to take or ufe any Lands

or Hereditaments belonging to tbe See of Canterbury, until ihe^ Cogpcgfetioabs fhall have made Competition for the fame in manner direded by the made, ftc. find recited Ads or this Ad, fese and except only in fuch manner and for fitch Purports ad tbe (aid Company any lawfully take and u$ the (ante, or any Part thereof? by virtue of any Leafe or Leafei already granted or hereafter to be granted by the laid See. .

3Di	*	XI. An*

Vender, &c. ufing Sacks of improper Di-tnenfions.

Penalty, fcc.

Coals delivered by Gang Labour need not be put into fuch Sacks.

What Bufhel Meafure to be made ufe of.

12 Ann. Scat. 2. c.iy. § iit ia.

Dealers, tc. ufing other Bufcel.

Penalty. Servants, &c. of Dealer ufing other Bufhel.

C. Ixsrviii.	56° GEO. IIL	A.D.18H

t

and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch is Brail and no Sack (hall be fealed or marked which /hall not, attbetf of the marking or fealing thereof, meafure in the Infide thereof Fa Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Isck in Breadth ; and if anj Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dah in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, (hall ufe or caufe to be ufed a Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within thekmaia refpe&ive Limits aforefaid, not fealed or marked as afort&d, or a lefs Length at the time of ufing the fame than Four Feet ad Tws Inches at the lead in the Infide thereof, or of lefa Breadth the Tws Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Infide thereof, then as is every fuch cafe every fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer« Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals (hall, for every foch Sax fo unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and psy any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and the Jafbce or Mxts before whom fuch Con vision (hall take place, (hall cask every fori Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be deftroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be dcfivwtd by Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Ufe of fuch Sacks; asy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithfbodiag.

XIV* And be it further ena&ed. That no Bofhel ftafl be kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurement of aay Cosh fold within the Limits aforefaid, which (hall not be fuchBdbdunit-feribed in and by an A& made in the Twelfth Year of the Rag* of Her late Majelty Queen Antu> intituled An Ad fir theJfiAjad effeSual prefer vine of the Navigation of the River of Ttaarv, i« flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagestan, a tbs County of EfTex, and for afccrtAmng the Coal Meojwre, sad which (hall not have been firft (lamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at /iVeflmitflcr, or at the Guildhall, Lambs, previouily to the fame being (o kept or ufed ; aad that every foch Bufhel, previoufly to being fo damped or marked, (ball be fitted for Work and Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, sad (hall be fo damped or marked with a Steel Indrument on the uppermot Irci or Copper Hoop; and that every fuch Bufhel (hall be krpt without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making ufe of fud Bufhel all Coals (hall be duly heaped up in fuch Bufhel ia the Fora : of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at kaft Six Index and the Outfide of the Bu(hel to be the Extremity of the Btfe or fuch Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of unis flail co*£l of Thirty fix of fuch Bufhels fo heaped, and fo in proportion for any lefTer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, (hall keep or mb ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Bufhel ia the Ad-meafurement of any Coals other than fuch Bufhel as afloitfiud, «d fo dampt as aforefaid, or (hall in any wife decreafe or dinuuft aay fuch Bufhel dampt as aforefaid, or mall permit his, her or ther Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealen in, or Verier or Venders of Coals fb offending, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fad Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if ay fed Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or urisr the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders (hall make ufe of, in admeafuring of any Coals, aay JkAel other

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. lxiii.

777

or Streets communicating therewith refpeftively, in fuch manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the faid recited Ads or tliis Ad annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the faid recited Ads or this Ad mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into Effed fuch Variations or Alterations, upon their obtaining the Confent of the feveral Owners and Occupiers, and other Perfons or Parties interefted in the faid laft mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments refped-ively, and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiaflical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Pofiefiion, Reverfion, Remainder, Expe&ancy or otherwife, and all Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees or Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purpofes, Committees, Executors and Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees and Perfons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succefiors, but alfo for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants, IfTue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Perfon or Perfons, and all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed, poflefled of, or interefted in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Intereft therein ; and all other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity whatfoever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give fuch Confent, and thereupon to fell and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, to the faid Company, in like manner as if fuch Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the faid Schedule to this A61 annexed.

‘ XIV. And Whereas feveral Parts of the Lands and Heredita-

*	ments which are or will be required for the Purpofes of the faid

* recited A 61s and this A A are of Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure,

*	and Doubt8 have arifen as to the manner in which fuch Copyhold < or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments (hould be conveyed to the

*	faid Company of ProprietorsBe it therefore further ena&ed. That any luch Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure mny be furrendered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the fame are refpedtively holden, to the Ufe of the faid Company of Proprietors, their SuccefTors and Afiigns; and the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succefiors (nail, if they (hall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the fame unto the laid Company of Proprietors, their Succefiors and Afiigns, according to the Cul-tom of the faid Manor or Manors, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that if the faid Company of Proprietors, or tneir Succefiors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being of fuch Manor or Manors, (hall be defi-rous that fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mall be enfranchifed, Satisfaction (hall be made in relpe& thereof; and fuch Lands and Hereditaments (hall be conveyed to the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succefiors and Afiigns, in Fee Simple, in the fame or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of the (aid A61a.

• XV. And

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Provifo for Enfranchisement.

C.lxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Pjtf of Perfons for Three Yeats, and iflue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toil to be given on a Board.

Delacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

* XV. And Whereat in order to make a gradual Afcent to tk

*	faid Bridge on the South Side thereof, without deftroyiog or is.

*	commoding the free Paffage of Perfons, Horfes and Ctrriageialoof

*	the faid intended Road hereby authorized to be made from the hid < Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforehid, it « will be necefiary that an Arch (hould be conftruded or ended

*	over the faid intended Road, and under the afcending Aiwa c or Road to the faid Bridge on the South Side thereof;’ Bek therefore further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to ad for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Coils and Chvgts,fc make or caufe to be made an Arch or Aren way over or upon the fud intended Road, of a Width not being lefsthan Twenty fix Feet it the Bottom or wideft Space thereof, and of a Height being not lth than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certain Lands called Prince*s Meadows, in the Parifh of Lambeth, in the Couatyoi Surrey.

XVI.	And be R further ena&ed. That the Committee of tk faid Company of Proprietors (hall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Perfon or Perfons for his, her or thar free Paflage over the faid Bridge, and along the faid Roads, for aiy time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one thus for foch Sum as to the faid Committee fhall feem meet, and thereupon to Ik One or more Ticket or Tickets to fuch Perfon or Perfect, to enable him, her or them to pafs Toll free over the faid Bridge, and aloag the faid Roads, for the time for which fuch Contract Hull have bees made ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall lend or traisfer fueli Ticket for the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, aod whereby fuch other Perfon or Perfons fhall under colour of foch Tick pafs over the faid Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll £v upon any of the faid Roads Toll free, fuch Perfon or Perfcnj h offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sun aot exceeding Forty Shillings, for th& Ufe of the faid Company.

XVII.	And be it further entiled, That the laid Company kB and they are hereby dire&ed and required to canfe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be conftantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houfes to be ere&ed on or near the ini Bridge, in large legible Charaders, that the Payment of Toll at nj one Turnpike or Gate fhall free and exempt the Perfon or Period paying the fame from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, for or in refpeA of paffing once over the faid Bridge$ and if any Porfos or Perfons fhall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice oq foch Board, he, fhe or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay as? Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That every Toll CoBe&r appointed either by the faid Company of Proprietors, or by say Lefiee or Leffees under them, to colle& the Tolls payable at aay Turnpike or Toll Gate to be ere&ed by virtue of the faid recited Ada or this Ad, fhall and he is hereby required to place hia Out dan and Surname, painted on a Board in kgibie Cbamder* id the Front or on feme other confpicubus Part of & Toll Houfeor Toll Gate, immediately after hia coming on Duty, and dull continue tk feme (b placed during the whole time he fhall be upon foch Duty; and if anyCoUt&or of the feid ToUa fhall Aot pfeot feak Board a

drift

Collectors of*

1816.

56° GEO. III.

Chxvffi

799

Perfon attending fuch Cart* Waggon or other Carriage laden Cinnan, fc&noe any fuch Coals as afore faid, to whom fuch Ticket (hall have	^

given, by or by the Dire&ions of the Vender or Venders,

:r or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall,

ng firft received the fame from the Vender nr Venders, Dealer

talers, or any Perfon by the Order of the Vender or Venders,

jr or Dealers) refufe or negled to deliver fuch Ticket to the

hafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Ser-

or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or de-

red from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch

tan. Driver or other Perfon aforefcid fo offending (nail, for every

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders What Sum of

r Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure, Money to bo

fent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf,

ehoufe or other Place within the Limits of this Aft, or any Coat* fold by

Is fold as and for Pool Meafure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Meafure.

\ or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter I be Rationed, fituate within fuch Limits; or the Occupier or rupicrs of any fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, from or r which any fuch Coals (hall be fo fent or taken away (hall, and It Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occurs, is and are hereby required and dire&ed to pay to the Principal •ter for the Execution of this Aft, at and after the Rate of One illing for every Five Chaldron and One Vat fo bought and fent to ^ t0 Principal : Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, as and for a Compenfation for Meter* i Trouble of infpe&ing or fuperin ten ding the loading and fending ay fuch Coals, and fuch Money (hall be repaid by the Purchafer Purchafers of fuch Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or ■alers thereof.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing Enihling Pur-

rein contained (hall extend or be conftraed to extend to hinder or chafers cf Coals

event any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Coals, fold as and for *j°!d Pool

wl Meafure, from fending fuch Coals to the Premifes of fuch ^^Coals^e^*

irehafer or Purchafers, or to any Landing Place which fuch Pur- nvere<j without

taler or Purchafers (hall appoint, (provided fuch Landing Place or the Intervention

remifes be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter (hall by of a Meter.

rtue of this A61 be ftationed,) or from having fuch Coals unloaded

id delivered at fuch Premifes or Landing Place, either by Gang

.abour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

t/aggon or other Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention or

afpe&ion of any Land Coal Meter, and without being fubjed or

able to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money what foe ver

) any Land Coal Meter for or in refped of fuch Coals j but in cafe Fes for Attend-

ich Landing Place (hall be within the Limits of this Ad, and fuch ance of Meter.

‘urchafer or Purchafers (hall require the Care or Attendance of a

-rand Coal Meter, then he, (he or they (hall have and be entitled to

uch Attendance, upon fending Notice of fuch his, her or their

pefue to the (aid Principal. Land Coal Meter's Office or to the

aid fubordinate Office, and in fuch cafe fuch Purchafer or Pur-

ihafers (hall pay and be charged for the Attendance of fuch Land

Coal Meter, at and after the aforefeid Rate of One Shilling for

wry Five Chaldron and One Vat of fuch Coals.

XIX.	And

C.lxxviiL

t6n GEO. III.

A.D.1S1*.

Carman to carry a Bufhel Mea* fora io his Cart.

Stamped, Jtc.

Penalty oa Carman. Penalty on Vender, prorifo.

Venders to de-hirer Tickets of Cods fold by Wharf Meafore.

Form.

XIX.	And be it further eua&ed, That if any Carman or Dr^ of any Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, loaden with Coals for Si:t or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchasers thereof, birr Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Cr-riers of Coals from any Ship, VefTel, Lighter, Barge or other Cnr. or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within tie Lsna aforefaid, (hall not hare placed on fome confpicuous Part of his Can, Waggon or other Carriage, a perfect Bufhel Meafore, of tie Fern, Size or Dimenfions, and fo ftamped or marked as berabeforr dire&ed, (which Meafure (hall he provided by the Vender or Yewen of, Dealer or Dealers in or Carrier or Carriers of fuch Coal*,) for and in every fuch cafe every fuch Carman or Driver of fads Cm, Waggon or other Carriage, not having fuch Bufhel Meaforeiz placed I therein or thereon, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit azi \ pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Vender* of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of fuch Coals, foil forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Proridfi always, that Coals which fhall be carried or conveyed fo Bdk, or n any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage belonging to the Pnrthafrr or Purcbafers of fuch Coals, may he fo carried or conveyed without thr Carman being obliged to carry a Bufhel Meafure therewith, or ary Perfon or Perfbns being fubjeft or liable to aiiy Penalty or Penal:?' in refoe& thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Voder? of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and fent as and for Wharf Meafure, from any Ship, VefTel, Lighter, Barge or other Cnh, or iron any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within the Limits afanfe?, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchasers thereof, from air Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall, and he and they is and arc required to deliver or caufe to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon (hall and is required to de-liver or caufe to be delivered the fame Ticket fo received from fech Vender to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, for or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Cook cootasd in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall be (hot or ddnerri therefrom$ and every fuch Ticket or Paper (hall be in the Words and Form following:

VENDER’S TICKET.

€ Mr. A* B. [Here infert the Name of the Buyer.]

1 T\A KE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here isfin tie

*	Number ] Sacks of [ Here infert the Name of the] Coals [Hr?

*	infert the Number'] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coal'

*	[Here infert the Number] Sack.6 of [Here infert the Nametf thj

*	Coals $ and that by an A& made in the Fifty fixth Year of fo € Reign of King George the Third, [Here fet forth the Tub ft tfo € AS] the Carman is dire&ed to deliver this Ticket before he ioofc < any of the Coals out of his Cart, Waggon or other Carrage; sd

*	that a Bufhel Meafure is in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carnap,

*	by which the Carman is dire&ed to meafure gratis^ under tie

*	Penalty of Twenty Pounds, the Coals contained fo any One Sack « which the Purchaler or his Servant may require, which Sack is to ? contain Three Bufhels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Oet-

<£de

.D. 1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. lxxviii-

801

fide of the Meafure being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof.

C.	D. [ Here in/ert the Nam of the Vender] E. F. [.Here infert the Name of the Labouring Meter in cafe of the Coals being Jent from within the DiftriS of the faid Office. J Dated [Here jnf*r* be Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear when fuch Ticket was fgned.f

nd in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealert, (hall c deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the irchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to hit, her or their Ser-nt or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or livered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch ?nder or Venders, Dealer or Dealers (hall for every fuch Offence rfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in cafe e Carman, Driver of or other Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon other Carriage, laden with any fuch Coals aforefaid, to whom fuch icket (hall have been given by, or by the Dire&ion of the Vender or coders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purcha-•, (hall (having fo fir (I received the fame from the Vender or Ven-rs, Dealer or Dealers, or any Perfon by the Vender's or Dealer's rders) refufe or negle& to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the jyer or Buyers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or rvants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered >m fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Carman, river or other Perfon aforefaid, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit d pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Car-an or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with oals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers ereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in fuch oals, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or om any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, within the Limits afore-id, (hall and he is hereby directed to meafure gratis, if he (hall be quired fo to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks con-ined in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be lofen by the Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, or his, her - their Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing on te behalf of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, with fuch Bulhel Mea-ire as aforefaid, in order that fuch Purchafer or Purchafers may be itter enabled to judge of the Neceffity of having the whole of ch Coals remeafured in manner dire&ed by this A&.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Carman or Driver :any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale,

• to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers by the Vender or enders of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, from any Ship, Veflel, .ighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or ther Place within the Limits aforefaid, (hall neglelt or refufe to eafure by the faid Bo(hel Meafure fuch Sack of Coals in manner irein dire&ed, when thereunto required by the Purchafer or Pur-wafers of fuch Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or :her Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of fuch urcbafer or Purchafers, to be meafured, or if any fuch Carman or hirer (hall drive away, or permit or fuffer the faid Cart, Waggon r other Carriage to be driven a^ray without meafuring, in manner

86 Gto. III.	S	F	herein

Vender not delivering Ticket,

Penalty.

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchafer.

Penalty.

Carman required to mealure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving CojI* away without meafuriag the Sack.

Peaalty.

Purchafers of Coals foot by Water may have the fame remea-forad.

Lightermaa * leaving or not fecuring Craft.

Penalty on Owner.

Penalty on Lighterman. * Purchaser to fend Notice to Meter's Office of remeafuring.

Meter to attend.

Deficiency found oti Rcmeafure-ment.

Penally on Vender.

Ctonriii.	O.III.	A.D.1S16.

herein directed, the bid Sack of Coal& or ihall hinder, obftruffer otherwife prevent the Purchafer or Purdiafera of foch Coaii.oria, her or their Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or Perfcni whom foe ver, from meafuring the bid Bufhel Meafure, or ill or nj Sack or Sacks in fuch his Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, thesai in every fuch cafe, every fuch Carman or Driver fo offendag M lor every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceediig Tm Pounds ; and the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers kbek Coals (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Ponds XXIII* And be it further ena&ed, That if any PurchafadaT Coals fold and fent to fuch Purchafer by any Ship, Veflel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of this Ad, fhall think or fufpe& that the full and lawful Meafore of my fodb Coals has not been fent, and ihall, before the Lighterman or otkr Perfon having the Care or Management of fuchShip, VeftJ, Ligkaf Barge or other Craft, have delivered up to the Purchafier, or io &> her or their Servants, fuch Ship, Veflel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Baft fci be broken of fuch Coals, fignify his or her Defire to base bdi Cods renieafured, then and in every fuch cafe the Lightrrma or other Perfon fent with the Ship, Veflel, Lighter, Barge or Craft ia wbicl the bid Coals ihall be brought, ihall either conunuest tbr Lwfef Place or Premifes of the Purchafer of the bid Coals, rift the hid Ship, Veflel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, until fach Coaft or rr-meafured, or (hall leave fuch Ship, Veflel, Tighter, Bailor other Craft properly fallened and made Secure at fuch Lao&og Hamor Premites, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the fimefo to m main there until fuch Coals are remeafured, under the Pemky of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty SUDhns on the Lighterman or other Perfon fent with fuch Ship, Vdfci, Lifter, Barge or other Craft; and the faid Purchafer Ihall immediately fend or caufe to be fent to the Vender or Dealer of the fudCod% or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the bid Cods ut gomgto be remeafured, and alfo fend Notice in Writing thereof to the Once of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, or to the (aid futardmsle Office, and thereupon the Principal Land Coal Meter, or Ose of the Labouring Meters, as the cafejnay be* (not being the Meter safer whofe Inipe&ion any fuclt Coals may have been ongjosBy loaded,) ihall, within Four Hours next after fuch Notice in ' Wrinagkfc sc either of the laid Offices, attend from fuch Office where inch fibdoe (hall be fo left to remeafure the faid Coals, and (hall acoordqgk it-meafure (he fame with the Buihel Meafure in the Preface m the Vender or Dealer and Purchafer of the faid Coils, or thor Agnus or Servants, if any of them (hall attend for ihe Purpofc of £eag fuch Coals remeafured, and in cafe it (hall appear upon the Rom* furement of fuch Coals, by fuch Principal oh Labouring Cod Near as (hall attend lor the Purpofe of remeafuring of foa Cosh* that fuch Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they **bld, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuck Coals have bees fold aimdfer Pool Meafure, the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Men* fids Coals (hall in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Four BdMw mi not exceed-Ten BuiheUin any Five Chaldron gndOar Vrt sHCmh fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every BdhclofCoikfctaftdt* fleient in every Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sfasot«**fag

-	8*	Forty

56* GEO. III.

C. Ixvii—IxxiL

78»

Cap. lxrii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Ads for 13 O.1. g 15. repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Worcefer and Warwick, 15	*'

fo far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomfgrove	G* c‘ *2

to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcejler, and for making continued. * a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley. (a)

Qaoth June 1816.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe, and new Tolls granted. Half Toll over on Sunday. Additional Truftees, J

Cap. lxviii.

An A d for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads, for 7*8 W. 3. amending the Road from the End of the Town Clofe, in the c-County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford,	is.

in the County of Norfolk. (a)	[20th	June	1816.	J	»o 0.3. c. 16.

7	G. 3. c. 76. 3aG. 3. c. ux. continued.

Cap. Ixix.

An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 29 G. a. g 8s. Powers of feveral Ads of His late and prefent Majefty, for repair- 16	3.	g	83.

ing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the 35G*3«** County of Derby, to Sbejfield, in the County of Took, and from Duffteld to Wirkfworth, in the County of Derby. (a)

[20th June 1816.]

[Former Tolls between Duffield and Sheffield repealed, and new Tolls granted. New Truftees. ]

Cap. lxx.

An Ad for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and 15 G.3. c.63. Ouays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll; and for 39 * 40 G. 3. altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in the faid Shire, and in the Parifh of Arrtchar, and rePcaled‘ Shire of Dumbarton. (a)	[20th	June	i8l6«3

Cap. lxxi.

An Ad for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majefty’s Mails; and for amending the feveral Laws relating to the faid Road.

[20th June 1816.]

[New and additional Tolls.]

Cap. txxii.

An Ad for continuing and amending Four Ads palled in the Reigns 'of their late Maiefties King George the Firft and King George the Second, and of His prelent Maiefty, for repairing the Roads from Luton to Weft wood Gate, in tne County of Bedford, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[20th June l8l$0 [Former Tolls repealedt and new Tolls granted. J

Cap•

a6 G.3. c.30.

28	G. 3. c.48.

29	G. 3. g 24-31 G. 3. c. 50. 3»G.3.c.3J. 33 G. 3. c. 20. 38 G.3. C.4X.

45	G. 3. c. 43.

46	G.3. c. 134.

13 G. I. c.17.

16	G. a. c. 23.

17	G. a. c.42. 13 G. 3. c 72. 35 G. 3. g 163. continued.

Penalty.

Coal Meter’s Payment for Wharf Mealure Coals.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c. a Ticket.

The Contents of fuch Ticket.

If Purchafer defire to have particular Sacks re-meafured, Proceedings.

In what cafe Metage to be paid to Vender.

C. lxxviii.	56°	GEO.	I1L	A.D.	lift

dered incapable of a&ing as a Labouring Coal Meter, sad fork and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coala which (hall be fold and delivered, ts ad for Wharf Meafure, at any Wharf, Warehoufe or Place vithnlh Limits of this Ad, and fo in Proportion for any greater cr leh Quantity than a Chaldron, (hall be paid by the Occupier or Osa-piera of the Wharf, Warehoufe or Place from which fud Cob are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of fuch Coak to the fed Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Ad, ui thereupon fuch Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required tode-liver, or caufe to be delivered, to every Seller of fuch Coals, ortk Carman who (hall cart, lead, drive or carry away the fuse, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, figned by the Principal Laud Coal Meter, d countersigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and during the fame, in which (hall be contained the Chriftian aid Sutsnr or Names of the refpe&ive Seller or Sellers, Vender cr Voders, Dealer or Dealers, and alfo either the Chriftian or Surtax or Names of the refpe&ive Seller or Sellers, Vender or Veoders, and alfo either the Chriftian or Surname or Names or only the Sumac or Names of the Purchafer or Purchasers, Confumer or Gafsaen of the (aid Coals, and the Quantity of fuch Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and AdnaferaBcir, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Nanw of the Caraan or Perfons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the hat Gob, ad alfo (hall contain a Notice to the Purchafer or Purchiienoi&iui Coals, that if he, (he or they is or are difiatisfied with the Maine thereof, and (hall defire to have all fuch Coals remeafured, fochDtf-fatisfadion muft he exprefled to the Carman, before more tin Ok Sack of fuch Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, fart or other Carriage conveying the fame; and that if fuchPutcWrror Purchafers (hall be fo diifatisfted, and (hall defire to bare all or ay of the particular Sacks remaining in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage remeafured, fo as to afeertain the Contents of each or acy at fuch particular Sacks, then that fuch Defire muft be eipdrd to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which fuch Purchafer or Purchafers (hall delire to have remeafured, fhall be (hot or o-loaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fox (hall he fent; which, faid Ticket, being thus made complete, ad Metage paid, (hall he delivered unaltered by the Labouring Co! Meter, countersigning the fame ^without* Delay to the Carman or P* fon employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals defenbed ia Id Ticket, to the Purchafer or Confumer therein named; whichft Ticket unaltered, the faid Carman or Perfon therein named to he employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in fuch Ticket £ Scribed, (hall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the refpefi* Confumers or Purchafers therein named, or to their Agent er Servant who (hall attend to receive the Coals deferibed in TuchT&t for the Ufe of fuch Purchafer or Confumer, and thereupon Ifck or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named a U Ticket, the Metage therein lpecified, and if the Labouring Gal fr ter counterfigning fuch Ticket, (hall after Payment or Tender of the Metage charged in purfuance of this A€k, refufe to delrier tfj Ticket as hereinbefore dire&ed to the Carman or Perfon capM

>D.1816

56* GEO. lit

CJxxviii.

805

cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein defcribed, fuch La*

oring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay

f Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds; and if fuch Carman or Perfon Carman refuting

iployed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals defcribed in fuch to deliver Tickat

cket, (hall, after the fame Ticket (hall have been fo delivered to t0 purclwJ’tr'

n by the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning the fame, either

er or negle£t, or refufe to deliver the fame Ticket to the Purchafer

Confumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who fhall

'.end to receive the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, fuch Carman or

nrfon employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals defcribed in fuch

icket, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not Penalty.

ceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Wharfinger or Wharfingtn sealer in Coals (hall directly or indiredly give or offer, or caufe to giving Bribe* to ; given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meter,< leter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward r Gratuity whatfocver over and above Sixpence per Chaldron erein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Aetage of Coals meafured by the Buffiel, or over and above the )ne Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals fold ly Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, every fuch Perfon o offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, tot exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it Further ena&ed, That if any Principal or La- Meter* recciv-wuring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed purfuant to this A6k, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a falfe or counter- x^ket*”8 fcited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Confumer, Carman or other Perfon, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or (hall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Mooey, Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals meafured by the Bufhel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Meafure, tor the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, or if fuch Principal Land or Labouring Coal Or permitting Meter (hall willingly permit or fuffer to be made falfe Meafure of f*lfe Meefure to any Coals, or (hall deliver a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of ** mad«»*c* Cods, the who!* of which he (hall have not feen meafured, or (hall couBterfign any Vender’s or Dealer’s Ticket for any Coals, without having infpe&ed fuch Coals, or without feeing and taking care that the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, (hall have been firft completely emptied out of and loaded from fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever Serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Penalty.

Meter.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That if any Quantity what- Vender for not foever of Coals exceeding Eight Bethels, fold or to be fold as and	*"

for Wharf Meafure, (hall be fent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or whaif other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, Ware- Meafure Cod*.

3 F 3	houfe

80S

C.lxsviiL

56* GEO. III.

A.D.U1&

Pcukj.

Meter permitting Seeks to be ufed of too ftnall Dimenfions.

Penalty.

Venders of Coals fold as Wharf Meafure, if dif-fatished, may have them re-meafured.

Notice by Yen* der.

Meter to at* tend, fee.

Fee for Remee> furtmenu

Excefs.

Penality.

Coeli fent by Land Carriage to be remea-ibred, if deflred,

or Place, fitDate within the*Limits of this Aft, wuhottbnq been meafured by fuch Bufttel Meafure as is direfted anddefoibet by this Aft, or without fuch Meter’s Ticket tt aforefaid, fo fyed and. counterfigned as aforefaid, hatring beta firft obtained, or i fuch Ticket as aforeftid (hall not be delivered to the Purchafer cr Pure haters of any fuch Coals, before any Part of fuch Oak m (hot or delivered upon the Premiles of fuch Purchafer or Psrdakrv then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of, Dak «r Dealers in fuch Coals (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit ad py any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted. That if uy Liborog Coal Meter to be appointed purfuaot to this Aft, flail ofe, v knowingly permit or fuffer any Sack or Sacks to be made dr of for the meafuring or carrying of Coals of lets Dianfem the fuch Sacks as are direfted to be ufed for that Purpofc by tka Aft, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Ad, tk ad in every fuch cafe, every fuch Labouring Coal Meter fhal hr any fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding FiwPwk.

XXXIII.	Provided always, aftd be it farther etuded, Tbstif any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coah (old as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be difiatisfied with tie Mn/woot which (halt have been made of anr fuch Coals at any Wharf, Ware-houfe or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this A4 bror under the Infpeftion of the Labouring Land Coil Meter hook or attending at fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, tixi in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for lack Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before fuch Cohwict away from fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place of Safe, to W, or caufe to be fent, to the Office of the Principal Liad Col Mete for the Execution of this Aft, or to the faid fubordmte OSe, Notice in Writing fiunifying the Defire of fuch Vender* Vain of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to hive fuch Cosli rtsaW and then and in fuch cafe fuch Principal Metrr, or One of the Labouring Meters of or from fuch Office, not bring the Mete under whofe Infpeftion the faid Coals were originally snW, (hall, within the Space of Four Hours next after fuch Notice a Writing left at fuch Office, attend to remeafure the hid Coals, sc (hall accordingly remeafure the fame, Sack by Sack, by tk Bok Meafure, in the Prefence of fuch Vender or Venders of or Dob or Dealers in fuch Cools, or his, her or their Agent or Stnai, <* Agents or Servants, and for fuch Remeafurement fuch Vender cr Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals (hall pay, or anfe to be paid, to the faid Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixp«r for every Chaldron of Coals fo remealured, and in cafe it W appear upon fuch Remeafurement that the Coals fo retncifarrd U

. exceed the Quantity for which the fame were fold, then aodnhd cafe if fuch Excels (hall be equal or amount to or exceed Tu • Buihels in any Chaldron fo reineafured, the Meter who M odd fuch Coals (nail for every Bu(hel fo exceeding fuch Qouttj* aforefaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shulingi together sd all the Expences of fuch Remeafurement.

XXXIV* Provided always, and be it further enafted, Thatif*1 Purchafer or Purchafcrs, or his, her or their Servmt orScroft (hall be diflatisfied with the Meafure of any Cosli fold or to fe

deW

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. lxiii.

777

or Streets communicating therewith refpeftively, in fuch manner that any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, may be wanted, which are not contained in the Schedules to the faid recited Afts or tills Aft annexed, or any or either of them, or in any or either of the Maps or Plans in the laid recited Afts or this Aft mentioned, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to carry into Effeft fuch Variations or Alterations, upon their obtaining the Confent of the feveral Owners and Occupiers, and other Perfons or Parties interefted in the faid laft mentioned Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments refpeft-ively, and all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Pofieffion, Reverfion, Remainder, Expeftancy or otherwife, and all Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees or Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purpofes, Committees, Executors and Adminillrators, and all other Truftees and Perfons whomfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and SuccelTors, but alfo for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trulls, whether Infants, Iflue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Perfon or Perfons, and all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed, poffefled of, or interefted in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Intereft therein ; and all other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity what foever is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to give fuch Confent, and thereupon to fell and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, to the faid Company, in like manner as if fuch Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments had been contained in the faid Schedule to this Aft annexed.

* XIV. And Whereas feveral Parts of the Lands and Heredita-4 ments which are or will be required for the Purpofes of the faid 4 recited Afts and this Aft are of Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure, 4 and Doubts have arifen as to the manner in which fuch Copyhold 4 or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments Ihould be conveyed to the 4 faid Company of ProprietorsBe it therefore further enafted, That any fuch Lands or Hereditaments which are of Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure mny be furrendered into the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the fame are refpeftively holden, to the Ufe of the faid Company of Proprietors, their SuccelTors and Affigns $ and the faid Company of Proprietors or their SuccelTors mail, if they (hall think fit, be thereupon admitted to hold the fame unto the laid Company of Proprietors, their SuccelTors and Affigns, according to the Cul-tom of the faid Manor or Manors, any Law or Uiage to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that if the faid Company of Proprietors, or their SuccelTors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being of fuch Manor or Manors, lhall be defi-rout that fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mall be enfiranchifed, Satisfaftion lhall be made in refpeft thereof; and fuch Lands and Hereditaments (hall be conveyed to the (aid Company of Proprietors, their Succefiors and Affigns, in Fee Simple, in the fame or the like manner as any other Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of the laid Afts.

4	XV. And

Conveyance of Copyholds.

Provifo for En-franchiferaent.

808

C. lxxviii.

58“ GEO. Ill:

AJ3.1W.

Fee to be paid by Pur chafer for Remetfurement.

Deficiency appearing on Re-meafurement.

Penalty on Vender.

If Cosh fold for Wharf Meafure. Penalty.

Penalty on Labouring Meter.

Penalty on Coal Porters.

When Deficiency, and Coals fold as for Pool Meafure. Penalty on Vender.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Meter his or their Option or Defire as to which of the fad Two Ways he or they would wifh fuch Remeafurement to be tiknor made in, then and in evenr fuch cafe fuch Meter /hall proofed is remeafure fuch Coals in fuch manner, and fo as to afeertso tb | whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks tab i together, and for fuch Remeafurement fuch Purchafer or Porctdai I (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Mac or . Coal Meters, of and from the Office to which Notice fai for been fent as aforefaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Cask fb remeafured; and in cafe, upon the Remeafurement of aar fad Coals which (hall be fo remeafured as to afeertain the Cootentsdf each particular Sack thereof, it (hall appear to the Meter fo re. meafuring the fame, that any Sack or Sacks of fuch Coaii fhAnot contain Three Bufhels, then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall for every Sad of Coals that (hall be fo found deficient on fuch Rcmeafarawt forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and in dr, upon the Remeafurement of any fuch Coals as aforefaid, which Hall be remeafured in fuch manner as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the fame {ball have been fent taken together, it (hall appear to fuch Meter as afmrfad that the Coals thus remeafured do not amount to the Qtanbry far which they were fold, then if fuch laft mentioned Cods hS be been fold as and for Wharf Meafure, the Vender or Vndm of, Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for ewy Bufhel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding lings, and alfo forfeit every Chaldron of Coala fo found or wanting in Meafure to and for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifli where fuch Coals fhall be fo remeafured, and the Labouring Mete under whofe Infpe&ion the Coals were firft mcafured (ball for every Bufhel fo deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Titbit 1 Shillings ; and the Coal Porters who (hall have firft meafum) fuel Coals for the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, M for every Bufhel of Coals fo wanting forfeit and pay any Sob Ml exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence ; but if any fuch Coals fo remeafured in the manner laft mentioned, and fo found to amount to lefs than the Quantity for which the fame were fold, (hall hate bees fold as and for Pool Meafure, then the Vender or Venders of, Dcikr , or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency fhall exceed Four Bufhels and not exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five ChaMrot and One Vat fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every Bafed of Coals fo found deficient in every fuch Five Chaldron and One V* any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and in cafe fuch Defkbcy (hall exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldron and OneVxfc retaeafured, then and in fuch cafe fuch Vender or Venders of, , Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every to Bufhel fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldron and One Vat aj Sum not exceeding Five Pounds : Provided neverthekfs, tbit so | fuch Coals fo fold and fent (hall be remeafured fo as to afttrtsa the whole Quantity of fuch Coals taken together, after more tk One Sack of fuch Coals (hall have been (hot or debvered foi fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into or upon the Ma of fuch Purchaier or Purchasers, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

’ ♦	XBVIW

56° GEO. III.

C lxxiir.

789

A&A816.

every Year be depofited in fome convenient Place at the Cuftom on i ft September Houfe in the Port of London, which the Commiffioners of the Cuf« in every Year* toms, or any Four or more of them, are hereby required to appoint to be the Omce of the Cuftoms Annuity and benevolent Fund, for the Perufal of each and every Subfcriber who may demand the fame at any convenient or appointed Hour, for the Space of One Calendar Month from the faid Firft Day of September•

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That the (aid Dire&ors (hall, Diwftont© and they are hereby declared to have the full, entire and exclufive foil M«n-Controul and Management of and over the faid Fund, and every ^Sd^nd tu thing relating thereto, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, under alter and make and Tubjed to fuch Provifions, Diredions, Regulations and Reftric- new Rule*, &c. lions, as may have been made in that behalf; and it (hall be lawful upon certain for fuch Diredors, if they (hall at any time after any fuch Rules, ConAt,00fc Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcription (hall have been

made think it necefTary, from time to time to alter any fuch Rules,

Regulations and Tables of Rates-of Subfcription, and to make any new and additional Rules, Regulations and Tables of Rates of Subfcription which may appear to be efiential or expedient for the better Regulation, Management and Controui of the faid Fund:

Provided always, that no fuch Alterations of any Rule, Regulation Proviib. or Table of Rates of Subfcription already eftabliftied, or new Rule,

Regulation or Table of Rates of Subscription (hall be valid or effedual or enforced, until the fame (hall have been approved by fuch Subfcribers to the faid Fuad as may be qualified for that Pur-pofe, and in the manner fet forth in the Rules and Regulations in force at the time, and by the Coromiflioners of the Cuftoms, or any Four or more of them, and ratified and confirmed by fuch Judge or Baron as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That this A& (hall be deemed Aft to be a and taken to be a Public A&, and (hall be judicially taken Notice Public Aft-of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHEDULE A,

T A* B. do hereby certify to you, That I accede to the Quarterly X Contribution of Poundage authorized by an A61 of the Fifty fixth Year of "the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in aid of the general Purpofes of the “ Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund.”

A. B.

Dated	. 18 .

SCHEDULE B.

T A. B. do hereby certify to you, That I decline acceding to the x Quarterly Contribution of Poundage authorized by an A61 of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in aid of the general Purpofes of the *< Cuftoms Annuity and Benevolent Fund.” B*

Dated	18 -

G*p.

3 E 3

Or Labouring Meter refuting te rtnaeafure.

Penalty.

Pordufer ob-ftruding Reroea-furtment.

Penalty.

Carmen to be paid fur being kept.

Rate of Payment.

Regulations ante Coals fold by Weight

lafpe&ion of Coals.

Fee to Principal Meter for in-*-td»on of •Is.

CtnviiL

56* GEO* Hi.

aj),m

Notice aft aforefeid, (hall negfefe ot cefofe, within tif&tti Four Hour* after the receipt of fach Notice, to feod tLfeuw Meter or Meters to the Houle, Lodging or other FnibifU Pnrchafer or Pardnitn accocdingly, or if any I*boang Ld Cool Meter or Meter* fhiU refoie or negfeft to kaaSm fa Coala, then and in every fach cafe the Principal or Subordn* Land Coal Meter, or Labouring Land Cool meter or then, b offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit: and pay any ha at exceeding Fite Pound*; and if ant fuch Paeclmfe orFknUe^ or any other Perfon or Perfona, (hall pretest, obfatd aiftenp, or attempt to prevent any fuch Remeafnrement bring preceded* and made by fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Metera, lent by the hi Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter, in ca&uuaaidm fuch Notice, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Partner or Par-chafer*, or other Perfon or Perfon* fo offending, fall ferneryfbdi Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tei Fomk

XXXIX. Provided always, and- be it further Tkt via madia* often aft any Cart, Waggon or other Cmriage fhall he topped or detained for the Purpofe or under Pretence of reneifamg fe Coal*, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of eiery fad Cat Waggon or other Carriage, fhall'be eatitfed to thoSnof Ibn {Mailings per Hour, for every Hour the Cart (Ml befedetmri, fed! fa in Proportion for any Era&ion of an Hoar, oKrrifa the ufoal Cartage of fuch Coals, which Three Shfegi ktBmr fhall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the WCofeafe the fame or any Part thereof fhall upon the RemeakRanttbmri be found deficient in Meafure, or by the Purcbafer of fodbCfe, in cafe the feme (hall not he resaeaiured, or fall upas ifa meafurement he found to amount to the Quantity fer rife to Coala were fold.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That all Coals which JUlbtUd by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place mthii tk Limit* of this A&, and to be fent in any Cart, Waggo* or cfa Carriage to the Purcbafer or Purchafers thereof, (hall be fold tr weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weiribtooaihu o£ One hundred and twelve Pound* Avoirdupoife, and Tweity fa Hundred Weight (hall be deemed and taken to be One Too; nd all fuch Coal* fo to be fold (hall be weighed sod loaded ft fa Wharf or Warehoufe, or other Place of Safe, in thePrefewrofOft of the Labouring Land Coal Meter* to be appointed purfgpttoM A&, and fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter it hereby aifaiw and required to fuperintend and infpedi the weighing aod feafegri all fuch Coak fo told by Weight, in order that Inch Mew m fee and he fetiafied that in every fuch Loading th» M ^cvI * Goal* is a&ually given, which (hall he exprefirainfaVirDOT* Dealer's Ticket, and fitch Meter may refute to coM!e7?J? Vender's or Dealer’s Ticket of any fuch Coals, in cafe Ml not fee that the full and proper Weight (ball he ing to the Quantity which (hall he expended in ffa Dealer’s Ticket, but fuch Mdter (hall, and he i* hereby

eouoterfign the feme, in cafe the proper Weight (bill be fag to fuch Quantity of Coals' expreffed in fuch Vender^ r?wfeati; and for fuch Infpefeaoo of fuch Coafe fe foM *2* be paid by.tba, Vqidcr 1tr ¥&dtr%JPfetf# ^

56° GEO. III.

<7. lxiii

781

refled with all the Fun&ions, Powers and Authorities by the faid cited A61 given to the faid Commiffioners therein mentioned, and all be fubjedl to all the Reftri&ions, Claufes, Provifoes and nadlments in the fame A61 contained in relation to the faid Com-iffioners.

XXIV.	And be it further enadfced, That the faid recited A6U of e Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of His prefent Maiefly, and 1 and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, rrovifions, egulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things hatfoever therein contained, fo far as the fame were in force at ie time of palling this A6fc, and alfo fo far as the fame are not :p ref sly altered or repealed by this A61, (hall extend and be con-rued to extend and operate, and be in full Force and Effed, with fpefl to all matters and things to be done, or which may arife in ie Execution of this A61, as fully and effe&ually as if the fame and rery of them were repeated and reenafted in this A61, and were ade Part thereof; and the fame recited A6ts and this A61 (hall, as > all matters and things whatfoever, except as aforefaid, be conftrued i One A61.

XXV.	And be it further ena61ed, That the Expences of obtaining nd palling of this A£t (hall be paid by the faid Company out of ie firfl Monies arifing or to arife by virtue of the faid recited A61s r of this A61, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the faid !ompany.

XXVI.	And be il further ena61ed. That this Ad (hall be deemed nd taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice f as fuch by all Judges, Juflices and others, without being fpecially (leaded.

49	3»	c.191.

53 G. 3.e. 184. and chit Ad to be conftrued at one Ad.

For defraying Expence* of Ad.

Public Ad

The SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

Parifh and County.	35 8	DESCRIPTION  of  PROPERTY.
	1.	Shed
3? ..	3.	Yard, Ac. *
««	3*	Sewer -
PQ at  So!	4*	Lately a Shed* now
<5 P		pulled down, lately
		MelTrs. Phelps and
>0 ei		Co.
< §	S’	Yard extending'}
So		northward to Nar->
		row Wall - -j
5-s	6.	Shed - Ditto
<.s	7-	Small Dwelling Houfe
&	8.	Public Houfe and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company - - Ditto

{Strand Bridge Company.

- - Ditto.

Archbilhop of Can-" terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Efquire, Leafeholders -

Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Efquire.

- - - - Ditto

- - Ditto.

• - - - Ditto -- - - - Ditto -T Archbilhop of CanO < terbury ; Whitbread > (.and Co. Leafeholders J

Thomas Vince. . James Bone.

George Pitman.

C. lxxviiL

S5°GEO.IIL

LMs.

The (taring op of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehoufe not to be prevented, provided fuch Sorts be kept in different Parcels.

Such Coals not to be fold other-wife than h v Wharf Meafure. end with the Names of each Son expire (Ted in the Ticket.

Penalty.

Provisions re-(pediog Coal Sheds or Warehouses where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding One Half Chaldron.

Provifo for Coals to be fold by the Name of “ Mixed Coals.**

A6t not to prevent Sale of Coals already

Such Coals to he deferibed as Warehoufe CoaU.

Fines aud Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered before

XLIII. Provided always, and be it farther ena&ed, That vrtw herein contained (hall extend, or be taken orconftruedtoeitr<ic at to hinder or prevent any fuch Vender or Venders of, or Deakroi Dealers in Coals within the Limit! of this Ad, from layn? cr ftoring up for Sale in any Warehoufe or Repofitorj,orotbcrc» venient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of amurSorti, Names or Defcriptions as he, (he or they (hall refpe&n'JH'ssi fit, provided fuch different Sorts, Names or Deforiptiosi i Guii be refpodtively laid and kept in fuch Warehoufe or other Repertory in feparate and di&intt Parcels, and wholly unmised; s&dpnr^ no fuch Coals be fold by any other than Wharf Meafure, or tsW the true Name or Names of every or any of fuch Sorts of fodiCsb as (hall be fold and fent from any fuch Warehoufe or other Repofitorr being expreffed in the Vender’s Ticket to be fent themnthtoxT Purchafer or Purchafers, and if any fuch Vender or Venders, c Dealer or Dealers in Coals, (hall fell or caufe to be (old byasy ocher than by Wharf Meafure any Coala out of any fuch Wadwde or other Repofitory in which Two or more different Sorts of Cotkuj be ffored or depofited, or (hall not infert or canfe to be inserted is the Vender’s or Dealer9! Ticket to be fent with fuch Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of fuch Cosh as lull be fent from or out of any fuch Warehoufe, Repofitory or other Fuce, to any Purchafer or Purchafers, then and in every fnefi ale ftej fuch Vender or Dealer fo offending, (hall, for every fnch Ofext, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty P«ak XLIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed,TVtwding herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, ton to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dolma Coals, within the Limits of this A A, who (hall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehoufe, where Coals (hall be fold in Quantities not grater than One Half Chaldron, and where no Coals (hall ever be foldh any Quantities exceeding One Half Chaldron, from mixing or bopeg up together, or caufing to be mixed or heaped up together m loch Shed, Shop or Warehoufe, any Quantity or Quantities ibufotw, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Defcripboos of Cads, as he, (he or they (hall refpedively think fit, or from (dlog or caufing to be fold, fuch Coals when fo mixed: Provided oevertbekk, that fuch Coals, when fo mixed, (hall be fold as, for and by theKusr of “ Mixed Coals,99 and (hall not be fold in any Quantities excee&g Half a Chaldron, nor (hall be fold at any other Place than ai tk Shop, Shed or Warehoufe, where the fame (hall have been femed XLV. Provided alfo, and be it further eoaded, That wttaf herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo«» hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Detlrr or Data in Coals within the Limits of this A&, from felling or cn%t#b fold any Mixed Coals whatfoever, which (hall have been mini* any time before the paffing of this A€t: Provided nevertbeWi, tit fuch Coals (hall be fold as and for, and (hall be defaibedith Vender’s or Dealer’s Ticket to be fent therewithal and for adty the Name of “ Warehoufe Coals."

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all Fines, Pemba* Forfeitures by this A€t impofed, f the manner of levying indite vexing whereof is not qtberwife hereby direded,) not exceed Twenty Pounds, (hall be fued for within One Cakmdar Month

ifwr

A.D.181&

56° GEO. in.

C. lxifi.

Buildings and Premifes required to be taken and ufed for thi Puf-pofes of the fame Ad ; and upon Payment or Tender of the Amount of fuch Compenfation for fuch Buildings, and the faid Damage, the fame, and every Part thereof, together with fo much of the Site thereof as (hall be neceffary and iufficient for making and conftru&ing fuch New Road, (hall be and become vefted in and be the Property of the faid Company.

• VIII. And Whereas by the faid Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, after reciting, that in the making and conftrutikg of the Road, leading from the South Foot of the faid intended’Bridge, a fmall triangular Slip or Piece of Ground would intervene between the faid' Bridge Road and the Eftate of His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wale* as Duke of Cornwall\ called Prince9! Meadows; and that His faid Royal Highnefs had confented to give up and agreed to aflign to the laid Company of Proprietors, and their Succeffors, all the Land which (hould be required out of the faid Eftate for the making and con-ftruding the intended Road leading to Stamford Street, without receiving any Compenfation or Payment for the Value of the fame, in confiaeration that the faid Company of Proprietors fhduld pur-chafe the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land which would fo intervene between the faid firft mentioned Road and the faid Eftate called Prince9s Meadows, and aflign the fame, without any Compenfation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, his Heirs' and Succeffors Dukes of Cornwall; it was further enadedj that the faid Company of Proprietors (hould and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchaie the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land thereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and fizty four feet, or thereabouts, on the Weft Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and fixty Feet, or thereabouts, at the North End thereof; and to aflign the fame and every Part thereof unto His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Succeflors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain forever Part and Parcelof the Duchy of Cornwall: And Whereas fince the palling of the faid recited Ad His Royal Highnefs the Prince or Wales hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Leafe or feveral Leafes of the faid Eftate called Prince9s Meadows, and of the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land, for feveral Terms for Years in the faid Contrad mentioned, of the Parcels refpedively: And Whereas the faid Company of Proprietors, in purfuance of fuch Agreement, and under the feveral Authorities in the faid recited Ads contained, have purchafed of the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jefus College of Queen Elizabeth*s Foundation,. within the City and Univerflty of Oxford; and of John Hanburj Beaufoy and Thomas James, their feveral Eftates and Interefts of and in the faid triangular Slip or Piece of Land, and other Land adjoining thereto ; and they nave alfo, under the like Authorities, purchafed of Jervoife Cleric Jervoife Efquire, a certain Wharf fronting the River Thames, and have given Notice of their Intention to purchafe a Meffuage or Tenement and Yard, both adjoining to the faid Eftate called Prince9! Meadows, and ex* tending from the faid triangular Slip of Land to the River Thames /. and the faid Company of Proprietors are at the Time of paffinp

C. lxxviii.

56« GEO. III.

A-t).I6ld

81*

Cofts.

Appeal.

Final.

Certiorari.

Summoning

Wknefles.

Kqt attending.

Penalty.

Such Pet (one may be apprehended,

and examined on Oath.

Refuting to be fwutn. Scc.

Imprifonment.

Perjury.

Penaltiet above nob how to be recovered.

fuch Appeal, and may either confirm or qtxafh and amend dm hid Convidnon, and award fnch Cofts to either Party as to them the Bad Juftices (hall feem juft and reafonable, and the Dedfion of the Cmd Juftices therein (hall be final, binding and conclufive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of this Ad (hall be qnaftrd or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed bj Ctrharari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Maqeftj's Courts of Record at Wejlminfter, or elfewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLIX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and teybe lawful to and for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace bekn whom any fuch Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures (hall be Toed for, to Summon before him or them any Perfon or Perfons who (hall in or hr the Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be a xleceflary Witnefs as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be Specified in the Surname tod in cafe Such Perfou So Summoned (hall not appear according to feeh Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of fuch Sammons is manner afore Said, Such Perfon So Summoned and not appeiriag is Compliance therewith, (hall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner tad by fuqh Ways and Means as is hereinbefore direded as to othrr Penalties; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended by Warrant, under tbe Hand tad Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether fuch Perfon baft meet upon Summons as aforefaid, or (hall be apprehended as afott&d, Juftice or Juftices (hall and may proceed to examine him or her opc* Oath as to the matter of fuch Complaint or Information; and k cafe fuch Perfon (hall refufe to be fwom or to anfwer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his Hand and Sol, or their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon fo refufixxgto be firms, or to anfwer or to give Evidence as aforefaid, to the Cornmos Gad or Houfe of Corredion of the County or Place in or for which fad Juftice or Juftices (hall then ad, there to remain for any Space of tine not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enaded, That if anjr Perfon or Pdfoat spoc his, her or their Examination upon Oath, before any Juftice or Jotai df the Peace, ading in Execution of this Ad, (hall wilfuHy and corruptly give falfe Evidence touching any matter or thing rehhnvto this Ad, or if any Perfon or Perions mall take or make any Me Oath or Affidavit, with refped to any matter or thing relating to tAa Ad, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convidcd thereof, (hall be and is hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch to and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effed, Perfons gsfey of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjed and liable to.

LI. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Tweiity Pounds by this Ad impo&d for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Ad, (Hr ad may be recovered by Adion of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Infbnutno, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at WeJhMbr, wfcerdb no 'Effoigfl, Protedion, Wager of Law or any more mtn One he-parlance (hall be allowed by me Perfon or Perfons who JhaO inform

and

AJX1I1S.

56* GEO.IIL

C.btiL

775

Wharf of the Breadth aforefaid; and alfo the She of that Part of the find Street or Way called die Narrow (Fall, hereinbefore de-fcribed, abutting thereon at aforefaid; and alfo fo much and fuch Part of the fold Meffuage or Tenement and Yard as aforefaid t Provided always, that the foid feveral Parcels of Land fo to be transferred and affigned to and retained by the faid Company of Proprietors refpedively, (hall be freed and difcharged of and from all Contra&a or Agreements entered into by His faia Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, and the faid Land fo to be conveyed and affigned to His faid Royal Highnefs in Heu thereof (hall be liable to and charged with all Contrads or Agreements entered into by His faid Royal Highnefs, to which the faid Lands fo to be affigned to or retained by the faid Company of Proprietors are now liable.

IX.	And be it further eroded, That His faid Royal Highneft Enabling the the Prince of Wales, bis Heirs and Succefiors Dukes of Cornwall, Prince of Wales fhall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make

Leafes and Grants, or to enter into any further Contract or Con- &c. ttken in* tnds, for granting One or more Leafes of all fuch Parts of the faid exchange, triangular Slip as (nail not be transferred and affigned to and retained by the laid Company of Proprietors; as alfo of the faid Wharf and Land fo to be purchafed, conveyed and affigned to His faid Royal Highnefs as aforefaid ; and His mid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and Succefiors Dukes of Cornwall, and the King or Queen for the time being fhall have the fame and the like Powers and Authorities in wiped to the fotd Grotmd or Site fo vefted in him and them by force of this Ad, as he now hath, or he or they fhall or may have, tinder arid by virtue of all or any of the feveral Ads of Pariiament made and pafied, one in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, intituled An A3 to enable Hie Royal Highneft George Prince of Wales to make Leaps, Copies and Grants of Officer*.

Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs* s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for the other Pur* poles therein mentioned; another, made and pafied in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to enable His•

Royal Highnefs George Prince of Wales to grant Leafes of certain Lands and Premfes called Prince's Meadows, m the Pari/h of Lambeth, m the County of Surrey, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs*s Duchy of Cornwall, for toe Purtofe of building thereon; and the Other, pafied in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and intituled An AB for amending and enlarging the Powers of an AB, Ptsfid in the Fiftieth Tear of His prefent Mayfly, to enable His Royal Htghnefs the Prince of Wales So grant Leafes of certain Lands and Preddjes called Prince’s Meadows, in the Parijh of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His faid Royal HtghneJPs Dacbp of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

X.	And be k further eroded, That nothing in this Ad or in the Lindt belonging

{aid recked Ads contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to	10	Can-

authorise or empower the find Company to take or ufe any Lands	^rul£J “^lo

or Hereditaments belonging to the See of Canterbury, until the^ Competition ba. fhall have made Compensation for the fame in manner direded by the mtdef&c.

find recked Ada or tbk Ad, fove and except only in fuch manner and for fiich Purpofes atf the faid Company may lawfully take and ufe the fruorie, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any Leafe or Leafes already granted or hereafter to be granted by the (aid See. .

9D I	1	XI* And-

Clxiii.

56° GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

Premifes Ute of Meflrs. Phelps and Company may be taken.

Satiffadion to be made in graft Sums.

Incapacitated Perlons empowered to convey Lands to the Gammy by Confetti

4 XI* And Whereas it is by the {aid firft recited Ad eaa&d,

*	that nothing therein contained (hould extend or be conftrued to a*

*	tend to enable the faid Company of Proprietors to take or ufe or

*	otherwife to intermeddle with any Wharf, Road, Houfes, Buildings,

*	Grounds or Premifes in the faid Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth, in ‘ the faid County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Sand 4 Phelps, Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebridge, trading

*	under the Finn of Phelps and Company, without the Content in

*	Writing of the faid Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abroha* 4 Bracebridge, firft had and obtained for that Purpofe: And Whereas

*	the faid Company of Proprietors have obtained the Content in

*	Writing of Sir William Paxton, Knight, Sir Charles Coclmh 4 Baronet, and Charles Greenwood* Efquire, (in whom the fame 4 Premifes have become vefted for all the Eftate and Intereft, late

*	of the faid Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward and Abraham Brea-4 bridge therein,) authorizing them the faid Company of Proprietors

*	to take and ule for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this 4 Ad, fo much and fuch Part of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Grounds

*	and Premifes as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad, and alfo

*	all that Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called Heameys Wharf} Be it therefore further enaded, That the faid Company of Pro-prietors fhall have full Power and Authority to take and ufe fo much of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Grounds and Premifes, as are mentioned in the faid Schedule to this Ad, and that the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground formerly called HeamPs Wharf (hall be fubjed to fuch and the fame Powers and Provifions as the fame would hare been fubjed to, under or by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or either of them, in cafe no fuch Confent as aforefaid had been made requifite by the faid firft recited Ad: Provided always, that the laid Company of Proprietors (hall not be fubjed or liable to take or ufe any greater Part of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Grounds and Premifes, than as aforefaid*

XII* And be it further enaded, That Satisfadion for any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which {hall be ufed or taken for the Purpofes or under the Authority of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or either of them, or for any Injury or Damage that fhall be done or occafioned in carrying the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or either of them, into Execution, (hall be made in the manner direded by the faid firft recited Ad, with refped to any Lands taken or ufed, or any Injury or Damage done in the Execution of the fame Ad, except only that the Satisfadion to be made for any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Buddings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall hereafter be taken or ufed for the Purpofes or under the Provifions of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or any or either of them, (hall always be made by the Payment of a Sum of Money in grofs, and not otherwife; and that fo much of the faid recited Ads, or either of them, as dire&s fuch Compensation to be made by an Annual Rent or Annul Payment, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe it (ball appear to the faid Company of Proprietors, that it will be more convenient and advifable to vary, alter or improve any Part of the Roads by the faid recited Ads and this Ad authorized to be made,ortheAccefs or Approaches to the (aid Bridge, or either of them, or any Roads

or

K 1816,

66° GEO. III. C. lxxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. lxxxii.

A61 to amend an A61 pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34 G* 3* eign of His prefent Majefty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching id otherwife improving the fcveral Streets and other Public laces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parifh of aint Poner at* in the County of Middlefex. [ift July 1816.]*

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Aft for improving the Road from the City of Glafgow to the :ity of CariyU. (6)	[ift July 1816.]

Cap. Ixxxiv.

A61 for erefting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court A Chancery.	[2d	July	1816.]

I \f HE RE AS under and by virtue of an Aft made and paifed' 53 G.3.c- *4* V\ in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent lajefty, intituled An AB to facilitate the Adminifration of Jufticcy nd of the feveral Afts therein mentioned or referred to, and by irtue of divert Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for lat Purpofe, in purfuance of the faid feveral Afts, divers Sums of ioney have been from time to time taken out of the common and s eneral Cafh belonging to the Suitors of the (aid Court, which ly dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out a the Marne of the Accountant General of the faid Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and fuch Government and Hrliameptary Securities have been carried to an Accouut, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security )f the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,9 and the Intereft and Dividends arifing therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled * Account of Securities pur*

; chafed with Surplus Intereft arifing from Securities carried to an*

Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery :9 And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, Sir Thomas P/umer9 Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of Englandy and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as fuch Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln9s Inn, in the County of Middlefex ; but the fame is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpofe, and fuch Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the faid Society; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the faid Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the faid Court and * Lincoln's Inn Hally was erefted and built for holding the Sittings of 4 the faid Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

‘ And Whereas the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lirv. 4 coofented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground co!n’« Inn has 4 at the Weft End of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the	*J>jeft

4 (rid 8ockty, for the Purpofe of Building fuch new Court thereon,

4 on condition that the Fee Simple of fuch Piece of Land or Ground,' Court 4 and all Buildings to be erefted and built thereon, fhtll be and 560xo. III.	5	G	4	remain

77*

C.lxiii.

56s GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

Power to make an Archway over the New Road.

Committee may agree for Paff.tge of Perfonsfor Three Yeais, and iflue Tickets.

Lending

Tickets.

Penalty.

Notice of Payment of Toll to be given on a Board.

Defacing Notice.

Penalty.

Toll Colle&ors to put up their Names.

Colledon offending

‘ XV. And Whereas in order to make a gradual Afcent to the

*	faid Bridge on the South Side thereof, without destroying or in-‘ commoding the free PafTage of Perfons, Horfes and Carnages along

*	the faid iutended Road hereby authorized to be made from the {aid 4 Road called the Commercial Road to Narrow Wall aforehid, k < will be neceffary that an Arch Should be con&ru£fced or eiedrd 4 over the faid intended Road, and under the afcending Avenue

*	or Road to the faid Bridge on the South Side thereof ;* Be k therefore further enaded, That it Shall and may be lawful to sad for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own proper Coils and Charges, to make or caufe to be made an Arch or Arenway over or upon the hid intended Road, of a Width not being lefs than Twenty fix Feet it the Bottom or wideft Space thereof, and of a Height being not Iris than Twenty four Feet above the Level of certain Lands called Prince** Meadowy in the Parifh of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey•

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors Shall have full Power and Authority to contract or agree with any Perfon or Perform for his, her or their free PafTage over the faid Bridge, and along the faid Roads, for asy time or times not exceeding Three Years, at any one time for fuck Sum as to the faid Committee Shall feem meet, and thereupon toiflbe One or more Ticket or Tickets to fuch Perfon or Perfons, to enable him, her or them to pafs Toll free over the faid Bridge, and along the faid Roads, for the time for which fuch Cootrad Shall hare bees made ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons Shall lend or transfer fsefa Ticket for the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, and whereby fuch other Perfon or Perfons Shall under colour of fuch Ticket pafs over the faid Bridge, or through any Turnpike or Toll Bar upon any of the faid Roads Toll free, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the. Ufe of the faid Company.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Company Shall and they are hereby directed and required to caufe Notice to be given by or upon a Board, to be constantly affixed on the Front of all the Turnpikes or Toll Houfes to be ereded on or near the faid Bridge, in large legible Charaders, that the Payment of Toll at asy one T urn pike or Gate Shall free and exempt the Perfon or Perfeoi paying the fame from Payment at any other Turnpike or Gate, far or in refped of paffing once over the faid Bridge ; and if any Perfon or Perfons Shall deface or obliterate any Part of the Notice on fuch Board, he. She or they Shall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That every Toll Cohedor appointed either by the faid Company of Proprietors, or by any LeSTee or Leflees under them, to colled the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be ereded by virtue of the fold recited Ads or this Ad, Shall and he is hereby required to place; his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in Srgibte Characters, in the Front or on Some other confpioubus Part of tne Toll Houfo or Tafl Gate, immediately after his coming on Duty, and Shall continue the feme fo placed during the whole time he Shall be upon fuch Duty; and if anyColkdor of the faid ToUs Shall not phot funk Board as

afofdaid.

56° GEO. III. C. lxxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. Ixxxii.

to amend an Adi pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34 G* 3* rign of His prcfent Majefty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching c.chxiii. d otherwife improving the feveral Streets and other Public aces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parifh of tint Pancratj in the County of Middlefex.	[xft July 1816.]'

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Adi for improving the Road from the City of Glafgow to the ity of CarliJL. (6)	[ift July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

Adi for ere&ing Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court I Chancery.	[2d July 1816.]

HERE AS under and by virtue of an A£l made and palled 53 G.3. c. 14* f\ in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent tajefty, intituled An AS to facilitate the Adminijlration of JuJHcef ‘ id ot the feveral A6U therein mentioned or referred to, and by rtue of divert Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for tat Purpofe, in purfuance of the laid feveral Ads, divers Sums of loney have been from time to time taken out of the common and eneral Cafh belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court, which y dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out 1 the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and fuch Government and hurliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security if the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and the Intereil md Dividends arifing therefrom have in like manner been laid out uid carried to au Account, intituled * Account of Securities pur* dialed with Surplus Intereil arifing from Securities carried to an*

Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery:* And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited A61 of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, Sir Thomas Plume r9 Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as fuch Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln*s Inn, in the County of Middlefex ; but the fame is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpofe, and fuch Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the faid Society ; and it would be of advantage and an Accommodation to the Public if a proper and convenient Court for the faid Vice Chancellor, with or without a proper Communication between the faid Court and Lincoln*s Inn Hall% was eredted and built for holding the Sittings of the (aid Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

And Whereas the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln*s Inn have Society of Lin* confuted and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground coin'* hmhas ' ai Weft End of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the	#J?jeift

iety, for the Purpofe of Building fuch new Court thereon,	#

ion that the Fee Simple of fuch Piece of Land or Ground, * Court, buildings to be eroded and built thereon,'(hall be and 0.111.	S	G	<	remain

816

Notice.

Treble Colts.

Aft not to liter or repeal 47 G. 3. Seff. a. c. Ixriii.

Commencement •f Aft.

Public Aft.

35 G. j. 0,136. continued.

10 G.3. c. too. 33 0.3. c. 138. 54 G. 3. c. ccs. continued.

33 a.ft.c.35.

I9G.J.C. AX. repealed.

C. lxxviii—lxtxi.	56* GEO. III.	AJ).Ul(*

Audi arife; and if any fuch Adkra or Suit dull be brought befeq Twenty one Days9 Notice (hall have been given, or after a iScet Satisfa&ion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the time \md for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury (hall End for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Pbkis or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited or difeontinue his, her or tbdr A&e or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall hate appear^ or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants (hall recomTrtble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as »y Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit, in other cafes by Law.

LV1. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That noting in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Myrtj, bat that the laid Ad, and all the Powers, Provifions, Claufa, Peukw and Forfeitures therein contained, (hall be as good, valid and e&cbil, to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hallcommence and take place from and after the paffing thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hallbe deesied and taken to be a Public Adf and (hall be judicially taka Noriaof as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpedaftr pleaded.

Cap, lxxix.

An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Ad of the Thirty fifth Tear of His prefect Maiefty, for repairing the Road from Hor/eh Upright G&, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wmt% to the Top of Kingjdown Hill, in the Pari(h of Box, in the faid County, ft! feveral other Roads near or adjoining thefeto. (a)

OfthJhriM]

[Additional Trufteet.']

Cap. lxxx.

An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of feveral Ads of His prefent Majofty’s Reign, For repairing the Highways from Spegnbamland, in the County of Berlin to Marl-borough, in the County of Wilts % and other Roads therein rationed, fo far as relates to the Speenhamland Diftrift of the hid Roads, (a)	[a6th	1816.]

[Additional Trvftees. Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls pastel)

Cap. lxxxi.

An Ad for the more efiedual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Now Shorthorn, in the County of Sujex.

t*ftJulj M]

Cep

56° GEO, III.

C, lxiii.

781

veiled with all the Fun ft ions, Powers and Authorities by the faid cited Aft given to the faid Commiflioners therein mentioned, and tall be fubjeft to all the Reftriftione, Claufes, Provifoes and naftments in the fame Aft contained in relation to the faid Com-illionera.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Afts of 49 G.3. c. 191. le Forty ninth and Fifty third Years of His prefent Nfaiefty, and S3 3- 184. 1 and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, rrovifions,

Legulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things a. hatfoever therein contained, fo far as the fame were in force at

te time of palling this Aft, and alfo fo far as the fame are not tprefsly altered or repealed by this Aft, (hall extend and be con-rued to extend and operate, and be in full Force and EfFeft, with rfpeft to all matters and things to be done, or which may arife in le Execution of this Aft, as fully and effeftually as if the fame and rery of them were repeated and reenafted in this Aft, and were lade Part thereof; and the fame recited Afts and this Aft (hall, as > all matters and things whatfoever, except as aforefaid, be conftrued s One Aft.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That the Expences of obtaining For defraying nd palling of this Aft lhall be paid by the faid Company out of Expences of be firft Monies ariling or to arife by virtue of the faid recited Afts

r of this Aft, or any of them, or now in the Hands of the faid Company.

XXVI.	And be ft further enafted. That this Aft lhall be deemed Public Aft. nd taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice

f as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially (leaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers.

1*  ii	f c  ffi  *8	DESCRIPTION  of  PROPERTY.
	1.	Shed
X ••	2.	Yard, Ac.
	3-	Sewer
Pm  JSbS	4*	Lately a Shed* now
CD		pulled down, lately
		MefTrs. Phelps and
— U-4  ►h 0 ci f		Co.
	J»	Yard extending'l
w r \		northward to Nar->
		row Wall - -J
	6.	Shed - Ditto
<*	7-	Small Dwelling Houfe
&	8.	Public Houfe and Yard, White Swan -

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

Strand Bridge Company ---- Ditto

{Strand Bridge Company. ----Ditto.

Archbilhop of Can-" terbury; Sir William Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles * Greenwood Efquire, Leafeholders -

SirWilliam Paxton, Sir Charles Cockerell, and Charles Greenwood Efquire.

- - - Ditto -

........Ditto.

-----Ditto -

-----Ditto -

f Archbilhop of Can-1 < terbury ; Whitbread > (.and Co. Leafeholders J

Thomas Vince. , James Bone.

George Pitman.

818

C.hnuuv,

58*050.111,

AJXim

Sheriff* to im-pannel a Jury to aflefs the Pur-chafe Money to he paid for the Piemiles herein mentioned.

Wimeflei to be fununoned.

4 remain for ever veiled in the Dud Society, in Truft for the Ulead 4 Accommodation of the {aid Court of Chancery, and to and for bo 4 other Ufe, Intent or Pnrpofe whatsoever: And Whereat ffotirf 4 Grunhill Ruffcll of Lincoln V Inn afbrefojd, £fquiz^,i8 entitled to as 4 Eftate for hit own Life, with the Power of affigniag the fame 4 upon the Terms and according to the Ryles and Regplatfaas of 4 the f*id Society, of and in a certain S?tof ChambfsMucr tk 4 faid Council Chamber of the faid Society, and certain Row or 4 Chambers over the fame ; and the faid Society are entitled to the 4 Reverfion and Inheritance thereof, fbbje& to fuch Eftate and!*

4 tereft of the foid Robert G+eenMl Ruffcll therein^ and ft wS be 4 proper that fuch Chambers and Rooms ihould be deifvexed up to 4 the foid Society; and that proper Compenfation ihould be made to 4 the faid Robert Greenbill Ruffcll for bis Eftate and Intereft there®,

4 and for the Lofs and Incomrenienoe. he w3l be pot to by hog 4 obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to gooo op the 4 Fofleffiou thereof to tbe foid Society % and it fomfoonHrlfal Ac 4 faid Society ihould be reimbnrfed all Charges. and Expenses wrich 4 they have or may be put to for Plans and Eflotnatee far the Bsld-• ings for tbe foid Court, and in the needfery AJtentiaas of their 4 fold Council Chamber, or other wife,, in qwsfrqtnce thoonf:' May it therefore pi cafe Your Maiefty that it map be mn&ei; mi be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Mxyefty, by and fad tbe Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempanl mi Common* in this prefent Parliament afferphled, and fotfa Authority of the fom* That the Sheriff of the. County of Middlcjcn faa&fortfc-with, and he is hereby empowered and required to impend (warn apd return not lefs than Twelve nor more than Twenty Sam fab J ftaotial and indifferent Perfons of his. Bailiwick, qualified to Cent as Juries; and the Periods fo, to be impanntfted* fomamri and at- ' turned as aforefoid are hereby required to cmm nirnen befaae the foid Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Rov>% in Ufa Aurikof Smt Andrew, Holbom* in the fo# County* at fuch turn asfhalibeJpe-cifitd in fuch Warrant, and to attend the foid Sheriff .or his Deputy at the.faid Placeuotil difchnrged by the foid Sheriff ochas iSepaOp; and out of funh Perfons fo to be nnpanneUed, hmmoofa and *-turned,* a Jury of Twelve Mjen ftafi be drawn by tbr fold Sheriff* hh D^puity, in fuch manner as Juries for Trials of, Ifao josnsdtp , Hi* Majefty/s Qoprts at AVcftmioflerum by Law to be draws; and j iu cafo a fumcient Number of Jurymen foul not appear at the me I and Place appointed a&.afoftefoid# the fojd Sheriff or Jus Depmy JaD return other honeft and indifferent Mefbof tbe Bjp Standee* or ef others who can be fpaadily procured to attend that Service, bring b qualified, as aforefoid, to makft, op tbe,foid Jury to the. Numb* of Twelve, and all Parties copcmnos, may bane thairdnvefiri Chplhnpe againft any of the fold Jurymen, but foatttm* cbaUoaf* ahnAmtj; and the f«d Sheriff or hw Deputy <is he*phy enpgnwtdmd aafrioad to fummon and call before him any Witoefies touching the matin a in queftioo, and may* if be (ball think ikwl ffa.OccaSon* orffmfihe thereto required, order and authorise the foid.Jvfy* oa.ay TWr more of then* to view the Pfa(^ or.Pl»6es^ nwU»rsjB^rhiugs o controvnvfy, and. foch Jury fosll upon.

well asxhe Oaths tp fuch	fi|»d,8baoffs>c> bin. IWyii I

hereby enqmwnnpd and required to adbrinttfer) raqpiiWifafa aftfrand

♦6^	afabetaa,

>.181*.

wono-iii

C. lixxiv.

sit

and give a V?ndi$ fo$ the 9^n or Sums ,»f Money which be to' be paid to the faid Robert Greenbill Ruff ell9 bia Executors, n'mi(flEMRQrs or Afiigns, for the Purchase ot all his Effate add Jreft. id the laid Set of Chambers, and the Rooms over the fame, by Way of Compenfatyou and Satisfaction for the Lofs, Expence Inconvenience be ihall or may be put to or fuftain in being de-red of the PoffeOjon thereof, together with all reafonabte Coftp . Expences of and attending fuch Enquiry, and the faid Sheriff 11 give Judgment for fuch Purchafe and Compenfation Money fo ffed by fuch Jury ; which faid Verdi & and the Judgment thereon (hall be ligned by the faid Sheriff or his Deputy, and (hall be d in the Report Office of the faid High Court of Chancery with t Records of the faid Court, and (hall be deemed to,be,a Record the faid Court to all Intents and Purpofes ; and the fame or an fiat Copy thereof ihall be held and allowed to be good Evidence all Courts whatfoever, and ihall be binding and conclufive to nil ttents and Purpofes upon all Perfon? whomsoever: Provided that tven Day 8* Notice in Writing at Wail, of the Hour and Place at hich fuck Jury are fo required to be returned, be given to th$ laid jsbert Grtenbill Rvffcll, his Executors, Adminiftratars or Affignfc ad to the fait} Honourable Society of Lincoln’s fnn9 before t£e me of the Meeting of the faid Sheriff and Jury, by leaving fuch loUoe at the Chambers of the faid Robert Greenbill Ruff'll in Ancoln’s Inn aforefaid, and at the Steward’s Office of the find So-iety in the faid Inn.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfonp hall in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this A& wilfully and corruptly give fajfe Evidence, or otherwile forfwegr bimfeit or tbemfelves before fuch Sheriff and Jury, in the Execution of this A61, fuch Perfon or Perfons (haft and may be orofjecut^d for the fame, add updn Convi&ion thereof (hall be lubjeft and liaJtpdr to fuch and the fame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of and corrupt Peijury are, by the .Laws in being, fubjeS and liable Lto.

HI. And be it further effaced, That out of the Iqteraft and piyi-dsuds of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to thp faid Account, intituled « Account of Monies placed out for the Berftf* arid better Security of the Suitors of the High Cour( of Chadcery/ and put pf the Intereff and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the faid Account, intituled ( Account of Securities pgrehafed with Surplus Intereff arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed put for the Benefit and better Security of the SuitOxt of the High Court of Chancery,’ there ihall be psid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery (but fubje& and without Prejudice to tb? Payment of all Salaries and all other Payments and Sums of Money, by any former A& dire&ed or authorized to be paid .thereout, or to be hereafter ordered to be paid under the Authority of any former A&j to the faid Robert Greenbill Rvffcll> his Executors, Adminiftratprs or Affigns, the Sum fo afieffed and awarded by the (aid Sheriff apd Jury, upon hit making a good Title to and executing a proper Conveyance of all his Effate, Right, Title and Intereff of and ip the faid Set of Chambers, with the Rooms Or Chambers over the &me, free bom Incumbrances, to the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn9 tsd deHvtring up the Poffhffion thereof to the faid Society, as dire&ed

3 G 2	by

Perjury.

Court of Chan, eery may order Sums not exceeding 9,000]. to be p#i4 of the Intereft.^f, Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Court for creeling and fitting up convenient Courts of Juftire in Lincoln’s Inn.

C. lxxviii.

56° GEO. Ill

AJD.1816.

Xiibounng Coal Meters to at tend their Stations.

Notice

Not attending, &c.

Penaky.

Coal Meters not to be intereftcd in Sale of Coals.

Penalty.

PunUhmenr.

Land Coal Meters may demand from Ven-

•	fped and meafure, or fee meafured or loaded* allfuch Coals betweec

*	Buyer and Seller, and execute fuch other Duties as are by Lav

‘ required to be done by a Labouring Land Coal Meter, without € Favour or Hatred. ,	So help me GOD.’

X.	And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral Labouring Land Coal Meters, (hall and they are hereby required to attend « the feveral Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, at which he or they (hall be Rationed from time to time by the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Ckrii* mas Day and Fall or Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September, from the Hour cf Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening ; ar.d from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March, from the Hour of Six in the Morning until the Hour of Six in the Evening 5 and if upon Notice being given to any fed Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters fo Uationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place cr Places of Abode, to attend at any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place to be named in fuch Notice, within the Limits of his or their Statics or Stations for the time being, in order to meafure or fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Ad to be done by any Land Coal Meter at any fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place to be named in fuch Notice^ for the Purpofe of meafuring or to fee meafured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Land Coal Meters by this Ad, (hall be given at the Office of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, or at the faid fubor-dinate Office; and if fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters (hall not attend purfuant to any fuch Notice within the Space of tour Hours from the giving of the fame, and do his or their Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then and is every fuch cafe every fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the faid Principal Land Coal Meter, or any of the Perfons to be employed under him, (hall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their refpedive Continuance in Office or Employment as aforefaid, he diredly or indiredly interefted or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatfoever, otherwife than in the Difcbarge of his or their faid refpedive Offices, fuch Principal Land Coal Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and fuch Deputy Coal Meter, and Labouring Coil Meter refpedively, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and being thereof refpedively convided before the (aid Court of General or Quarter Seffioos, (hall be difmiffed from his or their'(aid refpedive Office or Employment, and be for ever di&bled from holding or executing the lame or any other under this Ad*

XII.	And be it further enaded. That all Coals whatfoever fold and to be feat or taken away in any Waggon, Cart or other Car.

A.D. 1816.	56°	GEO.	Ill*	C. bfcxviii.

riag«, from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place or Places within the Limits of this Ad, and alfo all Coals whatfoever fold and to be Tent by Gang Labour, from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter (hall be ftationed, fituate within fuch Limits as aforefaid, (hall, previoufly to fuch Coals being fo fent or taken away, be carefully infpe&ed and examined by the Principal or One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters, in order that fuch Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be fatisfied that fuch Coals (in cafe of fuch Coals being fent or taken away in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage) are of the Sort or Defcription mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Ad direded to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of fuch Coals to the Purchafer or Purcbafers thereof, or may fee and be fatisfied that fuch Coals (in cafe of fuch Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Defcription as and for which the fame (hall be fold; and fuch Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Vender or Venders, or of the Wharfinger, or other Perfon with whom the Ship Certificate of any of fuch Coals (hall be left at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any fuch Coals, fuch Ship Certificate, for the Purpofe df perufing and infpeding the fame, and fuch Meter (hall and he is hereby required to counterfign fuch Ticket or Tickets, if fuch Meter (hall be fatisfied that fuch Coals are of the Sort they are defcribed to be in fuch Ticket or Tickets, but (hall not counterfign the fame without being fofiitisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and fuch Meter (hall, and he is hereby alfo authorized and required, when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, (hall have been delivered thereout, to write or indorfe on the Back of the Certificate of fuch Coals, the Word 44 Delivered and if any fuch Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Perfon (hall refufe or negle£l to produce and deliver to any fuch Meter fuch Ship Certificate on Demand, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch Vender or Venders, Wharfinger or other Perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and if any fuch Meter (hall coun-terlign any fuch Ticket or Tickets, without having firft infpe&ed fuch Coals, and alfo fuch Ship Certificate, and witfiout. having rea-fonable Ground to be fatisfied that fuch Coals are of the Sort defcribed in fuch Vender or Venders* Ticket, or if any fuch Meter (hall not immediately after the whole of tbe Coals contained in any filch Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, (hall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for filch Certificate of. fuch Coals, or (hall not immediately on fuch Certificate being produced indorfe the fame in manner aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch Meter fo offending (hail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Sack (hall be made ufe of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, within the Limits aforefaid, except fuch Sack (hall be made of Linen, and (hall have been firil fealed and marked with White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London* or at the Exchequer Office, Wcjl-'minjtery by* thd proper Officer there, and (hall at the time of making Ufe of fuch Sack meafure in the Ittfide thereof at lead Four Feet *	and

*795

der or Wharfinger a Sight of the Ship*i Certificate.

Meter may demand of Vender the Ship Certificate.

Vender refufing.

Penalty. Meter unduly counterfigpihg,

Penalty.

Dimenfions of the Sacks.

796

C.Ixxviii.

A.D.181I

Vender, kc. ufing Sacks of improper Di* tnenfionx.

Penalty, Sec.

Coals delivered by Gang Labour need not be put into fuch Sacks.

What Bulbel Meafure to be made ufe of. ia Ann. Scat. a. c.i;. $ ii, ia.

Dealers, Itc. ufing ether Butiel.

Penalty. Servants, Btc. of Dealer ufing other Buftiel.

. 56° GEO. IIL

t

and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Bmdffi and no Sack /hall be fealed or marked which /hall not, at the til of the marking or fealing thereof, meafure in the Iniide thereof Fa Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two led in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Ddi in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, /hall ufe or caufe to be ufeda Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the fermll refpe&ive Limits aforefaid, not fealed or marked as aforefaid, on lefa Length at the time of u/ing the fame than Four Feet and Tu Inches at the lea/l in the Infide thereof, or of lefs Breadth thm Ts Feet and One Inch at the lead in the Iniide thereof, then and i every fuch cafe every fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer • Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals /hall, for every fuch Sad fo unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pq any Sum not exceeding Forty Shimngs; and the Juftke or Jaffa before whom fuch Convi&ion /hall take place, /hall caufe every fad Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, ta be deflroyed: Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered b Gang Labour may be conveyed without the Ufe of fuch Sadi; cy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Bu/hel dull be kept or made ufe of for or in the Admeafurement of any Coals fdl within the Limits aforefaid, which /hall not be fuch Bulhel as is dr-feribed in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majeily Queen Anne, intituled An AO for the Jptdj nJ effectual preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, h Jt°PPtng the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, ii & County of Effex, and for afcertAning the Coal Meafure, and wbkJ /hall not have been firft lumped or marked by the proper Office at the Exchequer Office at lVeflminflert or at the Guildhall, M previou/ly to the fame being io kept or ufed; and that every fad Bu/hel, previoufly to being fo /lamped or marked, /hall be fated for Work and Ufe with iron or Copper Hoops, and /hall be b /lamped or marked with a Steel Inflrument on the uppermoft Inn or Copper Hoop; and that every fuch Bu/hel /hall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that in making ufe of fad Bu/hel all Coals /ball be duly heaped up in fuch Bu/hel in the Fora of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfide of the Bu/hel to be the Extremity of die Bafe « fuch Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals ihall corii of Thirty fix of fuch Bu/hels fo heaped, and fo in proportion fix any leffer Quantity j and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, /kali keep or oak ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Bu/hel in the A/* meafurement of anv Coals other than fuch Bu/hel as afore/aid, ri fo ilampt as aforefaid, or /hall in any wife decreafe or dinuni/h any fuch Bu/hel ilampt as aforefaid, or mall permit his, her or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fo to do, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals fb offending, /hall forfeit and pay, for every fwk Offence, any Sum sot exceeding Twenty Poundsj and if any fuck Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or unfa the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Vender* /hall make ufe of, in adxneafuring of any Coals, any BoJhel other

4a

A.D.1810.

56° GEO. III.

C.lxxviin

797

than fuch Bufhel as aforefaid, ftampt as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any otber Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fhall in any manner decreafe or diminifh any fuch Bufhel flampt as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Servant or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons rafpedively, for every fuch Offence, fhall Imprifotoment, * be committed to the Houle of Corredion by any One or more fcc*

Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Kent, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all Coals fold, fent, taken or Regulation with carried away as and for Pool or River Meafure, from any Ship, regard to Coala Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, and to be fent in any Cart,	by Pooi

Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within the Meafurc* Limits of this Ad, fhall be loaded in Sacks, in the Prefence of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diitrid, which Labouring Land Coal Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and infped the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein fuch Coals fhall be loaded, and it fhall be lawful for fuch Meter to meafure the Dimenfions of all or any of fuch Sacks ufed in any fuch Loading before fuch Sacks fhall be filled or loaded ; and fuch Meter fhall. When Room of and he is hereby authorized and required, when any Room or Rooms Coals foW> Mt-of Coals in any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or Craft, are or is to	Jy

be fold and fent or taken away from any fuen Wharf or other Place taken out. * as and for Pool Meafure by any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, to fee that the Coals fo loaded and fent or taken away are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms fo fold, and likewife that the whole of the Coals contained in any fuch particular Room or Room fo fold are in fad entirely emptied out of fuch Room or Rooms, and loaded and fent or taken away to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Cods contained in fuch Room or Rooms ; and in cafe fuch Meter fhall find any Sack or Sacks ufed for the loading of any fuch Coals is or are of lefs Dimenfions than required by this Ad, or in cafe it (hall appear to fuch Meter, according to the bell of his Judgment, that any Sack or Sacks ufed in loading any fuch Coals do not contain when loaded each the Quantity of Three Bufhels of Coals, or in cafe fuch Meter fhall obferve that any fuch Coals fold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms, (nail not in fad be taken out of fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold or to be fold, or that the whole of the Coals contained in fuch particular Room or Rooms fhall rfot be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Meter to retufe to counterfign the Ticket or Tickets by this Ad direded to be delivered by or on the behalf of all and every Vender or Venders of.

Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof j and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter or other Perfon or Persons, fhall in any manner obftrud, hinder or prevent fuch Meter in or from the Performance of any fuch Duty or Duties fo reouired by this Ad, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold, fent or taken away as and for Pool Meafure from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within

the

Fiading Sacks c>f undue Dimenfions ;

or Coals not duly taken out of Rooms, Ice. Meter may re-fufe counterfign-ing Ticket.

Wharfinger, &e. obftru&ing, Ac. Meter*

Penalty.

Poo] Meafure Cdals when fent by Waggon.

Clkxvui*

56c GEO- 11L

A.D.1811

tbe Limits of this Aft, and to be delivered to the ftirchafer or Pur. chafers thereof, in my Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall, and lx, {he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cade to be delivered, a Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchasers of fuch Coals, c has, her or their Servant or Servants, before i.ny Part of tbe Col* contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage (hall be (hot c delivered therefrom ; and every fuch Ticket or Paper (hall be in tie Words and Form following s

Form of Vender's Ticket to be (tut there* witJt.

Vender, See. not delivering Tic* ket counter, figned by Meter to Purchafer,

See.

4 MR*	infert the Name of tbe Purchafer] Tab &

*	tice, that you are to receive herewith [Here mfert the Nnk]

4 Sacks of [Here infert tbe Name of the] Coats [Here infert the As*

*	ber] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals [Here infer, in 4 Number] Sacks of Coals, [Here infert tbe Name of the] Coals, fc 4 infpefting the Loading and Quality of which Coals you are, r.

4 the Receipt of this Ticket, in Conformity to an A A of Parliaoect

*	made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King Georg tb

*	Third, [ Here Jetforth the Title of this Attl^ to pay the underiigKC f £• F. [Here infert the Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Hot*

4 fert the Amount of the Compenfation direScd by this All to k jb 4 to fuch Principal Meter for the Infpettion of fuch Coals, calakn.

4 the fume as by this A3 arretted] being at and after the Rate of Ok

*	Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat fold to and to be re*

4 ceived by you herewith \ and by the fame A ft this Ticket i>

4 .direfted to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are Ik

*	out of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, and that a Butbel 4 Meafure is in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carnage, by whkl 4 the Carman is direfted to Mealure gratis, under the Penalty oi 4 Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack, which ik 4 Purchafer or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack ista 4 contain Three Buftiels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, tie 4 Height of fuch Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outlik f of the Meafure to be the Extremity of the Bafe of fuch Co®,

4 and that, in cafe of your being diffatisfied with the Coals now fee:,

4 you are entitled by the fame Aft to have the fame reraeafuredby

*	the Bufhel Meafure, provided you immediately, and before wy 4 more of the Coals than One Sack (hall be (hot or delivered free 4 the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fame are brought.

4 fend Notice in Writing of your Delire to have the fame renw*

4 fared to either of the Land Coal Meters* Offices appointed by | 4 virtue of the faid Aft, alfo to the Vender or Venders of fuch Coal:

4 C. D. [Here infert the Name of the Vender]. A. F* [Here itjfi 4 the Nam of the Meter and the Office, and Place the Office is ftuetdy 4 Dated [Here infert the Day oftbe Month, and the Month and Its 4 when fuch Ticket was fgned]

And in cafe fuch Vender or Vendors of or Dealer or Defckri a Coals, (hall not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket ai start-laid, and fo counterfigned by a Meter as afocefaid, to the Purcbafr or Purchafer* of fuch Coals, or to Ins, her or their Servant or Sc* vants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or delivered froa fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with any fuch Coat a aforefaid, then and in every fuoh cafe every fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit tnd pay aj Sum not exceeding Teg Pounds * and in cafe tbo Caraa^ Drim»

P vanity.

56° GEO.IIL

C.tocviK

799

>ther Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden Ctrman, fcc.noc with any fuch Coals as aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket (hall have ^2tct to Pur-been given, by or by the Directions of the Vender or Venders, chtfer.

Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall,

( having firft received the fame from the VendeF or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Perfon by the Order of the Vender or Venders,

Dealer or Dealers) refufe or negle& to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchasers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals (hall be (hot or de-delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon aforefaid fo offending mall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders What Sum of of or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure, Money to b« and fent in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, from any Wharf,

Warehoufe or other Place within the Limits of this Aft, or any Coal# fold by Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure, and delivered by Gang Labour Pool Meafure. from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Coal Meter

(hall be ftationed, fituate within fuch Limits; or the Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, from or over which any fuch Coals (hall be fo fent or taken away (hall, and fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter for the Execution of this Adt, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat fo bought and fent to Fec t0 Principal the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, as and for a Compenfation for Mcter* the Trouble of infpe&ing or fuperintending the loading and fending away fuch Coals, and fuch Money (hall be repaid by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals to the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing Enabling Pur-

herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to hinder or chafers cf Coals prevent any Purchafer or Purchafers of any Coals, fold as and for	Fo°l

Pool Meaiure, from fending fuch Coals to the Premifes of fuch Colhde-** Purchafer or Purchafers, or to any Landing Place which fuch Pur- iiTCred without chafer or Purchafers (hall appoint, (provided fuch Landing Place or the Intervention Premifes be not a Coal Wharf, or Place where any Meter (hall by of a Meter, virtue of this AH be ftationed,) or from having fuch Coals unloaded

and delivered at fuch Premifes or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour or in any other manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention or

Infpe&lon of any Land Coal Meter, and without being fubje& or

liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever

to any Land Coal Meter for or in refpe& of fuch Coals; but in cafe Fee for Atteud-

fuch Landing Place (hall be within the Limits of this A&, and fuch nice of Meter.

Purchafer or Purchafers (hall require the Care or Attendance of a

Land Coal Meter, then he, (he or they (hall have and be entitled to

fuch Attendance, upon fending Notice of fuch his, her or their

Defire to the (aid Principal Land Coal Meter's Office or to the

laid fubordinate Office, and in fuch cafe fuch Purchafer or Pur-

•hafers (hall pay and be charged for the Attendance of fuch Land

Coal Meter, at and after the aforefaid Rate of One Shilling for

every Five Chaldron and One Vat of fuch Coals.

XIX.	And

C. IxxviiL

56* GEO. m.

A.D.HU



Or Labouring Meter refuting t# remeafure.

Penally.

Pordufer ob-ftrudiog Reroea-furemem.

Peaalty.

Carmen to be paid for being

Rate of Payment*

Regulations ante Coals fold by Weight

fafpeAion of Coals.

Fee to Principal Meter for In-fpetiion of

Notice tt afoiefirid, (hall negk& o* refofe, within the fya ( Four Hofuv after the receipt of filch Notice, to fend tLfou Meter, or Meter* to the Houfe, Lodging or other Pmsfeief fk Purchafer or Purehafera accordingly, or if any Laboun^ La Coal Meter or Meter* ftiaH refuTe or negleft to manta k Coals, then and in every fach cafe the Piinbpal or Sohonta Land Coal Meter* or Labouring Land Coal Meter or Ifo* { offending, (hall for every fnch Offence forfeit sad pay ay Sex os exceeding Fife Pounds; and if any fuch Purchafcr or h&fat or any other Perfon or Perfons, (haU prevent, obftrad arjssn^ or attempt to present any fuch Remeafurement being procerded t and made by fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Mettn, fentbytkh Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter, in corieqaaorof jq fuch Notice, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Purchfa or Pa chafers, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fbaB farm fad Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Ponds

XXXIX* Provided always, and: be it further cnafiatTkibn aadias often as anv Cart, Waggon or other: Canute foil he ftopped or detained for the Purpofe or under Pretence of ftatifaigtk Coals, or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of. every fhch Cart Waggon or other Carriage, (hallbe entitled to thoSnmof fln* Shilling* per Hour, for every Hour the Cast flail behdeturi, iad fa in Proportion for any Fra&ion of an Hour, ©itradita the ufoal Cartage of fuch Coala, which Three ShiUjap/erHar feall be paid by the Vender of or Dealer in the M rim fame or auy Part thereof (hall upon the RemetfemeudBri be found deficient in Meafure, or by the Purchafcr of taCfe in cafe the fame (hall not be remealored, or (ball upon fad b meafnrement be found to amount to the Quantity for which fed Coals were fold.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That all Coals which UlbeWJ by Weight, at any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place rife tk Limits of this Act, and to be fent in any Cart, Waggoa or ofe Carriage to the Purchafer or Purchasers thereof, fell be W « weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Wridtecoito of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupoife, and Twnti» Hundred Weight (hall be deemed and taken to be One Ton; * all fuch Coals fo to be fold (hall be weighed and loaded it & Wharf or Warehoufe, or other Place of Safe, in the Prefencc of Or of the Labouring Land Coal Meters to be appointed porfuuttod* A&f and fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter ia hereby ufer and required to fuperintend and infped the weighing wd lo*W* all fuch Coals fo Sold by Weight, in order tint luch fee and be fetisfied that in every fuch Loading the full i Coala ia a&ually given, which (hall be eaprefied ia the Vem** Dealers Ticket* and focb Meter may refufe to ouwterfin* Vender1* or Dealer’s Ticket of any fuch Coals, in cafe (wW AnM not fee that the full and proper Weight (hall be gi^ ing to the Quantity which (hall be eapreffed in fuch Veadfrt Dealer1* Ticket, but fuch Meter (hall, and he iatafbf uounterfign the feme, in cafe the proper Weight (hall be gi*fl**? fog fo fuch Quantity of Coals expreffed in fuch Veodrr't#

' TpdMt and for flick.Infpe&feo of fuch Conk fo W-W

Suit Wpid

A.D.1816.

56° GEO. III.

C. Ixxviii,

801

« fide of the Meafure being the Extremity of the Bafe thereof.

*	C, U. [litre infert the Name of tbe Vender] E• F. [Here infert

*	tbe Name of tbe Labouring Meter in cafe of tbe Coals being fent

*	from within tbe DiftriS of tbe fdid Office^ Dated [Here infert

*	tbe Day of tbe Month, and tbe Month and Tear when fucb Ticket « wasfgned.y

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, Ihall not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coah. ihall be ihot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of or other Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any fuch Coals aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket ihall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, ihall (having fo firft received the fame from the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or any Perfon by the Vender's or Dealer's Orders) refufe or negle& to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Buyer or Buyers of luch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals ihall be ihot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, every fuch Carman, Driver or other Perfon aforefaid, ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place, within the Limits afore-laid, ihall and he is hereby dire&ed to meafure gratis, if he ihall be required fo to do, the Coals contained in any One of the Sacks contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, which may be chofen by the Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Cods, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing on the behalf of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, with fuch Buihel Meafure as aforefaid, in order that fuch Purchafer or Purchafers may be better enabled to judge of the Neceility of having the whole of fuch Coals remeafured in manner dire&ed by this A&.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers by the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, from any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place within the Limits aforefaid, (hall negle& or refufe to meafure by thie faid Buihel Meafure fuch Sack of Coals in manner herein dire&ed, when thereunto required by the Purchafer or Pur-chafers of fuch Coals, or by his, her or their Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, to be meafured, or if any fuch Carman or Driver (hall drive away, or permit or fuffer the faid Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be driven a^ray without meafuring, in manner

56 Gto* ill.	S F	herein

Vender not delivering Ticket,

Penalty.

Carman not delivering Ticket to Purchafer.

Penalty.

Carman required to meafure One Sack, gratis, in each Cart.

Carman driving Coals away without meafuring the Sack.

ClxxviiL

55° GEO. IIL

A.D.M

The (taring up of different Sorts of Coals in a Warehoufe not to be prevented, provided Inch Sorts be kept in different Parcels.

Such Coals not to be fold other-wife than by Wharf Mcafure, and with the Names of each Sort ezprefled in the Ticket.

Pt&aky. Provifions re-fpefting Coal Sheds or Ware-houfes where Coals are fold in Quantities not eiceeding One Half Chaldron.

Provifo for Coals to be fold by the Name of “ Mixed Coals.”

Aft not to prevent Sale of Coala already

Such Coals to be deferibed as Warehoufe Coals.

Fines and Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered before

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That soda* herein contained fhall extend, or be taken or conftrued to extend, £ as to hinder or prevent any fiich Vender or Venders of, or Dolercr Dealers in Coals within the Limits of this Aft, from laying or ftoring up for Sale in any Warehoufe or Repofitory, or other c«-venient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals of as maojSom, Names or Descriptions as he, (he or they (hall refpedmlr think fit, provided fuch different Sorts, Names or Defcriptiooi of Gals be refpeftively laid and kept in fuch Warehoufe or other Rfpofaory in feparate and diftinft Parcels, and wholly unmixed; andpronded no fuch Coals be fold by any other than Wharf Mesfure, or vita the true Name or Names of every or any of luch Sorts of fochCois as (hall be fold and Cent from any fuch Warehoufe or other Repertory being expreffed in the Vender’s Ticket to be fent theirwitli to aay Purchafer or Purchafers, and if any fuch Vender or Yoders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, (hall fell or caufe to be (old byasy other than by Wharf Meafure any Coals out of any fuch Wrcbodcor other Repofitory in which Two or more different Sorts of Coskttj be ftored or depofited, or (hall not infert or caufe to be inserted is the Vender’s or Dealer’s Ticket to be fent with fuch Coals the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of fuch Coils as IW be fent from or out of any fuch Warehoufe, Repofitory or other Pbce, to any Purchafer or Purchafers, then and in every foch ait trtn fuch Vender or Dealer fo offending, (hall, for every Arch Oisce, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pouk XLIV. Provided always, and be it further exuded,Ttaftctbisg herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dnkn is Coals, within the Limits of this Aft, who (hall keep any Shed, Shop or Warehoufe, where Coals (hall be fold in Quantities not grrater than One Half Chaldron, and where no Coals (hall ever be Udh any Quantities exceeding One Half Chaldron, frqmmixiogorimps; up together, or caufing to be mixed or heaped up together is fich Shed, Shop or Warehoufe, any Quantity or Quantities whatform, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Defcriptiooi of CaA as he, (he or they (hall refpeftively think fit, or from fdhag or caufing to be fold, fuch Coals when fo mixed: Provided oewtfe that fuch Coals, when fo mixed, (hall be fold as, for and by the Nik of “ Mixed Coals,” and (hall not be fold in any Quantities exceedkg Half a Chaldron, nor (hall be fold at any other Place than it tk Shop, Shed or Warehoufe, where the fame (hall have been fo mi XLV. Provided alfo, and be it further eoafted, That ootteg herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo«* hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dolsi in Coals within the Limits of this Aft, from felling or canfing to k fold any Mixed Coals whatfoever, which (hall have been mixed t any time before the paffing of this Aft: Provided nevertWffi, tbs fuch Coals (hall be fold as and for, and (hall be defcribedktk Vender’s or Dealer’s Ticket to be fent therewith si and for andbj the Name of M Warehoufe Coals.”

XLVI. And be it further enafted. That all Fines, Peoalties« Forfeitures by this Aft impofed, f the manner of levying and r«o» vering whereof is not qtberwife hereby direfted,) not exceed^ Twenty Pounds, fhall be fued for within One Calendar Uo&ibotf

is

58® GEO. III.

C Ixxviit.

809

Forty Shillings; and in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Ten Bu-fheU in any Five Chaldron and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch cafe fnch Vender or Dealer of fnch Coals (hall forfeit and pay fV>r every fuch Bufliel fo found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five P«why* Pounds, and (hall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchafers thereof; but in cafe any fuch Coals fo re-meafured and found deficient (hall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Meafure, then and in fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of,

Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every Bufliel fo found deficient any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and (hall moreover forfeit all fucn Coals to the intended Purchafer or Purchafers thereof.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further eoaded, That the By whom Ex-Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter to be ap- peace* of Repointed by virtue of this A A, fo remeafuring, (hall be paid the Sum ®«furement of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured by him, and ire to ** * (b in 'Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Chaldron;

and if upon any fuch Remeafurement the whole of the Coals fo re-meafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for Which the whole Of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then and in fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall amount to or exceed One Bufliel, pay the Expences of fuch Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency (hall not amount to One Bufliel, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing CodiYoldhy

herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to require Po°* ^afur* any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure to be meafured by the	gJJjjJj

Bufliel Meafure previoufly to fuch Coals being loaded and fent away unierf ntto* in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage from the Vender’s or Dealer’s of Purchafer. Wharf or Place of Sale, unlefs by the Define of the Purchafer of

any fuch Coals.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all Coals fold, or loaded Coal* fold by to be fold as and for Wharf Meafure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Wharf Meafure Bulhels, at or from any Place or Places withio the Limits of this -

A A, (hall be meafured m the Prefence of One of the faid Labour- Land Coal M«-

ing Coal Meters to be appointed by virtue of this AA, by the Bu- tar.

fhel Meafure heaped up as by this A A is direAed; and the faid

Labouring Coal Meters, and every of them, (hall and may, and they

and he are and is herebv authorized and required to fill up any

Bufliel or Bulhela of any luch Coals as (hall appear to him or them

deficient or wanting in Meafure, out of the Stock of Coals of the

Perfon or Perfons lo vending or contraAing for the Sale of the laid

Coals, or fo loading any fuch Coals for Sale.

XXVII.	And be it further enaAed, That if any fuch Labouring Meters fuffering Coal Meter (hail wittingly or willingly fuffer any Coals exceeding Wharf Meafure Eight Bufheis, which (hall be fold or loaded to be fold as and for CoalV° be fent Wharf Meafure, to be fent from any Wharf, Warehoufe ot other j^ngroetfured. Place within the Limits of his Office, without fuch Coals being

meafured m the manner herein direAed, or (hall not give Information tfwreof to the Principal Land Coal Meter appointed by virtue of flih Aft, or to the faid fubordinate Office, within Four Days next fc ftich Coals (hall have been meafured, then and in every fuch trie fticb Labouring Goal Meter (hall for ever thenceforth be ren-'	9	F	2	dered

Penalty.

Coal Meter's Payment for Wnarf Mealure Coals.

Principal Meter to deliver to Vender, &c. a Ticket.

The Contents of fuch Ticket.

If Purchafer defire to have particular Sacks re-meafured, Proceedings.

In what cafe Metage to be paid to Vender.

C. IxxviiL	56°	GEO.	I1L	A.D.	1816.

dered incapable of a&ing aa a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coale which (hall be fold and delivered, at and for Wharf Meafure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits of this A 61, and fo in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity than a Chaldron, (hall be paid by the Occupier or Oao-piere of the Wharf, Warehoufe or Place from which fuch Coili are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of fuch Coals to the (aid Principal Land Coal Meter for the Execution of this Aft, and thereupon fuch Principal Land Coal Meter is hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every Seller of fuch Coals, or the Carman who (hall cart, lead, drive or carry away the fame, a Piper Writing, or Ticket, figned by the Principal Land Coal Meter, and counterfigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and deliver, ing the fame, in which (hall be contained the Chriftian and Surname or Names of the refpe&ive Seller or Sellers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, and alfo either the Chriftian or Surname or Names of the refpe&ive Seller or Sellers, Vender or Venders, and alfo either the Chriftian or Surname or Names or only the Surname or Names of the Purchafer or Purchasers, Confumer or Confumen of the faid Coals, and the Quantity of fuch Coals, and the Dsyof the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery, and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carman or Perfons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the fame Coals, and alfo (hall contain a Notice to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the hid Coals, that if he, (he or they is or are diftatisfied with the Meafmt thereof, and (hall defire to have all fuch Coals remeafured, fuch Dif-fatisfa&ion muft be expreffed to the Carman, before more tlr.n 0* Sack of fuch Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart or other Carriage conveying the fame; and that if fuch Purchafer or Purchafers (hall he fo diftatisfied, and (hall defire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in fuch Cart, Waggon or other 6r- i riage remeafured, fo as to afeertain the Contents of each or any of l fuch particular Sacks, then that fuch Defire muft be expreffed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals which fuch Purchafer or Purchafers (hall defire to have remeafured, (hall be (hot or on* , loaden from the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the fane (hall he fent; which, faid Ticket, being thus made complete, and Metage paid, (hall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter, counterfigning the fame, withour Delay to the Carman or Per* fon employed to cart, carry, drive or lead the Coals described in fuck Ticket, to the Purchafer or Confumer therein named; which (aid Ticket unaltered, the faid Carman or Perfon therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals in fuch Ticket described, (hall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the refpedi* Confumers or Purchafers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who (hall attend to receive the Coals deferibed in fuch Ticket for the Ufe of fuch Purchafer or Confumer, and thereupon he, k or they is and are hereby required to pay to the Sellernamedin fudt Ticket, the Metage therein Specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning fuch Ticket, (hall after Payment or Tender of tk Metage charged in purfuance of this A&, refufe to deliver (W Ticket as hereinbefore directed to the Carman or PerfQA employed

to

56° GEO. Ill

C.lxxviii.

805

to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals therein defcribed, fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds 5 and if fuch Carman or Peiion Carman refufing employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals defcribed in fuch to deliver Ticket Ticket, (hall, after the fame Ticket (hall have been fo delivered to 10 PurclMrtr* him by the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning the fame, either alter or negled, or refufe to deliver the fame Ticket to the Purchafer or Confumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who (hall attend to receive the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead or drive the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not Penalty, exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Wharfinger or Wharfingers Dealer in Coals (hall directly or indire&ly give or offer, or caufe to giving Bribe* to be given or offered to the Principal or any Labouring Land Coal Meterl*

Meter or Meters any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward

or Gratuity whatfoever over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges and Metage of Coals meafured by the Bu(hel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldron and One Vat of Coals fold by Pool Meafure for the Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Principal or La- Meter* recciv-bouring Land Coal Meter appointed or to be appointed purfuant to ,n* Br,.b€S*0' this A£t, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a falfe or counter- Ticket*18 fcited Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Confumer, Carman or other

Perfon, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Perfon or Perfons

whomfoever, or (hall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender

of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward or Gratuity

whatfoever, over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed

to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals meafured

by the Bu(hel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five

Chaldron and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Meafure, for the

Infpe&ion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of

Coals fold by Weight, or if fuch Principal Land or Labouring Coal Or permitting

Meter (hall willingly permit or fuffer to be made falfe Meafure of faMe Meafure to

any Coals, or (hall deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of made»&c«

Coals, the whc!« of which he (hall have not feen meafured, or fiiall

couaterfign any Vender's or Dealer's Ticket for any Coals, without

having infpe&ed fuch Coals, or without feeing and taking care that

the whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of

any particular Room or Rooms of any Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barge

or other Craft, (hall have been firft completely emptied out of and

loaded from fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold, then, and in

every fuch cafe, every fuch Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and be

rendered incapable of ever ferving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Penalty.

Meter.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Quantity what-	for

foever of Coals exceeding Eight Bethels, fold or to be fold as and

for Wharf Meafure, (hall be fent or driven in any Cart, Waggon or wbaif other Carriage, or carried by Gang Labour from any Wharf, ware- Meafure Coal*.

S	F 3	houfe

80S

C. lxxviiL

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Penalty.

Meter permitting Sacks to be ufed of too (mall Ditqenfions.

Penalty.

Venders of Coals fold as Wharf Meafure, if dif. fat is Bed, may have them remeafured.

Notice by Vender.

Meter to at* tend, &c.

Fee for Remea-furement*

Excels.

Penalty.

Cods fent by Land Carriage to be rentes-

houfe or Place, fituate within thr Limits of this Ad, wiiboat bating been meafured by fuch Bu/hel Meafure as is dire&ed and deferibed by this Ad, or without fuch Meter’s Ticket as aforefaid, fo figued and. counterfigned as aforefaid, having been firffi obtained, or if fuch Ticket as aforefaid (hall not be delivered to the Purchafer <r Purchafers of any fuch Coals, before any Part of fuch Coals at (hot or delivered upon the Piemiles of fuch Purchafer or Purchasers, then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals /hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds*

XXXII. And be it further enaded, That if any Laboarisg Coal Meter to be appointed purfuant to this Ad, (hall ufe, « knowingly permit or fuffer any Sack or Sacks to be made ufe of for the meafuring or carrying of Coals of lefs Dimenfiooi tha fuch Sacks as are direded to be ufed for that Purpofe by tha Ad, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Ad, then asd in every fuch cafe, every fuch Labouring Coal Meter (hall for erey fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII* Provided always, aftd be it further ena&ed, Tbit if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Wharf Meafure (hall be diffatisfied with the Meafurrawt which (hall have been made of any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Ware-houfe or other Place of Sale within the Limits of this Ad, by or under the Infpe&ion of the Labouring Land Coal Meter (btiod or attending at fuch Wharf, Warehouse or other Place, then in every filch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before fuch CoaJi sit lot away from fuch Wharf, Warehoufe or other Place of Sale, to fend, or caufe to be fent, to the Office of the Principal Land Coal Mete for the Execution of this A&, or to the faid fubordinate Office, Notice in Writing fi unifying the Defire of fuch Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have fuch Coals remeafured, and then and in fuch cafe fuch Principal Meter, or One of tbe Labouring Meters of or from fuch Office, not being tbe Meter under wbofe Infpe&ion the faid Coals were originally meafurai, (hall, within the Space of Four Hours next after fuch Notice is Writing left at fuch Office, attend to remeafure the faid Coals, and (hall accordingly remeafure the fame. Sack by Sack, by the Bulbd Meafure, in the Prefence of fuch Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, and for fuch Remeafurement fuch Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the faid Principal Coal Meter the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured, and in cafe it (ball appear upon fuch Remeafurement that the Coals fo remeafured (W . exceed the Quantity for which the fame were fold, then and io fuch cafe if fuch Excem (hall be equal or amount to or exceed Tvo * Bufhels in any Chaldron fo remeafured, the Meter who firft meafuttd fuch Coals (hall for every Bu/hei fo exceeding fuch Quantity x aforefaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings together with all the Expences of fuch Remeafurement*

XXXIV* Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their. Servant or Servants,

(bred, if defired, b* difotpfied with tha Meafure of any C00I4 fold or to k

W*GEO. IIL

C. Ixxviii*

*07

delivered within the Limits of this A&, and fent to him* her or them* bylb* Pur-in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, fliall fignify to the Carman, chtftr. ojr other Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage Hu, her or their Defire to hare tfye Coals contained in fuch Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, or any Part of fuch Coals remeafure*^, then and in every fuch cafe the Carman or Driver of fuch Cart,

Waggon or other Carriage, in which fuch Coals (hall be hrought, ihatfTand he is hereby required to continue and remain at the Houfe,

Judging or other Premifes of the Purchafer or Purchafert of fuch

Coais, with fuch Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage,

until fuch Coals are remeafured j and if any fuch Carman or Driver Carman driving

(hall drive away, or permit or fuller to be driven away, any fuch *y*y befort

Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein rem€t'

ihall be remeafured, without the Confent of the Purchafer or Pqr- .red*

chafers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, then and

in every fuch cafe, fuch Carman or Driver fliall for every fuch

.Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds*	Penalty.

XXXV* And be it further ena&ed. That fuch Purchafer or Purchafert to * Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, fo defiring fuch fend Notice to Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be Meter’s Office, remeafured (hall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required to .feml, or caufe to be fent, to the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or mea fared. Dealers in the faid Coals, or to his, her or their Wharf, Warehoufe or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the faid Coals are to be remeafured, and fuch Purchafer or Purchasers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, lhall, and he, Ihe or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any One of the Offices of the faid Principal Land Coal Meter of his, her or the^r . Defire to have fucb Coals remeafured, and thereupon the Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, (not being the Meter under whole Infpe&ion the faid Coals were originally meafured,)

(ball within the Space of Four Hours next after fuch Notice in Meter tost-Writing, left at either of the faid Offices, attend from fuch Office tend, &c.	.

where Inch Notice lhall be fo left at the Houfe, Lodging or other Fremifes, of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers as (hall be expreffed in luch Notice, for the Purpofe of remeafuring the faid Coals, and (nail accordingly remeafure the feme in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers and Purchafer or Purchafers of the feid Coals, or of his, her or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them (hall attend to fee the lame remeafured ; and in cafe fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, Vender not at-or Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Agent or Servant, tending to fee Agents or Servants, fliall not attend for the Purpofe of feeing fuch £***" Coals fo remeafured, then fuch Meter (hall proceed on the mesuuring j" ’	1

of fuch Coals in his, her or their Abfence, and fuch Meter (haQ, and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchafer qr Purchafers of fuch Coals, to remeafure fuch Coals either by the djiftin& Sacks, fo as to afeertaiu the Contents of each particular , Sack of fuch Coals which fliall remain in fuch Cart, Waggon or qther Carriage, or elfe.to remeafure fuch Coals in fuch manner, and (o as to ascertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in «aU the Sacks taken together; and in cafe the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals mall not either before or immediately upon the Arrival of fuch Meter fi r caufe to be fignified to fuch

tit**

. j . »

808

C. lxxviii.

50" GEO. III.

A.D. 18151

Fee to be paid by Purchafer for Remeafurement.

Deficiency appearing on Re-* meafurement.

Penalty on Vender.

If Coals fold for Wharf Meafure. Penalty.

Penalty on Labouring Meter.

Penalty ou Coal Porters.

When Deficiency, and Coals fold as for Pool Meafure. Penalty on Vender.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Meter his or their Option or Defire as to which of the (aid Two Ways he or they would wifh fuch Remeafurement to be taken or made in, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Meter (hall proceed to remeafure fuch Coals in fuch manner, and fo as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, and for fuch Remeafurement fuch Purchafer or Purchafen (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Coal Meters, of and from the Office to which Notice (hall have been fent as aforefaid. Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured; and in cafe, upon the Remeafurement of any foeh Coals which (hall be fo remeafured as to afeertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it (hall appear to the Meter fo ir-meafuring the fame, that any Sack or Sacks of fuch Coals (hall not contain Three Bufiiels, then and in every fuch cafe the Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall for every Sack of Coals that (hall be fo found deficient on fuch Remeafurement forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and in cafe, npoa the Remeafurement of any fuch Coals as aforefaid, which (hall be remeafured in fuch manner as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the fame (hall have been fent taken together, it (hall appear to fuch Meter as aforefaid that the Coals thus remeafured do not amount, to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if fuch laft mentioned Coals (hall have been fold as and for Wharf Meafure, the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every Bufhel of Coals found deficient any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and alfo forfeit every Chaldron of Coals fo found deficient or wanting in Meafure to and for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Coals (hall be fo remeafured, and the Labouring Meter under whofe Infpeftion the Coals were fir ft meafured (hall for every Bu(hel fo deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings ; and the Coal Porters who (hall have firft meafured foeh Coals For the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers thereof, (hill for every Bufhel of Coals fo wanting forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any fuch Coals fo remeafured in the manner laft mentioned, and fo found to amount to lefs than the Quantity for which the fame were fold, (hall have been fold as and for Pool Meafure, then the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Four Bu(hels and not exceed Ten Buftiels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every Bufhel of Coals fo found deficient in every fuch Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldron and One Vat to rrtneafured, then and in fuch cafe fuch Vender or Venders of, Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Bu(hel fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Coals fo fold and fent (hall be remeafured fo as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of fuch Coals (hall have been (not or delivered from filch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage into or upon the Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafen, anything hereinbefore contained to tha contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI. Aad

56- GEO. III.

C IxxviiL

m

XXXVI. And be it farther enafted. That if upon fuch Re. meafurement of any Coals fold and lent as and for Pool Meafure by any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and which Remeafurement fhall hare been made in fuch manner as to afcertain the whole

Suantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together, e Coals fo remeafured fhall be found to be lefs or more than at the Rate of Three Bufhels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks fpecified in the Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of fuch Coals, then the Meter who counterfiened fuch Vender's or Dealer's Ticket of fuch Coals fhall, in cafe fuch Deficiency or Excefs fhall exceed Four Bufhels in any Fire Chaldron and One Vat of fuch Coals fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every fuch Bufhel fo exceeding or fa deficient in every fuch Five Chaldron and One Vat any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That if upon any fuch Remeafurement, which fhall be fo made fo as to afcertain the whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks fent taken together, of any fuch Coals fold and fent as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, the whole of fuch Coals fo remeafured fhall be found lefs than the Quantity for which the whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of. Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, in cafe foch Deficiency fhall amount to or exceed One Bufhel, repay to the Purchafer or Purchasers of fuch Coals the Expences of iuca Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency fhall not amount to One Bufhel, then fuch Expences fhall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals ; and if upon any fuch Remeafurement, which fhall be made fo as to afcertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks fent, of any Coals fold as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, it fhall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of fuch Coals fold and fent to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, do not contain the

Suantity of Three Bufhels each refpeAively, then the Vender or endere of. Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals fhall repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences ot the Remeafurement thereof; but if the Number of fuch particular Sacks fo found deficient (hall not amount to One Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of fuch Coals fo fold and fent, then and in fuch cafe fuch Expences fhall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if after any fuch Notice as by this A A direAed fhall have been given by or on the behalf of any Purchafer or Purchafers, at either of the faid Principal or Subordinate Offices, requiring the Attendance of anj Meter from either of fuch Offices, for the Purpofe of remea-furing any Coals, fold either for Wharf or Pool Meafure, then and in every fuch cafe a Meter or Meters (hall be required to attend from the faid Office, for the Purpofe of making the Remeafurement, and fuch refpeAive Labouring Meter or Labouring Meters fhall* Und is, and are hereby required and authorized to remeafurr any fuch Coals which he or they fhall be fo fent to re meafure, whether the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals fhall or not be defirous of

3 fuch Remeafurement proceeded .in, any thing therein con-to the contrary notwithftanding; and if any Fuch Principal or Subordinate Land Coal Meter* after having received any_ fuch

In cafe Coala fol4 for Pool Meafure proving deficient on Remeafuremeau

Penalty om Meter.

By whom Ex* pencea of Rome afurement tie to be peid.

Principal Meters not fending a Labouring Meter to nea-fure Coals.,

C. Ixxviii.

5<3° GEO. III.

AJD.1816.

C0A1.

Appeal.

Final.

Certiorari,

Summoning

Witnefles.

Not attending.

Penalty.

Such Petfims may be appre. headed,

and examined on Oath.

Refufittg to be fa or n, &c.

Imprifonment.

Perjury.

Penaltiet above soL how to be recovered.

fuel Appeal, and may either confirm or quafh and amend the bid Convi&ion, and award fach Cofts to either Party as to them the (aid Juftices (hall feem juft and reafonable, and the Dedfion of the had Juftices therein fhall be final, binding and cunclufrve; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of this Ad fhall be qoa&ed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed bv Ccitierari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His liyeir'f Courts of Record at Weftminfler, or elfewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

'XLIX. And be it further enaAed, That it fhall and may V lawful to and for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any fuch Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures (hall be foed for, to fummon before him or them any Perfon or Perfons who fhall ia or by die Complaint or Information made to him or them appear to be s rtecefiary Witnefs as to the matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a time and Place to be fpecified in the Siumm^ ud in cafe fuch Perfon To fummoned fhall not appear according tsfodb Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of fuch SonuaoM is manner aforefaid, fuch Perfon fo fummoned and not appearing in Compliance therewith, fhall forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner and by filch Ways and Means as is hereinbefore direAed as toother Penalties; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftkc or Juftices ta caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended by Warrant, under the Bud md Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, andtobebragfct before him or them, and thereupon, whether fuch Perfon hoInn Upon Summons at aforefaid, or fhall be apprehended as afocehti,fack Juftice or Juftices fhall and may proceed to examine him or her spoc Oath as to the matter of fuch Complaint or Information; and is csfe fuch Perfon fhall refufe to be fwom or to anfwer, or to give Eridevct therein, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may beuwfu!toed for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon fo refilling to befirora,

Or to anfwer or to give Evidence as aforefaid, to the Common Gad or Houfe of CorreAion of the County or Place in or for which fuck Juftice or Juftices fhall then aA, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon or Frirfonsspai hi8, her or their Examination upon Oath, before any Juftice or Jaibces df the Peace, aAing in Execution of this Ad, fhall wilfully sod corruptly give falfe Evidence touching any matter or thing rehtioe to this AA, or if any Perfon or Persons mall take or make any W& Oath or Affidavit, with refpeA to any matter or thing relating to AA, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly conviAed thereof, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeA and liable to fuch Pra j and Penalties as by any Law in Force and EfieA, Perfons geftty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are fubjeA and liable to.

LI. And be it further enaAed, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this AA inyafcA for any Offence or Offences committed againft this A A, (baft mi may be recovered by AAion of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Inform***, in any of His Majefty'e Courts of Record at Wejbah$*r% wbertfc , no 'Effoign, ProteAion, Wager of Law or any more Ate One Imparlance fhall be allowed by tie Perfon or Perfons who ftaB inform

ad

I

56°GEO. IlL	C.lxxviiL	SU

thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupier* of the Whadb Warehouse or other Place from whence fuch Coals {hall be feat, to the Principal Land Coal Meter, Sixpence for every Ton °f Coals fo weighed under the Meter’s Infpe&ion, and fo in Proportion for aoy greater or lefs Quantity than One Ton, and fuch Sum of Mopey (hall he repaid to fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers by the Purchafef or Purchafers of fuch Coals*

XLL And be it further ena&ed, That the Vender or Venders of Vender’* Ticket or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals fo fold by Weight within the bf *,tb Limits of this Ad, {hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the	y

Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or to his, her qr their Servant or 8 Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart* Waggon or other Carriage in which fuch Coals {hall be fent, and before any of fuch Coals {hall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in Form< following; (,th# is to fay),

* Mr. A. B. [Here infert the Name of the Buyer."]	Form.	1

« TTAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [Here infert

*	the Number] Tons [Here infert the Name of the] Coals, for € infpe&ing which Coals you are, in conformity to an Ad of Par-

*	liament made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King George « the Third, [Here fet forth the Title of this A8] to repay me the

*	underfigned [Here infert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of [Here

*	infert the Amount of the InfteBion Charge] being at and after the « Rate of Sixpence For every Ton of Coals fold to and to be received

*	by you herewith.’	f

( Signed)	C. D. [Here infert the Name of the Seller.]

(Counterfigned)	E. F. [Here infert the Name of the Meter.J

And in cafe fuch Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, do not Vender not d*. deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch Ticket as. afomfaid, and £o liveringTicket counterfigned' by a Meter as aforefaid,. to the Purohafeiior Purchafers 10 Parcb»Ter. of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their Servant or Servants before any	.	>

*Part of fuch Coals are unloaden, every fuch Vender, or Dealer fhall .for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding-Twenty Penalty. Pounds ; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of, or other Perfon attend- C*n!Mn ing any itich Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, laden with any fuph Coals to whom any fuen Ticket fhall have been given by or oy the urc a Orders of the Vender or Dealer,'in order to.be delivered to the Pur? chafer, {hall (having fo firit received the fame from the Vendor,

Dealer or any Perfon by the Dire&ion of the Vender or. Dealeik) xefufe or neglect to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her or their	Servant or Servants,

before aiiy Part of fuch Coals (hall be unloaded,	fuch Carman, Driver

of other Perfon fo offeudiog, {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and Penalty, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XL11. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Goals Coils to be fold whatfoever fold within the Limits of this Ad, fave and except only either by Weight fuch Coals as (hall be fold by Weight in manner aforefaid, mall be	Ch^-

. fold either by the Chaldron, fuch Chaldron to	confift of Thirty fix n or	u 1

of fuch Bufhels fo heaped up as aforefaid* or elfe by fuch Bufhelas aforefaid, or by the Half Bufiiel, Peck mr Half Peck, provided fuch fmaller Meafure fhall be fame Aliquot Part of fuch Buihel Meaiqpe, any thing, herein contained to the contrary nafcwrithftand^y^

Notice.

Treble Colts.

ASt not to liter or repeal 47 G. 3. Seff. 2. c. tarlii.

Commencement •f A a.

Public Ad.

35G.j-c.136.

continued.

10 G.3. c. 100. 33 0.3. c. 138. 54 G. 3. c. 00. continued.

33 0.2* c. 35*

29 G. 3. c. 21. repealed.

C. lxxriii—lxtxi.	GEO. III. AJX.1MS.	1|

(hall arife; and if any fuch Adion or Suit (ball be brought before I Twenty one Days’ Notice (hall have been given, or after a faficv-t ' Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the time linked for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Pfamti£ or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited or difcontinue his, her or their Adics or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Pbnrtff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Co ft a, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit, in other cafes by Lav*.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, alter or vary any Part or Parts of the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majrftj, but that the laid Ad, and all the Powers, Provifions, Claufes, Pfea&kks and Forfeitures therein contained, (hall be as good, valid aadrlcdwl, to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had not been made.

LVII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall commence and take place from and after the palling thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adf and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being (pcdaffy pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Ad of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefist Majefty, for repairing the Road from Horfelj Upright Gakt, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts* to the Top of Kingjdown Hill, in the Parifh of Box* in the faid County, aad feveral other Roads near or adjoining thefeto. (a)

[26th June iSi&j

Additional Truflees.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powm of feveral Ads of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, tor repairing tie Highways from Speenbamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the Speenbamland Dili rid of tbe (ad Roads, (a)	[26th	Juju	1816.]

[Additional TruJUes• Former Tolls to cea/e, new Tolls granted*]

Cap. Ixxxi.

An Ad for the more effedual Security and Improvement of tbe Harbour of Now Sborebam, in the County of Suffex.

[I ft July 1816.]

Caf*

). 1816*

66° GEO. III.	C. Ixxxii-Jxxxiv.

817

Cap. lxxxii.

Aft to amend an A6f pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the 34G«3.

Leign of His prcfent Majefty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching '•d***1'-nd otherwise improving the fcveral Streets and other Public laces upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parifh of 'amt Patter as, in the County of Middlefex.	[ift July 1816.]

Cap. Ixxxiii.

Aft for improving the Road from the City of Glafgonu to the ^ity of Carli/le. (b)	[ift July 1816.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

i A A for erefting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court Chancery.	[2d July 1816.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Aft made and pafTed 53 G.3.c-*4-in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to facilitate the Adminiflration of Jujliee,' ind of the feveral Afts therein mentioned or referred to, and by virtue of divers Orders of the High Court of Chancery made for chat Purpofe, in purfuance of the (aid feveral Afts, divers Sums of Money have been from time to time taken out of the common and general Ca(h belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and fuch Government and Parliamentary Securities have been carried to an Account, intituled ‘ Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,* and the Intereft and Dividends arifing therefrom have in like manner been laid out and carried to an Account, intituled 4 Account of Securities pur* chafed with Surplus Intereft arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery :* And Whereas under and by virtue of the above recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, Sir Thomas Plamer,

Knight, hath been duly appointed Vice Chancellor of England, and hath hitherto held his Sittings, out of Term, as fuch Vice Chancellor, in the Council Chamber of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlcfex ; but the fame is not a convenient or proper Place for that Purpofe, and fuch Ufc and Occupation thereof is very Inconvenient to the faid Society ; and ‘ it would be of advantage aud an Accommodation to the Public if ‘ a proper and convenient Court for the faid Vice Chancellor, with 1 or without a proper Communication between the faid Court and ‘ Lincoln's Inn Hall, was erefted and built for holding the Sittings of 4 the (aid Court, and for the Accommodation of the Suitors thereof:

* And Whereas the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn have Society of Lirv-* confented and agreed to grant a Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground coin’* Innhu 4 at the Weft EiXd of and adjoining the Council Chamber of the granted a Piers 4 laid Society, for the Purpofe of Building fuch new Court thereon, ^illlri- # ^ 4 on condition that the Fee Simple of fuch Piece of Land or Ground,' Court *

4 and all Buildings to. be erefted and built thereon,(haU be and 56Gso. III.	SG	4	remain

818

C. Uuutiv.

S«*GEO.HU

AJXlWi

Sheriff to im-pannel a Jury to a fiefs the Pur-cbafe Money to he paid for the Premiles herein mentioned.

4 remain for ever veiled in the (aid Society, in Truft for theUfe aad 4 Accommodation of the faid Court, of Chancery, and to and for no

*	other Ufe, Intent or Purpofe whatsoever: And Whereas Mdtrt 4 Greenbill Ruffell of Lincoln'* Inn aforefajd, Efquire,i* entitled In *& '* Eftate for his own Life, with the Power of affigniiig the hue

4 upon the Terms and according to the Rule* and Regalatm of

*	the ftid Society, of apd in a certain Syt of Chymbfsnom At 4 faid Council Chamber of the faid Society, and certain Row or

*	Chambers over the fame ; and the faid Society are entitled ta the

*	Reverfion and Inheritance thereof, CabjeA to fuch Eftate adla-

*	tereft of the faid Robert GreenbiU RuffeU therein^ audit wfi he 4 proper that fuch Chambers and Rooms fhould be defiveved np to 4 the faid Society; and that proper Compensation {hould be nade to 4 the faid Robert Greenhill RuffeU fbr bn Eftate and Intereft therno, 4 and for the Loft and Inconvenience, he w9 be put to bybrisg 4 obliged immediately to remove therefrom, and to gnu up the 4 Pefieffion thereof to the faid Society $ and it isjuufooeHrJtbai the 4 faid Society (hould be ram bur fed all Obliges, and Expeaces which 4 they have or may be put to for Plans and Eftkmttes for the dvM-4 ings for the faid Court, and in the necefevry AJtcnuiuos uf thnr

*	fair! Pniinril PlianaKpr. or ntllArnriG>. in rnnfrnnrirr A—mf;1

Witneflet to be fumoooed.

laid Council Chamber, or otherwifc,

May it therefore pjeafe Your Maiefty, that it mar be «Ad ; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft ExcdLfon* Majrfty, by aad noth the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal aad Common*, ia this prefen t Parliament affemWed* and bytheAflthonty of the famq, That the Sheriff of the. County of ABddlefno Mlforthwith, and he is hereby empowered and required to impair!, Smugo apd return not lefs than Twelve nor more than Twenty foot £db-ftantial and indifferent Pcrfons of his Bailiwick, qualified to fern qo Juries; and the Perfbns fo, to be impanneffed, frowned and r-turned as affirefaid are hereby required to cro rodappou briar the faid Sheriff at his Office in Bedford Row* in Ur fbxrikuf A»f Andrew, Holborn, in the laid County* at fuch time as (haliteJf*-eified in fuch Warrant, and to attend the laid Sheriflor his {kpoty at the.faid Placeuntil discharged by the faid Sheriff on his Deputy; and out of fu*h Penfops ffi to be impanneUed, famnwdLand *-turned** a Jury of Twelve Man ffia}! be drawn by the laid Sheriff* hiu Demnty, in Xugh manner us Julies for Trials of. Has jorodj* Hi* Majefty/s Qoprts at Weftmiifkr**# by Law to be dram; aad in cafe a fufficien* Numbered Jurymen (hall nqt appear at the dor and Place appointed as .afque^pd* the laid Sheriff or.kuu Deputy Aafl return, other honeft and indifferent Me*,of the Bye Studs* ore! others, who can be fpaedily procured to attend that Service, being is qualified as aforefatd* to nsnkfe up the(faid Joey to tbebNnxnter of Twelve, and aU Parties, copom^A my have theirfluv*fisl Cbttny agpinft any of the laid Jurymyn, but IhattiUOt jcbaUouro. the Any; and the faid Sheriff or his Deputy-is hereby einpgwrwwd uuquml to fummon and cull before him any Witmelfes tcnchmg-t.hu wtmk queftiou, apd if he lhaU,thinfefit*xHlfo:G«C^ thereto required, order and authorise the faid^Jvry# ofi jny Tuaflf more of theip, to view the Piece or. PlUOOS^ miliars iDcvihiros s controvevfy, and. fuch Jury ffiaU upgn.rtl^X)cfri^idhidbCw»a» well as the Oaths to fuch	the,	Sheriffs hia fhiwrij

hereby empowered a#d *equi*ed to adminitor) taqfptniaft

A.t). 181&	56* GEO, III	C. horviu.	wi&

andfpe for the fame within Three Calendar Moritb* after tbe Offrart1 or Offences fhall be committed, and One Moiety of all fuch Fines,

Penalties or Forfeitures ihaU be to and for tbe Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Treble Cofts of Suit) fhall be to and for the Ufe of the rerfon or ’Perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame.

LII. And be it further enaded, That when any Diftrefs IhaU be Dttrcfr aot unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue-of this	wtat

Ad, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor fhall the °*Fonn*

Patty or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Tref-paffers, on account of any Defed or Want of Form in the Sum* mons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by luch Irregularity, fhall and may recover full Satisfadion for the Special Damage fuftained in an Adion on the Cafe.

LIII. And, for the more.eafy and fpeedy Conridion of Offenders Form of On* again ft this Ad, be it further enaded, That every Juftice of the vtftioo.

.Peace before whom any Perfon fhall be convided of any Offence agamft this Ad, fhall and may caufe the Convidion to be drawn up according to the following Form ; videlicet,

4 JftE it remembered, That on the	Day of

•	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

•	A. B. is convided before me,	One	of His

4 Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the

4 \Here Specifying the Offence, and tbe Time and Place when and 4 where committed, at tbe cafe may be] contrary to an Adt of Par*

4 {lament made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of King George 4 the Third, intituled [Here infert the Title of this Ad}. Given

•	under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year fir ft above written.*

LIV. And be it further enaded. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Plaintiff not to (hall recover in any Adion to be commenced againft any Perfon or recover afar Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before fuch Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fjpecifying the Caufe of fuch Attion ; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, at any time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court luch Sum of Money as he, fhe or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order and Judgment (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Adion Limitation of or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any A&knu. thing done in purfuance of this Ad after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the faid County where the Caufe of Adion

fhall

820

C. lxxxiv.

56° geo. nr.

A.D.1816.

Courts, &c. to be veiled in the Society of Lin* cob's Inn, in Trait

Bxpences

Aft.'

of the

If Suitors* Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the faid High Coart of Chancery, and aKo to the Trnfiatr of the faid Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufa and ob the Account of the faid Society, fuch Sum or Soma of Money m they (hall prove to the Satisfaction of the faid Court to have bees paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftfamtes far the laid Court, and in toe Alterations in their faid CouncS Chamber, ueceffary and confequent to fuch intended new Building or other wife, in relation thereto; and alfo fuch Sum or Sums of Money, tad at fuch time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brians, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for theCoftodyof the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, (hall in his and tbdr Difcretion deem neceffary, and not exceeding the Sum of Mae thoe* fand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the End Coart, j in ereCting, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Juitice in Lincoln’s Inn aforefaid, for the faid Vice ChnaoeBor of i England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the faid Society, wherem I the Bufinefs of the faid Court may be tranfaded and carried os; and in filing up the faid Court with proper Furniture, Nccdaries and Conveniencies, and for tranfaCting the Bufinefs thereof; and alfo fuch further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grab, over and above the faid Sum of Nine thoufand Pounds, as (haD beaeceBarr for keeping the fame in Repair, and for infuring and keeping the fame infured from Lof9 or Damage by Fire, at fuch Infaraocr Offer or Offices, and in fuch manner, and in fuch Name or Name* and for fuch Sum or Sums, as the faid Court (hall from time to time order and dire d.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the bid Court* aad tin Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, (hall continue n£ed *m the Truftees for the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln’s Inn, and then SucceiTors, for ever, in Truft neverthelefs for the Ufe of the hid Court; and that the fame (hall be ufed for the public Porpofcs br this Ad direded in refped of the fame, and to or for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, except that in cafe at any thne hereafter the fame (hall ceafe to be ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, then dr fame (hall revert to and become the abfolute Property of the fad Society.

V.	And be it further enaded, That out of the Intereft and Dwi-den da of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities, porckafed ; and to be purchafed as aforefaid, Handing in the Name of the Ac- I countant General of the faid Court, to the feveral Accounts heron- 1 before mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred m procuring aud paffing this Ad, and the Cods, Charges and Expose** of all Proceedings had or to be had in confequence thereof, (U1 be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, Thai if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be bid out and expended in purfuance of this Ad (hall be wanted to aofver any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, or by virtue of 1 any Order or Orders made or to be made under the Authority df

icy

3. 181

56° GEO. HI. C. Ixxxiv—Ixxxvii.

821

CucK AA or A6to heretofore pafled, and the Stocks and Funds Cafli then ftanding in the Name of the Accountant General of faid Court, to the feveral Accounts before mentioned or. either hem, (hall not be fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the fame, that fame Money taken from the faid Fund for the Purpofes and virtue of this Ad, (hall be and be confidered a Debt due from * Public, and (hall be anfwered and made good by Parliament ordingly.

/II- And be it further ena&ed. That this Ad (hall be deemed I taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially aded.

Cap. lxxxv.

n A6t for alteriug and amending an Ad made in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parifli of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parifh of Limeboufe.	[2d July	1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

in Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of feveral Ads pafled in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b)

[2d July 1816. j

Cap. Ixxxvii.

\n Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.	[2d July 1816.]

WHERE AS. an Ad was pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled yin Ad for granting 4 certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by 4 Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for 4 making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, 4 and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Ajphaltum, Ammoniacal 4 Liquor and EJfential Oilfrom Coal, and for the Purpofes relating 4 thereto: And Whereas His Majefty, by his Royal Charter bearing • Date the Thirtieth Day of April One tboufand eight hundred ana ( twelve, did incorporate the faid Company in purfuance of and fub-1 jed to the Provisions of the faid Ad, by the faid Name of The Gas 4 Light and Coke Company : And Whereas an Ad was pafled in the 4 Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 4 An AS for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefly,

4 for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and 4 Coke Company : And Whereas the faid Company have proceeded 4 in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the faid recited ( Ads and the faid Charter, and have eftablifhed large and extenfive 4 Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a conftderable Part * of the Cities of London and Weflminflcr : And Whereas the Inha* 4 bitants of various Parts of the laid Cities are deflrous to be fupplied 4 with Gas for their private Ufe, and have made Application jjo the 4 faid Company to extend their Works for that Purpofi^y And 1 Whereas, in ordefr to enable the faid Company to incpgSle their

3 G 3	*4 Works,

Public AA.

52 G.3. C.CXCV.

3?G. 3. c.19. (10

39 G. 3. c.46.

50 G- 3. c. cliiii.

Charter, 30th April 181a.

54 G. 3. c. cxvi.

C. Ixxxiv.

56° geo. nr.

A. D. 1818.

Courts, &c. to be vefted in the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in Trait

Bxpences of the Ad.~

If Suitors' Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the faid High Court of Chancery, and alfo to the Treafiatrof the faid Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufc ad a ' the Account of the faid Society, fuch Sura or Sums of Moaey as they (hall prove to the Satisfaction of the faid Court to have been paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftinata for the 1 faid ‘Court, and in the Alterations in their Cud Conned Chamber, uecefTary and confequent to fuch intended new Building or cgfaervik, in relation thereto; and alfo fuch Sum or Suras of Money, ad at fuch time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britan, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for theCaftodydike Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, (hall in his and their Difcretion deem neceffary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nae thus-fand Pounds, to be applied under the Dire&ion of the End Court, in ereding, building and completing a proper and conveniest Court of Juftice in Lincoln’/ Inn aforefaid, for the faid Vice Quncdfer of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the faid Society, wherein the Bufinefs of the faid Court may be t ran faded and earned on; and in filing up the faid Court with proper Furniture, Necdbnes and Conveniences, and for tranfading the Bufinefs thereof; and alio fuch further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grab, o?er and above the faid Sum of Nine thoufand Pounds, as fhaDbenece&y for keeping the fame in Repair, and for infuring and keeping the fame infured from Lofs or Damage by Fire, at fuch Infuraoce Office or Offices, and in fuch manner, and in fuch Name or Nine* md for fuch Sum or Sums, as the faid Court (hall from time to date order and dired.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the (aid Court, aid the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, (hall continue veiled in the Truftees for the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln’s /as, and their SuccefTors, for ever, in Truft neverthelefs for the Ufe of the Cad Court; and that the fame (hall be ufed for the public Purpofa bj this Ad direded in refped of the fame, and to or for no other Uk or Purpofe whatfoever, except that in cafe at any time hereafter 1he fame (hall ceafe to be ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, then the fame (hall revert to and become the abfolute Property of the bid Society.

V.	And be it further enaded, That out of the Iutereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities, pnrdafcd and to be purchafed as aforefaid, (landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, to the feveral Accounts herek-before mentioned, or either of them, the Expences incurred b procuring and paffing this Ad, and the Cofts, Charges and Expenoes of all Proceedings had or to be had in confequence thereof, (ball be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared. That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be bid out and expended in purfuance of this Ad (hall be wanted to anfwcr atiy of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the.Authorky of

-	-	any

X>. 1816.

56* GEO. III.	C. lxxxiv-r-lxxxvii.

r fuch AA or Ads heretofore patted, and the Stocks and Funds I Ca(h then ftanding in the Name of the Accountant General of * Faid Court, to the federal Accounts before mentioned or. either them, Audi not be fuf&cient to anfwer and fati&fy the fame, that : fame Money taken from the faid Fund for the Purpofes and virtue of this Ad, (hall be and be confidered a Debt due from *

: Public, and (hall be anfwered and made good by Parliament cordingly.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Aft. d taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of fuch by all Judges, Jufticcs and others, without being fpecially eaded.

Cap. lxxxv.

n Ad for altering and amending an Ad made in the Fifty fecond 52 G.3 c.cxcv. Year of His prefent Majefty, for making a Canal from the Grand Jundion Canal in the Parifti of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Pari(h of Limehoufe.	[2d July	1816.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

kn Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of feveral Ads paffed in 370.3.0.19. the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads PO leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha. (b)	39 G. 3. c.46.

[2d July 1816.J

Cap. lxxxvii.

\n Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.	[2d July 1816.]

WHERE AS. an Ad was patted in the Fiftieth Year of the co G. 3. cclitii. Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled yin Ad for granting ‘ cer tain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by 4 Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company, for 4 making inflammable Air, for lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis,

‘ and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Afphaltum, Ammoniaccd 4 Liquor and EJfential Oilfrom Coal, and for the Purpofes relating 4 thereto: And Whereas His Majefty, by his Royal Charter bearing Charter, 30th * Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and April 1811.

* twelve, did incorporate the faid Company in purfuance of and fub-‘ jed to the Provifions of the faid Ad, by the faid Name of The Gas 1 Light and Coke Company : And Whereas an Ad was pafTed in the .

* Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 54 g. 3. c.cxvu * An AS for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majejly,

* for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and c Coke Company : And Whereas the faid Company have proceeded 4 in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the faid recited 4 Ads and the faid Charter, and have eftablifhed large and extenfive 4 Works, and have afforded a Supply of Gas to a confiderable Part 4 of the Cities of London and Wejlminfer : And Whereas the Inha*

4 bitants of various Parts of the (aid Cities are defirous to be fupplied 4 with Gas for their private Ufe, and have made Application^ the 4 faid Company to extend their Works for that PurpoAnd 1 Whereas, in order to enable the faid Company to incigale their

3 G 3	'4	Works,

C. lxxxiv.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1816.

Courts, &c. to be «dted in the Society of Lincoln*! Inn, in TrufL

Bxpences of the Ad.'

If Suitors* Money be wanted, the Money taken to become a Debt due from the Public.

by the faid High Court of Chancery, and alfo to the Trwliuerof the faid Honourable Society for the time being, for the Ufe and os the Account of the faid Society, fuch Sum or Sums of Money a they /hall prove to the Satisfaction of the faid Court to hate ben paid, laid out or expended by them for Plans or Eftimates for the faid Court, and in the Alterations in their faid Council Chamber, wecefTary and confequent to fuch intended new Building or otherwise, in relation thereto; and alfo fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and it fuch time or times, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britw, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, (hall in his and tiff Difcretion deem neceffary, and not exceeding the Sum of Nine thro-fand Pounds, to be applied under the Dire&ion of the find Court, in ere&ing, building and completing a proper and convenient Court of Juitice in Lincoln*t Inn aforefaid, for the faid Vice Chancellor of England, upon a Plan to be approved of by the faid Society, wherein the Bufinefs of the faid Court may be tranfa&ed aud carried od; and in fiting up the faid Court with proper Furniture, Neccffarin and Conveniences, and for tranfa&ing the Bufinefs thereof; and alfo fuch further Sum or Sums of Money, either yearly or in grofs, over and above the faid Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, as (hall be necefhry for keeping the fame in Repair, and for infuring and keeping the fame infured from Lofs or Damage by Fire, at fuch Infurance Office or Offices, and in fuch manner, and in fuch Name or Names, aod for fuch Sum or Sums, as the faid Court (hall from time to time order and dire&.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Court, and the Rooms and Cellars thereunto belonging, (hall continue veiled in the Truftees for the faid Honourable Society of Lincoln*t Innt and their Succeffors, for ever, in Truft nevertheless for the Ufe of the faid Court; and that the fame (hall be ufed for the public Purpofe bj this A61 dire&ed in refpeft of the fame, and to or for no other lTle qr Purpofe whatfoever, except that in cafe at any time hereafter the fame fhall ceafe to be ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, then the fame fhall revert to and become the abfolute Property of the faid Society.

V.	And be it' further enafted, That out of the Interefl and Dm* dends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities, pnrdufed and to be purchafed as aforefaid, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, to the Several Accounts hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, the Expcncet incurred in procuring aud paffing this A6t, and the Cofts, Charges and Expeocn of all Proceedings had or to be had in confequence thereof, fhall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enflad, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena6ted and declared, That if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be hid out and expended in purfuance of this Aft fhall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, or any Salaries, Payments or Sums of Money payable or ordered or granted, or to become payable or ordered or granted, under or by virtue of any former A6b or A 6b of Parliament, or by virtue of any Order or Orders made or to be made under the^uthority

-	-	-	SOT

D. 181ft.

GEO. ML

C.hnncvii.



fc>ns, Reftri&fons, Penalties and Forfeiture* as in and by the feid Hted Ad«» or either of them, are expreffed and contained of and deeming the Shares created by virtue thereof, and now veiled in b feveral aad refpeftive Proprietors of and in the faid Underking ; lind the Admitfion of all and every Perfon and Perfons to tj finch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Refolution of the id Company, or their Court of Directors, fhall be and be deemed > he a good and effectual Title to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and his, )* or their refpeftive Executor!, Adminiftrators or Afligns, on b» her or their paying to tlie faid Company, or their Tceaforer or IVeafarera for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required t> be paid for fuch Share! refpeftively, within the time limited in aeh Order or Refolution for that Purpofe: Provided always that 10 Perfon (hall be entitled to vote at any General ot Special Meeting rf the faid Company, in refpeft of any Shares created by virtue of his Aft, until he or (he fhall have been pofletied thereof for the Space rf Three Calendar Months.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That when any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking (hall be the Property of more than one Perfon, the Owner or Proprietor whofe Name (hall have been ehtered firft m Order in the Books of the faid Company, (hall for all the Purpofes of the laid Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or Shares; and all Notices required by the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or cither of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares m the faid Company, (hall and may be giten to or ferved npon fuch Perfon whofe Name (hall To ftand firft in Order in the Books of the (aid Company ; and fuch Service npon fuch Perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Ownero or Proprietor! of fuch Share or Shares, for all the Purpofes for which fudi Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the faid recked Afts and this Aft, or either of them.

V.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, any Proprietor of Two or more Shares in the faid Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in refpeft of fuch Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the faid Company, (hall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at fuch General or Special Meetings as aforefaid, either in Perfon or by Proxy, every fuch Proxy being a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking ! Provided neverthelefs, that nb Perfon (hall deliver in Proxies for mote than Ten Proprietors* ahd the Appointment of fuch Proxies may be made hi the Form following 5 +ideJ$ett9

4 T rf* B. of	one	of	the	Proprietors

*	of and in the Ga$ Light and Coke Company do hereby no.

4 mlnate, conftitute and appoint C. D. of

•	to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Abfence, to vote or

*	give my A (Tent to of DHTent from any Bufinefs, matter or thing 4 relating to the laid Undertaking, that fhall be mentioned or pro-

•	pofed at any General or Special Meeting of the faid Company, in

4 inch manner as he the faid C» D. (ball think proper, according 4 to Ms Opiriion and Judgment, for the Benefit of tne (aid Under-4 taking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witnefs whereof I have 4 hereunto fet my Harid the	Day of	•

3 G 4

Shares (trading in the Names of more than one Perfon, the Perfon whofe Name Hands firft fhall for all the Purpofet of this A& be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form.

VI. And

824

C.taDEVU.

56° GEO. ill.

A.D.1814.

Power to light op HouTm, kc. from the Ma •ns.

Power to em ploy Manufacturers »r>H Deal-ers of the Materials to hr uled in lighting up Houfe, under the Cootroul of the Company.

Penalty.

Power to lay Mains, and to erefl Machinery requifite for fe-curing a competent Supply of Gas to Dwelling Houfes, &c and to alter or amend imperfe& Work; hut not to break up Pavements, &c. without Con fent of Commif-fioners or Truftees.

VI* And be it further eaa&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, in fuch cafes as to them (hall feem meet and convenient, to cany, fit up and fumifh any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other ne-eflary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Paffage or Place by tne faid Company, by virtu of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, or any or either of then, m, to or through any Dwelling Houfe or Houles, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame, army public or private Lamp, from any fuch Main, with the Coofem of the Owner or Occupier of fuch Dwelling Houfe or Moofet, Mm-fadories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwife : Provided always, that the faid Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in refped of fitting up any fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, (hall employ or appoint fuch Manufadurers of, or Dealers of the Materials to he ufed; as to the faid Company (hall feem meet and proper, aad fuch Manufadurers or Dealers (hall execute the fame under and ttjed to the Superintendance, Coutroul and Diredion of the laid Company : Provided alfo, that the faid Company . (hall not, an any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or (et to work, in fitting up any fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Period in the Pay or Employ of the faid Company; nor lull the (aid Company themfelves manufadure, fell or vend aoy of the Materiab requifite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor diredly «iodncdly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from Inch Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Coils of Suit, to the Party who (hall foe for the fame, to be recovered by Adion of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcJlminfter9 in which no EiToin, Protedion, Wager of Law, oar more than one Imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the (aid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to lay any Mata re* quifite for the Supply of any Dwelling Houfe or Houles, Mano* fadories, public or private Buildings, and to ered and fet up, by themfelves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus nece(Tary or requifite for fecuring to fuch Dwell, ing Houfe or Houfes, Manufadories, public or private Buddings a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for meafuriug and ascertaining the Extent of fuch Supply, and alfo to alter or amend any bad or imperfed Work which (hall have been placed in fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufadories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the faid recited Ads or this Ad, or any or either of tfarm, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be couftrued to extend to permit or authorize or empower the faid Company, or any Officer or Perfon now or hereafter appointed or employed by the faid Company, or any other Perfon or Perfoas whomfoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wherefoever, in order to lay down main Pipe

or

A.D. 181 A.

**°G£0. III.

CVbnrxvii.

823

latiofls, Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures as in and by the feid recited A6ts, or either of them, are expreffed and contained of and concerning the Shares created by virtue thereof, and no* veiled in the feveral aad refpe&ive Proprietors of and in the faid Undertaking ; and the Admifton of all and every Perfon and Perfons to any fnch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Refolution of the ibid Company, or their Court of Dire&ors, (hall be and be deemed to be U good and effectual Title to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and his, her or their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators or Afltgns, on Im, her or their paying to the faid Company, or their Treaforer or Trwrfurers for the time being, the Sum or Sums of Money required to be paid for fuch Shares refpe&ively, within the time limited in foch Order or Resolution for that Purpofe: Provkfed always that no Perfon (hall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the faid Company, m tefpe& of any Shares created by virtue of this A6fc, until he or (he (hall have been poff&ffed thereof for the Space of Three Calendar Months.

IV.	And be it further Sna&ed, That when utiy Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking (ball be the Property of more than one Pbrfon, the Owner or Proprietor whofe Name (hall have been entered forft in Order in the Books of the faid Company, (hall for all the Purpofes of the faid Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or Shares ; and all Notices required by the faid retiled A6ts and this Adt, or either of them, to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shanes in the faid Company, (hall and may be given to or ferved upon fuch Perfon whofe Name (hall fo ftand fitft in Order in the Books of the faid* Company ; and fuch Service upon fuch Perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Share or Shares, for all the Purpofes for which fuch Service Is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares by the faid recked Afts and this Ad, of either of them.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the palling of this Ad, anv Proprietor of Two or more Shares in the faid Company's Stock, entitled to vote in refped of fuch Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the faid Company, (hall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at fuch General or Special Meetings as aforefaid, either in Perfon or by Proxy, every Fuch Proxy being a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking : Provided ncverthelefs, that nb Perfon (hall deliver in Proxies for more than Ten Proprietors, and the Appointment of fuch Proxies may be itiade in the Form following ; •oidtiicet,

4 T A. J3. of	one	of	the	Proprietors

•	of and in the GaS Light and Coke Company do hereby no-4 rriinate, conftitute and appoint C. D. of

•	to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Abfence, to vote or 4 give my A (Tent to Of DHTent from any Buiinefs, matter or thing 4 relating to the faid Undertaking, that (hall be mentioned or pro-

Sfed at any General or Special Meeting of the faid Company, in :h manner as he the faid C. D. (hall think proper, according 4 to Ms Opiiiion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the faid Under-4 taking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witnefs whereof I have 4 hereunto fet toy Harid the	Day of	.*

VI.	And

Shires (trading in the Names of

more than one Perfon, the Perfon whofe Name (lands firft (hall for all the Purpofet of this A8 be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form.

3 G 4

8*4

Cbonwii.

58* GEO. III.

A .1). 18 is.

Poorer to fm ploy Manufacturers anH Deal< ers of the Materials to He ufed in lighting up Houfis, under the Contrail of the Company.

P°Tw	.VL A,id ** itL farther	That it Audi be lawful for At

from the°Ma-ns. Company, and they are hereby fully authorized and empooad, in fuch cafes as to them (hall feem meet and convenient, to cmy, it up and furnifh any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or othtt- ot-eflary Apparatus, from any main Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, PafTage or Place by the faid Company, by vitae cf the faid recited ACts or this ACt, or any or either of them, a, to or through any Dwelling Houfe or Houles, Manufactories, jaMic or private Buildings, for the Purpofe of lighting the fame, army public or private Lamp, from any fuch Mam, with the Omfioa d the Owner or Occupier of fuch Dwelling Houfe or Hooiin, Mass* factories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwife: Prodded always, that the faid Company, in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted, in refpeCt of fitting up any fuch Dwefiag Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, (hall employ or appoint fuch Manufacturers of, or Dealers of the Materials to be ufed; as to the faid Company (hall feem meet and proper, and filch Manufacturers or Dealers (hall execute the fame under and fdbjeft to the Superintendance, Cootroul and Direction of the find Company : Provided alfo, that the faid Company . (hall not, on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever, employ or fit to work, in fitting up any fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufactories, pnh&c or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant or any other Ferfia in the Pay or Employ of the faid Company; nor (hall the Hud Company themfelves manufacture, fell or vend any of the Mfterials requifite, except Stop Cocks and Burners, nor direCtly or odheEtiy take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from fadt Works, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Colts of Suit, to the Party who (hall foe for the fame, to be recovered by ACtion of Debt or on the Cafi, Biflf Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfter, in which no EfToin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main it-requifite for fe-* Su^lte **or Supply of any Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, Mass-curing a com- factories, public or private Buildings, and to ereCt and fet up, by petent Supply of themfelves or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine Gat to Dwelling or other Apparatus neceflary or requifite for fecuriug to fuch DweA-Houfea, &cjand^ jng Houfe or Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buddings, Imperfcfik Work * a ProPer an^ competent Supply of Gas, or for meafuring and afeer-butnot to break' taining the Extent of fuch Supply, and alfo to alter or amend any up Pavement*, bad or imperfeCt Work which (hall have been placed in fuch Dwelling Houfes, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any thing in the faid recited ACts or this Ad, or any or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywife not with (landing : Provided always, that nothing in this ACt contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to permit or authorize or empower the faid Company, or any Officer or Perfon now or hereafter appointed or employed by the faid Company, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever or wherefoever, in order to lay down main Pipe

Penalty.

Power to lay Maioi, and to

Sec. without Con fern of Coinmif-(ioners or Truftees.

A.D. 1816-

56" GEO. IIL

C. lxxxfii.

825

or Pipes to convey Gas* without the Confent of the Comraiffioners, Trudeee or other Perfons having the Superintendence or Controul or Property of or in fuch Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any fuch Streets, Roads or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from time to time in Writing fird obtained, but that nothing in this Claufe contained (hall be deemed or condrued to extend to prevent the faid Company from repairing fuch main Pipes after luch Confent obtained as- afore faid, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatfoever, for the Purpofe of laying down or repairing any fervice Pipe or Pipes leading from fuch main Pipes, after fuch Confent fo obtained as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall not be lawful to or for the faid Company, or any Perfon or Perfons ading by or under their Authority, to break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any of the Streets, Roads or public Places within the Cities of London and Weftminfier, the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs, Precinds and Liberties thereof refpedively, for the Purpofe of making or laying down or repairing any Main or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Pofition of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other Works, or for any other Purpofe, unlefs Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up fuch Pavement or Ground, (igned bv the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Infpe&or or Surveyor to the laid Company, fpecifying the Street, Road or public Place, and the particular Part of fuch Street, Road or public Place in which fuch Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, (hall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavemen ts or Roads lor the time being, (duly appointed and notified in purfuance of any Ad of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpofe,) of the parochial or other Did rid or Place wherein fuch Street, Road or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is fo intended to be broken or taken up (hall be fituate, or (hall have been left for him at his Dwelling Houfe or Office within fuch parochial or other Didrid or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the lead, before fuch Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof (hall be fo broken or taken up, except in all cafes of ludden Emergency, in which fuch Notice as aforefaid (hall be given to fuch Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as foon as poffible after fuch Pavement or Ground, or any Part thereof, (hall be broken or taken up ; and that the faid Company (hall not break or take up or dif-turb or caufe to be broken or taken up or didurbed, the Pavement or Ground in any Street, Road or public Place within the Limits aforefaid, for the Purpofe of laying down any Mains or Pipes, except fervice Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch in the Bore, without the Confent in Writing of the Commiffioners or Trudees or other Perfons having the Controul of the Pavements or RoAds, Ground or Soil, in any parochial or other Didrid or Place, fignified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, fird obtained; and that if the faid Company, or any Perfon or Perfons ading by or under their Authority, (hall break or take up, or caufe to be broken or taken up, any of fuch Pavement or Ground- without fuch Notice being given or left as aforefaid

(except

Reft rift ions re-fpe&ing break' ing up Pavement*.

Nodes of breakup Pavement, .

&c.

Company breaking up Pavement without Notice, &c.

CfettorfL

5<T GEO.HL

AJ>. 1BK.

IK

(oaeept as tffbrefarfd), or (hall break or take op, or difhirb or oak to be broken, token op or difturbed, mj of foch Pramest or Ground, for die Purpofe of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except fervice Pipes os afbreknd) without foch Oanftwt as afbrrfaid, then and in every fueh cafe the find Company (hall forfeit and pay to tk Commfffioners or Truftees or other Perfons haring the Control of tke Pavements or Roads within the parochial or other Diftrid or Place in which fuch Pavement or Ground fo broken or takes op or difturbed (hall be fituate, or to their Treafnrer, Clerk or Surrrror, Penalty.	or to fuch other Perfoh as they may appoint, the Sum of Treaty

Pounds for every fqnare Foot of Pavement or Ground which (hH be fo broken or taken up without foch Notice or Cetifent as aforefai, to he recorered with full Cofts of Suit, in any of Hi* Majefty’i Courts of Record at Wefiminjler% by Addon of Debt, or os the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance fhaM be allowed: Provided always, that the laid Company (hall not be fobjeft or table to the Payment of more than one Pen sky, or to more thn or A&ion, Sait or other Proceeding in refpeft of any one Offence coo-mkted, whether by virtue of this Aft, or any other Aft or Ads of IMiament, now or hereafter in force, airy Law, Statute, Ufagtor Cuftom to the Contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandiag. lUqidring On»- IX. And be it further enafted, That whenever and fo cfcrt a the peny to-reMats fcjd Company foal! have lawfully broken up or removed the Stones, •fter^lpes] &c! Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of arry Street, Road, Highwiyfr have been iaid ptibhc Place, Or Sny Part thereof, the fetid Company (hill and they down.	afe hereby required immediately then after to remftate tmd make good

foch Ground, Sod or Pavement, in 0s gotod found State and Condition as the Tame was or were in at the time of being fo broken op, to the Sarisfaftion of the Surveyor of the Commiffioom or Trdtas of foch Pavement, Soil or Ground rfefpe&ivfcly ; and the fold Coo-pany (hall carry away all furplus Earth, Frith and Rubhilh occa-fioned thereby, at tbeir own Cofts and Charges ; and that during the Works of the fetid Company, and retaliating fuch Ground, Sod or Phvement as aforefarid, the faid Company mall provide proper Watchmen, with neceflkry Lamps, and otherwife fecurb and guird the faid Works, fo as to prevent any Damage or Inconvcmtoce Company not re- happening to Paflengert, Cattle or Carriages j and in cafe the fad ment^Mid not" Company fh&H negleft and make Default in making good and rero-repaying Com-	Gating inch Ground, 80A or Paverttent as afbrefaid, Within TVfiitf

miflfoner* the	four Hours tlext after Notice given to or left for the faid Company

Expences. it their Hottfe or Often, it fhau be lawful for the faid Cofnmifiorwi or Truftees to reinftate and make good foch Grourid, Soil or Pitt* meat; and the Charges and Expencetr thereof (hall be reimborfed and repaid by the fafa Company, or their Treafoter, to the faid Com-miffiouers or Truftees, or their refpeftive Tfeafurer j and in Deftok of Payment thereof within Seten Days neat after Demand thereof in Writing (haft have been made by the Clerk of the faid Commiffiosm or Truftees, foch Sum or Stuns of Money fo paid by them foil and tostf be recovered of and from the feud Coftpany of their Ttw-forer, Clerk or Agent, by Addon Of Debt, in attf erf Hi* Mafetyi Aftion*	Cotms of Record at Wefindnjltr ; and in which Afttetf or Aftkmi.

no Effete, Proteftton or Wager at Law, Of moit ihA doe balance, (haH be allowed.

X. And

5^©E0.1IL



#27

X* And be it further -ena&ed, That if adyFsrfon of Peefons Dtftroying fh*M wMfuiW -and mibckuflv, and to the Prejudice of the fold Com- Work*, pany or of their Undertaking, break, throw down, deftroy, take away, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Trunk,

VaHe, Syphon, Machine, Erection or Budding kid, placed, eredled or fet up by the kid Company, by virtue of the faid recked Aft* and this Ad, or either of them, for the Pnrpofe of carrying into Execution the feveral Powers and Authorities given to and vefted in the faid Company, every fuch Perfon (ball be adjudged guilty af Felony ; and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully eonVi&ed, (hall be Cubjeft to the like Pumlhment and Penalties as in cxfea of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before PunMhment. whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convidled, (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like manner a9 Felons are diredled to be punidied by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ; or in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment, fuch Court may award fuch Sentence as the Law diredls in cafes of Petty Larceny.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That the Court of Diredlors Report of of the faid Company (hall, and they are hereby required, within One Work* to be Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the [*”|arr° ^es^# faid Company, or oftener if required by the Right Honourable the f^thl Home* Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, Department, to tranfmit to the faid Secretary of State a Report in Writing, Half Yearly at figned by the Governor, Deputy Governor or one of the Diredlors

of the faid Company, of the State of the faid Company and of their Works, and the Means poffeffed by the faid Company for fecuring the Continuance of their Operations, and fuch other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the faid Company as the faid Secretary of State (hall from time to time require.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That all the Stations and Works Sutioni and of the faid Company (hall be open at all convenient times for the Work* to bt Infpedlion and Examination of fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid t^nfMaionof Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being (hall perfoni tp-appoint from time to time for that Purpofe ; and the faid Company pointed by the (haD, and they are hereby required, to conform to fuch Regulations Secretary of and Proceedings in the feveral Parts of their Works and Operations, Statc*

as well in refpedl of thofe already eredled or executed, as of fuch as (hall hereafter be ere died and executed, as the faid Secretary of State (hall confider neceflary and proper, and (hall diredl to be adopted, for the better and more effedlually lighting the feveral Parts of the Metropolis and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precindls thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the faid Company (hall lie, and for more effedlually fecuring a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for affifting and advancing the Benefits to be derived from an adlive and efficient Police, and for fuch other Purpofes as to the faid Secretary of State (hall feem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That all the Powers, Autho- 5° G. 3. cclxix. rities, Provifions, Regulations, Diredlions, Privileges, Penalties, #™g. - c.cxvi Forfeitures, Claufes, Reflridlions, matters and things whatfoever con- ^ thbAd to tained in the faid recited Ads, fo far as the fame were in force at be cooftrued as the time of pafiing this Adi, and fo far as the fame are not ex- one Ad. prefsly altered or repealed by this Adi, fhall extend and be conftrued

to

8*8

CboomL

56° GEO. III.

AJDlISIS.

Public aa.

to extend and operate, and be in feme with refped to the Sam a? Money allowed to be railed, and to the additional Sham to be made or created under this Ad, and alfo with refped to all matim and things whatfeever, which may happen or anfe in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofcs m if the lame and every Part thereof were repeated and rceiaftrd m tha Ad, and were made Part thereof; and the faid recited Ads and this Ad (hall, as to all matters and things whatfoever, except as aforefaid, be conftroed as one Ad.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be deened and taken to be a public Ad, and (hall be judicially Notice cf as fuch by all Judges, Judices and others, without being fpecuBy pleaded.

1.1816.

56* GEO. III.

Pr. C. 1—7.

829

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

D WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY* BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

. B. To each of thefe A8s is annexed a Claufe in the Form

following :

“ And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be printed by the feveral Printers to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, fo printed by any of them, (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices and others.”

Cap. I.

An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifti of Alwinton, in the County of Northumberland.	[4th March 1816.3

Cap•

An ASt for inclofing the Common or Waftc Grbund, called Holton Mqfs or Moore Mofs, within the Manor and Town(hip of Moore9 in the County Palatine of Chefter.	[aad March 1816.]

Cap. 3.

An Aft for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made under an Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Pari(h of Blidworthf in the County of Nottingham.	[	11 th April 1816. J

Cap• 4.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pari(hes of Thorp Arch and Wal-ton, in the County of the City of Tori* [nth April 181&]

Cap• 3*

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pari(h of Newbum9 in the County of Northumberland.	[1 ith April	1816.]

Cap• 6.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfliip of Heaton9 in the Pariih of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

[1 ith April i8l6«]

Cap. 7.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pari(h of Rifon9 in the County of tork.	.	[nth	April	1816.]

*	Cap•

JPr#C. 8—16.

50 0®O. IIL

AALlSIS.

Ctf/. 8.

An Ad for veiling feveral Meffuages, Lands and Heredkament*, belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edmmni the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for applying the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be frtrird upon the Trufts on which fuch Meffuages, Lands and Heredkaaeats are held.	[2ift May iBrf.]

Cap• p.

An Ad for confirming and effeduating a Partition of a Meflhagt, Farm and Lands, called Wejlhourn, otherwife Wcjtbory Farmf in the Parifhes of Paddington, Kenhngtaa and Chel/ea, or fame or one of them, in the County of MideUefea, in which the VetY RAer-eud WilTtam Beaumont Bujhy, Dodor in Divinity, and WiSfan Heroey Efquire, ban* undivided Moieties [a*l May 1818.j

Cap* 1 a.

An Ad for indofingLauds in the Manor of £cchik/MIr and especially within the Ty thing of Eqfi Woodhay othersrtfe Wy&ty, in the County of Southampton•	[21ft May 1816	]

Cap. ii«

An Ad to commute for a Corn Rent the Ty thes sad Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parifh and Parifh Church of Sant Micb+l upon Wore, in the County'Palatiifc of' Loot after

fitfUBgrrihd]

Cap W.

An Ad for efib&ing’an Exchange of an-Eftaje devifod bytht W5H of the Reterend Maury Zaacb for an Eftale befogging t» Mt Ltmtkar Efquire, in Fee Simple*	[31ft.	May	1816,]

Cap jj.

An Ad for ueftior, orvtain EfUtes fo the Parifh of Lade, ® the County of Tort* Part? of the £fUt*BB devifed by tht Will of CkrUbfbaf\Otto Lordfiifiop ofan Trufaq^-tobe Sold, sad faatbjgafctPittfthe Money arifing by fuch .Sate in the Ptvcbifcof other Eitates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	£ 31ft May 1816.]

Gap 14*

An Ad* for refting Parts df the fettfod EftatW of * Staff*/ Aliafy Efquire, in the County of Chejler% in a Truftee, to be fold $ asd for purchafing other Eftates, <0 lye^fettled to the fame Ufa.

frift'JKy'iMj

Cap. 15.

An Ad for inclofing La&<i* in the Townfhip pf Bortoick and Parifh of tParton, in the Gounty Palatinfc otLandtfkr.

[31 ft May i8id]

Cap* 16.

An Ad for incfofiqg Lands in the H*mfet of Alton, in tJjeRu&of Anil itk th^jCounty of IVorcefier•	[31ft May rf id]

Cof.

>. 1816-

5G° GEO. IU.

Prva 17—26.

SSI

Cft>* IT*

A<d for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wellington* in the 'ounty, of Somcrfet.	[^i^May i8i&]

Cap. i8,

Aft for inclofing Leeds in the Manor of A/krigg, in. the Parifh »f Aifgarth and County of TerL	[31ft AT** *816.]

Wiotmeia to The King for Right to Stone and Right,of Soil in AJfrrigg Pa&ure and Nemtbiggtn Pafture, § 16. Allotment to The King as Lord of Manor for Right of Soil of the other Lands to be divided, &c. under this Ad, § *8. Extrad of fo much of Award as relates to His Majefty. Allotments to be transmitted to Land Revenue Office^ § 38*.

Cap* 19*

n Aid for eoclofing Lands in the Hamlet of HomufoU+in the P^rifh p£ Dronfield, in the County of Derby* [31ft May 1816.] Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, § 21.

Cap. to*

in Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of BrUJlvjtJflc* in the Parifh of Thornhill, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori*

[31ft May 1816.]

Cap. 21.

^n Ad forJnclofiqg Lands in the PariQies of Church Strata*, WM-anfioto and Edgton, in the County of Salop.	[31ft May i8io.]

Cap* 22.

bA^ for inclofing L^»ds ia,the Manor and Pasiftiiof Loadtfbo-rough, in the ,£aft. fading of the County of Tori*

[31ft May 1816.]

u Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, f 21.

Cap* 23.

An Ad for -inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wbiflon, in the County of Tori*	[31ft May 1816.]

“ Allotment and Compenfation fpr Small Tithes, f 20. Great " Tithes abfolute in the Manors of Wbiflon an*J Mortben, ,§ 23. u Allotment andCompenfation for Groat Tithes and l^oduflea in the “ Minor of Mortben, $28.

Cap* 24.

An Ad for inclofing Land! in the Manor of,Stainlind, in the Parifh of Halifax, in the County of Tori.	[g;	A	May	*816.]

* Provifo for Hit Majefty** Right to Tithes*..$56*

Cap* 25.

An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Saggqrt, in the County of'Dublin*	[jtft.T®*f

Cap* 26.

An A ft formclofing Wifi Sc dgmoor in the County of Stmtrfct*'

[31ft May 1816.] Cap•

882

Pr. C. 27—34.

3<P GEO. III.

A.D. 181*.

*	Cap.	2^*

An Ad |or inclofmg Lands in the Pariih of Fe'ck+kins, ■ the

County of Worctfter. •	•	Maj	1816.]

Cap* 28.

An. Ad for filling certain Land* and Heritages in the Shire of Berwick^entaileciby AfoV late Earl bf Roftberj, decesrkd,ferfty. * ment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Landspsrckfa? and eptailod by him ; and for pure haling and entailing other Lands . more convenient to the family Eftates.	[20th	Jwm

*

• •	*	Cap. 29.

An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the WiH of Nttk1 • Hyde Efquire, deceafed# in Truftees, in Trail, to be fold, ud for laying out the Monies ariiing from fuch Sales in the Purdah of other Eftates, ; t6 be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Hates fa fold.	^	[20th	Jnt	\%\i]

Cap. 30.

• An Ad for making the Truftees of Prifca Coborn*s Charity a Body Corporate, and For enabling them to fell Part of the Eftates belonging to the faid Charity, and to apply the Money ariftng therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to grant Building Leafs of other Part of the Eftates belonging to the faid Chanty, ad to appoint new Truftees of fuch of the Copyhold Eftates Woogwg to the faid Charity as are not to be fold. [20th Jm

Cap• 31 •

An Ad for uniting the Redory of Great Birch, in the County of Effex, with the adjoining Redory of Little Birth, in the fasar County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

[20th Jssr iSi6.]

Cap. 32.

An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worceffcr, and John Knight Efqnirr, of certain Lands in the County of Worcejlcr. [20th /wmM]

Cap, 33.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parities of NevucajUc nnJtrLju, Trentham, Woolftanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County 0/ Stafford.	[apth	Juu	1816.]

“ Sale of The King’s Allotment in Knutton lVaJley before or aftfr “ Award, § 70* Tidies of Common Fields in Ne%i>caflle?wkn-11 tinguifhed, § 89. Regulation as to Compenfation for fuch M Tidies, and varying the Tithe Rents, § 95—101. Prosifo for w Mines to His Majefty within the Copyhold Part of the Common “ Fields, $ 114.

Cap. 34.

An Ad for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes Linds in tk Pariih of Dalhamf m the County of Suffolk.	[20th	Jm	1816.]

«< Allotment in Part Compenfiition for Tithes, § 26. Annoal Resu M in lieu of Tithes afcertained, § 43. When Tithes to cafe, #47.

D.1816.

S6*-GE0. III.

Pr. C. 35—43,

Cap. 35**

n Aft for in doling Lands within the Manors, Townfhips or Divi. lions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parifh of Kirkby in KeifRal, in the County of Weflnorlqnd* [20th June 1816.3

Cap* 36.

n Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sonning9 in the Counties of Berks and Oxford*	[20th	June	1816. j

Provifo for Rights of Tithe Owners, § 47* Allotments in re--fpeft of Tithe free Lands to be Tithe free, f 48. Corn Rents in lieu of Tithes to Vicar ascertained, f 49—51. 53. Tithes payable till Award of Committioners Shall other wife direft, $ 52.

Cap. 37.

\n Aft for indofing Lands in the Manor of Arujlley9 in the County of Montgomery*	[20th	June	1816.]

Cap* 38.

An Aft for vetting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend Henry Chatfield9 in the Reftor for the time being of the Parifh of Bab combe in the County of Sujfex9 in Exchange for the Parfonage Houle of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the Said Parifh ; and for enabling the faid Henry ChatfieTd to build a new Parfonage Houfe upon the firtt mentioned Lands.

[22d June 1816.3 i

Cap. 39/

An Aft for ettablifhing and effeftuating an Exchange made between the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve9 Reftor of Middleton Stoney9 in the County of 0xford9 and the Mott Noble John Duke of Bedford9 and George Bainbridge Efquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Middleton Stoney aforefaid.	[2 ad June	1816.3

Cap. 40.

An Aft for rendering valid the Sale of certain Ettates in the County 49	3*c* 8f.

of Argyll9 and a Salmon Fifhing in the County of Invernefs9 of George Marquis of Twecddale, made under the Authority of an Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty.

[25th June 1816*3

Cap * 41.

An Aft for vetting Part of the Settled Ettates of the Reverend Sir Charles John Anderfon Baronet in the County of Tork9 in Truf-tees, to be fold; and for purchafing other Ettates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	[25th	J***	1816.3

Cap. 42.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of CorJbam9 in the County of Wilts.	[26th	June	1816.3

Cap* 43*

An Aft for vetting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd9 Infants, of and in certain fettled Ettates in the Parifhes of Charlton and Woolwich, in 56 Geo. 111.	3	H	the

*3*

19 G. 3. c. 48.

49G.t-c.x63.

Pr. C. 43—47.	56° GEO. III.	A.D. 1810L I

the County of Kent, in Tru flees for Sale, and for mveftiDg the \ Monies thence ariling in the Purchafe of other Edates to be fettled 1 to the lame Ufea.	[ift	Jmlj 1816.] '

Cap. 44.	:

An Ad for veiling Part of the fettled Eftates of Sir Framcir Boymim \ Baronet, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying the Prodoce ia or towards the Difcharge of the Incumbrances on the laid Eftates.

[2d July 1816. J

Cap. 4J.

An Ad for effeding an Exchange of certain Settled Eftates cl John Wharton Efquire, for certain other Eftates belonging to ban in Fee Simple, fituate in the Counties of Fork, iVejlmcrtLxxJ and Durham.	[2d Jaly 1816. J

Cap• 46.

An Ad for veiling in new Truftees the Truft Eftates denied by the Will of Philip Burton Efquire, deceafed.	[2d Julj 1816,1

Cap. 47.

An Ad for vefting a certain Settled Eftate of Ann Sjke/br and others,*in IVeJlcott over Wejlcott and Nether Weficott,m the County of Gloucefter, in Truftees, to be fold for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchafing other Eftates to be fettled to the feme Ufes.	[id Jt/y 1816. J

INDEX

.INDEX

TO THE

HJBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 56° GEO. III.

# Signifies that the A8 relates exclufively to Ireland.

ACCOUNTS, time of delivering by Oil of Vitriol Manufa&urers, altered -	-	Cap.	81

Aliens, Regulations refpefting - 86 Allowances for Children, repealing 66 America, carrying into Effe£l a Convention of Commerce with 15. 51 -	■	■ ■ exporting Machinery for a

Mint to	-	-92

— • ■ — ■» Carrying PafTengers to United States of, in Britifh Veffels - 114 Annuities (Life) enabling Commiffioners of National Debt to grant -	53

Apprentices, Parifh, binding of - 139 Appropriation of Supplies -	-	142

Arrears of Quit, Crown and Compofi-tioti Rents, amending A6ts for difcharging	-	-	*71

Afleffed Taxes, Colle&ion - - *57 Ballot of Local Militia, fufpending 38 Bank of England, Loan of j#3,000,000 by, continued	-	-	,	7

■ ■ ■-—-------Advance of 000,000

by, towards Supplies -	-	14

—	---- ■ Reftridtions continued

21. 40. *48

--------------Eftablifhing	Agreement

with, for advancing 5^3,000,000

96

Bankrupts* Creditors, Relief of - 137 Beer, making Allowances of Duties on

43

Billetting Cavalry, &c. Adis for, continued -	-	*72

Blubber, Admiflion of from Britifh Colonies in North America - 118 Bounties, Silk Manufadures, Exportation of, continued -	-	109

Sugar, refined	-	76

— -	  Double	refined -	19

Buonaparte, Napoleon, effectual Cuftody of	22

■— ■ ■■1 regulating Intercourfe with

Saint Helena, during his Confinement there	-	Cap.	23

Butter, imported, charging Duties on 25 Cape of Good Hope,regulating Trade and Commerce to and from -	8

Cavalry, A6U for billetting, &c. continued	-	*72

Cemeteries, Ecclefiaftical Bodies to alienate Lands for enlarging - 141 Charlotte Augufta, Her Royal Highnefs the Prtncefs, making Provifion for

H

-------- ■ ■- — Settling Claremont

Eftate on	-	-	11 y

Cheefe imported, charging Duties on 26 Civil Lift, Regulation of -	-	46

Claremont Eftate, ratifying Purchafe of and veiling in the Princefs Charlotte and Prince of Cobourg 115 Coals, confumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall, Drawback on -	-	134

—	— Small, reducing Duty on the Ex-

portation of	-	-	124

Cobourg, His Serene Highnefs Prince Leopold of, A61 for exhibiting a Bill for naturalizing -	-	12

— ------ Naturalization of, and fettling

his Precedence -	-	-	13

—	Settling Claremont Eftate on

llS

Cochineal and Indigo, free Importation of, revived and continued -	2

Coinage, New Silver	.	.	68

Colefeed, repealing and granting Duties

on	-	75

Collieries, &c. deftroying Machinery in

I2$

Colonies, regulating the carrying of Paf-fengers to and from Newfoundland and the Coaft of Labrador

83

—■  ----Demerara, Berbice and Effe-

quibo, regulating Trade of 91

3 H 2

896	INDEX	to	the	Publick	General	Ads,	56°	GEO.	HI.

Colonies, Britilh in America, Admiffion of Oil and Blubber from, Cap. 118 Commerce, to and from the Cape of Good Hope, regulating -	-	8

—— - ■ with America, carrying Convention for, into Effed 15. 51 Convidion of Offenders dealing in Mines, Removal of Difficulties in - 73 Corks, ready made imported, additional Duty on	-	-	34

Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks, Beer and Malt -	.	-	108

—	-----------------------   Malt	*59

......-	Paper	and

Pafteboard	-	-	103

County Rates, Colle&ion of	-	49

Court of Exchequer, fecuring Profits of the Office of Clerk of Pleas *122 Courts Martial. See Naval Courts Martial.

Creditors of Bankrupts, Relief of, 137 Criminal Offences, annual Returns of *120 Crinan Canal, Money for completing 135 Crown Rents, regulating the Offices of Receivers of •	-	16

Culm, Ac by Inland Navigation -	124

Curriers, Regulation of -	-	no

Cuftoms, Ireland, regulating in *20. *85

■.....- Madder, repealing!)uties on 69

........Officers	of, in Great Britain,

empowered to take Entries of Ships, &c. arriving from or bound to Ireland	-	-	93

■	■ - Rape and Colefeed, new Duties

on -	-	-	75

...... Rapefeed Cake, Ac. - 79

— ■ Temporary or War Duties, certain, made perpetual - - 29 Diflillation of Spirits, colle&ipg, &c.

Duties on	106.	*111

—— .. ■	■	- — unlawful, Fines

in refped of	-	*112

Diftilleries, Commifiioners of Excife, Ac. in Scotland indemnified concerning	-	30

Diftrefs, undue, prote&ing Tenants from

*88

Dividends, unclaimed, transferring to Comroiffioners of National Debt 60.97

Drawback, ou Coals confumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall -	-	134

< Malt, reducing - *59

—	■	■- Paper exported -	-	103

Drawback, Plate Glafs - Cap. 10S Dublin, Harbour for Ships to Eaftward of Dunleary -	-	*62

Ecdefiaftical Corporate Bodies, enahlmg to alienate Lands -	-	141

Elgin Marbles and Sculpture^ veiling in the Truftees of the Bnti&k Mufeum -	-	•	99

Exchequer Bills, on Credit of Aids or Supplies, Treafury authorized to iffue -	-	tl

—■	■ ■ ■ — See Loans.

Excife, additional Duties contused 17

—	■ ■ Beer and Malt, ADovance of

Duties on -	-	-	43

■	Glafs made in Great Britan, Du-

ties on, revived and confined 1 Excife, Ireland, Regulation m *2c.

*85

■	Malt, reducing Duty os • *59

—-------Paper, colleding Duties ou --------Scotland, Commiffiooen of, indemnified relative to certria Ads regarding Diftilleries • - 30

------- Soap, hard, repealing Dubes,

&c. on, made in GwaJi hritrin and imported from Irdand - 44

—	-- Spirits, colle&iag, Ac. Doties

.on	-	106.	*iit

■	----unlawful DiftiUadon of

•112

Exportation, Coals, reducing Duty on, of a certain Defcripboa - 127 ■■	Lead,	DutyonfufpendediS

— ---------—- Sugar, double refined, addi-

tional Bounty on -	-	19

—	- ■	.-■■■■ Sugar, refined, new Boun-

ties on	-	76

Farming Stock, taken in Execution, regulating the Sale of •	50

Farm8 holden by Spiritual Pertatt, explaining, &c. A&s concerning 6. 123

Fees, Gaol and other, aboliihed -116 Foreign Packets or Veffds, charging Duties on	-	.9

Gaol and other Fees, Abolition of 116 Glafs made in Great Britain, Dsdei on, revived and continued	• 1

Glebe Houfes or Lands, Ac. Spiritual Perfons exchanging .	.32

Grand Juries, regulating Proceedings of

*S7

Half Pay, Naval Officers, and their

837

INDEX to the Publick General Ads, 56° GEO. HI.

Representatives empowered to draw	Cap. ioi

Harbour for Ships to Eaftward of Dun-leary, in Port and Harbour of Dublin -	-	*62

Holyhead, accommodating King’sPackets in, &c.	-	-	-	84

Helena, Saint, regulating Intercourse with, during Buonaparte’s Confinement there -	-23

Hertford College, Oxford, transferring and receiving Dividends of 95 ■ ■■■	Lands	of,	transferring

to Magdalen Hall •	-136

Horfes, reducing Duties on, for Two Years, &c.	•	-	-	66

Hydrometer,U fe of Sikes’s eftabliihed 140 Importation, American Staves and old Plate and Books from Great Britain -	*85

----—— Butter, charging Duties on

*S

-----------Cheefe, charging Duties ou

26

....--— ■ ' Cochineal and Indigo, free,

revived and continued -	2

-------——- Corks, ready made, additional Duty on •	-	34

...	---- Madder, new Duties on 69

-----------— Oil and Blubber from Bri-

tifh Colonies in North America 118 -------	— Paper, Countervailing Duties on	-	-	103

-	. — —— Prunes, from Germany,

permitted	-	“37

....Rape and Cole Seed, new

Duties on -	-	-	75

—	■	■ Rape Seed Cake, &c. new

Duties on	“79

....... Wrought Goods, &c. Prohibition of, repealed -	-	36

Imprisonment under Sentences of Naval Courts Martial, regulating -	5

Indemnity Ad; Offices, &c.	-	33

Indigo and Cochineal, free Importation of, revived and continued - 2 Inland Navigation in Ireland, amending Ads, Jcc. concerning -	-	*55

Innkeepers, quartering Soldiers -	32

Infane Per Hons charged with Offences, (afe Cnffody of -	-	117

Insolvent Debtors’ Ad, amending 102

*126

Inventories, Stamp Duties on, altered 107

Juries, Grand, regulating Proceedings of

Cap. *87

Labrador, carrying Paffengen to and from the Coaff of -	-	83

Lands, See. Purchafe of, for Navy, at Sheernefs and Chatham -	74

Lead exported, Duty on, fufpended 18 Liberty of Subjed, fecuring of - 100 Licences for Beer, Ale, &c. Duties on

“3

Life Annuities, Commiffioners of Na» tional Debt empowered to grant

Lime, Oxymuriate of, employing of, Ior bleaching Linens and Cotton 94 Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, &c.

raifmg, iffuing and funding, *£11,000,000, Exchequer Bills -	4

*£3,000,000, Exchequer Bills, Loan by Bank of England continued 7 j£6,oco,ooo. Vote of Credit -	14

*£2,400,000, Irifli Currency, Treafury Bills .... *41 *£1,700,000, Britilh Currency, Treafury Bills, for the Service of Ireland -	*42

*£1,200,000, Iriih Currency, Treafury Bills .... *47 *£l 2,000,000, Exchequer Bills 54 Defraying Charge of -	-	133

Local Muitia, Pay and Clothing - 45 .,fufpending Ballot, &c. 38 London, Port of, Colle&ion of Tonnage on Ships -	-	35

Lotteries -	-	-	-	-	61

Lottery Prizes, &c« unclaimed, tranf-ferriug to Commiffioners of National Debt -	-	60.	97

Machinery for a Mint, authorizing the Exportation of, to America 92

—	— — deftroyiug in Collieries, & c.

i*5

Madder, imported, new Duties on 69 Malt, Allowances of Duties on	-	43

— - reducing Duty on	*59

Marine Forces, Regulation of	-	11

------------Officers,	&c.	in,	allowing

to exercife Trades	-	67

Marylebone Park, New Streets	in,	&t.

128

Militia Adjutants, Allowances to	90

------amending Laws -	-	64

—	■ Difembodied, Pay and Clothing

of	-	90

S38

INDEX to the Publick General A<fts, 56* GEO. ID.

fidcut Abroad, enabling to gras* Certificates of Stores, Ac* ibid

Militia, Irifh, Pay and Clothing of

Cap. *121

■ - ■ ■ ■ Local, Pay and Clothing 45 -------	fufpending Ballot 38

—	- Officers, &c. in, allowing to

exercife Trades -	- 67

■■ ■■■ - ' Serjeant Majors, Allowances to

90

' ■■ —■ Subaltern Officers, Allowances

90. *121

—. Surgeons* Mates, Allowances to

Millbank, regulating Penitentiary for Convifts at -	- 63

Mines, Offenders ftealing from, removing Difficulties in the Conviftion of,

73

— deftroying Machinery, icc. in

125

Mifdemeanours. Annual Returns of

*120

Muriatic Acid, Makers of Oxygenated, empowered to ufe crufiled Rock Salt Duty free -	- 94

Mufter of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry, reducing Number of Days

of -	-	- 39

Mutiny Aft, Army -	-	10

-----------------amended	- 119

------— Marines -	-	11

National Debt, Commiffioners of, tranf-ferring Stock and Lottery Prizes, &c. unclaimed to	- 60

-	 of	Ireland,	regulating	*70

Naturalization of His Serene Highnefs

Leopold Prince of Cobourg Saal-feld. Aft for exhibiting a Bill for	-	-	-	12

—	-■	of	His	Serene Highnefs

Prince Leopold, &c. and fettling his Precedence -	-	13

Naval CourtB Martial, granting conditional Pardons to Perfons under Sentence of	-	-	-	5

Navigation (Inland), £.500,000 for promoting, &c.	-	- *55

Navy and Viftualling Commiffioners, Tranfport Commiffioners* Con-trafts, &c. transferred to -	31

—	. Officers, &c. in, allowing to exer-

cife* Trades	-*	-	- 67

---- purchafing Lands, &c. for, at

Sheernefi and Chatham -	74

—	Officers and Commiffiouer9 of, re*

by	Cap-	80

Navy Officers and their Reprcfimtxthrcs, enabling to draw for their Half Pay -	-	•	- 101

Newfoundland, regulating the carrying of Paffengers to and from - 8$ New Streets, amending Afts for - vt8 Offenders, Tranfportationaf, Laws concerning, amended and continued

27

---------ftealing from Mines, remoriag

Difficulties in the Co&ri&kxi «

7S

Officers, &c. in Army, Navy^ Marines or Militia, allowing to exercife Trade* -	-	- 67

Offices and Employments, annul Duties on	;	-	3

---------   —	■■■—	Indemnity

Oil of Vitriol Manufacturers, altering the time of dehrering their Accounts	-	T	-	81

Oil and Blubber, Adnuffion of, horn Britifh Colonies in North America	-	-	118

Oxygenated Muriatic Add, Makers of, empowered to ufe crufhed Rock Salt Duty free -	-	94.

Packets or Paffage Veflels, Foreign, charging Duties on -	•	9

Paper, collecting Duties on - - 478 -	—	and Pafteboard, fecuring Duties

on -	-	103

Pardons, conditional, for granting, under Sentences of Naval Courts Martial	-	•	-	5

P&rifii Apprentices, binding of - 139 Parfonage or Glebe Houles, Spiritual Perfons exchanging -	-	51

Paffengers, regulating the carrying of, to and from Newfoundland and Labrador -	83

--------- carrying of to America in

Britifh Veflels -	-	114

Penitentiary for Convifts at Millbank, regulating -	-	.63

Penfions, Annum Duties on -	-	3

Perfonal Eftate, Annual Duties on 3 Pillory, Puniflunent of, abofifhed - 13S Poor, Repeal of Prorifions in Local Afts concerning -	- 1:9

83£

INDEX to the Publick General ACU, 56° GEO. IIL

Sorter, colouring Liquor from Sugar for, prohibited - Cap. 58" prefer vat ion of the Peace	- - 131

Property Tax, Collection -	-	65

Prunes, Importation of, from Germany permitted -	-	-37

Public Funded Debt, Charge of Addition to, provided for - *89

- -----Revenue, Confolidating - 98

Rape Seed, repealing and granting Duties on -	-	- 75

—	Cakes,	repealing and granting

Duties on -	-	- 79

Receivers of Crown Rents, regulating

16

Recovery of Tenements, dec. from Tenants overholding, &c.	- *88

Refidence of Spiritual Perfons, enforcing

6. 123

Revenue, Public, confolidating -	98

Royal Family. See Charlotte, Prin-cefs.

-	  ■	See	Cobourg,	Prince	of.

Sikes’s Hydrometer, for eftablifhing Ufe of -	-	140

Silk Manufacture, additional Bounty on Exportation of, continued 109 Silver Coinage, New -	-68

Smuggling, Prevention of -	104

Snuff, annual Duties on -	-	3

Soldiers, Innkeepers quartering -	32

.........Officers and Privates, allowed

to exercife Trades	-	67

South Sea Company -	77

Spirits, Trade in, regulated -	105

------— collecting, &c. Duties on 106

■ ■■ — Licences and collecting, dec.

Duties on	-	- *111

—— unlawful Diftillation of - *112 Spiritual Perfons, holding Farms, for regulating, and alfo for enforcing their Reudence - Cap. 6. 123 Spiritual Perfons exchanging Parfonage or Glebe Houfes	-	52

Stamp Duties on Inventqries, altered .	107

Stamp Duties in Ireland^ repealing former, and fubftituting new ones, &c. -	- Cap. *56

-------------Property Tax, Collectors’'

Bonds exempt from - 6y Stock of unclaimed Dividends, dec. transferring to Commiffioners for Reduction of National Debt 60 SubjeCt, Liberty of, fecuring -	100

Sugar, exported, Double refined, additional Bounty on	-	19

» ■ Refined, new Bounty on 76 Supplies, Appropriation of - 142 Surrogates of Vice-Admiralty Courts abroad, ACts of, during Vacancies rendered valid -	82

Tanners, Regulation of -	-	no

Taxes in Ireland, Regulation of - *20

-----Affeffed -	-	-	*57

Tenements, Recovery of, from Tenants overholding, and protecting Tenants from undue Diftrefs *88 Tobacco, Annual Duties on -	3

Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, regulating -	-	-	8

Vagrants, amending Laws concerning

I3°

Vice-Admiralty Courts abroad, rendering valid judicial ACts of Surrogates of, during Vacancies

82

Vitriol (Oil of) Manufacturers, altering the time of delivering their Accounts -	-	81

Volunteer Cavalry, reducing Days of Mufter -	"39

Watching and Warding -	-	131

Windfor Foreft, inclofing, &c. -	132	•

Wrought Goods, &c. imported.	Prohibition of, repealed	-	36

Yeomanry Cavalry, reducing Days of Mufter of	-	39-

----------Corps,	ACts for biUetting, 3cc.

continued	-	-	*72-
