THE

Parliamentary Register;

OR,

HISTORY

OF THE

PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS*

CONTAINING AN ACCOUNT OF

The most interesting Speeches and Motions; accurate Copies of the mod remarkable Letters and Papers; of the mod material Evidence, Petitions, &c. laid before and offered to the House,

DURING THE

First Session of the Fifteenth Parliament

OF

GREAT BRITAIN.

Begun to be holden at Westminster on the 31ft Day of October 1780.

VOL. I,

LONDON:

Printed for J. Alm in and J. Debret-t, opposite Burlington House, in Piccadilly.

MDCCLXXXI.

4

G ON T

Q F

FIRST

DEbate oo the Choice of a Speaker —— i

S Return of Coventry 13

Speech 24

Debate on the Addrefe 2$, 73

—■ on the Supply <7, 79, 133,

503, 315

" on the Suspension of the Habeas Corpus A 6k58, 76

Report of the Commissioners for examining the public Accounts 62 Account of the grois and nett Produce of the Land-tax, for the lall four Years, from 1774 to 1777 inclusive.

Account of what Arrears of Land-tax were Handing out at Lady-day 1779; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain.

Dispute at St. Martin’s 77

Complaint of the Refolres of the Westminster Committee 82 Oakbampton Petition 93

Motion for the Land Tax 94

Debate on the Motion for enabling all Persons in the Commission of the Peace to act in the suppression of Riots ibid

Abstract of the Bill 96

Petition on the Coventry Election

e /r A7’ "6

Debate on Stafford Petition 102

Debate on the Motion for Thanks to the late Speaker 103

Letter from Admiral Rodney to the late Speaker 120

First Report of the Commissionen for examining the public Accounts ib. Lift of the Returns made by the Receivers General of the Land Tax to the Cofiumffiontrj of Account! 126

ENTS

THE

VOLUME.

Examinations of George Rose, John Fordyce, William Mitford, Tho. Allen, T. W. Partington, G. Row-ley, Goulfton Bruere, Richard Pa-ton, R. Richardson, Thomas Ball, and G. L. Scott 127, &c»

Account of the Sums total in the Hands of the several Receivers General of the Land Tax 148 the Arrears and Defaulters of the Land and Window Duties, for twenty Years preceding 1777 1 ibid'

Return by the Commissioners of Ex* cife, to the Order of the Commissioners of Accounts 159

Debate on the Number of Forces under the Command of Gen. Clinton

Thanks to Earl Cornwallis, See, 163 Debate on Navy Estimates 202, 232 — - the Motion for the Sentence of the Court-martial, on the Trial of Sir Hugh Palliser, to be laid before the House 237

Jamaica Petition 240

Barbadoes Petition 242, 256

Petition of -the City of London for the Relief of the West India Islandt

244

Speeches of Gen. Smith, Lord N01 th, and Mr. Boughton Rose on East India Affairs 23 c

State of the British Forces in North A'merica, 1779 261

Account of the Men loft and disabled in America 263

Totals of Embarkation Returns 266 ——- all the Men raised in Great Britain and Ireland, for his Majes-tv’s Land Forces from 1774 to ij%o 26%

Total

CONTENTS.

Total of the Number of Men who have died in actual Service in his Majesty’s Navy since Jan. 1.-1776

269

■ .... of the Men raised for his

Majety’» Navy from 17741017$

270

Second Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine and Rate the Public Accounts ib.

Lift of the Public Offices where Money is received for Taxes or Duties 277

Account of the Public Money in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Cuftems H>.

Examinations of J.Powel, A. Blink-horn, J. Dugdale, J. Lloyd, Mil-ward Rowe, John Elliot, J. Turner, and J©:»n Marshall 2 So, &c.

Account of Receipts and Payments by R# Trevor, Receiver General of the Post Office 287

Examinations of R. Trevor, W. Fauquier, W* Ward, E. Mu lio, and John Bacon 288, See.

Money received by Edward Mijlfo, Esq. Receiver of tho first Fruits

292

Examination of R. Chester, Esq* ib. Account of the Tenths of the Clergy, which have been received in the 12 Years la ft past, coding at Chfift-mas 1779 293

Examination of T. Aftle, Esq. Receiver General of Sixpence in the Pound onr Pensions. 293

Account of Monies received and paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer, by T. Allen, Esq. Receiver General of the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound 296

Examination of R. Carter, Esq. Receiver of the Deductions of One Shilling in the Pound on Offices and Pensions 303

Account of all the Public Monies received and paid by R. Carter, Esq.

3°4

r -i' p the Net Produce of the Revenues of the Post Office, from, 1708101713 ‘305

Account of the weekly Balances of the Revenue of the Post Office, for one quarter* ending October lorh, 1780 ibid

■ of the quarterly Balances of the Post Office, upon the four quarters, ending October 10, 1780

306

—. of the gross Receipts, &c. of the Duties arising from Stamp, Salt, &c.j for one Year 307

Examination of E. Naiffi, Esq. At-fistant Secretary to the Tax Office

308

Account of the Number of Hoyfes chargeable to the Duties on Housea and windows ibid

. Manift fto against the Dutch, and all the Papers relating to the fame 315 Debate on the Adorefs to his Majesty, on the Rupture with Hoi-land 345

Debate on the Motion for an Account of Letters of Marque to be laid before the House 3 75

Mr, Eft wick {hanks the Hoqfe for the Relief granted to the Bland of Barbadoes 378

The Thanks of the House to Sir F.

Norton, late Speaker 379

Debate on Sir H?gh Pal lifer’s appointment to the government of Greenwich Hotpjtal. ibid

- on the Mutiny Bill 433

5^8,

- — on East lnd}a Affairs 434 Copies of East India Petirions 438 Account of the Sums laid out on the

, Extra of the Navy from Dec.

1779 to Dec. 1780 472

Debate respecting the non attendant Members v 480

Debate on Mr. Burke’s bill 482 Abstract of a Bill for uniting Wales

&«. 4^9

—t— on the first. reading of Mr.; Burke’s Rill 507

- - on the Motion for an Account

of the Nqmber and Force of Admiral Darby’s Squadron to be laid before the House 509

1— on the Ilchester Petition 520

THE

HISTORY

OF THE

Proceedings and Debates

or the FIRST SESSION of the

HOUSE of COMMONS,

Fifteenth Parliament of

Appointed to meet at W*ftm\njkr, oa Tu<fday9 the 31ft day October, 1780.

THE new writs having having been made returnable on the 31st of October, 170Q, about three hundred members met this day in the rooms adjoining to the House of Commons, and a considerable number of them having been sworn by the Lord Steward, the King went to the House of Lords about three o’clock, arid sent the ulher of the black rod to the Commons, commanding their attendance in the House of Lords. When the gentlemen were come to the Lords!* bar, the Lord Chancellor [Lord Thuriow] said to them, " His Majesty has been pleased to command me to acquaint you,' that he will defer declaring the causes of calling this Parliament until there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons.. And therefore it is his Majesty’s pleasure, that you, gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair ' to the place where the Commons usually fit, and there chuse a fit person to be be your speaker; and that you present such person who shall be so chosen, to his Majesty here, for his royal approbation, tomorrow at two o’clock.’*

Extra# from Elfyngc’s Antient method and manner of holding Parliaments in England.

After relating the form used in chusing a speaker (which is the same as that observed at present) he fays,

M Here may be two questions moved,

" 1. Whether the Commons might chuse their speaker, if the King commands them not

OF T ft

Accor

You XVIIL

u 2* Whether

a PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780,

Accordingly the Commons returned to their own Hqufe, ^nd Mr. Hatfell, one of the clerks of parliament, having t^ken his feat at the table, and the members who were sworn having taken their feats in their turns,

Lord

•* i. Whether the election be in their own absolute choice

" For, to clear these two we might view the antient records; those of Richard II. arc the first that mention their speaker.

" It doth not appear by any of them, that the Commons had ever any such commandment to chuse their speaker, neither is a word of ft in any record of Edward III. which have the fpccches at large, touching > the summons, most of them concluding with a charge of the Commons

to consider and advise amongst themselves, but nothing touching the election of a speaker.

" Yet out of doubt they did first chuse their speaker, before they entered into any debate of charge.

5* The first charge to chuse their speaker is in anno 2, Henry IV. and it is continued until this day.

But as touching the second question, surely the election of the speaker was antiently free to the Commons, to chuse whom they would of their own House; which appears in this, that the King never reje£led any wfiom they made chpice of."

Thusfar Elfynge.

Had Mr. Ellynge lived until the year 1678, he would have ft ruck out his last assertion, viz. " that the King never rejected any whom they made choice of." In the parliamentary books and papers of the year 1678, there appears to have been a ft tong debate, on the King rejecting a speaker chosen by the Commons.

A new parliament met on the 6th of March, 1678, and the Commons being (in the usual manner) commanded by the King to chuse a speaker, they returned from the House of Lords to their own House, Col* Bfreb. when Colottcl Birch role, and recommended the right honourable Edward Seymour (who was speaker of the last parliament) for his great ability and long experience in the employment, as the fitted person for so great a trust.

The motion was agreed to, and Sir Edward Seymour was presented for his Majesty’s approbation. As fbon as he was at the Lords’ bar, the Lord Chancellor said to him, " That if his Majesty should al-

ways accept a person pitched upon by the House of Commons,

then it would be no great favour to be chosen speaker; and there- fore his Majesty being the heft judge of persons and things, thought fit to except against Mr. Seymour, without giving any reasons to " the perfims chusing, or the person chosen." And therefore he ordered them to fix upon some other person by tomorrow morning, to be presented to the King for his approbation.

Sir J, gin* The Commons returned to their own House, when Sir John Ernlcy, Uy. chancellor of the exchequer, flood up and acquainted them, 41 Hp

had orders from his Majesty to recommend Sir Thomas Meers to flush to be their speaker.

Mr*

Aa iy$o, DEBASES. 3

Lord George Germain rose, and addressing himself to Mr. id. George Hatfell, said the business first to be proceeded upon, was that which his Majesty had been pleased to dire<5l, which was the choice of a speaker. His Lordship then descanted for a short time on the duties of a speaker, and the necessary qualifications for executing the office. He said, to be capable of filling the chair with dignity, the person proposed must understand the constitution of the state, be well acquainted with the law of

Mr. Sacheiierci said it was never knoWrt that a person should be ex- Mr. Sack-cepted against, and no reason given. It i's done to gratify feme particular person.

Mr. Williams. This seems to be a qlieftibri of right. For above an Mr. WU» hundred years past it has not been known that any speaker was ever* *18* excepted against. The thing itself of presenting him to the King is but a bare compliment. If we suffer this, we shall be put upon daily.

Sir Thomas Clarges. There were parliaments long before there were Sir

Jtakers chosen; and afterwards, for the ease of the House, among emselves they pitched upon a speaker*

, Mr. Garra’way. If you admit this, you would admit any thing! Mr. Gan a* If Mr. Seymour be rejected from being speaker, pray who must chufe®'*?* the speaker, the King or us ? It is plain, not us.

Sir Thomas Lee. To except against a speaker without giving a reason, Sir is. to do a thing that may set us together by the ears; and then they [meaning those who advised the King to rejc& the speaker] have their designed end. But I shall not content to part with the least right that belongs to my country, for which I am chosen a representative.

Colonel Birch. He that advised this, will readily advilc more, 1*11 Col. Birch. warrant you.

Mr. PoTvle. This ill advice must proceed from some who are too Mr. near the King. But 1 hope there is not a man here fearful of speaking his mind freely, in favour of those whom he represents, nor yet afraid of being dilTolved, if it be to-mofrow, for maintaining the right of those who chufc us to fit here for them.

The House adjourned till next day, and presented a representaiion to the King, setting forth their right to a free election of a speaker, and hoped his Majesty would accept of the choice they had before made. The King answered, " All this is but loss of time; and M therefore I desire you to go back agaia, and do as I have directed " you.*' They presented a l'econd address, shorter but (harper than the first. Upon reading this address, the King said, Gentlemen, t

will fend you an answer tomorrow.* Accordingly, as he had often done before upon great difficulties, he resolved to put an end to the dispute; and on the next morning, Thursday the 13th of March, he came to the House of Peers, and prorogued the Parliament until the Saturday following. Thus ended the first session of the new parliament; and thus the King found a way to gain his point; for on the 15th of March, being the first day of the second fession, William Gregory, cfq. serjeant at law, was chosen speaker.

B a the

4

PARLIAMENTARY A. *7*

the land, and, above all, be perfectly niafter of ther law of par-Lament. He must have a zealous attachment to- the rights, and privileges of the Commons of England, and a sufficient degree of ability and integrity to support, maintain, and defend them; he must be diligent without being precipitate* and firm and decisive without being arbitrary or rash; and that, which he considered as a speakeris most*important duty, was his conducing himself with the strictest impartiality on every occasion.

'• The late worthy speaker*his Lotdship remarked, had, for nearly two Parliaments, gone through the duties, of his high office, with great honour, great diligence, and great dignity the office, he said* was a very laborious one, and required fuH* health and vigour; the right honourable gentleman who last filled the chair, when he was first elected to that high situation, was in pefleffiqn of every qualification both of body and mind, which the duties of the office called for; but the House had, unhappily for the right honourable gentleman, and unhappily for the public, been witnessesrin the course of the very last fession, that the right honourable gentleman's constitution was much impaired. It would, therefore, neither be decent in him, nor would it become the House, to fhevr so little gratitude and respect to the right honourable gentle*-man for hisnSmy and acknowledged services, were he to propose, or they to adopt thoproposition for putting that gentleman again into a situation, the fatigues of which weretoo heavy a burthen to be imposed on him, considering hie precarious, state of health. For that reason, and fromthat consideration-only, it was that he had turned his mind to another gentle- man, and meant to conclude what he-had to say with a motion, proposing that gentleman to fill the chair. His Lordfoip trusted that when he named Mr. Cornwall, all those who had fat in former Parliaments would think he named a gentleman possessed of those qualifications which were requisite for the due execution, of the duties of the chair. Mr. Cornwall, before he came into that House, had done his country eflbntial forvice, and acquired great personal honour by the very able* and active share he took in the adjustment of some public accounts, submitte&to the investigation of certain perfotis commissioned for that purpose : Mr;. Cornwall had also fat several years in Parliament, was weir acquainted with the law of the land, the law ofParfi ament, and alPthe forms, orders, and rules of proceeding peculiar to that House; he therefore flattered himself that it would not be thought, that he made an. improper motion, or a motion likely to challenge much objection when he moved, " That Mr. Cornwall be elected Speaker.’*

A. 17S0. DEBATES. 5

Right Hon. WdUrt Ellisrofe to second the motion, and *<>"-(aid, that although the noblp Lord by so hilly Rating to the £JU House the duties of the office, the qualifications requisite for the person chpien to fill the chair, and the praises due to the late worthy speaker, had left him little to say, he could not confident withhisrefpeH to that right honourable gentleman, his duty to the House, and his regard for the gentleman who made the subject of the motion, content himself with merely seconding the motion. Mr. Ellis, after thisexordium, went into a discussion of the subject, under the three heads ofi the nature and importance of the office itself, the compliments and thumbs merited by Sir Fletcher Norton for his able dischjLtge of it, while he held it, and the reasons for expecttng tfiat Mr. Cornwall would prove capable of filling it to the satisfaction of the House and to his own honour* With regard to the firA, he said it was an office of considerable dignity, and of great emolument; that the duties of it were laborious, and he that filled it mu A expect to be in some degree: a sufferer, in proportion to the good the House and the public derived from the exercUe of his talents and the conAant employment of his mind. This fort of exchange of he&lthand honour, he observed, no elevated situation was free from, aixk therefore, though he sincerely lamented, that the late speaker should laA fession have had occasion to complain of the im-pre&on made upon hie conAitution by the fatigues of his situation, he could not but own, he considered. it as a natural cooiequence, and as R was a proof that his country was the more indebted *0the honourable gentleman for his ferviees, he thought it necessary, now an opportunity offered, to afford him the relief the House had in its power, by choosing another speaker. Considering the very critical situation of public affairs, he said, there would undoubtedly be many debates iis that House, and possibly there might arise much contention;. the person to be elected speaker, ought therefore, exclusiver of a competent share of knowledge of the common law", and the law of parliament, to possess temper to allay heats, prudence to prevent irregularities, and spirit and firmness to re-profs the rising Aorms of passion and conteA. With this view it was that he looked upon Mr. Cornwall as a proper successor to Sir Fletcher Norton; nor couldhe give that gentleman better advice than to let the conduit of the late speaker be his model, if the House should honour him so far as to fi^at him in the chair.

Mr. Dunning epcpressed his aAonishment, that the noble Mr. £w: Lord nor him [He fat on the treasury bench, next but one""*-to Lord North.] had not risen, and saved him the trouble of proposing the late speaker to continue in the chair. He was,.

6

Parliamentary a. r?8dv

he said, exceedingly surprized, on coming down to the House, to hear that it was generally understood within those walls, -that Mr. Cornwall was to be speaker. There was no gen-! tleman for whom he had a higher regard, nor for whose abili-; ties he had more respe&; and if the chair had been in the fair and ordinary fcnfe of the word, vacant* the propofitioiv of Mr. Cornewall (as that gentleman, he trofted, well knew) would not have met with the fmaileft objection from him; on the contrary, he would readily have given it his support*: such as it was; but at a time, when, in ta£l and truth, there was no vacancy, when Sir Fletcher Norton, the late speaker, was in the House, and to all appearance as capable of executing the duties of the office, as much to the satisfo&ion of the House, and as much to the honour of himself a9 ever, and no man could execute the duties of it more satisfactorily nor more honourably, it struck him as the most singular of all measures, to conrefs, as the noble Lord who madetne motion, and the honourable gentleman who seconded it, had done, that the late speaker was the properest and most able of all persons to fill the chair with dignity, and in the very moment of making that confession, for the noble Lord and the honourable gentleman to propose another candidate. He had expected, when the had health of Sir Fletcher Norton was talked of, and urged as a ground for not continuing him in the chair, that either the noble Lord, or the honourable gentleman who 1‘poke last, would have stated to the House that Sir Fletcher Norton had formerly applied to them, declaring his desire to resign the' chair, ana assigning as a reason for las lo doing, that his health was in that impaired state, in which the noble Lord and the honourable gentleman had both declared it to be, although every man in the House could fee, that if appearances w ere to be relied on, or if assurances were to be believed, Sir Fletcher Norton was as well, as fully in health, and as fully capable of going through the duties of the* office,’ as ever he had been fmce he was first chosen to hi!' the chair, which had received so much dignity from its being occupied by a perfort perhaps qualified to fill it, mote to the general satisfaction, with more accomodation to the business of Parliament, and more to his own honour, than any other member of that House. Mr* Dunning mentioned the happiness he had experienced in a long and intimate acquaintance with Sir Fletcher, and spoke of his character in terms of the warmest eulogy. He concluded his speech with moving, ♦‘ that Sir Fletcher Norton be continued speaker"

Right Hon. T. Townshend and Sir Fletcher Norton rose together, bat the former continuing on his legs, he was heard -first. 1

A* 1780* DEBATES 7

Mr. Townflend began with apologizing for the seeming Mr-rudeness of his conduct in persevering in his endeavours to be heard before Sir Fletcher Norton, declaring that as he meant to second the motion just made by his honourable and / learned friend, he thought it more regular to do it, previous to the right honourable gentleman’s dropping any, thing on the subject, than afterwards. He then warmly ex-populated with the noble Lord who made the Arft motion, on the Angularity of it, and objected to Mr. Cornwall, as an improper person to All the chair, were there any vacancy.

He said he was, on the Arft view of the question then to be difeuffed, somewhat distressed for fear it might be conAdered as a perforial one, and that, in consequence, any thing he might wish to offer, should be attributed to views very so*

Tcign from those with which he looked at the subjc&, and be deemed personal. He was happy, however, to And, that it would not be so conAdered, and as he meant to give no personal offence to any one, and least of all to the gentleman who was made the object of the motion offered by the noble Lord, he would according to his custom speak out plainly and unreservedly. It had in former times, he observed, been always customary to see the chair of the House of Commons filled by men who were independent, and men who represented either a large county, or foine neighbouring borough. Mr.

Onslow was no placeman. Mr. Cornwall held an office under the crown, disposable at the pleafare of the Crown, and Mr.

Cornwall was the representative of one of the Cinque Ports.

The Cinque Ports, he was free to own, had as much right to have their member speaker of the House of Commons, as any other place which sent members, but he could not disguise his feeliogs, andmuft own he wished the person chosen speaker, was not a member for one of the Cinque Ports. The Cinque Ports, as the late eleCf ions had shewn, were not allowed a free choice of their representatives; these were objections which might appear flight and trivial to other men, but they (truck him very forcibly. The office of speaker ought to be Ailed by a person free from all influence of the Crown. It w*as the Arft duty of the speaker to guard the rights and privileges of the people, against the increased and increaAng influence of the Crown. Was Mr. Cornwall, a placeman at pleasure, a penAoner, and a representative of one of the Cinque Ports, a At guardian for the privileges of the people ? And afrer all, why was there to be a new speaker ? It was confelled, even by those who proposed Mr. Cornwall, that no mfcn could discharge the duties of the chair more satisfactorily, or with more dignity than $ir Fletcher Norton. Why then I chan&p

le

s

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S&.

change him, and appoint a successor ? The noble Lord and the honourable gentleman who seconded the motion, had both talked of his illftate of health, and the latter had been particularly diffuse in his praise; Good God I if Sir Fletcher Norton was so worthy, why dismiss him from the chair ? But there was another reason, a reafod, Which neither the noble Lord, nor the honourable gentleman, though they had .both of them expressed their wish, that every speaker should discharge his duty with impartiality, had thought proper to hint at. This lurking reason originated in Sir Fletcher Norton’s having exercised that very impartiality, which was so much enforced both by the noble motion-maker and the person who seconded it, it was this : Sir Fletcher Norton had made a speech on a memorable occasion, which did him the highest honour; a speech, which proved his impartiality, as a speaker, his zeal for his country, his feeling for the national distresses under which Great Britain laboured. That .was the reason, that was the cause of the present attempt to disgrace and intuit the late speaker; and as it was unmanly and illiberal, he trusted every member, young and old, those who fat in the old Parliament, and those who were newly cho-Jen, would feel properly on the occasion, and join with hint in supporting the motion of his honomable and learned friend, which he begged leave to second.

Sir Fkuher Sir Fletcher Norton iaid, he had risen before, in order to

*tm. save the House trouble, and tell them that he had come down with his mind made up to the business of the day, and with a full resolution not to go into the chair again on any confederation. When he was first cholen speaker, he said, he brought into the chair a hale constitution, and such poor abilities, as heaven had been pleased to bestow upon him, were in their fulled vigour. The very great and increased duties of the office, had, as the House must haiXe witnessed, impaired his constitution materially, and he feared, had weakened his intellefls; his advanced years, as might naturally be supposed not enabling him to refill the forefc of his disorder, but rather giving way to it. As a proof of what he had said, the public business had, he observed, in the course of the last session, been twice interrupted, solely on the account of his infirmities; he had then intimated a desire to resign, and his family knew that had the Parliament fat another sessions, it was his resolution to ask leave of the House to quit the chair, and resign it to some more healthy successor. He therefore thanked his honourable and learned friend, for the high opinion he entertained of him, and for the motion he had made to reinftatd him, but he must beg leave to decline acceding to that proportion*

A. 178a DEBATES.

petition. If he was. so happy as to be honoured with an election, his returning to the chair would appear, strange to the public; it would be asked, why a man, confessedly too. infirm for the office would undertake it? and some persons perhaps would be ill-natured enough to (ay, that lie was ready to receive the emoluments, though not equal to the discharge of the duties of the place. Under these circumstances he muil repeat, that it was. his determination to decline all thoughts of it, and to assure the House, that though he had fat in the chair for nearly two Parliaments, and though his health was very greatly impaired, in consequence of the fatigue of public bufi^ ness, his fortune was not bettered. He was happy in ieeing so many members of the late Parliament present, and took that opportunity of returning his roost grateful thanks for all their goodness to him, the impression of which was his chief happiness, and could never be erased from his mind. He begged leave also to thank the noble Lord who made the motion for the election of a new speaker, and his honourable friend (if he would allow him to call him so) who seconded it, for the many handsome things they had said of him; but he should be an ideot indeed, if he could possibly imagine he merited such compliments, or that his state of health, of which none of the King’s ministers had ever received the smallest intimation from him, was the real cause of their moVf iag for a new speaker, without saying a word upon the subject previously to him. Every man, he was sure, who had the Icaft pretensions to understanding, went before him in feeling, that a consideration of his state of health was not the truei motive for the present measure. In the course of the last fession, when his ill health obliged him to put a temporary flop to the public business, he had, contrary to the advice of his physicians, and at the peril of his life, come down to that House in order to dispatch the .affairs then under consideration. He had, when aln&oft overwhelmed with infirmity, struggled hard to forward the business of Parliament, and he had done so at the particular instance of those, who now moved to have another gentleman appointed speaker. This, he said, was usage he did not expert, and he, thought he had a right to other and very different treatment. With regard to the gentleman who was the object of the pable Lord’s motion,; no man thought more highly of his integrity and his abilities than he did; he ftncefely hoped neither the abilities of the honourable gentleman, nor his qualifications to fill the chair, aight be mentioned in comparison with such abilities and You XVJ1L C such

1

*9

PARLIAMENTARY A- 1780.

ft»ch qualifications, as nature had bestowed upon him, because, if they were, he was confident, he should be a confide rable sufferer. He approved of that gentleman fully, but a<fbe House miifl be before-hand with him in seeing^ through the fallacy of the realons stated by the noble Lord, as the grounds of the motion, and as it was an insult to the undemanding of every gentleman present, to pretend, that an anxiety for his health was the real cause, for moving that another speaker jtfight be.chosen, he called upon the noble Lord and upon his hon -ur *ble friend to tell him, why he was thus disgracefully dismissed ? If his conduct in the chair had been objectionable, jf it had been criminal, let the criminality be fully known, and let exemplary punishment follow, if there could be any punishment more severe than public diferace. He should be content, when the fa& was undifgutfedfly acknowledged, and his offence publicly urged; and he could not but til ink, he had a claim upon the noble Lord and his honourable friend, for this explanation; an explanation which he pressed for the more earnestly, because he did aflurfc the House, upon his honour, that though he had been in town three days, he had never been asked whether his health would enable him to continue in the chair (should the Hmife approve of his continuing there) nor had he been applied to, either direct, or in-direct, on the fabjeft of choosing a new speaker,

Mr. F$x. Mr. Foxftrongly arraigned the ministry for having made it a system, during their continuance in office, to disgrace every dignified character in the kingdom, and especially to insult and vilify those men whose coflduft the House of Commons approved. He gave as instances, the treatment of his honourable relation [ Admiral* Keppel] and the* treatment of the late speaker. He paid Sir Fletcher Norton the hii>h-eft compliments, and laid, the real and the pretended cause for removing him from the chair, reminded him of a former debate in the last Parliament, when a noble Lord had mentioned, that the German flates, in their treaties and public a£h, always made a distinction between the ratio and the

ratio jufiifica. In the present case, the ratio fuaforia was an obvious fallacy, and the ratio juflific* the worn that Could possibly be urged. The noble Lord who made the motion had filled his speech with empty compliments on Sir Fletcher Norton, and after asserting that he was the ablest man the House could choose to fit in the chair, had Concluded his address with moving, that another gentleman might be elc&ed %q fijl it j and the honourable gentleman who seconded the

OKKion,

A» 17*0. DEBATES.

motion, bad recommended it to the gentleman moved for, Sit Fletcher Norton* successor, to copy the example of 8*r Fletcher Norton, telling him in the mod plain, positive, and direct terms, th^t his only chance of making a good (beaker* feted on his implicitly following the model of Fletcher Norton. M Good God! said Mr. Fox, what pitiful shifts, what shallow arguments are the prefeot ministry reductid to, when they come down to the House of > Commons, and tell as that Our late (peaker is the ablest man in the world, die fitted to fill the chair, and in the fame breath, beg ns to choose another gentleman, (\ eaker! And why ? Not because it is pretended that Mf. Cornwall is superior in abili-lity to Sir Fletcher Norton, it is not even feid that he is equal, bot bocause, if he copies Sir Fletcher Norton’s conduct, he may possibly discharge the duties of the chair with satisfae-tion to the House, and credit to himself ! Would any other let of men in this or any other kingdom, grasp at a copy, merely because it may prove a tolerable one, when they can hahe me original ? Sir Fletcher Norton, from any thing he has laid This day, does not apppear unqualified to take the chair; he k m good health now, and when, unhappily for his family and the public, he feels a relapse, it will then be sufficiently early to talk of a successor. Certainly to appoint one at thi*> period, and under these circumstances, is not whhOot a precedent, but it is extremely unusual, and therefore becomes fingolar. What will people without doors think? What will •the work) say ? Will they not take this measure as an HI omen, as a bad beginning of the new Parliament? Will they not* fee, that all the noble Lord in the blue ribbon said last year, on the subject of the late speaker’s health, all hTs pathos, all his expressions of tendernefe, which every body-at that time, the greatest part of the House however, sincerely sympa-tfuzed in, were nothing but empty words, compliments without meaning arid professions without foundation ! Will they not fey, that the true cause of -such unparalleled ill treatment, is that speech alluded to by ray honourable friend ? 'a ipeech which di5d Sir Fletcher Norton the highefi bonouT, and which was a noble and manly proof of his true regard for his country, and his feeling for her distresses. I desire, if 1 am in under, that the clerk may read the thanks of the House to the ipeaker, which wereulmost unanimously resolvedon that ©c-casion, and they will fee the baseness of this attefr.pt to disgrace a man whom the House has honoured. Let them add to the hnprtffion, the pr-efent <Sendu& of mimflers. Sir Fletcher Norton feels himself insulted; heccmplains of the infulr,

C % and

:12 PARLIAMENTARY, A. 17^.

and he demands, honestly demands to know the eause ! Da ministers answer him ? Does the noble Lord in the blue ribbon speak out, and fairly avow the cause of his removal ? No, He shifts his head in some fort out of the collar, ho gets a colleague to make the motion for the dismission of a man, who had rendered hiuifelf offensive to him, bechufe he npbly and manfully flood up for the people, and declared what afterwards appeared to be the fcnfeof the House of Commons, €< that the influence of the crown had increased,

" was increasing, and ought to be dirainished and when he now appeals to the minister to avow his offence, and flare the part of his condufl, which had induced this attempt to disgrace him, the noble Lord takes refuge in a cowardly silence. Mr. Fox continued speaking some time longer with his usual asperity and ability.

Mr. Ratjell* Mr. Hatfell then read from the Journals the,entry of the f 9th of May 1777, containing the thanks of the House to uie Speaker, for his speech to the King from the bar of the House of Lords, on his Majestyrs giving his royal assent to the bill for the better support of his Majesty’s household.

Mr. ging. Mr. Byng in a short speech condemned the motion made by the noble Lord, as an insult to the late speaker, and complained of the last parliament’s having been diflfolved but two days after Sir Fletcher Norton let out for Yorkshire, without the least previous intimation being given to him of any such design; though he was the representative of a borough lb near town as Guildford. He also mentioned the rudenels of the ' Minister’g telling all his friends who attended sit the place called the Cockpit, of the intention of moving, that Mr. Cornwall might be defied speaker, without giving the fmal-lefl intimation of such an intention to Sir Fletcher Norton.

Mt, Comt- Mr. Cornwall said, that if the, House thought proper ta

elefl him to the chair, he should exert his endeavours to give them satisfaction; but that he icould not bring bimfdf to think it would be in his power to come near thepartial expectations of the noble Lord who- made the motion, the honourable gentleman who seconded it, or his learned friends. He concluded with observing, that with regard to the subject under difeuflion, it would be improper for him to say a syllable upon it; he should therefore fit down, fubroitting the whole businesst© thewifdora and judgment of the House.

After a momentary pause,

Sir Flitcbtr Sir Fletcherrofe again, and declared, if any thing could

jVdr/*»* induce him to accept the chair again—-be begged pardon for the

A. 1780. DEBATES. r3

the expression—to aspire to it, it would be the contempt with which he was treated. He thought he had a right to an explanation from the noble Lord who made the motion, or from the honourable gentleman who leconded it. If it was his conduit lad leilion that had rendered him obnoxious* let them la ylo, and he should be content. He never would speak in that i4oufe, but as he thought; and as he was conscious that every man mud abide by the consequences of his conduit, he cared not what issue followed his conduit, but he surely had a right to complain of 1‘uch usage, and if neither the noble Lord nor the honourable gentleman would favour him with the explanation, he called for, he should leave the whole to the judgment of the House, who, he was sure would put a true conltrultion upon the treatment he had received, and the silence of minftters rel'pelling it.

Mr. Eliis declared, that he conceived every member had an Mr. undoubted right to vote for a new speaker as he thought proper^ that he had no intention either to intuit or difgraoe Sir Fletcher Norton, of whom he had before spoken his fin-cere opinion, but that the public good was the great director of his vote, and he did not think, after the alarming fiate of the late speaker’s health lad fession, that it was either respect-ful to him, or confident with the public good, to put him again in the chair; but that it was better to choose a speaker of frelber health, and who, from his time of life, had more vigour, and was better able to encounter and luftain the fatigues of the office.

Lord Mahon said, possibly it might be supposed that noperfon Lord M*bm who had not been a member of the lad Parliament, was qualified to speak to the quftion; but though he was newly come within those walls, lie could not content to give a silent vote on the present occasion. His duty to his country and his own feelings forbade it. His Lordship then made an energetic enlogitun on the virtues and the integrity of Sir Fletcher Norton, advising the noble Lord who made the motion, to leave the late speaker’s health to the late speakerrs own care, and delaring that he would oppose the motion, if there were i)o other reason for his doing lb, merely because it was made by a member of administration; that administrajtion, whose baleful xneai’ures bad loaded their country with disgrace and didrefe, had abridged the inheritance of the Prince of Wales, and entailed ruin 00 the house of Hanover! Before his Lordship fate down, he menaced the treasury bench with a threat to oppose every mca&ire they fuggtded.

.4

14

Mr. Ri^ly.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

Mr. JRigby said, he not rife to advert totany thing let faU by the noble Lord who fpol^e last, because the question was not now, how to dispose of the ministry; when the miaiftry were to be pulled down, and th?t Was the consideration of the House, he did not doubt but the noble Lord would assist in the work, as indeed he was bound in honour to do. Nor did he rife to talk of the late speaker’s good or ill health, as neither the one nor the other was, as far as he saw, a part of the prefenr question. The House -had a motion before them for the election of a* speaker, to which office the motion recommended Mr. Cornwall, and to that motion he meant to speak. This he said was the very first debate in which he had heard it afierted, that there was any thing of insult, disgrace, or contempt to any man, in appointing a speaker, or that any gentleman was either to be called on, or expected to date his reasons why he recommended, or why he voted for this or that particular candidate. He had always understood that when a new Parliament was summoned, every individual member had a right to give his vote as he pleated for a new speaker, and he defied the moll learned in the law to prove, that it was any part of the constitutional law of Parliament, that when a member was once eiefted to the chair of the House, he was to fit there just as long as he pleated, unless fomc charge of criminality could be made out against him. He had fat in that House a great many years, having been sent to Parliament when he wks only twenty-two years of age, and he had seen several speakers chosen, but never before heard fjuch d oft lines broached, as he had heard that day. With regard to the vote of thanks to Sir Fletcher Norton, Tead from the Journals of 1777, be had at that time expressed his disapprobation of it, and of the speech which occasioned it; he thought then that the speaker went too far, that he was not warranted to make such an add refs to the throne, and that it was flying in the King’s face, and he thought the fame now.

[A cryyto Order, to Order/] He infilled upon it, he was /not .disorderly in what he had laid, he had a right to (peak of the last Parliament. He could not, he said, but remark the particular epoch, when the late speaker became the great favourite of those who Were this day lo loud in his praise. It had been hintedat by a learned gentleman near him [Mr.Dunning] and more directly alluded to by his honourable friend oppofire f Mr. Fox]. The epoch was no other than the period at which the late speaker joined those gentlemen, and voted, as they termed it, with the House of Couhikous.. Let the gentlemen

A* 1780. DEBATE 8.

remember, however, that towards the close of the last fefKon, the House of Commons altered its opinion and its decisions.

A great deal had been said about the conduit of Sir Fletcher Nortoo, while speaker ;perhaps he did not perfectly coincide in all that had been urged on that topic; and for this, and other reasons, not fit to be given in that Housey was disposed to support the nomination of Mr. Cornwall, for whom he should certainly vote. He observed, that only two matters were urged against the appointment of Mr. Cornwall as objections, and those were, Eis representing a Cinque Port, and his being a placeman.' With regard to the latter, an honourable friend of his had mentioned Mr. Onslow, but he had forgot that Mr. Onslow was for some years Treasurer of the Na-f vy, a much better place than that held by Mr. pornwall, and therefore more desirable ! Why Mr. Onslow'loft that place, was a matter which his honourable friend would, perhaps, rather talk over with him in private. As to Mr. Cornwall’s reprefinting a Cinque Port, that was to him a very extraordinary objection indeed, and he believed it was the first time it had ever been brought forward in the fh&pe of an objection.

He had always understood that there was no local representation within those walls, and that gentlemen were to consider themselves in a different light while they were in the House. He, for instance, was choien for the town of Tavistock, but while he was then speak.ing, he considered himself as the repre- -tentative of the people of England, and this idea, he had always understood to be the true constitutional idea of the House of Commons. In this view therefore the baron of a Cinque Port, and the member for Old Sarum, was either of them as eligible to the chair as the member for the county of York. Grantham was the place which sent Sir John Cust to Parliament, but it was never talked of as a plea of eligibility or ineligibility, when Sir John Cust was recommended to the chair. Why'then start the objection now? The coQdu& of Sit Fletcher Norton had been loudly applauded, and yet it might not strike every gentleman as it did those who had been so lavish in delivering its eulogy. One part of his conduit had often appeared to him extremely wrong, and that was, his relaxation of the rules of proceeding with the ordinary business of the Hdufe, and His want of ftriltness in observ ing cider, and keeping gentlemen within due bounds. This he had spoken of to the late speaker more than once, and he hoped it Would be a main objelfc of Mr. Cornwall’s attention $0 reftpre Parliament to its dignity, by restoring a strict obfer-

vance

le

PARLIAMENT ART A. 1780.

vance of all the forms of the House. He remembered Mr, Onslow was remarkable for an opposite conduct, and was said to have too much buckram in his manner, (to use a familiar phrase). The younger part of the House complained, that he carried matters with rather too high a hand; the fact however was, the House had then more digmity, its .proceedings were more grave and solemn, and people without doors treated it more respe&fully., than they had done flnee Sir Fletcher Norton had filled the chair. He did hot mean this as a severe cenfureon the late Speaker, nor did he mean to set up his uoderftahding in competition with that of Sir Flether Norton^ he should be a fool to attempt it; he only mentioned it, because he thought, though Mr, Onslow might be too pompous, the extreme opposite line of coodu& wasinfinitely more liable to be attended with bad consequenoes.. Sir Fletcher Norton’s relaxation in the points he had mentioned, he was aware was ascribable to that large share of good humour and good nature, which ail who knew him, knew he was possessed of, and to his having a more elevated turn of mind, than could de-feend to the observation of such

Much had been thrown out about the influence of the crown,. and the secret reasons for moving to elo£i a new speaker. To him, who was an old member of that House, all that had been laid on that head made not the smallest impression. It might have its effect on younger men, and those who had just entered those walls, but he hail so often heard the fame fort of language from different lets of men on different occasions, that it was thrown away upon him, and as to the mighty fe-cret, the true cause of moving for a new speaker. by one side of the House, and supporting the old speaker by the other, it was reducible to a very Ample fas&, and when put into plain English, and {tripped of the dress of eloquence, and the ornaments of oratory, was no wore than this *: u We’ll vot-e " for you, if you’ll be for us." As to the idea of place* and placemen, that language would never be held, while parties continued, but he should hear it with great indifference^ till he was told that no persons were seeking for places* He voted for mini (try, and fodid others, because he and they thought well of them, at least they knew not where to look for better men to put into their situations; but whenever an admini ft ration could be found out, capable of restoring unanimity to the country, be for one, would most chearfully give »p his place to the suppoxt of such an administration.

Mr*

A. r78o. DEBATES.

Mr. Fox said, that fide of the House did not call the honourable gentleman to order for speaking of the last Parliament, but for using the King’s name; that he hoped the young mem*, bers would now fee, that what the newspapers and the country laid, was true, that the King’s name was, on every occasion, used as a shelter and a screen for ministers. With regaid to the last Parliament, moit certainly, he, for one, was disposed to speak worse of it than the honourable gentleman probably would do; he held it in detection, and h« hoped every roan in England wfould do the fame. Mr. Fox dwelt for some time on the King’s name being brought fore-ward on all occasions, indecently, and said, it was now so hackneyed, that it was heard of at elections. Having pursued this idea, he very, ingeniously turned what Mr. Rigby had said respecting Sir Fletcher Norton’s having too elevated a mind to attend to the minut'ue of parliamentary bufioefs, a-

gainst Mr. Cornwall, arguing that the honourable gentleman had recommended Mr. Cornwall to the House, because he was inferior in uoderstanding to the last speaker.

Sir Edward Aftley said, he should vote for the late speaker, Sir£/w* because he had acquitted himself in the most fair and impar-tial manner.

• The House divided.

For Lord George Germain’s motion 203

For Mr* Dunning’s motion *34

November 1.

The King about two o’clock went to the House of Peers, and being seated on the throne, the Commons were sent for.

When they came up to the bar, Mr. Cornwall, their new elected speaker, addressed the throne in a short speccb, in which he said, that, in consequence of his Majfty’g royal in- dulgence, the Commons had proceeded to the exercise of their ancient and undoubted right, the election of a speaker; that their choice had fallen upon him. He could not refrain from expressing the apprehenuous of his mind, that his abilities were not adequate to the discharge of that weighty and important trust; and therefore he must inti eat his Majesty, that he would give his commands to the Commons to proceed to another election.

The Lord Chancellor said, he had received the commands of his Majesty, to express the confidence which his Majesty"* had of his abilities, knowledge and integrity. He highly approved of the able choice of a speaker which the Commons had Vql. XVIII. D made;

i8

- t

Mr. Com* nogli.

Lord CiaM~

cel Ur.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*0,

made; and it was his Majesty’s pleasure that he ihou!d take upon htm the high and important trust.

. Mr. Cornwall then, in an humble manner, declared, that the befl manner which'he conceived he could take to make his acknowledgments of the high sense which he had of the honour which his Majesty had been pleased to confer upon him* by the confidence and approbation expressed by his Chancellor, would be the most zealous and steady exertion of his abilities, weak as they were, and the truest integrity of heart, in the discharge of the employment.

He mufl intreat for himself, that his Majesty would be pleased to put the most favourable construction on all his words and actions, and honour him with his royal forgive-ness for the frailties and errors of his nature. And he must claim for the House of Commons, in which he was to pre-fide, the continuance of all their ancient rights, privileges and immunities; particularly, that the persons of the members, their oftates, and servants, should be free from arrest and raoleftation that they should enjoy freedom of debate £ and have ready access to his Majestyrs person.

The Lord Chancellor replied, that he was commanded by Ms Majesty to declare, that the* he has small occasion to request the royal indulgence on account of his abilities, yet his Majesty gave him his royal aflurarjee of the most favourable interpretation of his condi&ft; that his Majesty likewise gave his assurance topreserve and confirm, in the most full 'and ample manner, all the ancient privileges, rights and immunities of the House of Commons; and particularly, that the persons of the members, their estates and servants, should be free from arrest and molestation; that they should enjoy pro-t eft ion and freedoo* of speech in their debates; that they. should have free access to his person; and that he should always puttheflDoft favourable construction on all their proceedings* This business being ffcnshed, his Majesty delivered his. speech from the throne to both Houses.

After which the Commons returned to their own House, the mace being carried before the speaker (which it had not been before); and die members took their places. The speaker said to the House, that his Majesty had been pleased to approve of their choice of him as their speaker,. and that he Jiad laid claim by petition to all the ancient privileges, rights and immunities of the House, particularly, that the persons of the members, their estates, and servants, should be free from arrest and molestation; that they should enjoy ' freedom

A. i^o* DEBATES*

freedom of debate, and have free access to his Majesty. He declared that his Majesty had been graciously plea fed to con* firm and continue all their privileges, rights and immunities, in as full and ample a manner, as ever were granted in any time heretofore.

The Speaker now said, he must again intreat them to accept Mr. of his warm thanks for the distinguished confidence which they had reposed in him, and the honour they had conferred in placing him in that chair. He could only add to his former declarations, that the only hope which he had of succeedine in his arduous situation, was in the assistance which he trusted he should receive from every member of the House; and he would ailure them that Zeal, attention, and assiduity, should not be wanting to make up for the weakness and inadequacy of his talents.

Mr, speaker alone, and then the other members present^ took the oaths, and made and subscribed the declaration, and took and subscribed the oath of abjuration, according to the laws made for those purposes; and Mr, speaker, and such of the said members as are by law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an account of dieir qualification, and to' take and subscribe the oath of qualification, delivered in such account, and took and subscribed the said oath, accordingly.

And then die House adjourned till the next morning.

> November,.2.

Several other members present took the oaths, and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an account of theh qualification. And then the House adjourned.

November 3.

The fame. Adjourned to Nov. 6.

November 6.

A bill, for the more effectual preventing chmdeftme outlawries, was read the firil time, and ordered to be read a second time.

Ordered, that the grand committee for religion do fit every Tuesday in the afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, -that the grand committee for grievances do fit every Thursday in the'afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, that the grand committee for courts of justiefc do fit every Saturday in the afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, that the grand committee for trade do fit every Friday in the afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a committee of privileges be appointed.

And a committee was appointed accordingly.

An&they are to meet upon Friday sevennight, at seven of

Da v the

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

the clock in the afternoon, in the (peaker’s chamber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the afternoon; ana .all who come are to nave voices; and they are to take into consideration all such matters as shall or may come in question, touching privileges; and to report their proceedings, with their opinion thereupon,. to the House, from time to time; and the committee are to have power to fend for persons, papers, and records, for their information; and if any thing mall come in question touching the matter of privilege of any member, he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in debate.

Ordered, that all persons who will question any returns of members to serve in Parliament do question the lame within fourteen days next, and so within fourteen days next after any new return shall be brought in; and that all members who are returned for two or more places, do make their election by this day three weeks for which of the places they will serve, provided there be no question upon the return for that place; and if any thing shall come in question touching the return or election of any member, he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in debate; and that all members returned upon double returns do withdraw till their returns are determined.

Resolved, that no peer of this realm hath any right to give his vote in the election of any member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, that where this House shall judge any petition touching elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order satisfaction to be made to the person petitioned against.

Resolved, that, if it shall appear that any person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a member of this House, or endeavoured so to he, by bribery or any other corrupt practices, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such person.

Resolved, that if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any witness, in respect of his evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indiredHy hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing, or giving evidence, the fame is declared to be a high crime and misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost severity against fu<;h offender.

Resolved, that if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence, in any case, before this House, or any committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost severity pgainst such offender.

Resolved» that it is a high infringement of the liberties and

pru

A. 1780. DEBATES.

privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any county, to corn* cem themselves in the elections of members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, that in all cases of controverted elections for counties in England and Wales, the petitioners do, by themselves or by their agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the fitting members, or their agents, lifts of the persons intended by the petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting members; giving, in the said lifts, the several heads of objection, and distinguishing the fame against the names of the voters excepted to; and that the fitting members do, by themselves or by their agents, within the same time, deliver the like lifts, on their part, to the petitioners or their agents.

Ordered, that the serjeant at arms attending this House do from time to time, take into his custody. any stranger or Grangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or gallery, while the House, or any committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no person, so taken into costody, be discharged out of custody without the special or-, der of the House.

Ordered, that the back door of the speaker’s chamber be locked up every morning at the fitting of the House, and the key delivered to the clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any person whatsoever, without order of the House; and that the serjeant at arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker's chamber every day before the door is locked up.

Ordered, that no member of this House do presume to bring any stranger or strangers into die House, or gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, that the constables and other officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from eleven of the dock in the morning till one in the afternoon, and from four tiM fix in the afternoon, during the session of Parliament, the passages through the streets between Temple-Bar and Westminster-Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no obstructions be made, by cars, drays, carts, or otherwise, to hinder the passage of the members to and from this House; and that the serjeant at arms attending this House do give notice of this order to the officers aforesaid.

Ordered, that the constables in waiting do take care that there be no gaming or other disorders in Westminster-Hall, Of the passages leading to the House, during die fitting of

Par-

PAREl ANfErtT ARY. A. 1780.

Parliament, and that there be no annoyance, by chairmen, footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, that the said orders be sent to the high bailiff of Westm'mfter, and that he do fee the fame put in execution.

Ordered, that no footman be permitted to be within the lobby of the Hotife, or upon the flairs leading thereto.

Ordered, that the fefjeaot at arms attending this House do tt^ke care, that thererbe no gaming or other disorders in the room appointed for the footmen attending the members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, that the fefjeant at arms attending this House do; take into his custody such footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such footmen be discharged out of custody but by the speciall order of the House.

Ordered, that, to prevent die intercepting or losing of letters directed to members of this Hovrfe, the person appointed to bring letters from the General Pod Office to this House, or some other person to be appointed by the pod matter general’, do, for the future, every dnv, during the session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from ten of the clock in the morning till one in the afternoon, and for two hours at the leaf! immediately asser she riling of the House, and aUo from five of the clock in' the afternoon till seven, at-the place appointed for the delivery of the said letters; and take care, during his flay there, to deliver the same to the fe-. veral members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known servant or servants, or others bringing notes under the hands of the members fending for the fame.

Ordered, that the said officer do, upon his going away, lock'Up such letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no letter be delivered but within the hours aforesaid.

Ordered,' that the said orders be sent to the po/l mailer general.

Ordered* that when any letter or packet directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next fitting, with the contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the serjeant at arms attending this House do, from time to rime, when the House is going to prayers, give notice thereof to all committees; and that all proceedings of committees in a morning, after such notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, that the votes of this House be printed, being* firtt perused by Mr, Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no person but such as-he dull appoint do presume to print the fame.

The

L.

A* 1780* D E* $ A T

The House taking notice, by the book of returns, that the sheriffs of the city of Coventry had not returned any citizens to serve in this Parliament for the said city; and that they had made a special return why they had not returned such citizens; the said return was read, and is as followeth

" By virtue of the writ of election to us directed (to which this is annexed) proclamation being first made of thepren?ifes in tto laid writ mentioned, and of the day and place as by the said writ is directed? we, the within-named sheriffs, dtclr in obedience thereto, on the ninth day of September, in the twentieth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord the King, proceed in order to cause two citizens of the most sufficieu^ and discreet of our said city, freely and indifferently to be chosen, according to the form of the statutes in such case made and provided, when there appeared as candidates Edward Roe i Yeo, and John Baker Holroyd, esquires, Sir Thontas Halifax, knight, and Thomas Rogers, esq. and thereupon a poll was opened in the usual and accufloroed manner, and proceeded in a peaceable and orderly way for about the space of half an hour, at the end of which space of time divers persons, and particularly colliers, and others, not inhabitants or freemen of the said city, to the number of five hundred and more, with a blue flag carried before them, and having blue-and white cockades in their hats (being the marks and badges. by which the party of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Joker, Holroyd were distinguished) tumultuously and riotously assembled together at the place of election, and did disturb and impede the said election and did, in our view, violently, riptously, and outrageously assault, beat, strip, bruise, and otherwise ill-treat a great number of voters attending at the place of election, and offering to poll for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, esq. and then and there disturbed, impeded, and obstructea the said voters from giving their' votes: the said rioters and disturbers at the same time openly and publicly threatening that no person should come up to poll for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, esq. Whereupon we adjourned the said poll to Monday the eleventh of the said month of September, and continued the fame, by divers other adjournments, froni day to day, to the eighteenth of the said month, in order that the said election might be made; but the said poll wasdiffhrbed and impeded from time to time, by like tumults, riots, and by assaults and outrages committed upon the persons of many voters offering to poll for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, by the said uotefs and disturbers. And we, affiiled by the ma->

giflvates

*4

Mr. -

wlU

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780-

gifixates and peace officers, endeavouring, by an exertion of all the power and authority veiled in us, and particularly having appointed 236 additional constables, to preserve the peace, to suppress the said tumults and riots, and to remove the said obflru£lions, and to open a free access to the booth, for the voters on both Tides to come up to poll, were, notwithstanding riotously and forcibly assaulted and driven back, and otherwise ill-treated, to the imminent danger of our lives, and the voters were, by numbers and force, violently and illegally hindered from giving their votes, so that out of two thousand voters, and upwards, no more than eighty three were polled, and a free election could not be had; but we were, by means of the said tumultuous and illegal force, interrupted and obflru&ed in the execution of the said writ, and of our duty and office, and in making the said election. For which caules aforesaid, we did not cause to be elected, nor could we cause to be elefled, two citizens of the said city and county, according to the exigency, form, and effect of the said writ. Given under our hands and Teals, this sixth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Tho. Noxon and Tho. Buller, Sheriffs."

Ordered, that Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Boiler, late Sheriffs of the city of Coventry, do attend thi» House upon Thursday fortnight, the 23d day of this instant November.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that, when die House did attend his Majesty upon Wednesday last, the first instant, in the House of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious speech from the throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent miffaikes, obtained a copy, which he read to the House, and is as followeth, viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,.

It is with more than ordinary satisfaction that I meet you in Parliament, at a time, when the late efae&ions may afford me an opportunity of receiving the moil certain information of the disposition and the wishes of my people, to which I am always inclined to pay the utmost attention and regard.

The present arduous situation of public affairs is well known; the whole force and faculties of the monarchies of France and Spain are drawn forth, and exerted to the utmost tosupport the rebellion in my colonies in North America, and, without the least provocation or cause of complaint, to.

4 attack.

Ai 1780. E fi A T E S# 25

attack my dominions; and the uiidilguised object of this confederacy manifestly is to gratify boundless ambition, by deft roving the commerce, and giving a fatal blow to the power of Great L ritain.

By the force which the taft Parliament pot into my hands, and by the blessing of Divine Providence on the bravery of my fleets and armies, I have been enabled to withstand the formidable attempts of my enemies, and to frustrate the great expectations they had formed; and the signa! fuccdTes which have attended the progress of my arms in the province! of Georgia and Carolina, gained with so much honour to thb, conduct and courage of my officers, and to the valour and intrepidity, of my troops, which have equalled their highest character in any age, wilt, I trail, have important confluences in bringing the war to a happy conclusion. It is my most eameft desire to fee this great end aoooompliflted; but I am confident yon will agree with me in opinion, that we can only fccare safe and honourable terms of peace by such powerful and respectable preparations, as shall convince our enemies, that we will not submitto receive the law from any power? whatsoever, and that we are united in a firm resolution to decline no difficulty, or hazard, in the defence of our country^ and for die preservation of our essential interests,

• Gentlemen of the Uoufe of Commons,

I have ordered the estimates for the ensuing year to be laid before .you., I.fee and feel. With great anxiety and concern, that the various services of the war must, unavoidably, be attended with great and heavy expences; but I desire you to grant me such suppties only, as your own security, and failing welfare, and the exigency of affairs, shall he found tQ require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I repole an entire confidence in die zed and affections of this Parliament, conscious that, during the whole course of my reign, it has been the constant object of iny care, and the wiih of my heart, to promote the true interests and happinest of all my subje£b, and to preserve inviolate our excellent cooftitut^on in church and state. r

The Hon. Mr. DeGrey moyed, u That an humble address be Mr. Ds prerented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the thanks of this House, for his most gracious speech from the throne.

To congratulate his Majesty upon the safe delivery of the Queen, and the birth of another prince: and to anure his Vpi.^VIII. £ Majesty,

a6

PARLIAMENTARY a. 17*0.

Majesty, that we take a sincere part in every event that contributes to his Majesty’s domestic happiness.

" That we acknowledge, with the utmost gratitude, his Majesty’s condescending goodness, in his desire to meet his Parliament at this time, and his gracious expressions of attention and regard to the disposition and wishes of his people. That we are impress^d with a, due sense of the difficulties of the present arduous conjuncture) when the whole force of France and Spain is combined, and exerted to support the rebellion in his Majesty's colonies, and to attack all the dominions of his crown; and when it is but too manifest to all the world, that the real views of this most unjult confederacy are to give a, fatal blow to the commerce and power of Great Britain, in resentment for the successful efforts which this nation has so oftei^ made to' lave the liberties of F.urope from the ambition of the house of Bourbon. That we have observed, with great and just LtisfaClion, that his Majesty, by the support of his Parliament, and the spirit and bravery of his fleets and armies, has, under the Divine protection, been enabled to ivithstand the formidable attempts of his enemies; and we offer our most cordial congratulations to his Majesty on the signal successes which have attended the progress of his Majesty’s arms in the provinces of Georgia and Carolina, and in which the conduct and courage of his Majesty’s officers, and the valour and intrepidity of his troops, have been so eminently distinguished.

" That we consider his Majesty’s earnest desire and folici-tude to see the war brought to a happy conclusion, as the strongest proof of his Majesty’s paternal regard for his people; but we entirely agree'with his Majesty, that safe and honourable terms of peace can only be lecufed by such powerful preparations and vigorous exertions as shall convince our enemies that his Majesty and his Parliament are united in a Arm and itedfaft resolution to decline no difficulty or danger in the defence of their country, and for the maintenance of their essential interests. To allure his Majesty, that we are thoroughly feftfible that these ends cannot be effected without great and-heavy expences; and that we will grant his Majesty such suppltefr as the lasting security and welfare of his kingdoms, and the exigency of affairs mall be found to require/ That his Majesty may rely with entire confidence on the most zealous and affectionate attachment of his faithful Commons to his perfott, family, and government; and jhat we acknowledge, with the liYeliefT sentiments of reverence Jifld gratitude, that the constant tenor of his Majesty’s

conduct

a?

A% 1780% E> £ B A Y £ g.

ODodu& shews, that the foie objedfa of his royal care and concern are to promote the happiness of his people, and to preserve inviolate oar excellent con hit tit ion in church and Hate.

Mr. De Grey supported his motion by taking a ctirfory view of the present posture of American affairs, which, he contended, was far more desirable than memory could trace it at any period since the convention of Sar.i .oga: the splendid foccefs of Lord Cornwallis in the southern colonies had enhanced the reputation of British valour, and intimidated our enemies. Carolina was universally reduced to the obedience of our arms, and the friends of Britain there no longer feared to avow their sentiments. He complimented the brave general, by whose conduct and fortitude these advantages were derived, in the highest (train of panegyric; Colonel Tarietoii teo, and the other officers- in the louthem army, had their tribute of applause. With respect to the propriety of a (Turing his Majesty, that the House would supply the means of prosecuting the war with energy, he contended that our situatiorl precluded every prospect of honourable peace, but through the medium ot victory. It is no longer, said he, a question of allea fiance and independency between iis and our colonies; but whether we shall relinquifti those valuable provinces iri favour of the Hpufe of Bourbon ? No lover of his country can hesitate to depreciate such'an accession of strength to our natural enemy; and no friend of America can wiih we should resign her to the yoke of an arbitrary sovereign.

He next contended, that by consenting to the independency of America (should a measure so humiliating be proposed as the basis of that peace, so fervently to be wished for) we mull endanger the iofs of all our transmarine possessions, and fink the native consequence of this kingdom to a mere nothing in the scale of Europe. The prosecution of war then, until it might be terminated on better and more honourable grounds, was essential to the political exigence of Great Britain; by the example of other nations, wife and powerful, we might learn never to despond; but expert the happy eifadh of fortitude even in the raoft adverse situation. Upon these and various other grounds he recommended the address, which echoed as usual every paragraph of the King’s speech, with" piofessions of attachment and assurances of support.

Sir Richard Sutton seconded the* motion, and prefaced the sir future success of our affairs in America; said he had been Sutt«n. always sanguine in his expectations that the iflbe of the war would be fortunate and was now as confident as ever; but

£ 2 should

af PARLIAMENTARY A* 178ct

Aould any gentleman think less favourably of our situatien than himself, frill what measure but the prosecution of hqftb^ lities would now be adviieable ? Should we give up America, and accept conditions of peace from France and Spam; or ftould we withdraw our arms from that continent, and contend fddv with the Hoofe of Bourbon ? The latter alternative coula probably not be in our option; for America was Bound, he thought, by. every tie of policy and honour not to desert her allies, or leave them exposed to our collected ef* forts in a war commenced for her advantage, ltr.Gren- Mr. Grenville, profefhng his loyalty and dutiful regard to

his sovereigp, rejoiced sincerely in every event that encreased the felicity of the King and the Royal Family; he therefore heartily acqyiefced in the first part of the address proposed*. which congratulated his Majesty on the happy delivery, of the Queen, and the birth of a Prince. He declared that he was ready to go as far as any man in supporting the eflentialin* terefts of his country \ but whether the prosecution of the war in America ought to be reckoned among those interests was the quefrion.. The conjuncture in which we flood was. indeed, according to the phrase in the speeeh from the throne,:* arduous. A most powerful and dangerous confederacy wao formed against this country, and every Englishmen wifrwd to -break Its power. But was that practicable? Could England-alone, without a fmgle ally in the world, contend facoefo*. fully against America, France, and Spain? He represented* the strength of those confederated powers, and cantrafred: that with the decayed trade and nearly exhaufred refouices of this country. Unable to carry on the war under the difa&~> vantages which we felt, and which he enumerated, we ought t perhaps to recall our troops from all uitavailiitg efforts in-America, and to direct our whole force against the House of; Bourbon: but certainly we ought to do & former; for experience had taught u$r or might have taught us, that all; attempts to subdue America under die government of this country were as vain a9 they were ruinous and opprefEve to this iangujfliing nation.

At the commencameiH of the war, rohuftry, he acknowledged, had some {pretext for pursuing.the coercive iqeafore*. Which they adopted. At that time, it was laid, that the voice, dr the nation was for war; the high spirit of this country being unwilling to give up ear foreign and moil. vahuUe dependencies without a draggle; A struggle had been made, vigorous struggle for many years; a llruggle which this nation would ml for many and many, a And now

pxefumol*.

floosie

A. 1711* E f AT E S*

preftrmod, the; voice of the nation was not for war, hut fi>r peace: peace at least with America, if we should have war with the whole world. He could not, for these reasons, fub-scribe to an add refs which re echoed a speech, which profef&d ail intention of prosecuting the American war with vigour.

Bat if other gentlemen should think that measure a wife one* accidents might happen in the course of the year, which might render its impolicy obvious to all; and why he yourselves down by ahy implied promises of support, to continue die war at alt adventures? Mr. Grenville, therefore, studious of unanimity in our present situation, would propose an amendment that weiuld form an address, which, without tying them down to any system of conduct, Would express their zeal and' aie&ion for his Majesty's person and government, and their rdolution to A and by the rights and interests of their county

The amendment he proposed was this : That all that part of the addrefe which followed the congratulation on the delivery of the ’Queen and the birth of a Prince, should be left out; and that, in dead of the subsequent paragraphs, the following should be inserted : In this arduous conjuncture we

aredeteriiliri&t to unite our efforts for the defence of this our country; and-we beg leave to allure your Majesty, that we wiD decline no difficulty or hazard in preserving the essential interests of this kingdom." ’

Hob. Mr. Fitzpatrickrofe to second the amendment, and Mr. rk

after a introdu&ory words, apologizing for his troubling tie Hotofe, add reminding the speaker that he very feidom r toOk that liberty, arraigned the public measures which had beta for some time pursued, and were now pursuing, as ruinous to the country and the constitution, on which the-dtareft interests of the country depended. Impressed with thii idea, he could not, he said, give a hlent vote for the amendment just proposed by his honourable friend, but would take that opportunity of saying a few words to express his fertfe of out1 present calamitous situation, and he would do it the rather now, because he verily believed that this would be tlfdaft Parliament in which so much of the remains of liberty. vtiAtld appear, that he or any other members who thought as la did, that the measures of his Majesty’s ministers were in--jotlotts to the ttue interests of Great Britain, would enjoy tke^rivilege of caHing those measures in question, and freely fptaklilgrt \€vr sentiments upon them. He was sensible at the fate time that any talents he possessed could not make a change ih.tftuftk that had fefUVed the impressions of truth,

• *, enforced

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178&

enforced with the greatest abilities that men possessed, and illustrated and delivered^ with the greatest eloquence. Thet eyes of Europe, he said, were naturally attracted to the first deliberations and resolutions of that assembly; it therefore behoved them to be extremely cautious what language they held in their address to the throne. It was now as confident with order, as it was with truth, to say, that the last Parliament was notoriously corrupt, and prostituted to the will of the minister. This night would determine whether this was to proceed in the steps of the former Parliament; which they would do if they should countenance the continuance of a war, flowing not from the voice or the interests of the na- < tion, but founded merely in the will of the ministry. In. order to consider the subject of the address properly, it would be right, he said, and in such cases it had always been customary, to turn their eyes to the speech of the minister, though commonly called the King’s speech, and examine its contents. From the beginning of that speech, it was evident that ministers had deluded and deceived his Majesty, an art which they had long p radii fed with fatal success, to the destruction of the empire, and to the ruin of his Majesty’s interests and those of his people. His Majesty began his speech with saying, that " the late elections would afford him an opportunity of receiving the most certain information of the disposition and the wishes of his people, to which he was always inclined to pay the utmost attention !" That his Majesty was at all times inclined to pay the utmost attention to the wishes of his people, he was nrmly persuaded, but did ministers really think that the late elections, considered collectively, would afford his Majesty an opportunity of knowing what those wishes were ? If those elections, where only there remained any thing like a free choice, were adverted to, he verily believed they would shew his Majesty the sense of the people, because, with a very few exceptions, those elections had fallen upon gentlemen distinguished for their love of liberty, and for their having uniformly opposed and reprobated those measures which the ministry had for a series of years adopted and pursued. But possibly the ministry had allured his Majesty, that the present House of Commons was a proof of their popularity. Popular indeed they were, he was sorry to own, in many parts of the country, and particularly in the weft of England, where the ministry and their dependents were many of them chosen to represent boroughs* which they had never before visited, and chosen by electors who till an hour previous to the election, had never seen the

faces

A. 1780. DEBATES.

faces of their representatives, nay, so popular were they in Cornwall, that many of them were eleCled in three or four different boroughs, though perfect Grangers to the people who had chosen them their representatives.

After a good deal of strong irony on this point, Mi*. Fitzpatrick represented the impolicy of the present war with America, and recommended the withdrawing our troops from thence, and concentring our force and directing it against the House of Bourbon : he adverted to the enormous increase of the national debt, the decay of manufactures and trade, the oppression of the people by taxes, &c. &c. and after apologizing for having obtruded nimfelf so long on the patience of the House, Concluded with declaring that he concurred most cordially in the congratulatory part of the address, but thought the amendment just proposed the most wife and fit termination of it, since under the present circumstances the House ought not to pledge itself to any particular line of conducing the war.

Mr. Pulteney began with saying, that even if that House Mr. thought the American war ought not to be pursued, it would neither be wife nor prudent to make a public declaration of that opinion to all the world. He complained of the custom gentlemen had adopted of calling the war unjust, and said, however the freedom of debate might warrant their giving it that epithet within those walls, he wished that it might not be so termed without doors. Indeed he thought that such as without scruple, in print and conversation, called the war unjust, and thus presumed to brand and stigmatize a measure fapCtified by the British Parliament, were guilty of an offence which ought to be followed by punishment; and if the laws, as they now flood, were not equal to the correction of this evil, and that people had a right to indulge themselves in such a licentious use of their pens, other laws should be passed and that right taken away. He had at the beginning of the war with America thought it unjust, and he had always argued in that House in that manner, but thinking,' as he then did, that the war was unjust, he had never conceived he should be warranted interming it so without doors, after Parliament had chosen to pronounce the war just, and to pursue it under that idea. But a change of circumstances had made a change in his sentiments concerning it. We had now given up the taxation of America, which would have been injustice, as they had no representatives in Parliament, and the justice of the American war had been recognized, and confirmed reputedly by Parliament. Gentlemen had talked of the present

war

floosie

5*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

war in language that hfc could not approve; they had fai<l the war was carried on to conquer America. He saw it in a. Afferent light. He coflfidened the war as a war catried on to prote& our American friends from the tyranny and oppression of Congress, and those friends he believed were very numerous. This was a purpose which, in gratitude and humanity* this country was bound so pursue, nor did he fee any reason for defpqndency. Qur affairs in America wete surely in a better situation at present than they had been in since the unfortunate convention ar Saratoga? The juil and liberal offers made by Great Britain to America had produced very considerable effects on the minds of the inhabitants of that country; and he doubled not, that more than half the Americans, when the oppref&ons under which they laboured should be removed, would appear to have been friends to the British go* vernment.

Mr. Pultney concluded, .with declaring he should vote fbt the address as originally moved, because he thought it unexceptionable, and becauft it; did n6t dp'pear to him to pledge the House to any particular line of conduct.

Sirff$raa Sir Horace Marin thought that declamations tendingto give the world an idea that our refburces were exhausted, and that We ourselves were in a Hate of despondency, ill became £n* glifhmen at any time, but leail of all, in a moment of real difficulty and danger, in a moment when the merit powerful confederacy: that ever was formed, threatened us withde-_ flruction. It had been the character of this country to lOdfc danger in the face, to hold despair in contempt, and in proportion to the preCarc of affairs, to exert its efforts, ta aft with spirit, and by the energy of its operatibnd, to fi/r mount all difficulty, and all refinance. This had been the prfetticU Of our ancestors, this odght to be the practice of Great BrU tain under her present circumstances. The American war was not alcribable to administration, the feeds Of k were-de* posited at a remoter period, but it was idle arid absurd to bfc now losing time in accusation, and in fruitfeft attempts td charge any particular set of men, as authors of the present difficulties America Had hoftilely allied hetfelf to France* the actual foe of Great Britain, and Spain hid joined the confederacy. Each of the three powers who formed thfe league, were to be regarded with equal jeakftify,* and to bfe opposed with equal exertion; America as well as France rind Spain, France and Spain, as Well as AmCrrcri. The intermits of France and America were inseparably united, ilackeo

you*

33.

A* ij8oi DEBATES*

yonr operations against the latter, and you give vigour to the operations of the former. The whole matter to be provided for was, how the operations of the war could be heft carried oo by us, to answer the great end of breaking the union of the three powers, and rendering their attempts, their unjust at* tempts to destroy our naval force, and ruin our commerce, unavailing. That however was not the consideration of this day, and therefore it was needless for him to go into it. Powerful as the confederacy confeftedly was, he could not think it lb tremendous and so alarming as the honourable gentleman who moved the amendment, and his honourable friend who ieconded it, had seemed to imagine. All confederacies carried in them principles of disunion. The present confederacy was formed by powers, the most unlikely to coalefe for any continuance with cordiality, that could poifibly join together. America, a Protestant people, declaring that (he fought for her liberty, allied to Franee, a Roman Catholic power, in whose dictionary the word liberty had no place ! could any man in his senses for a moment believe that Franco had engaged in this expensive war, for the purpufeof defending the liberties of America ? The idea was too raonftrous and too ridiculous to be entertained for a moment. Was it likfly- that Spain, however drawn into the war by the intrigues of France, could be sincere in wishing to give America indepepdency ? Was it probable that she should have {b little regard for her own interest, as to shew herself a suppor-tcr of rebellion, and thus by her own example encourage all her South American colonists to (hake oft their dependence on die Spanish crown ? Again, were Spain and Franee cordial friends ? If the Spaniards in general were inspired with the fame sentiments as thofo of the province of Catalonia, the only province of Spain in which he had been, he would venture to iky they were not. In Catalonia every man breathed die most rooted antipathy to France, to its manners, to its customs, and most of all to his people. Looking at the confederacy in its proper light, seeing it in its true colours, was there not more cause to expect that so motley, so incongruous, So heterogeneous a mixture, so unnatural league would not hold long together,? France had already pretty plainly shewed what were her views respecting America. America wax already jealous of her, and every day that the war con-turned, Ihe would have more cause to lament that (he had ever called upon France to assist her. The Spaniards, naturally as gallant a nation as any in Europe, though from that y pu‘ aVIII. F circumstance

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1)80.

circum fiance they fought bravely in the fields felt their Losses too severely not to have regretted their court Having been made the dupe of, the cabinet of Versailles, and nothing but their national attachment tb the person of their prince, Who ha? not forgot the treatment he received from this country when King of Naples* could have kept them dill ready to pursue the purposes of the war; a time he ttuded was near at hand, when they would shew that what he had said was well founded*.; But taking the confederacy in a general point of view, what does history tell us has been the end of the greatest leagues that have been formed ? Let us recollect the rood extraordinary confederacy that the page of the hifto-rian teems with, the powerful league of Cambray formed against the republic of Venice ! Was Venice destroyed ? It is true fhfe loft a part of her navigation advantage by the traffic of other countries being fenr by a different passage to Greece; but is lhe not now a respectable power considered'as One of the European dates ? As respectable as her fttuation, in Italy entitles her ^t any time to be. Let gentlemen recol-left the alliance that was formed against the House of Boor- bon ! Louis XIV. found means to elude the designtf of it, and thence arose the famous family compact! Thepresent confederacy was a powerful orie, but though we Were with- out an ally, we had obvious advantages, if we would agree' among ourfelvds, and act with vigour and firmness.

Sir Horace said, he had in the lad Parliament shewn him-' ffclf no friend to miniders: he truded therefore, that what he now said, would be considered by the whole Houft as his real fentimefits, In pursuance of their impulse it was^ that he declared himself an advocate for the address; and ft) far Was hfcfrbjn thinking that it said too much for the House, he' really felt that more was requisite. The American war begun to wear a more promifingafpeft than hitherto it had done, and the prosecuting of it with vigour, Was how more than ever, in his opinion, a. necessary and a Wife roeafure* Our late successes were truly glorious, and the cdttdu6fc of olir of-» ficers, particularly that of Lord Cornwallis, merited the high-eft praise, He hoped, therefore, that the bare mention of it with applause in the present address, would ndt be the only notice taken of it by the House. He trusted that he should hear armotion (oon for something specifieally and ftbflantially tending to shew Lord Cornwallis the fenie that Hbnfe entertained of his fingdUr gallantry, judgment, arid gbbd con-r du&t It would not be fitting for hiln to be the proposer of

I wtat

A. 1780. J) E 3 A T £ & 35

What he hinted at, but he would join moll) heartily in supporting any such proportion, let it come from what quarter it would. He concluded with observing, that to, renounce the American war,.would in his mind, be an act of political fol-jy little short of madness; it would at the same time, be an act of the greater inhumanity, considering the number of Joyalifts who had flocked in to the King’s standard, and who now relied on the British arms for protection.

Right Hon. T. Tvwhshend observed, that thfcre was every Right Hon year a new reason for continuing the American war; hrft, r.Trw*/* we were to fend jtoops to deliver the men of coi\sequence and hend' property from the tyranny of the mob; afterwards to deliver the lower ranks from the oppression of the upper, and of the Congress; now we were called upon by Sir It, Sutton, to deliver J»th from the captivity in which they wtoheld by the jFrencharmy.

He was red to hear the league of Cambray cited by those who suppprted the administ ration. He was afraid that the (imijitude of the situation of Venice, at that period, to $he present state of our affairs, was but too apparent: A

number of powers, jarring ia their interests much more than .those which were now leagued against us, attacked Vcnice: it is true, they soon quarrelled; but not till Venice was .ruined* The name of the Venetian Rate remains, .but its commerce; its dominions in Italy, are reduced,' if not quire annihilated; and she may retain (to use Sir Horace Mann’s expression) her proper rank amcog Italian Rates, but her weight, power, and consequence, were totally at an end. To x such a situation might we perhaps be reduced, and our (enemies tell us that we held .our proper rank among the Rates of £nrope. He lamented our want of alliances, and could not rejoice at that compact Rate which others seemed so much pfeased with. He did not believe that what was done against .Lewis XIV. would have been more easily atchieved by at-? tacking him without any allies at all. He declined entering, into the reasons why Great Britain did not profit more from our fhcceifes againR the House of Bourbon at that time.

He lamented that we were to continue the American war, which he looked upon as the favourite objeffc of the government. To that object all others were sacrificed. They had sent young regiments under unexperienced officers to the West Indies, while our veterans were employed in North America.

F 2 He

Dig' ;d by t

36 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

He wished, therefore, for the amendment, becaofe it pre* Tented us from pledging ourfelTes to that ruinous meafare precipitately, and hoped the House would not be drawn in, year after year, into the continuation of it, Mr. Puhney had blamed those who, delivering their opinions within doors against the American war, did the fame without doors like-wife, which he looked upon as criminal: he wished to knot* what he thought of those, who spoke and voted for it witkia doors, and reprobated it abroad : he confidently believed, that if all voted against it in the House, who condemned it out of it, we should have saved much blood and treasure, and have been in a much better condition than at present.

'Mr. jrdhr*Mr. Jfelbore Ellis complimented the young genttemen whd

• En,‘ had moved and feqonded the amendment on their eloquence, but could not agree with them in thinking that the address was in the lead improper, or that it contained matter left fit for the House to adopt on the present occasion than the propo-fed amendment; on the contrary, with all due deference to them, he said, he thought they were pretty nearly alike th purport, only that the fame meaning was expreued more handsomely, and in better terms, in the address, than it was in the amendment. In order to prove this to the satisfaction of the House, he went into an examination of the address paragraph by paragraph, commenting on each elaborately, and arguing as he went on, that nothing more was said than the occasion required. He owned nothing could be more true than that it was highly incumbent on the House to take care that what they carried up to the throne Should not contain any thing like a pledge, to observe any particular line of conduit; he had examined the address mmutely, and he never in his life fa wan address more cautiouily worded, or more faitable to the purpose. If the amendment were adopted, all that his Majesty had said from the throne, excepting only his information of the encrease of the royal family, would, contrary to the constant usage of Parliament, remain unnoticed. Would gentlemen say, it was right for that House to holden a fallen silence on our late successes in America ? Would it he handsome to Lord Cornwallis, or to the other officers who, under that gallant commander’s orders, had acquitted themselves, so much to the credit of themselves and to the essential services of their country, to withold their due praise? or did gentlemen imagine, if the eyes of all Europe were turned on: the proceedings of that House (as had been truly obferYcd) that it

would.

37

A. 17S0. 0 E BATES.

would bare a good effect upon the minds of the fdreigh princes and powers, to see the British Parliament just at that moment wanting in professions of zeal to his Majesty, or of joy at the late signal succesles of his Majesty’s arms in America I Surely a moment’s recollection would teach gentlemen tp think differently, and convince them of the propriety of una-nimonily agreeing to the add refs. In one part of it, the

House returned his Majesty thanks for the blefting of his government. In all his experience, for the many years he had lat in that House, be had. never known such a matter rejected, and yet if the amendment were carried,' all that part of the address would be omitted. Another matter which ft ruck him very forcibly, ieemed to have made little or no impression on the gentlemen who had moved and seconded the amendment, and that was, that as the address containing due piaifes to die officers in America had been moved and seconded, the rejection of such an address would ipso faflo amount to a cenfute upon those officers, and would have that effect in the eyes of all Europe. Would gentlemen then say, they were prepared to pass a censure on the conduct of Lord Cornwallis and Colonel Tarleton? Would they even refuse to thank them for that conduct ? Upon these and other confederations, he trusted the honourable gentleman, who moved the ' amendment, would not make it a question, or take the sense of the Hoofe upon it, but would agree with him in voting for the address, which certainly did not bind the House to pursue the war in any particular manner; that was a future confederation, and as it must of necessity be governed by events as yet unkown, it would be time enough to difcufe and Ttfolve upon it, when time had brought those events to light.

General Smith spoke warmly against the address. He contended that the American war was ruinous to this country,

• and maintained the reverse of the assertion of Mr. Pultney, who had said we were in a better situation now than we had ever been in, respecting America, since the fatal convention of Saratoga. The General averted, that we were in circum-stancev infinitely worse at present than at that unfortunate period. The millions we had since spent upon the war, would, he was Vvell allured, have built and equipped 40 fail of the line. He declared that every military man knew, from the affair at Trenton, that all attempts to subdue America were fb many fruidefs proftitutions of blood and rreafure, for that the matter was altogether impracticable. He therefore wish-

5S-

Mr* Fox*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

to the House to tell his Majesty, they would go.Qu with tke American war no farther? but would give every possible fisp-port to his arms, when directed against their proper objc&,— the House of Bourbon.

Mr. Foxrofe just as the question was about to be put; and, in a speech of very considerabl^ length, went oyer the whole ground of complaint which had been urged, or could be urged, by opposition against the King’s servants, as well respecting the conduct of the American war, as with regard to a great variety of other topics.

He began with observing, that the amendment moved and seconded by his two honourable friends, had been very ably supported by them; and that no answer whatever, at lean nothing like an argument, had been advanced against it* The best thing had been attempted to be urged in support of the address, was what had fallen from the Right Hon. gentleman over the way [Mr. Ellis], viz. that it was something like the amendment. That, however, certainly was not a Sufficient reason to induce the House to prefer the addrefh to the amendment, if the House meant to convince the people at large that they were governed by reason and fair argument* and not by private motives, and that undue influence, which the last Parliament, almost in its last moments, had declared to have " increased, that it was increasing, and that it ought to be diminished." The address, he said, it was true, did not directly pledge the House to go on with the American war, but considered altogether, it amounted pretty nearly to that idea. Ministers had thought proper to word it differently from the address come to by the other House last Wednesday. The Lords in their address, had expressly declared their readiness to go on with the war. Ministers had shewn so much deference to that House, that they had not in the address which had been then read, pledged the House directly; but then gentlemen would observe, that; in a subsequent paragraph, the matter was brought in; and upon the whole, there was sufficient cause for suspicion and distruft, fuflkient cause to fear that ministers meant to plunge tills country deeper in ruin, than they had already funk it, by continuance of that mad war!

With regard to King’s speech, which for die fake of free-of debate, was properly termed the speech of the minister, was there in it one gleam of comfort, one hope or the least prospect of better condutt in the King’s servants. Did it not begin with alluring Parliament that his Majesty wished to

know

ijfcj. DEBATE S.

kndW tKc fefcfe of his people, and in the fame paragraph, did it not contain the greatest mockery and insult upon the people, by telling them that his Majesty hoped to receive the information he wished for, through the medium of the late elections r Were thoffe elections free ? Was the difiblution previ-odfly announced, the time of it properly.cjiofen ? He hoped to uodthis circtimftance would become the subject of an enquiry in that Hotife, and that it might be known which of me King’s servants it was, who had dared to advile his Majesty to dissolve his Parliament just when the dissolution took place: a time when most gentlemen were taken by surprize. To him, indeed, it had no such effect: he had long accustom-td himself to watch the measures of administration, he knew the ministers thoroughly, he understood their designs, and he ♦as aware, that if orie moment was less propitious to the people, and to the freedom of election, than another, that Aat Was the moment most likely to be chosen by them for the diflbhxrion of Parliament; he had, therefore, expected it even before it happened, and he should not have wondered, if it had taken place in the midst of the harvest. As it was, it took place when the majority of that House, especially of those who had uniformly opposed and reprobated the mad and destructive measures of Ministers, were in camp, and, at oonsiderable drftance from the places they represented^ so that, instead of conlulting the wilshes of the pepple instead of rendering it as little injurious to the internal peace and quiet of the kingdom, as possible, ministers had taken pains to render the dissolution of Parliament as great and calamitous an cvH as could have happened.

As to the, beginning of the address, he said, he had no objection to congratulate his Majesty on the encrease of his domes-dt happinefe, Long might his domestic enjoyments continue to encrease. They were the only enjoyments his Majesty possessed. Unfortunate in every other respect, unfortunate abroad, and unfortunate in the conduct of civil affairs at home, be was happy in domestic life; and on this happiness in his family, he would congratulate his Majesty linccrely. But at die present moirient of embarraffmeot and distress, when Ae brightest jewel was torn from hU diadem, when America wa dillevered from the British empire, never to be re-united wheh difeord and civil dissentions raged among those parts of Ae Empire which yet remained, but which seem prepared for revolt, to approach the throne with gratulatory addresses, war not loyalty, but cruel mockery and infuk. But what.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a

said the honourable gentleman over the way ? Will you refute to acknowledgej with gratitude, the blessings we enjoy tinder his Majesty’s government ? How long, replied Mr* Fox, shall the sacred ftneld of majesty be interposed for the prote£lion of a weak ad mi nitration ? This word Majesty was a kind of hocus pocus word, which is turned into all shapes, and made subservient to every legerdemain trick, and every illusion convenience dictates. If by the blessing of his Majesty’s government be unejerstood his Majesty’s virtues, he was ready to acknowledge his Majesty’s personal virtues with respect and with reverenefc. But if by the blessings of his government he understood the acts and projects of his Majesty’s ministers; he detested and reprobated tjiem. The present reign had been one continued series of disgracc, miffortune, and calamity. What blessings are we called upon tp recognize in the address } First, the happy efjfeft of this new Parliament, in giving his Majesty an opportunity of knowing the sentiments of his people. As an honourable friend of his had aiked, was there no trick, no deceit used in order to garble a new parliament } In words ministers disclaimed the abridgement of the duration of septennial parliaments; in actions they approved if. He did not expect ever to fee a septennial parliament die a natural death. Six years ago he observed, he had the honour to lit in that House, when the subject of their debate was precisely the fame that, it was this night, viz. the justice and expediency of prosecuting. the American war; and he made no doubt, but that if he Ihpuld have the honour to lit in the next parliament six years hence, at the opening of it, the fame subject would be under difeuflion.. It would have been preemption in him to have made such a predi&ioo six years ago, and nobody would have Credited him. Past experience now made it no longer so, and therefore he scrupled not to prophecy, that if the war was continued, its propriety and its expediency would be the-subject of difeuflion on the first opening of the next parliament. What have we gained by the American war in that period ? We have exchanged Boston for New-York; and Philadelphia, the capital of Virginia, for Charles Town, the capital of South Carolina. O I but we have gained of late a most fi^nal victory at Camden, Generals Gates and Sumpter are routed by Lord Cornwallis and Colonel Tarleton, These victories are but omens and forerunners of greater ones. Such was our languine expedition, when in the beginning of the

war

A* f 780. D £ fi A T £ Si

war the Sritish troops defeated the Americans on Long Island. The success at Brandywine was to be followed by the immediate reduction of the provinces, and not a rebel was to be feenin all the continent of North America.

The taking of Ticonderoga was a splendid affair; and that too was to be followed by the most important consequen* ccs. The event perpetually belied our sanguine predictions, yet now, with all our experience, we talk of following up with alacrity, our late victory in Carolina. That viaory was a glorious one, he readily allowed, to the general officer, and all the officers and British troops who gained it; but the glory of that victory was due to the army only, and the disgrace of reducing Lord Cornwallis to that dangerous situ-atioa which made his victory a miracle, was the minister’s. The only fruit of the reduction of Charles-Town, was the dangerous situation that led necessarily to the engagement. The success of that engagement was owing to the army. Tl\at affair seemed farther alarming to hint in another point of view. It was a proof that the majority of the Americans was not, as had been said, friendly to this country; but, on the contrary, that they were almost unanimously attached to the cause of Congrels. For no sooner did General Gates appear among the Carolinians, than those very men flocked to his Standard, ' who had taken the oaths to our government, carrying along with them the arms, that had been put into their hands by our general, which reduced Lord Cornwallis to the cruel necessity of putting them to death, and rendered that a necessary mca-sure, which all who knew Lord Cornwallis, knew must have riven him infinite pain. Hence he argued, every gleam of success had been the certain forerunner of misfortune. The loss of the whole army followed the capture of Ticonderoga; the evacuation of Philadelphia had followed other fuccels; and no sooner do we hear of the surrender of Charles-Town to his Majesty’s arms, than we prepare to receive intelligence of (bme new disaster; and a very short time afterwards, news arrives of the loss of Rhode Island, which he was warranted to say, was the only good winter harbour in all America.

Not that he meant tp contend that no advantage was to be derived from the late fuccels obtained by the wonderful good conduct and gallantry of Lord C^ornwallis. Great ad* vantages might be derived from it; it might be made thq foundation of an honourable and happy peace. Let mini* fieri seize and improve the advantage, and they will deserve the thanks and applause of their country. But have they given us any hopes of it ? On the contrary, docs not the ad-Vo^XVXlf, G dress

PARLI AMENTARY A. 1789,

dress now moved for, prove to the conviction of this House, that they mean to pursue the war—they dare not give it up, the unpopularity of it is their security—that, and that only, keeps them in place* An honourable friend of his, who moved the amendment, had laid, we had' fought bravely, we had exerted our vigour, but still our exertions produced no essential advantage. Other gentlemen had praised the efforts this country had made in the course of the war, and argued well from that circumstance, declaring we had acto? nimed all Europe by our exertions—it was most true. The war was began madly, the ininifters made war blipdfold, knd the efforts of this country, so directed, and fp planned, like the efforts of a madman, which always were more power-? ful than those of a reasonable being, had astonished all Eu-Tope—but what good had they done } they had only weaki-cned and reduced our resources. They had exhauftred thp spirits of the people, and1 almost annihilated the power of future exertion. An honourable gentleman had said, that it was improper to term the war unjust, excepting only within those walls : he mull beg leave to differ in opinion; he thought the war unjust, he had said so repeatedly in that House, he had said so elsewhere, and he would say so whenever and wherever he had opportunity. He would say so to the whole world, if his voice had power and extent enough to communicate the idea. But according to the argument of the hon. gentleman to whom he was alluding, what was unjust in its origin became just in its advancement and prosecution. The honourable gentleman thinks now he has got justice on his fide, He has got all. Does the honourable gentleman think that the Americans, once driven by our ipjustice to assert their independency, ought, in justice, tp relinquish that independence, and to alter their established government, and rely on our word for the performance of pur promises }

With regard to the argument of another honourable gentleman [Sir H. Mann] that, without ?ui ally Great Britain had an advantage over a confederacy; if that doctrine were true, Great Britain was the moll flourishing nation in the world. The reasoning of his honourable friend, from whom he was sorry to differ in opinion, on the present point, from the League of Cambray, was certainly far from being con-dufive. For Venice had been left in the circumscribed situation, to which nature had limited her, according tp his own words, and such would be the fate of Britain; a Ration to which it was the e^press object of the powerful I / ’ CPft*

A: t)£ B A t

confederacy of France, Spain, and America, to reduce hcf, as his friend on the floor had very properly and truly liar ted. The grand alliance, in the reign of Louis the Fourteenth of France, had not indeed been so successful, on account, he would say, of the impolicy of England, as might have been expelled; but it gave a check, a wound, to the growing power of France; a blow from which nothing but the wretched conduct of such a ministry as ours could have recovered it. It was common danger and distress that chiefly endear nations, as well as individuals, to one another; and this tie, for the present, united the French and Americans in the closell friendship. But if we held out to the Americans something that may be a separate interest, and that may be a security to them, by removing the common danger, we should dissolve the friendship, and have a chance of treating with her.

The hon. baronet, who seconded the add refs, had talked of the good faith of America being plighted to France, and argued that her obligations to her ally would render her unwilling tb treat separately, that therefore there were no hopes, but from a vigorous war carried on against her as well as against the House of Bourbon. Had he held this language himlclf, and dwelt lb much on the good faith of America, it would have been in all the papers tomorrow or next day, that he was a friend to American rebellion, and to the enemies of this country. But, without al'cribin'g to the Americans any extraordinary degrees of gratitude or perlidy, and consider-ingthem merely as men, whose conduit would, like that of other mortals, naturally be governed by a mixture of both reason and passion, he thought they might be detached from the cause of the House of Bourbon, by omitting to purfut offensive holtilitics against them.

What would be the consequence of withdrawing the troops from America ? American independence undoubtedly. This would be the means of obtaining peace. If the American war could be given up without her being independent—let ministers do it; but they could not : they were therefore wafting,the blood and treasure of this country, without an object.

He repeated the old argument of ministry having perverted nature, and by the singular ill-conduH of the war, given France all the advantages of an island, and reduced Great Britain to the inconveniences of a continent. Wc were, he said, at an hundred times more expence in our

G a ' American

PARLIAMENTARY Aitjte.

American operations, than they are; and we (night ca fry on the war with greater fucceis, by calling all our forces from America, and popring them into the French settle-ntenls. As it wassaid in the lrfd war, that France Was conquered in Germany, ft* if ever America was to be conquered, it mud be in Frabcc.

Gentlemen, he observed, had used a great many hard word* respecting France; he saw no great harm in it, though it could not answer any very good purpose. It served, however, to bring an old saying to his mind; and old fhymgs sometimes contained such drong truths, that they would oc-cafionally obtrude themselves on men’s minds. The old saying he then alluded to, was this : Let us not rail at Alexander, but let us beat him." That was exactly his feeling respecting the House of Bourbon: he was for beating France, rather than for railing at her; and, as he thought, the bed way to do that effectually, would be to pursue the war with America no longer; he was for turning the arms of this country solely against the House of Bourbon.

The honourable gentleman who moved the add refs, had bedowed a particular commendation on a long lid of officers*

— $uem virum aut heroa9 Lyra refonare jubts%

Above all, he had praised the valour and conduit of Earl Cornwallis, who, he was ready to own, deserved the highest applause. But a right honourable gentleman had anted, would gentlemen refuse to thank Lord Cornwallis, and his gallant officers, for their extraordinary gallantry at Camden ? in answer to that quedion, he; for one, made no scruple to declare, that he mod certainly would: be would not thank his own brother, who was now serving in America, for any success he might obtain; as long as he lived, he never would agree to join in a vote of thanks to any officer, whose laurels were gathered in the American war; and his Teafon was, he hated and detected the war, he regarded it as the fountain head of all the mischief and all the calamities which this (inferable country laboured under at this moment.

Mr. Fox took occasion, in the course of his speeeh, advert to many topics not immediately connected with the address. He reprobated minidry for the ill use they had made of the army lad dimmer. The military was, he said, a force at all times inimical to liberty, and therefore it'behoved every Englishmen to watch the army with a jealous

eye.

' jOOgll

h.i78b. DEBATES.

eye. A few months since it was not safe for him. Or arty man in chat House, to speak their sentiments; but now the form was over, it was their duty to speak out. The army were, it was true, called in upon pressing necessity, and used to great advantage in the metropolis, and so far the matter was laudable; what he alluded to as represensible, was, the King’s itrvants having dared to fend orders to officers in all the towns of |the kingdom, giving them power to act at diiicre-tion, without waiting for the authority of the civil magi-iratss, "and this as well in towns where quiet was perfectly itfiored and tumult had subsided, as in towns where there had not been the smallest proneness to tumult. And these orders had not been withdrawn, till almost every election was over. 1 his was an alarming violence to the constitution, and called for enquiry.

He also lcverely arraigned ministers for the insult they had put upon the navy, in appointing a man to a most honourable and lucrative post, who flood convicted of having produced a false and malicious charge against his fbperior officer. There could, he said, be only one of the King’s servants, so abandoned, and so loft to all sensibility and honour, as to hare dared to advise any such measure as the giving the goveroorship of Greenwich Hospital to that object of univer-fal detestation, Sir Hugh Palliser; a man who was himself so coastiousof his own unworthiness, that he had resigned all his employments, and by retiring from the light of mankind, feetned as k were to have courted oblivion. There had never he believed been a precedent of a Vice Admiral’s having Greenwich Hospital. The cause of its being given to Sir Hugh Palliser he did not doubt was not his conduit on board the Formidable, but his subsequent behaviour, his conduit against Admiral Keppel, his attempts to ruin the reputation of that gallant officer; and he felt the less wonder at this, be-eause it was the charaftereftic of the present reign, to run down, vilify, and defame, great and popular men, and to set up, support, countenance and reward the infamous. The late promotion of Sir Hugh Palliser was on a par with the promotion of a man soone of the highest civjl employments in the state, who had been publicly degraded last war, and declared incapable of serving again in any military capacity, at the head of every regiment in the army.

He alluded to what Lord Loughborough had said in his charge to tike Jury at St. - MargaretYHill* last June, relative

to

4$

PA R L lAMENTARY A* 178$,

16 the act of Charles II. which ordained, that) not more than ten persons should sign a petition to Parliament, under a heavy penalty; and laid, the doctrine shewed very plainly, what system prevailed, and what were the wishes of administration, if not refilled, and prevented in time.

He also alluded to Mr. Dunning’s quondam character of the persons who governed this country, under the legal description of He, She, or They, and rung the changes for some time very laughably at the expence of admi niff ration, on those words, and their conduct, charafterizing the first, under the words, He, She, oi They, and the second under the words Him, Her, or Them.

At length after touching on a great variety of topics, he recurred to the famous vote of the late Parliament, relative to the influence of the Crown, and said it was the last dying speech of that corrupted assembly—the death-bed confession of that wicked linner; and it reminded him of the death-bed confession of other abandoned profligates, who after having heaped guilt on guilt, just before they parted with the last breath, lent for a pried, and made confession of their manifold fins and transgrefiions, saying " altho’ our gang flood so firm together, and all agreed in stiffly denying the many atrocious fafts we committed, particularly our greatest crime, and most mischievous offence, it is very true we were guilty, and we hope our fate will prove a warning to those we leave behind us, and induce them to lead better lives, and not by following the fame bad courses, which we have pursued, come to the fame premature and miserable end."

Lory Getrp L°rd George Germain said, as the honourable gentleman ia

Gtrmai*. the course of his speech had thought proper to throw out ul-lulions, which he could not but fee were directed at him, the House might poftibly expect that he should make some reply; he rose therefore once for all, that whenever gentlemen chose to defeend to,the meanness of dealing in personal invectives, and to single him out &6 their object, he was prepared to treat the invectives and the suthoy of them with the contempt they d&served. The honourable gentleman, among the variety of other things which had fallen from him, had laid, that though, Lord Cornwallis merited singular praise for his extraordinary good conduct and gallantry in the affair at Camden, he would refuse to join in a vote of thanks to him, or to any officer, let him deserve ever so much, who should gain a victory, in the progress of the American war j it was manly in

l

K 1786. DEBATES.

the honourable gentleman to make this declaration, and all who thought of the American war as the honourable gentleman did, rauft of course join with him in that declaration; but as he thought very differently, he should vote for the ad-rest, as it had been originally moved; and he would go far- ' ther, he would fairly avow that he should vote for the ad-Test, because he believed, and he hoped, that the war with America, would be prosecuted with vigour. Of that war he had never entertained but one opinion, and that was, that the war was just from the beginning, that it was a necessary war,

2 war which had been unavoidably begun, in support of the undoubted rights of Great Britain, and of the British Parliament, and a war which he had the greatest hopes might be brought, and that speedily, to a happy and honourable con* cLufion.

Gentlemen, he observed, had been very liberal of severity in the course of the debate, and every gentleman who had ipoken in suppqrt of the amendment, had condemned the American war, and called upon ministers to abandon it not one of them however had suggested how this was to be done, or in what manner his Majesty’s servants were to con-du£fc a business of so much difficulty and importance. Gentlemen had talked of the alliance of America and France : if that were the case, was it to be expected that France would suffer America to treat separately with Great Britain ? But in fact, the Congress and the people in power in America were not the allies, but the subjects and dependants of France; in order therefore to open a way for treaty with America, the warmuft be carried on with vigour, and France be humbled through the fides of America, He had as little hope as the honourable gentleman, that this country would be able to (ubdue America; but he had not given up his expectations, that she might regain America. At present he was convinced more than naif the people in America were the friends of this country; it behoved us therefore to free them from the tyranny of Congress, and restore them to their liberties; and if the honourable gentleman who fpokc last, and the other honourable gentlemen who had taken the fame iidc of the question, were so extremely anxious to distinguish themselves in the cause of freedom, here was fair occassion for the full ex-escife of that laudable* impulse; the honourable gentlemen tyould fulfil their professions, by assisting in the support of

le

PAR LI AMENTARY A. 178*.

measures calculated to free the Americana from the illegal,

bppreflive, and arbitrary government of their present rulers*

He could tell the gentlemen on what condition Congreft Was ready to treat with Great Britain : allow America her independency, and Congress would treat tomorrow. vtte, however, would not be the man to treat with America on this condition, and he hoped he should not live to see the day when a man could be found, who would venture to take that ground of treaty, and for this reason : the deftrilftion of this country, he was persuaded, would be the consequence. Gen-*-tlemen advised the withdrawing of our fleets and armies frotn America : what would follow ? France and America united, would in a very short time fend a powerful force againu Newfoundland; they would seize upon our fisheries, add destroy that great nursery of our navy. Canada would fall next, and the possessions we yet had in the West Indies, would be wrested from us, and he had not the least doubt but we should feel ourselves vigorously attacked in every quarter of the globe. He did not therefore helitate to declare, that his opinion was for prosecuting the war with the utmost vigour; he thought the existence of this country depended on it, and was convinced that any other line of conduct would be the high-eft impolicy; it would be a spectcs of phrenzy, which nothing but acfpair could occasion.

Gentlemen had dwelt cn the ill success of the war, and had expressed themselves as if this were the moment ofdefponden-cy; he saw no reason for adopting melancholy sentiments. The last campaign had not been unfucccfsful. In America ^ve had gained considerably. In the West Indies, what advantages had France and Spain to boast of, notwithstanding the great superiority of Mons. Guichen over Admiral Rodney ? The British admiral had now the command of those seas, and the important island of Jamaica, which day after day, for the whole summer together, we had been taught to believe loft, was perfectly secure. Next year he would venture to assure the House, wc should have a fleet superior, both in number of ships and in point of equipment, to any wc ever had, either in this or in the last war. Upon all theie considerations, therefore, he should vote for the add refs, and he felt the less difficulty in doing so, because the addrefa bound the House to nofpeciflc measures, but left them at full liberty to act as prudence and wisdom should hereafter dictate.

His

A* 1780* D E B A, *1* £ S.

49

His Lordship, before he fat down, apologized to the House for having troubled them, declaring that as his noble friend in high office, who was much better able to have given thtf House satisfaction on any point than he was, was absent, he thought the House would expert that something should be fold, in reply to what had fallen from the supporters of the amendment; at the same time he begged leave to say, that his noble friend desired him to allure the House, that he lamented exceedingly his being detained from his duty, and that if any thing which required a particular reply should be dropped in the debate, or if any gentleman should wish for an answer to questions which his noble friend alone could bed speak to, he would on a future day mod readily satisfy the House respecting them.

Admiral Kepptl said, he should not have taken the liberty Admiral to have said a word, considering what the House had heard from his honourable relation, after whom he was conscious he was extremely ill qualified to rife as a speaker, had not the noble Lord talked of our having a better navy next year, than we had at any time lad war. He wished the noble Lorid had not gone quite so far; he did not expert to fee a better navy, and mould, as he believed the country would, be perfectly satisfied to fee as good a navy afloat next year, as we had afloat in the course of lad war. The admiral complained of the Icandalous neglect of our navy, both in fitting it out, in equipment, and in its operations. He said, the officers had done their duty, and they always would do their duty he was convinced, but they had not been properly supported. Why was Sir George Rodney left as he had been, without reinforce* ment, after he had written repeatedly for more ships. There were those present who knew he was speaking fads; if a few shipshad been sent tQ Mr. Rodqey early, he might have done a very essential service to his country, which for want of a few more ships he was obliged to decline attempting. The whole conduit of the war, he said, shewed the want of vigour and of wisdom in administration, and the only reason why France had not been more successful against us, was, he believed, because the French cabinet were equally divided, equally irresolute, and their councils as bad as ours; it was their want of decision, and not our prudence, that saved us*

But after all, they had been suffered to send out a fleet and army to Rhode Island under Monsieur Tcrnay, unmolefied

Vol. XVII*.

by

1

j* PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&X

by ffy, When We bad it in our power to prevent it. At that time, had a few of Mr. Walfengham's ships been taken, and added to others ready, they might; have (ailed and blocked up Brest harbpor, and by that means have rendered Ternay’s attempting to fail impra&icabW f buty according to the usual custom of the present administiation, who in all their operations were too late, they made no effort to prevent the mifchjef, they contented themselvea with tardily endeavouring to apply a bad remedy. They did 4ot offer to (lop Temay; but they sent a fleet to follow him. At the time Ternay failed, the Ad/niral aflertedy that there was a naval force lying in Caufand Bay, at Plymouth, capable of intercepting him. This was a fact which he dared ministers to deny; a fa&, which he pledged himself to prove at the bar of the Bdufe, whenever the (loufc should think, proper to call upon him for that purpose. After putting, this very ftroogly, the admiral took notice of the late appointment of a certain person to the government of Greenwich Bospital, and said, that bad as his opinion of his MajestyV rnimfters was, he was convinced, to adopt the expression of his honourable relation, there could be but one man in administration so abandoned, as to be capable of recommending that person to his Majesty, as fit to fill the office of governor of Greenwich Hospital. It was owing to that man, that thf navy had been thrown into its present lamentable statp of party and division. All the diflenfions* all the uneafinefe which prevailed in his Majesty’s fleets,—*and that they did) prevail to a very great degree, was sufficiently notorious—was, afcrihable to the person to whom he was alluding, and the House might gjuefe whom he meant.

Henri in, Alderman Ncuwham began with saying, that preAimptuous *wn am' as it might appear in him, to rife to speak on the very first day of his taking, his (eat in that House, yet when he considerea that the question under debate concerned the general i ate reds of his country, in which the commerce of the picy-of Lon-, don, which he had the honour, to reprefeitft was ipFtnaedia^ekyr concerned, he made no feruple to lay a fide the difficulty, syld to trouble the H°use with a few words upon the fuhjedk then in difeufliort. The address which had been moved and fpconded, he most certainly should vote against, and that, because it tended to countenance and support the measure# of the present ministers, who .had; m hia opinion, been guilty of the grofTeft neglect of our. commerce, and Of the most

I scandalous

A* 17*

£> £ A t t *

foaadfrlohs partiality in the importion of taxes* The Aider-loan founded this censure upon two different in ft a aces of ill ^ewduft, which he Hated to the House. The one was, the OCgleft of the Admiralty in fending out two such valuable Jws as the Quebec and West India fleets, under weak apd improper convoys; and the other, the little attention the minister of finance had paid to the petition of the City of London, on their alledging, that as the house-ta* flood* the tax was oppreflively partial, the inhabitants, inferior traders and Shopkeepers of the City of London, paying more towards the revenue 1b raised, for their houses and Ihops, dedicated to business and the necessary suppqrt of them and their families, than the nobility and gentry paid for their gorgeous afcfl stately palaces in the country, kept merely for the purposes of luxury, which ought ever to be the more immediate ohjeft of taxation, than the.hooeft industry of men in trade and bufinek. Having urged this latter point fully, the Alderman adverted to thedormer, and began that head of his argument, with declaring, that the conduit of Captain Graves who had foiled as Commodore of the Quebec convoy, was univeHally reprobated and condemned upon Cfiangp. He fold, he meant no injury to the gentleman’s ch a rafter, .Tie had not the honour of being acquainted with him, but tbofo who were competent to judge of the duty of die feryice upon which Captain Graves had been employed, (the ship Captains who made a part of the fleet under his protection)* made do icfuple to say, that the convoy was much too weak in itself* and that it was rendered Hill less effectual, and mor# inadequate, by the little attention paid to the merchantmen by the Commodore, whole foie object seemed to have been me making of prizes, and who left the fleet to chance, while be was wholly occupied in the furtherance of his own interest; in consequence of which neglect, some American privateers min among them, and made several of the most yaluable mips easy captures. The Alderman statefl further that t^eir lading was chiefly stores and commodities destined for use and confomption in Canada, and therefore equally acceptable in New England, (the prizes having been carried into Bolton); lo that the tods was doubly an injury to this country, inasmuch u the freight of the ships fell heavy on the insurers here at home, and proved a valuable acquifltion to our enemies across foe Atlantic* With regard to the fleets captured oft Cape

Ha St.

le

a* PARLIAMENTARY 1786.

St. Vincent, the alderman complained greatly of the made-quateness of the convoy, considering, that there were five East Indiamen among them. He censured extremely' thoffc fleets being fufFered to touch at Madeira for the purpose of taking in wine, when every man at all acquainted with nautical matters, had declared, that it Was highly impolitic, and that they ought to have kept more to the weuward. Touching at Madeira at that time of the year, and suffering it to be known that such was their i tention, appeared to him to be just as absurd, as if a man was to tell a robber, who he knew wished to attack him, which way he meant to travel, and what inn he should put up at on the road. The Aldermen mentioned also the unaccountable conduit of the Captain of the Ramifies, who, he said, he understood, was esteemed a gallant and worthy officer; but he had been informed, that the night previous to the capture, the captain of the Ramilie* deferred nine large ships a head of him; every than he had talked to upon the subject, had given it as their opinion, that the moment these nine {hips were discovered, the lignal for dispersing should have been hoi fled. What could the captain take these nine ships for ? He was pretty sure they could not be British merchantmen, he mud therefore, drange as the idea was, have taken them for Spanish merchantmen, and under the hope of being able to make prizes of them, had risqued and loll the valuable fleet under his convoy* Having dwelt for fomc time on the particulars of the two captures, the Alderman at length concluded with declaring, that all he had said, had flown purely and entirely from his zealous regard for his country; he had her interests as much at heart as any gentleman on either fide of that House; with a view to further them, and in duty to the city he had the honour to represent, the commerce of which, he thought, had been scandalously neglecded, he had now spoken his sentiments, and he ever would speak them honedty and impartially, and not from any personal dislike of his Majesty’s mi aiders; he had not the honour to know one of them, and had as little private p questo them as he had attachment to any of those who wished to get into their place*

Mr. ptntan. Mr. Penton contended that there was no ground for complaining of the inefficiency of the Quebec convoy, since, when the day of enquiry came, it would be proved to have been equal in force to any convoy sent out with the fame

trade

floosie

53

A. 17*. DEBATES*

trade at any former period. With regard to the captain of the Ramilies, Mr. Penton said,. that he was as brave and worthy an officer as any in the service; that orders were already given to bring him to a court-martial, as well for the fetisfhaion of the public, as for the purpose of enabling him to dear his character; it was not right therefore for gentlemen in that House to prejudge the conduct of an officer so circumstanred, neither was it warrantable or decent to say a word to the prejudice of any officer, till he had been fairly and legally put upon his defence.

Mr. Afincbin Hated a sass within his own knowledge. When the Spanish squadron was ready to fail for America, it was suggested, that by the addition of five ships to Wailing-ham’s squadron the whole might be prevented from joining Goicheo, if not destroyed; but five mips could not be found in all the ports of Britain.

Mr. Hartley approved of that part of Lord George Ger- nr, main’s speccb, wherein he said, he hoped not to subdue but to /<y. regain America. He preifed him very earnestly to think of feme conciliatory plan, some object, which being ^eld out to the Americans, might detach them from France.

The House divided. Ayes for the address 212. Nona 13a

November 7.

Just as the speaker was putting the 'question upon bringing up the report on the address, Mr. Fox rose, and laid he did not mean to give the House trouble, or to say a great deal against the bringing up of the report: he had spoken his sentiments very fully upon the subjedk the day before.

He now rofeoniy to take a moment’s notidt of a few words which had fallen from a noble Lord high in office, in tha coorfe of the debate, the preceding evening—-not wbrds per-fenal to himself, for if there were any such in the noble Lord’s speech, they were so qualified with Ifs and Whsns, that no man could surely think he ought to take notice of them; the words he alluded to were public words, words of bufioefs, words of a grave and serious nature, and words which he should undoubtedly have called upon the noble Lord to explain the preceding evening, had he not lpoken before for a long time, and had he not seen, that the House were weary of the debate, and anxious to have the question put. As these words, however, had lain upon his mind ever hoes, he could not now forbear calling upon the noble Lord

$4 PARLIAMENT AS Y A: 178A.

to tell that House, what he meant by them. The word* taierc, if he took the noble Lord rightly, that u Amend would treat with this country tomorrow, provided we allowed her independency."—What he wanted to know was, whether America would treat With Great Britain for herfeif as a separate power, provided her independency was allowed, or whether the noble Lord meant merely'to say, that provided we allowed the independence of America, America and France would treat. If the noble Lord meant the former, it became him to tell the House so, because in his opinion, the noble Lord in that case would be the messenger of a piece of extraordinary good news to the House; the chief argument urged the preceding day in behalf of the addrefe, (and a good # argument, he really thought it* as far as.it went,) having been the argument on which the honourable gentleman who seconded the address principally reded} viz. the extreme dif* faulty and the little probability of our being able to separate America from France. He therefore called upon the noble Lord to explain.

Lord George Germain thanked the honourable gentleman *• main. por jiving g}ven.him an opportunity of making himself underdood. on a point, respecting which, he had not perhaps been so explicit as he meant to have been; his words were, if he remembered rightly, that America would never treat with this country, unless her independency were allowed as a preliminary; allow her that, and (he would treat tomorrow; bat from all the information he had received, he did not believe, nor had he underdood, that the Congress of America had at any time eXprcded an inclination, or given iiidructions to any pc Hon, to treat with Great Britain without the content of France.

Mr. Tex.Mr. Fox said, that now he perfectly underdood the mat-

ter, and if America would no other wise treat than jointly \frith France <->-■

Lr*d George : Lord George Germain interrupted him, and said (< those were

*rmain' not my words, though near them; but they convey a different meaning—I did not say jointly with France. I mean the Congress of America, if you allow them 'imiepcndehcc, will treat, but not without communication wjili France, nor without the consent of France.

Mr. F$x» Mr. Fox made a short reply, lamenting our dtuatidiu He Aid, if America would have treated separately, on the condition.

A. DEBATES. $j

dirion of her ledependertcy being allowed, that was fhd very ground, on which a gentleman, now no longer im pajliament [Mr. D. Hartley] thought himself an enemy to allowing *• f America independency, had always contended this colintry ought to*treat, provided we coukl not take more advantageous ground.

Mr. H. W. Hartley said a few words on the fame subject. Mr. H. rr.

Lord Mahonlaid, if the noble Lord, by declaring that

America had never give* inflruflrons to treat with Great j^rti*" Britain but On condition of having her irtdependency allowed, meant that CctOgress had never shewn a disposition to treason other terms, the noble Lord wfcs mifhken; because in the answer of Congress to the Commissioners, which he had in His band, the Congress gave them the option of two conditions, vi2. for Great Britain either to withdraw her fleets and armies, or to allow their independency.

On the question being put, the report was brought up and read in the ul'ual form.

1 be House then came to a resolution not to Receive any pe-i tions for private bills after the 6th day of February next.

Nvvcmbc' 8.

The House waited on the King at St. James’s, with tho I following add rels.

*Tke humble Jlddrcfs of tlx House of Commons to the King* Most gracious Sovereign,

We; your Majesty’s moS dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty the thanks of this House, for your most gracious speech from the throne.

We beg leave to congratulate your Majesty upon the fafo delivery of the Queen, and the birth of another prince; and to afJure your Majesty, that we take a sincere part in every event that contributes to your Majesty’s domestic hap-, piness.

We acknowledge, with the utmost gratitude, your Majesty’s condescending goodness, in your desire to meet your Parliament at this time, and your gracious expressions of attention and regard {o the disposition and wishes of your people.

We are impressed >yith a due sense erf the difficulties of the preferrt arduous conjuh&ure, when the whole force of France and Spain is combined and exerted to support the rebellion ip your Majesty’s colonies, and to attack all the dominions of ypur crown; and when it is b?t too tnaiufeft

to

PARLIAMENTARY A- 1780.

to all the world, that the real views of this moil unjust confederacy are to give a fatal Mow to the commerce and power of Great Britain, in resentment for the successful efforts which this nation has so often made, to save the liberties of Europe from the ambition of the House of Bourbon.

We have observed with great and just satisfaction, that your Majesty, by the support of your Parliament, and the Jspirit and bravery of your fleets and armies, has, under the Divine prote&ion, been enabled to withstand -the formidable attempts of your enemies; and we offer our most cordial congratulations to your Majesty on the iignal succesles which vhaVe attended the progress of your Majesty’s arms in the provinces of Georgia and Carolina, and in which the conduct and courage of your Majesty’s officers, and the valour and intrepidity of your troops, nave been so eminently distin-guished.

We consider your Majesty’s earnest desire and solicitnde to lee the war brought to a happy conclusion as the strongest proof of your paternal regard for your people: but we entirely agree with your Majesty, that fate and honourable terms of peace can only be secured by such powerful preparations and vigorous exertions as shall convince, our enemies that your Majesty and your Parliament are united in a firm and jtedfaft resolution to decline no difficulty or danger in the defence of their country, and for the maintenance of their essential interests.

; We are thoroughly sensible that these cannot be effected without great and heavy expences; ami we will grant your Majesty such supplies as the lading security and welfare of your kingdoms, and the exigency of affairs, inall be found

to require.

Your Majesty may rely, with entire confidence, on the most zealous and afte&ionate attachment of your faithful Commons to your person, family, and government; and we acknowledge, with the liveliest sentiments. of reverence and gratitude, that the constant tenor of your Majesty’s conduct (hews, that the foie objects of your royal care and concern are to promote the happiness of your people, and to preserve inviolate our excellent constitution in church *n4 state.

His Majesty's Anftutr*

Gentlemen,

, J thank you for this very dutiful address>

I I receive

le

A. i jto. DEB A T E 57

I receive your congratulations on the increase of my fa* mily, and on the happy recovery of the Queen, as a mark of your loyalty and afte&ion. '

I have a fink) confidence that the support of my faithful Commons, and the spirit of my brave people, engaged in a just cause, and fighting for their country and their essential interestt, will, in the end, enable me to surmount all difficulties, and to attain the object of all ihy measures and all‘my exertions, a sese and honourable peace.

Nwember a.

At three o’clock the order of the day was called for, for the House to go into a committee on the King’s speech. Sit*

Gtey Cooper was called for several times, and answer being returned, w that he was not come down," the cry was, Adjourn, adjourn. The order of the day prevailed, and Mr*

Ord went to the table as chairman.

As soon as Mr. Ord, as usual, had read the King’s speech,

Mr. Byng rose and observed, that in all that speech there Mr. Byngi was not one word tending to tell the people that their burthens should be lightened and their grievances redrefl&L This country, he laid, had nearly exhausted its resources, and it was absolutely impossible for her much longer to continue raising the immense sums annually requisite to support die expence of the war. For the enftiing year he was awaro the burthen would not bear so heavy on the people as it had done of late, because the renewal of the East India Company’s charter, and other matters in prospect, would materially assist in producing and Jurnishing the chief of the money wanted.

It was high time however to look forward, and to endeavour to put an end to such an expensive, fruitless, and impra&i-cable war. Mr. Byng complained of the careless manner in which thefupplies were usually granted, and said, the indifference with which that House was treated by ministers,in points that peculiarly fell within the province of Parliament, was aftonifliing; ne heartily wished to see the good oldcustom of our ancestors revived, and that the House of Commons should do its duty, and infill on a redress of grievances previous to their voting a supply.

Sir Bbilip Jennings Clerh said, there was in fa# an appa- Sir P. Jew rent careleuness in the manner in which ministers called upon*"*1 c"rk that House to vote supplies, but in fa& there was a great deal of art in it. By doing the business with seeming negligence, ministers carried an essential point. They got the House Vol. XVIII. I ' carelessly

s®

Sir Ge$r£$

Tongt*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

carelessly to'vote the supplies before Christmas, and then, when the ways and means came under confederation after Christmas, if gentlemen objected to any part of them, they were told by the ministers, that having voted a supply, the House had pledged itself to vote ways and means; that the proper time of objection was past, and that the objection should have been made to the supply. On this account Sir Philip begged that gentlemen would attend at the time when the specific articles of the supply were to be voted. At present he had no objection to a general motion, to vote his Majesty a supply, because a supply of some fort must necessarily be voted; but he should have a good deal to say when the time for voting the supplies speciftcally came, and he thought that day ought to be previously fixed and known, that gentlemen might not be taken by surprise.

Sir George Yonge complained of the insulting and neglectful manner in which Parliament was treated. They were now called on to vote a supply to his Majesty, and there was not a single lord of the treasury, nor any one person belonging to the treasury in the House.

While Sir George was speaking, Sir Grey Cooper entered, of which Sir George took notice.

Sir Grey Cooper made an apology to the House for his absence, declaring he had been detained by his duty at the treasury, and had imagined he should have been in time, had he come half an hour later, but the moment he heardthe House was gone into a committee of supply, he hastened to it. He lamented that there should prevail any idea of ne-gle&, and allured the House, that nothing could be more oistant from his intentions at any time than incurring the charge of wanting respect for it. His wish was, to have bu-fiaefs began earlier each day, than it had been in former sessions, and whatever order the House should be pleased to make* as to the hour of proceeding to business, he should pay ftri& attention thereto.

*. Jen- Sir Philip Jennings Clerke rose again, and urged the necef-*i*gsCUrke. fity of appointing some certain day. for voting the supply, and letting the House have proper notice of it.

The question was then put, that a supply be granted to his Majesty, which was agreed to by the House.

November 10.

sir Sir Grey Cooper moved, that an a£k of the 17th of his

c*ftr? present Majesty, entitled an act for enabling his Majesty to secure

Sir Grrf

•C'teftr*

Sir P.

SB

Am DEBATES.

secure and confine persons guilty or suspected of high treason in the colonies or on the high teas, be continued for another year.

Sir George Tonge thought this too serious a matter to made a thing of course, or to be agitated in io thin a House. r9Ml*‘ By the description in the bill, every £nglifhman might poifi-bly, on pretence of suspicion of treasonable practices, be committed to prison. A matter of such serious importance as the fuipension of the habeas corpus adfc, Sir George infilled, ought not to be decided upon but in a full House; he therefore hoped that the first reading of the bill now moved would be in a hill of the House.

rey Cooper did by no means consider the continuance Sir Grty of the act in question as a matter of course. It had been ori-ginally well weighed, and feriouily considered, in a very full House, some years ago, and its necessity acknowledged and determined. At that time the rebels in America were the only enemies we had to contend with; since that time the rebellion had been supported by France and Spain: fb that the necessity of continuing the act had become greater.

Mr. Baker agreed with Sir G. Yonge, in regard to the mo mr. Btjttr* tion before them, for the following reasons:—During the course of three or four years upwards of four hundred persons had been imprisoned for treafbnable practices, and not one of them had been brought to a triaL Why had they not been brought to a trial ? Or how long were they to remain without one? Are ministers, and not "the laws of the land, to determine what shall be the fate of British subjects ? For it appears that ministers have taken upon them to compromise matters ib far as to make an exchange of persons suspected or guilty of treason for other prisoners : whence it appears that arbitrary will, and not any certain rule, is followed in this matter.

He hoped, therefore, that the bill moved fqr would be conli-dered in a full House.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerksrofe about three o’clock to make a Sir?. Ja*

motion of which he had given previous notice on a former ■* day. He prefaced his motion by saying, he should make no apology to the House for troubling them so early in the Sef-non, as he concluded every member of a new parliament would be glad to give an earned to his constituents of his future good intentions towards them. The general voice of file people, expressed by their numerous petitions presented to that House (by which alone their true sentiments were to be dtfcovered) had called aloud for a more frugal expenditure of

1 2

the

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*0.

the public money, and a reduction of unfceceftary places and unmerited pensions. A right honourable gentleman at that time, and now a member of this House, ever zealous for the interest of the public, had propoied that a commitee should be appointed to enquire into the causes of their complaints, and to regulate and adjust the public accounts; the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, alarmed at the proportion, and shrinking from the appeal, and a tribunal so impartially and so honourably constituted, stepped in between the gentleman and the public, in a manner seldom practised in that House; produced a bill, appointing a certain number of his own friend? to try the imputed crimes or mismanagement ofhimself and hh colleagues in office, annexing a very beneficial salary to each of these gentlemen; by this management the public was put into the situation of a traveller at a Dutch inn. When he complains to the landlord of the extravagance of his bill, he takes it away and makes a considerable addition to each article, which the unwary (hunger is obliged to pay. When the people require a reduction of places and pensions, the noble Lord answers them with the appointment of half a dozen new commissioners, with a salary of one thousand pounds per ann. each, besides the expence of a large house, housekeepers, &c. and a new establishment of every kind; every part of which expence might have been avoided, and the public at lead as well and more satisfactorily served by a committee of this House, as proposed by the right honourable gentleman* J allow it was the opinion of one of the greatest lawyers, and of the greatest parliamentary authority at that time, that the appointment could not be lawfully made; that the Cora* mons of England were alone intruded with the purle of the people, and they had no right to delegate that trust to any other persons; and it must appear to every -body that they cannot or ought not to have such right, as there is not a man in this House who would suffer his steward to put his affairs into the hands of any other person, without his consent.

When the noble Lord named his commissioners, he began with an officer of the army, of high rank and great reputa* tion, but one who had a long account of his own to settle with the public; bur the known honour and integrity of that gentleman, a (Tilled with the interest of the noble Lord, over* ruled the objection. The next gentlemen proposed by the noble Lord were two Masters in Chancery* it was remark*

iflol D £ B A T E 6t

tS9 that theie gentlemen, in their own departments, were noi mochaccustomed to accelerate business; but it was answered, that they would have sufficient leisure during the summer vacation to attend to this great business, and much might be done in a few months, and indeed much ought to be done, as the commission was to lad only one year. Presuming therefore, that much has been done, I mean to move u that they now report a progress to the Housea propofi-tion which I think cannot be refused by the noble Lord : for in the lad week in the lad fession, I gave notice that I meant to propose that a committee of the House should be appointed to superintend the commissionfers of public accounts.

The noble Lord at that time said the motion was unnecef* fary, for they were always amenable to the cal) of the House, and they might require a report of their progress whenever they pleased. 1 therefore hope the House will think proper to exercis'e that power at this time, not only to be informed what progress they have made, but also as it may be some guide to direct us in the making our future grants. The commitee of supply fat yesterday for the fird time, when the general proportion only was agitated, that a supply be granted to his ‘Majesty; but when the specific ones come under consideration, it may be of use to us to look back to the appropriation lad year of the different sums that will now be re* quired for the fame purposes; and how far it may be right to enlarge or diminish our grants; for these reasons, he said, he then moved,

" That the commissioners of the public accounts do fprth-with report a progress to this House."

The above motion whs agreed to nem. con*

Sir Philip then desired to know at what hour it was to be underdood the speaker was to take the chair, or at what hour public business was to be entered upon; let it be three o’clock* or half after three or four, but let the hour be fixed.

Sir yofcpb Mawbeyagain supported Sir Philip, iniiding, ei- sir Jofoi

ther that a later hour, as one or twelve* be appointed for xhtMtwb* adjournments, or that some hour should be fixed for the orders of the day being read* He seemed to wait for some reply from

., The Speaker, who said, that for his own part he had not aTheS/wlir*

wish one way or the other, he would be directed by the House; at the same time he observed, that the necessity of

meeting

6z. PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*0.

meeting was not always the fame, that, according to circular fiances, there might be a latitude of meeting early or late.

Si r dories Sir Charles Bunbury observed, that no particular hour cook) M unitary.be fixed for reading the orders of the day, for that would depend on the time taken up by the private business. He conceived, that the reason why the House met at so late anbour, was the necellity the servants of the crown were under of attending other business in the early part of the dajr; yet he was for fixing the hour of adjournment not at nine or tei^ but twelve or one.

Sir Gtor $ Sir G. Yonge observed, that an alteration in the nominal T$ngt. hour of meeting was of no manner of consequence, but be wjshed an hour might be fixed for the orders of the House being moved.

Mr Chorla Charles Jcnhinfon‘said, it was not a regard to the con-Jenkin/cn. venience of ministry only that delayed the meetipg of the House; lawyers, merchants, and other men of business, were employed in the forepoon in private business, and could not attend that of the public. t

A conversation of this kind was continued for fopae time; but a motion having been made and seconded, that the House do adjourn, it was carried without a division*

The Report of the Commijponersfor examining, and fating

the Public A: counts of this Kingdom, to the Honourable the Horn

' of Commons,in pursuance of an order dated the icth of November, 1780. /

To the honourable the knights, citizens, and burgesses in Parliament assembled.

In obedience to an order of this honourable House, bearing date the 10th November instant, KC That the commissioners appointed by an act, passed in the last session of Parliament, for examining, taking, and stating the public accounts of this kingdom, do forthwith report to this Houfp what progress they have made therein;"

We report, That as soon as the act, by which we were con-fittuted, was passed, and a proper place for our reception could be provided, we entered upon the execution of the act:

L.

A* 1780. DEBATES.

and after the necessary arrangements of office, and forma of proceeding were settled, we in the first place, in obedience to the expressdi rest ions of the act, made use of all the necessary means for coming at a knowledge of the names of all persons k the receipt of public money, or to whom public money unaccounted for had been issued, that we might direct precepts for an account of the balances in their* hands, in order to examine what part thereof might be applied to the public service.

From time to time, as such information (not procured without difficulty, nor without delay) has been obtained, we have issued precepts in consequence thereof, to which, for die most part, returns have been made. We have received accounts of the balances in the hands of the receivers general of the land tax, and of the representatives of thoie who are dead; of the different treasurers, and representatives of trea-fhrers of the navy, whnfe accounts are unsettled; of the different payiriafters, and representatives of paymasters, of his Majesty’s forces, whose accounts are unfettlea; and of various other ctaffes of public accountants: reports of which will be made to his Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, in pursuance of the directions of the a£V, as soon as such exami-ottions have bc^n tal^en as are necessary to enable us to judge what part of thofelbalances may be immediately taken out of the hands of the public accountants, and applied to the public service.

We began these enquiries with the receivers general of the land-tax, of whom we have examined as many as we thought necessary, not only as to the public money in their hands, but aUo as to the mode of collecting, receiving, paying in, and accounting for, the taxes received by them. Upon the first part of this enquiry, namely, as to the public money in their hands, we are preparing a report, which we hope will be soon ready to be presented.

As the excise is one of the most considerable branches of the public revenue, we have examined several of the officer* in its different departments, as well to be informed of the mode and manner in which it is collected and paid in, as to enable us to judge with what comparative expence, efficacy, and dispatch, the land tax is collected and paid into the Exchequer.

PARLIAMENTARY A.1780.

The returns of balances from the treasurers of the navy, whose names as public accountants ft and first in the general certificate of accounts depending in the office of the auditors of the imprest, are now under our consideration. We have examined the Ri >ht Honourable Earl Temple, representative of the late George Grenville,; Esq. the Right Hon. Lord Viscount Barrington; the Right Hon. Lord Viscount Howe; Sir Gilbert Elliot* Baronet, representative# of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet; and the Right Hon. Welbore Ellis; and we are now collecting such other information a* may enable us to report upon the balances respectively in their hands.

Inthe execution of the trust vested in us, we have proceeded with as much expedition as we found confident With the difficulty and importance of the object# before us,1 and an exalt and impartial attention to the interests of the public; and the rights of individuals.

A commission of accounts, to the extent and for the purposes expressed in the ad, is not an ordinary institution; and we have been obliged to content ourielves with the suggestionr of our own understandings, unaffifled either by the lights of our ancestors or the experience of cotemporanes. A refer- ence to the minutes of our proceedings, will, if* called for*! shew that we have at least been diligent and perfetcring,

Guy Carleton, (L. S.)

T. Anguish, (L. S.)

A. PlGGOTT, (L.S.)

Richard Neave, (L. S.)

Samuel Beachcroft, (L.S.)

George Drummond, (L.S.)

4 \

L.

A/1780.

DEBATE

An Account of the Grof sand Nett Produce of the the

loft Four Teartfas far as the fame can be made up, the

Tear 17 7 4 to the Year 1 •jj^ncltdwe, difinguishing each Year

in the Division of JamaiVefi Esq. ouc of the Auditors of the Court of

Exchequer* 1774-

'Grofc Charge* - Nett produce

Counties.

Bedford — '---

Berk* — —

Backs ——■ —■, -

Cambridge —— —■

Cornwall — —

Cumberland and West-morlaod — —

Devon

Dorset — ■.

Essex — —

Glocester

Hereford

*Hertford — —

Huntingdon

Kent ----—

Lancaster — —

Leicester •- —

London, Welhninster and Middlesex

Norfolk

Northampton and Rutland Oxford —

Salop —•

Somerset

Southampton

Stafford .....

Suffolk — —

Surrey "■'»

Sussex —. —r

Whitehall and St. James’s

Palaces -

Warwick ..........—--

Wilts — ----

Worcester ■

York —■

Durham and Northumb;

£-*>1.416 .30,6^1 35,357 *4*5*5 *3*957

5,069

61,937

*4,809

67,049

36.47*

*6,3«7

3».7>*

J 1,622

61,914

>6.745

26,013

1

ia

5

6

13

l8

8

«4

7

o

18

19 3

16

10

*21,544 *3»*33 0

39,899 16

29,041 6

".793 54.35® 41,305 *0,340 55.*32 49*599* *5 45,026 14

o

7

*3

3

33,065 X4 39,843 6

38.743 5 35,186 15 68,626 18 18,861 13

3i

ioi

o

4i

hoi

U4

4i

T

11 I

5

9i

0}

54

9i

*°i

3i

11

4*

84

84

3

9l

2i

11

9

lofuprn returned, and 1,338,943 U 10$ given in charge, to be levied by the - - lherii$l I T-

- 20,830.

39,808

34^>5

23.855

23,3*2

- 4,932 l6

- 60,269 *7 24,038 14 65,244 o 34.5 «* »4.*«3

- 30.846

i»,3°9

*0,*47 ,5»3* *S.3i3

o

6

*9

4

7

*«<’.678 19 7

38.8*6

*8, *43

-21,200

5*»75*

• 40,096 19*793 53,648 48,264 -43,8i+

9

19

3

l6

3

3 7

4 6

d.

i}

10

8

nl

o

7t

4

7*i

e

6*

*i

4J

5i

5i

*1

7i

2-1

*,444 *3 29,038 15

37.7°° 1 *4,334 66,691 9 18,259 *®

8{

li

■1

2

6J

10J

7

n{

Totals V#t. XVIII*

X. 1,338,043 II io|

K

i,301,*82 3 405

76* >3 4i

1*30*034 17 *i

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178®,

Counties.

Bedford — Berks —

Bucks ----

Cambridge Cornwall —r.

Cumberland an morland -— Devon

Dorset —— Essex

1775* 3 $• per Pound.

Charge, Nett Produce*

Glocester —

Hereford —

Hertford — —

Huntingdon —

Kent ---- —

Jbancaster ----

Leicester —

London, Westminder, and Middlesex Norfplk

Oxford — •—

Salop, —

Somerset

Southampton -—

Stafford 1

Suffolk ^7-

Surrey ——

Suffer —

Whitehall and St. James

Palaces ----

Warwick -—

Wilts — —

Worcester —-York —-

Durham and Northumberland —--

Insupert returned, and givoi in Charge, to be levied by the (lierlfis —

£■ 1, j. s. 4.

21,416 2 5i 20,839 9 _» ■X

30,631 19 of 29,806 2 *4

35*357 6 *4 34*4°> S 8f

*4.5‘5 12 37 *3.855 10 0

*3.957 6 *i *3,3‘* 4 4*

5.o69 6 6» 4.93* t6 7i

61,039 *3 oi 60,271 16 4l

24.809 ID 4t 24,038. 5 9l

67,049 8 10I ^5*44 0 -8i

35.478 11 Si 34,5*3 5

‘5.3®7 9 O *4.895 5

3‘.7‘* 0 4i 3».77* M

11,6 2 18 9 n,3°9 l% 8

61,914 *9 XII 60,247 16 H

‘5.745 26,018 3 3r *5.3* 4 2|

16 9i *5>3*8 4

*‘,544 10 oi 215,578 19 Ai

63,238 0 7l *1*53$ 4 It

39.897 16 9 i 38.683 3 «I

29,041 6 10 i 28,242 8 ii

*'.793 0 oi 21,206 3 7i

53,358 4 10* 52,689 19 3

41,205 16 6 i 40,096 S 10

20,340 *7 81 *9»793 3 8i

55»‘3* 18 8{ 53,648 7 io{

49,499 x5 4i 48,053 3 9*

45,026 16 64 43,814 8

*3,065 H 8* *,44413 *i

*9,842 6 2 29,038 1

38,743 2Ctl80 5 15 H 37,700 1 24,386 18 *i|

68,622 6 I 66,77410

l8,86l x3 9 18,262 l4 3f

,338,048 19 9} 1,301,045 2 3l

—• — ' 1,001 *3 3*

,338,048 19 9} 1,302,046 *5 6i

A. 1786.

DEBATES.

61

Counties.

Bedford

Berks ——

Bucks

Cambridge — Cornwall

Cumberland and Weil-morland Devon — —

DoriLt ----

Essex ----

Glocester ——

Hereford —

Hertford — —

Huntingdon

Kent — ——

Lancaster

Leicester —

London, Westminster, and Middlesex —

Norfolk — —

Northampton and Rutland

Oxford ----

Salop - ———

Somerset

Southampton ----

Stafford ■'■

Suffolk — ----

Surrey .....—•

Sussex — -.....

Whitehall and St. James’s Palaces — ■—

Warwick —

Wilts — ----

Worcester — -■ '

York — ---

Durham and Northumberland ■-

1776. 4 s.ftr Pound,

Gross Charge. Nett Produce.

£• r.

*8,5*4 16 40,845 19 47*4* *9 32,700 3

3 *>943

6.759

81,583 13 33,079 18 89.399 5 47.3*3 *S

*5.497

8*553

*o.993

34.68s

*95.39* *3 84,310 II

53»*97 38,7*3* *7 29,6^8 12 7*.478 54.94* .7,1*1

66,133 60,050

30,754 6 39.789 *5 51,657 16 33,58* 6

15,148 15 tof

lofupen returned, and gisen In charge, to be levied by the ibcriiGi

1,784,088 19

1,784,688 19

d. £• X. d.

Of *7.785 18 Si

5r 39.744 3 7l

6 i 45.873 11 Si

0 31,819 12 8

i 31,081 18 6

of 6,577 2 t

1 80,264 4 7,

X 32*052 *4 *'f

2 *1 86,992 45,982 0 1: 4 iof

*f 19,860 7 11

IO 4M44 3*3

O *5,<>79 *9 3r

9 80,330 8 6f

*f 10,427 *9 7,

4 33,75* 3

4* 187,438 12 4t

3t 81,040 7 iOy

4* 5'.764 *3 8

10} 37,587 4 St

nf *8,176 4 of

3 70.33* 10 7f

53.461 0 *f

7 16,390 *7 io|

6 7*,53* 2 5

6 64.135 9 4f

10 58.433 5 5

3 *9.9*6 4 0

0 38,718 6 «t

t. 50,166 16 6f

IX 31,678 1 8

11 i 89,031 6 °i

xof *4.47* 12 6f

9 *.735.353 *5

7*4 10 9t

9 1,736,068 6 9f

6*

P AH LI AM£STARY 780-1

Comities.*

Bedford. —* —

Berk# — ----

Bucks »■* -Cambridge •—— Cornwall —

Cumberland and West

(norland ----

Devon ■—

Dorset -—

Essex —y — Glooefter -■ Hereford —

Hertford ----

Huntingdon Kent — —

Lancaster —

Leicester —

X on don, Westminster and Middlesex Norfolk ......

*777- 41, Grols Charge.

per Pound,

Nett Produce*

Oxford

Salop —-

Somerset

Southampton

Stafford

Suffolk

Suffer

Palaces Warwick Wilts — Wortefler York

Durham aodl berland

£■ r.. s. d.

*8.554 16 oi 27,785 18 Si

<40,*43 *9 «4- 39.599 11 9?

— *7. *4* *5,873 3

32,700 3 -O — 31.819 12 1

31 94$ 2 -32.083 0 0

6,759 2 of: 6,577 2- .4

ii,sh io 9 80,359 l6 5f

33.079 iS -i .^2*OC2 14 nf

*9,399 5 -2 86,993. O *f

'47,3*9 0 45,695 IO 1

*0,4,09 *9* 19,860. 8 6f

4.2,282 »3 10 44*144 3 3

‘•5*497 $ -O i$»°79 !9 3f

*,55$ •0 9 •0,330 8 6f

20,993 5 lf 20*273 S 10

34,685 2 4 *33.7Sf 3 if

> 295.39* *3 4f 287,438 12 4f

84,3*0 12 82,040 7 of

tnd S3,*9? 12 *4f -51,767 2 S

38,726 7 io4 37*55* l3 io\

—- 29,058 12 28,222 1 8

72*478 7 3f 70,392 16 *1

54^94* 0 53.46i 12 3

27,121 3 I 26,390 *7 lOf

73.5*0 10 ~6- - 7 *,53* 2 5

66,133 0 .6 63,789 2 4

60,050 4 58,433 5

30,7 54 6 3 29,916 4 0

39.789 *3 Q 38,7*8 6 nf

5 *.6S7 ID -1 50,266 16

33,58* 6 11 32 390 8 6

91,506 1 -of 89,04* 1 16

25,14.8 *5 10J *4,47*' 12

Insupers returned*, and 2*784, xo8 8, given in Charge* to, bew levied by the sheriffs -................-

M

1,734,112 7

— — — 2009 16 4

.-.1,784,20s 8 JBf 2*736,122 yl

Office for Trees, February the 29th, 1780—Thi* account wea received from

James West, esq. one of the auditori of the Court of Exchequer._It couM

nor'ba made tip to a later'peribd, as there are*still arrtara outstanding in the country for 1778. Cu Rigby, George Blount) J, Fames, <?. Heath.#:.,

JLijSo.

DEBASE s.

69

*• f

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were fianding out at Lady

Dqy, 1779; with tb? Names.of the Receivers in whofHxineb

the said Arrears remain, and what Pr have been bad'to compel tbi Payment thereof -

Co outlet.

Receivers.

Chester, (1) Morgan Whitely

3S.

Wales, Do. - 3s.

Norfolk, (2) Aug, Briggs 3s.

Cambridge, £3) John M^son -Somerset, (4) George Dixon Lincoln, (5) Wm, Cawthorpe

Taxes. A xr.«(L D. *77#.

3- f 4s. 4s* Aid Aid $ 1,047 4,784 9 *7 O 7l

ill 4* and 4s* Sub. Aid a,3«4 2,133 9 5 IO£ Si

ill; 2. and 3s. Sub.. Aid $ 8,477 6,265 0 10 2 41

ift : and Sub. *697 >,477 12 10

2. 3s* Aid '698 5*334 J7 oi

2. 3s* Aid 1698 7-54 2 10

10. 4s* Aid 1707 20,422 - 6 O’

9‘ 4s. Aid 1706 4,459 16 at

Proceedings and Observations,

(1) This receiver’s estates were extended; he did in.prison, and his fareties compounded by act of parliament.

(2) This receiver’s estates were extended; he died in prifoo, amt his {Sureties compounded by act of parliament.

(3) This receiver died iniblrent, and his sureties compounded act of parliament.

(4) The appeal which was many years ago depending before the House of Lords, touching the debt due from Mr, Charles Mason to Sir Biby Lake and Mr. Newell, who was lequrity for this receiver, was determined in favour of the crown; but the mortgage to the late Sir Biby Lake being prior to the crown’s debt, the mortgage money was to be ftrll paid; the eliate has been since fold, and has not been sufficient to satisfy: the mortgage, and therefore we apprehend there is nothing left for the payment of the crown debt.

(5) ^'ThisTeteiver died insolvent; his sureties* were prosecuted, hut nothing recovered.

" Leicester

1...

70

Count»e?. Receivers.

Leicester, (6) Ben. Blundell Hertford, (7) Jonathan Smart

parliamentary

Durham, 7

York and C (8) Cha.Wilkinson 10. 2s. Aid 1726 8 1

Northum. 3

Norfolk, (9) William Pacey 10. as. Aid 1726 728 5 o

Wales, No. fio) John Meredith 11. as. Aid 1720 2,222 o O

i2s. Aid 1730 5,568 ii o

S’"*} 336

Ta*et.

7. 3s. Aid 1719

8. 3. Aid 1720

8. 2. Aid 1724

9. 2S. Aid 1725

A* 17 8^4

Arr. at L. D.X779. 5*3 O I

12,298 15 8 1,362 15 Ilf 5>445 a

o o

Proceedings and

(6) There is nothing further to be expected from this receiver’s, or

his securit/s efiedls. f

(7) Mr. Smart the receiver being long since dead, the suit which was then depending, touching his estate and efte&s, abated thereby, and letters of administration were granted for the life of the croWn; and his only son and heir, which was then in India, dying soon after, a bill of revivor was filed, for reviving that suit; there was a receiver appointed by the court of Exchequer upon the estate, which was Very small, ill-tenanted, and part of it had been often in hand, so that little -was produced from it; and his securities have been many years dead insolvent.

' (8) The estates and effects of this receiver were vested in trustees

for the use of the crown, and great sums have been paid into the Exchequer; and there is a small estate remaining, upon which there is a receiver appointed, who pays the profits annually in satisfaction of the crown debt.

(9) The receiver left an estate in Ireland, for the sale of which it was thought necessary to obtain a decree in the court of Exchequer there, and a suit was commenced for that purpose; but by reason of the many prior incumbrances, it was found impracticable to recover any part of the debt.

(20) Extents have been issued, and several sums raised; but nothing more is expected.

(11) Greatest part of the estates of these receivers have been fold, and the purchase money paid into the Exchequer, and nothing further cxpe&ed to be received.

Devon

A. 1780. DEBATES.

Ceuatict. Receivers. Taxes,

J3evon, (12) Ethereld Davoy 17. as. Aid 1735

Wales, No. (13) James Bull - 19. 4s. Aid 1741 Huntingdon, (14) Phil. Chapman 24. 4s. Aid 1746 Wales, No. (15) Richard Lewis 2C. 4s; Aid 1747 Southampton,(16)Jno. Sheppard 26. 4s. Aid 1748

27. 4 Aid 1749 Wales So. (17) Wm. Williams ti. 2s. Aid 175c

28. 4. Aid 1750

29. 4, Aid 1757

30. 4. Aid 1758

7*

Arr st L. 0.1779*

i,88i 9 3

4,176 o o 2.322 9 Si

268 IO 9 1,219 14 o

5>J°0 5 0 180 o o 360 o o 4,826 4 4 2,509 o o

Proceedings and

12) There was a prior extent sued out by the commissioners of customs, who took possession of the receiver’s estates, which were insufficient to satisfy the debt due to the customs,

(13) The estate and effects of this receiver were assigned toa tru-flee, and fold, for raising money for satisfaction of the crown debt; several sums of money have been paid into the Exchequer in consequence of such sale, but nothing more can be received.

(14) Upon this receiver’s failing, extents were issued again!! him, upon which hiS person was secured, and all his estate and effe6!s, which could* be discovered seized, several sums have been raised thereout, and paid into the Exchequer, and his sureties have since compounded by act of parliament.

(1 c) Process went again!! this receiver into Wales, which never could be got executed. '

(16) Upon this receiver’s failing, a writ of Diem elavjit ehremum issued again!! Edward Hooker, one of his sureties, and afterwards extents again!! himself; whereupon he and his other security, Francis Sheppard, conveyed their estates to William Yeldham, Esq. a trustee for the crown; and all the receiver’s estates have been fold, from whence, and also from the effects of the said Hooker, many thousand pounds have been paid into the Exchequer; but nothing more can be received.

{17) This receiver has been dead many years, and his securities have obtained an act! of parliament for compounding the debt due to the crown; and a case is now before his Majesty’s attorney general, for Jiis opinion how to proceed in the most effectual and speedy manner, for recovering the money,

I Wales, So.

le

72 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&V

Counties. Rereivers. Taxes.

Wales, So, (18) Leo. Bel. Gwyn 4a 4s. Aid 1776 Stafford, (19) James Bailey 3 c. 4s. Aid 1763

36. 4s. Aid 1764 Hereford, (30) Tho. Lane - 37. 4s. Aid 1765

38. 4s. Aid 1766 15. 3s. Aid 1767 Suffolk, Pt. (21) Miles Wallis 22, 3s. Aid 1775

Art. it L, D. 1779.

14,160 O O 383 15 o 2.354 19 7 1,020 o 8 II,886 13 9I 8,121 12 1

19,230 iff 2/

Proceedings and Observations*

(18) This receiver’s estates are agreed to be made over totrustees, to receive the rents and profits thereof in satisfact ion of the crown debt, or to sell the same, if it should be found necessary. It is to be observed, that if these accounts were passed, there would be a deduction of up-» wards of 6,0001. paid to the militia.

{19) Several sums of money have been paid on this receiver’s ac-i counts : a decree of the court of chancery was obtained for the sale of his estates, under which they have been actually fold; the money it ordered to be paid by the purchaser into the bank, with the privity of the accomptant general, and the crown is directed to be paid out or it.

(20) This receiver’s eft ate was extended, and the court of Exchequer

has appointed a receiver, who pafles his accounts annually, and pay* the balance into the Exchequer in diminution of thi$ debt. It is to be observed, that if these accounts were passed, there would be a deduct tion of 80001. paid to the militia. *1

(21) The receiver died insolvent; but his sureties have, since hit

death, paid large sums of money, and, from the sufficiency of the*! property, we are confident the whole arrears will be paid by then* It r* to be observed, that if these accounts were passed, there would Its adeduction of 2,9681. is. 6d. for militia payments, surveyors falj ries, poundage, and other articles. - ri

11

- '1

i

Office for Taxes,

Leb. 29, 1780.

floosie

Counties

73

in its proper place, we mufl beg the reader would cancel A4r.

De Grefs speech in page 27 of this volume,

the following authentic copy in its Jlead.

Mr. De Grey acquainted the House, that he had iir hit hand a motion for an humble address of the thanksMfJ^Cr*' of this House to his Majesty, for hit most gracious ipeech from the throne.

That before he touched upon die different topics which were contained in that speech, he should desire to pro-pose the congratulation* of the House to his Majesty on the safe delivery of the Queen! and on the birth of another prince. That he was so throughly convinced of the unanimous approbation such a clause would meet with, that he should trouble the House no longer upon that topic! than to observe how much satisfaction the nation received from the attention that their Majesties had given to the education of the royal offspring, and for their having considered them not only as their own children, but as those of the state; and that the result of this attention was already sufficiently apparent, and he hoped would be uni--verfaliy acknowledged. That he was as free as any gentleman to confess that no parliament ever met at a more important moment than the present, and that the nation never watched with a more anxious eye the opinions and conduct of their representatives.

That occasions would present themselves hereafter for entering into debate upon the various matters which were the subject of his Majesty’s speech; that all we had now to do, was to profess our loyal attachment to his Majesty, and to allure him of such support as the difficulty and danger of the times might require. That those difficulties were the consequence of our former glories: that tho’ our power and our commerce, great as it had been, had never been employed injuriouifv or contrary to the faith of treaties, yet it fad created a degree of envy and resentment in our rivals, which they had thought this was a proper opportunity to make manifest; and sorry as he was to ascribe such motives to any nation, yet he was afraid the truth of the assertion was too glaring to be controverted.*—That not contented with exercising her own force against us, she had called in Spain to her affiffcance, and had seduced the unhappy Americans to exchange the protection of this country for

Vol. XVIII.

L

that

floosie

P Ail L I A ME M T AKY tyW.

that of (Ute whose principles and maxims of go^m* meat and of religion, were in every instance contradictory to their opo.

That it was now np question about independency and allegiance*: Great Britain could not at this iostant of time give independent? to, America, nor coold America ro* f^ore ^erfelf to Great Bri^in.—r-—Whoever wished well cither to Great Britain or America, mufl try to rest&m thenar to each qthdr, ah the forest means of prefesving hipt^. That the House was. W longer to be blinded by thd fnepous parade of a treaty of commerce, for die objedfc ofhoftility SYPwfcdiy ppoo* record : and France made' no fpruple of iuvijting Canada to withdraw her altogi* anc?f and of promifingi the whole fore? of France to afcft in ^ccojflpUftiing this obje£l, as (in the words in Which the decimation, lately published, toted it) <9 cQX&tjcn of the alliance between France and

. It, was evident, said hfe* that if this was the actual dinar tion of things, it could never remain as it then flood. Yon p,ufh the war, or yp».rauft ’sue for peaGe$ it would bp ridiculous to sue for peace, without first having made vigorous preparations for war. If you did, what terms could you exp-eft: from an iofolent ind* a haughty enenvy jqy tfc^ke peace, whilst America was left under fbfc cpntrpul of a French, array P-r-Would you agree to give up a share of your Newfoundland fisheries, and a monopoly. of yqqr trade to France ? And if you did; what would be tj)e face of your. West-India islands, of your nursery fqr 4wien, of younnay,; itfidtf ? And what would become of your extienlive territories, and of your rich fenlemenfi in the E^fl-indies, which constituted so material a pact* of the empire of Great Britain ?—rtf no man born a fijritpn, and feeling the principles of aflft&ion tohiscPan-try, w^ich he trulfed were common to that audience, the alternative was obvious—you had no choice leffr—!you nftKift withstand the attack—ryou had hitherto withstood it an-dej Brpvidence, by the bravery and spirit of Sir George Rodney—by the vigilance of General Vaughan—by tSe gallant defence of General Prevoft, who; in an open and defcncclefa cpyntry, had witbstood the combined forced Gf' France apd America—rby the gallant conduift of Sir Me Ary Clinton, which put us into poflSflion of Charles ToWn, <5nd the wh$l£ iputhem under Mr. Linoota—by the Tab»

brftHatot

A !7$b. t> E S A T £Si-

brilliant victory of Lord Cornwallis, brilliant for the de-%d of the attack, for the courage of th6 execution, and for the alacrity with which* Colonel Tarleton followed up -the Mow; the mentioning that officer put hifn in mind of major Moncrief, whose services he ought not to have Jtaffoi over When he (poke of the siege of Charles Town, He expatiated also, upon the merit of Lord Rawdon, and fpokeof thepkafure he felt at the dawn of his Lordship's military talerits, from which his country had reaped such hgaal and distlnguished advantages.

But'he might be told indeed, by way of answer to aH thk, that yOtir rcfottrce* which are et subju&a et orna-mourn pacts Were exhausted, and the country drained by lax&y and impbvetished by expence. It might be true; but what would you obtain by! inactivity, and by meanly soli-eiting peace, which you probably would not obtain; or if you could obtain it, you Would have but little hopes of preserving it. That, however, all he had now to do, was toprotalfe such support, as it wis at once our interest and our fcCurity to give, and was in conformity to those assurances contained in the address of the 17th March 177&, upon the French atnbafTador's declaration^ to which he referred, and Which he wished gentlemen to act up to both k letter and in spirit; that if the quantum or the application of any sum proofed was vto be questioned, the proper time for queilioning it would be in a committee 6f fispply, when the sum itself, and the service to which it wa* to be appropriated, could fall at one and* the fame timfe under your consideration. That one things gentlemen1 would corihder in the nature of that application, it fWaf ndf to make additions to your empire that wfc' undertook th4t:war, nor to enlarge conquests already, perhaps atlealb, fiifficferttly- extynfiVC for the bulk of the empire at lifgey out we had as the eBjeCl of our contest, thepWferva* tion ofad that Was necessary to ohr honour, and perhaps to ohr exigence. Arid as it was manifoft upon a cool and’ dtfpaffion'ate review of the whole of his Majesty’s reign, that riot* a- firigk i nil a rice could be traced in which the line of the constitution had been passed over, and in which it* principles had Hot been iriviblably adhered to, for the pteferVattOo of out interrial liberties, it would be dif-gft&M indeed if that should not be art iricitemexit to ui td oncfelvesat all hazards td secure thetri frbtri

foreign violence*

Ll

.76

A* 1786*

PARLIAMENTARY

November 13*.

sif Grty Sir Grey Cooper brought up the bill for taking away for one year the benefit of the Habeas Corpus, from all persons suspected of committing high trcalbn in his Majesty’s colonies and plantations abroad.

Mr. Brier. Mr. Bakerobserved, that out of the manypersons detained on suspicion, not one had yet been tried : The bill in que£» tion therefore was an unjust power given to the servants 01 the crown, to keep in perpetual imprisonment all whom they might think proper to suspect of having committed high treason beyond leas. A very bad use had been already made of this power; a person who had been taken into custody before the enacting of the bill, had been kept on ship-board, and shifted from vessel to vessel, left a Habeas Corpus should free him, before the bill, which was then depending, passed; yet, notwithstanding all this, the person alluded to was at last discharged, after 15 months confinement, without ever being brought to trial. Among the 400 perfoas now confined, many probably have been taken with arms in their hands; ill America such people were exchanged as prisoners of war; why did not ministry then exchange those whom they detained in England, or, at least, bring them to trial

, %\r Edward Sir Edward AJiley also objected to the bill; complained at Jfti»y* the same time of the duration and expence of the American war, which, in the end, he said, must bring ruin upon this country.

sir Grey Sir Grey Cooper begged gentlemen would recollect, that the

Ce*r* distance from theplace where the crime was supposed to be committed, necessarily made it a work of time to bring over the witnesses, both for and against the prisoners; and to hurry them to trial when the minds of men were heated, would be as inexpedient as it was cruel. With respect to the bill itself, it was far from being a new thing. Similar bills had passed in the reigns of William, Anne, George I. and George II. In the last reign, it had even/ been continued for three years; so that gentlemen might fee it was not the offspring of the present administration, who acted from precedent, a precedent adopted through necelfity. The bill was then read a first, and ordered to be read a second time.

Mr. Minchin gave notice, that he should, on a future day, move for leave to bring in a bill, empowering certain persona therein-named, to act as justices of the peace in times of riot and public tumult, and to take upon them the command and

On the 10th the House adjourned to this day.

direction.

A. 17S0. DEBATES. Tf

direction, of all frch military forces, as it might be necessary to employ in the/uppreflion of such disturbances.

Right Hon* T. Tnvnshend said, it had been his intention to Ri^bt H«u hate moved the House that day, " to vote on thanks to Sir jf—*

Fletcher Norton, Knt. for hit faitliful, diligent and able* discharge of hit duty as speaker, for the last ten years but at he heard a noble Lord [Lord North] was not well enough to attend, he had done himself the honour to enter into a conefoondenCe with that noble Lord upon the subject, and thoughhe did not find the noble Lord meant to oppose hit motion, yet he would postpone it till a future day, when the noble Lord was likely to be prefenr.

Lord Mahon called the attention of the House to a fad, which Lord JO* he thought merited their serious notice, and he said, he would the rather state it then, as he saw the noble Lord, at the head of the American department, was present, who, he presumed, was the best able to give the House full information respecting it* The fast he alluded to, according to hit information, was this:

" That upon the 9th of August last, one English ship of the line, fix frigates, and a cutter, went to the lstand of St. Martin’s, belonging to the Dutch, (situated, as gentlemen well knew, not far distant from the island of St. Eustatia) and that the English commanding officer was said to have debarked troops upon the said Dutch island, and had demanded, in the most peremptory manner, that seven American vessels which had taken refuge in that neutral port, should be instant-iy delivered up, at also such parts even of their cargoes which had already been carried on shore, sold to the Dutch, and fared in the Dutch warehouse. That the fame information laid, chat the Englrfh commanding officer had threatened, that in case of refusal, he would lay waste the Dutch island of St. Martin, by fire and sword. That the Dutch governor of the island, infinitely surprized at such an extraordinary proceeding, but unable to resist so superior a force, had required of the English commanding officer, that he should give him a written declartion that he ailed in this manner by or-den, under the authority of his court; and this being complied with, (as the fame information said) the Dutch governor had found himself compelled to submit to this flagrant and most unjoftifuble act of violence."

' The soft he hadftated, his Lordship said, was a daring violation of the law of nations. So notorious an infnlt to a neutral power, his Lordship reprobated in very strong terms. He '

> asked

PARLIAMENT A&Y

afjccd if this country bad not enemies enough to cope With Ut present} Whether America, France, and Spain united* did not give the anns of Great Britain sufficient employment ? Whether it was wife or politic to offend any of the nssfril powers, who had now a very respectabk naval force afloat ? These were-questions, his Lordship feiffe which every mm «nuft feel the force of; every man be (ides mud know, that we should treat others as we wished to be treated ourfelyes. We ought to do as we would be done by } fee therefore-called upon the noble Lord to give tho House some fetif^fa&kxi* on the point he had mentioned, and to tell why miaiiterar had so unad vifedly authorized the mod pnjuft and ifnpolmc breach of the law. of nations, which he had dated.

Uni Lord George Germain said, the noble Lord had fbpposed,

Ggpuii*. that his situation in office, gave him a full opportunity of knowing the affair, to which he had alluded; he begged leave to remind the noble Lord, that the traufa&ioA wits attogether of a maritime nature, aBd that the official account of it, if any had arrived, was to be had from the Admiralty* and not from him. No account.of the affair, he could Venture to say, had arrived at the Admiralty, ihdefs it had come that morning; but as he happened to have heard of the ter from one of the Wefi-india islandtf, though be waa for from admitting the doctrine, that he or any other mini' is ' office was obliged to rife and answer any questions put Hr him by any honourable member danding up in his place?! he would now, as he was ready to do at all times when he" had it in his power, to satisfy gentlemen, date what he knew of the transaction. He had heard it to have happened in this manner: some of Admiral Rodney’s fleet came in* fight of several vessel, which from their making awfey* from them, they discovered to be enemies; they pursued* and the American ships that were chaced, made the bed of their way for that part of the island of St. Martin which belonged to the Dutch. As soon as they got into the harbour, they hoided their American stripes, and assumed an air of triumph and defiance; upon this, the British commander ordered'in a part of his squadron to cut them out; whereupomthe Dutch go* vernor sent word, that if the British commander perfided,' be would fire upon his ships,. the Eriglish officer's anfoei? to which was, that his Admiral (Admiral Rodndy) had gives orders for what he was doing, and that if the Dutch governor offered to fire, the British ships should .returnrit upon the port* Hi* Lordship laid, he had not heard that any mention’ was i made

JLiJfe. DEBATES. )9

made of Admiral Rodney’s having orders from home for any part <Sf hi* conduct in the affair, neither had he heard that thedutehgoyefpor requested to have the British commander’s reasons, f6r his relieving to cut out the ships, stated in writing. A full reprefefttatipp of the affair had already been re-ceivea in Holland, where the matter had beep complained of, aiyl a reprefeptation of it, ministry knew was drawn up in Holland, and was to be sent to them. It had not yet come over; when it did, and it was ascertained in what manner the Dotch fiated the facts, alluded toby the noble Lord, our court would in confluence give an answer, and the House men might prpfeed upon it, as they thought proper.

order iff ihe day to go injo a committee of supply was called for, upon which lily. /rT ff, fjarilcy rose and faJd, Sir, before you enter Mr. upon the bufijieft of supply, permit me to request the indul- Manly. gcrt(Te Qf the House for a few minutes, and I take the liberty of doTbgit before you leave the chair, to exnrefs my l'cntiments,

I have in common perhaps with other members of this Hfoufe,' who, anxious to take a part, that may give ffrength aflj vigour to tfce exertions of this country,. are yet concerned at the fatal wV that is carried on, and do not chuff to giyc their afleuf to 4II the meafqres which are pursued. Upon tiff gdpcral quession of supply, I am therefore now desirous to explain mvfflf, that whether I shall give my voice for die films r'cqqireq or withhold my assent, Imay not an the one hand appear unwilling to join in the defence of my country, of on the Other, be (uppoied to approve the propriety of the wir, and place a confidence in the conduct of those who have the dife&ion of affairs.

It i%matter o,f^greatest coqfolation to my mind, that ever fitted I had the honor of a feat in this House. I have withstood as far as an unavailing vote would go, those measures which have proved so destrucli$e tQ this couptry; what has contributed (q the dejufion, or where the fault has been, I wish not to enter ;upon at present, being free to give my opinion whoever an inquiry shall be made into the subje£L However, when we fee the country in such actuation, surrounded by so many open foes, involved in a fatal war with those who were once our fellow subjects* united by every tie, and with whom every person muff wish a reconciliation to take place; wtfcfl We conj&der these circumstances, it seems necelfery to take fbn)e different ffeps to reffore us to peace and safety. gttneate ourselves from these difficulties, reduced as we

are

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

are almost to stand single against the world, (the conduit of the neutral powers giving reason for alarm instead of brightening the profpcll,) the most prudent councils, and the most rigorous exertions are necessary, as we must trust to our own powers for our defence. To avail ourselves in the best manner of our force, two things appear to me necessary, to have the confidence and approbation of the country at home, and to lay hold of every opportunity, and take every method to promote peace, to mew our sincere desire of reconciliation with our American brethren. We may then stand upon firm ground: should France and Spain be desirous of agreeing to a lafe and honourable peace, that event may take place; but should their ambition and confidence in their power make them wish to continue this destructive war, our united force might make them lament their error, and America seeing the injustice of their conduit, return to friendship and union with us. The advantage of unanimity has been often, and rauft be deservedly pressed as the means of carrying terror to our 1 foes, and making other powers respect us: where it arises from a confidence of salutary measures being pursued, it will have that effeU; but if it means only supporting a set of men, or a chaimof measures, the consequence of which has befcn detrimental to the interests of the nation, it will be betraying our country, and only exposing our weakness to the enemy. It is hardly possible to mention the name of ministers without being supposed from party motives, to be desirous either of, attacking or defending them, acharge which is equally bandied about from one side of the House to the other. For myself personally, I can only say, that if it were not for the measures that are pursued, it is matter of as much indifFcrenC© to me how long the present ministers keep their places, as it is probably to them, what my opinion is upon the futged.-When we hear, however, the common topic, and what is most infilled upon as a reason for supportipg them, that no one knows where to get better, one cannot help refilling how just the answer is, that if we are to be determined by falls, or the success even of their own plans, the country must be unfortunate indeed, were there a possibility of its being hurt by the trial. But though this reasoning may supply the place of argument, what must our country, our constituents, think of this House, when every allion is attribute ed to party, and not even the appearance of virtue supposed to exist ? How long will the independent members of this House fufter such reproach? Why will not those who seek,

Jkm 17 So. DEBATES.

not emoluments for themselves, and who, however they may have differed in fotne points, have only the honor and interest of their country at heart, come forward, and by that con-du& which would make them respectable, hold the balance their weight and consequence gives them, between the power of ministers, and those who might wiih to obtain their places lblely for their own interest ? Were measures the criterion by which to judge of the men, no longer should we fee a minister fopported by those who do not approve his proceedings, because he tells them, those who might fnccced him would do worfc, nor would any.persons be afraid of giving countenance to other men, whole prefect measures they might think right, left they should alter their conduct when in power, because they would be then equally justified in opposing them. The minister, and the opposition, which must always exist in a free country, would be rivals in their attention to the interests, in order to obtain the good will of the nation, which would profit by such an event. But I fear, Sir, this is rather to he wished than to be expected, the voice of independence is too little heard, and the torrent of interested persons bears down all before it. \

I beg pardon of the House for presuming to take up their time, and hope they will receive as my apology, that, feeling the lit nation I have defer i bed myself in so strongly, as desirous of fopporting my country, and yet disapproving the measures carried on, that I was unwilling to fij blent at this moment, twill conclude, Sir, with many thanks for the indulgence of the House, and with their permission, by reading as a part of my speech, the form of a motion for an address, which,

though X do not presume to move, contains an explanation of my sentiments, better than, I fear, I have been able to express myself, and which.I should be happy to fee adopted.

The addrels was expressive of loyalty and affection to his Majesty, and declared that his Majesty’s faithful Commons were ready to support the honour and dignity of the Crown, and to exert themselves to the utmost in defence of the domi- # nions, and in the prote&ion of the rights and liberties of this country. It declared, that the first object of their attention, m which they doubted not they should receive his Majesty’s concurrence, would be to maintain inviolate the principles of.dus free and happy constitution, and preserve it from those dangers the corruption and needfities of the times might ex* pole it te. And lastly, k declared, of how much consequnce it was to the state, and how beneficial it would prove to both Vjol. XVIII, M countries.

PARLIAMENTARY A, 178*.

countries, to procure a reconciliation between Great Britain and America; that though from the fatal consequence* of the war, the mode of obtaining it might be difficult, m change from the horrors of war to measures of peace, might, be productive of union; and prayed his Majesty to take fuel* steps as might promote so deferable an end.

Mr. Adam rdfe, and prevented the speaker from leaving the chair, by introducing a matter which he declared very mud* called for the attention of the House. He then laid, he. wished to mention something relative to the internal situation of this country, and that he could not chuse a properer time, than when the House was to proceed upon a vote, the confe— quence of which was, to enable the nation to support itself against its enemies. That in the present internal distra&ed iituation of this country, he could hardly tell what foreo would be sufficient without the unanimity, which the hon. gentleman [Mr. Hartley] talked of, whom he thanked far having given him an opportunity of expressing himself relative to a matter which very much interested him. He meant to allude to the committees of aifoeiktion, which had spread such baneful effects over this country, and which had given so much encouragement to its enemies. Before he proceeded to the particular subject, to which he meant to call the attention of the House, he stated thar *

in their publications to encourage

rebellion, had held out the distraded fttfe of this country to them, by means of the committees of ailociation, as one of the principal inducements to the Americans to persevere in their exertions; but he added, that those -assemblies had not confined themselves merely to public transitions, nor was the encouragement of our enemies the only thing that they had done, to disturb the peace, and prevent the unanimity of this country. They had in the most uojuftifiable and unprecedented manner basely attempted to ruin the characters of cveiy individual who opposed their views.

He then stated to the House, that he had in his hand the most singular publication that ever had appeared in any country, though it had a precedent in very remote antiquity what he particularly alluded to, Was a publication he had met with in the newspaper of that morning. Having said thi*> he read the Resolves of the Westminster committee of the 10th iultant.

He stated to the House, that though he read it from a daily newspaper, fie meant no reflection on the printer of that

*3

A. 17S0. DEBATES.

paper, nor had he any intention of moving a censure on his conduct; the printer was a man who had the virtue in the present times to avoid all party partiality, and who seemed to be actuated, merely by a'zeal to promote the good of his country.

Having read the resolutions, and particulary called the attention of the House to the last of them, he congratulated, in an ironical (train, the hon, gentleman to whom they were addressed, upon the appointment of his body and life guards for the protection of his person. He compared him to the Athenian PHiftratus, who in former times, had a guard appointed by the people of Athens for the security and protection of his person, by the means of which, he overturned the liberty of his country. Continuing in this ft rain of irony, he hailed the gentleman " King of Westminster," and after enlarging upon the subject, and heightening the parallel con-hderabty, he concluded, with saying, he did not know whether to congratulate the honourable gentleman, or to condole with his country the most.

That the iituation of this country was miserable indeed, when there was allowed to*xift in it a dangerous and wicked combination of men, who, while they impudently attacked every peer or member of parliament who ventured to make any observations on their conduct, set themselves up as beings exdufively protected from any animadveriion. A combination which had basely and infamously attempted to run down hit character as an individual, by attributing to him motives for his conduct upon a certain occasion which nothing but the depraved and infamous minds of the authors of that publication could have invented, or have supposed any person capable of He spoke of the transaction which had last year unfortunately taken place between the honourable gentleman and himself, as a matter the bare recollection of which gave him the mod poignant compunction, as a iituation which be of all men living had the utmost unwillingness to be in at any time, and into Which nothing but the strong and irrefiftiblt irapulfe of injured honour could ever drag a man of real pria-ciple and of real sensibility.

He regretted he did not know how far to form an opinion as to the legality or illegality, of such meetings as committees of associations. He said, a dub at White’s, Brookcs’s, or at Atwood’s, was prefectly legal, till those dubs had done some illegal aft, and if they attempted any attack upon the character of an individual, would become as unfit assemblies for M a gentlemen

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

gehtlecnen to associate in, and be as contemptible as that a lembjy, which had so unjustly calumniated his character. That he had been long attacked by anonymous abnfe in newspapers, which he had formerly taken notice of in that House; that he did not know at that time to what quarter that abuse was to be traced; he now knew that he was to attribute it to the members of the Westminster committee. And when he saw in the newspapers that Mr. Adam Seconded a motion for a new writ for Coventry from scandaloat and improper mo* tives, he was justified in saying, that that and such like paragraphs, came from the same quarter. That the publication he animadverted upon, not only calumniated him, but gave the honourable gentleman, to whom it wa6 addressed, an exclusive privilege by an unreserved grant of exclusive protection, to launch forth, if he was capable of availing himself of it* into every species of personality and abuse. That time would shew from that gentleman’s future conduit, how far he was capable of availing himself of it. Mr. Adam then said, that he was going to touch upon a subject, by mentioning his Own character, m which he might possibly incur the imputation of vanity; but that when a person’s character was basely and falsely traduced, not to mention it wastoalt with timidity; that few men knew the nature of his life, which was private and retired, but that he could boast a ftrilt and regular system of domestic (economy, which enabled him to live wholly independent, upon the fortune which had fallen to his share. That the principal happiness and ambition of his life was to discharge the private duties of a private iituation with honour and integrity, to be a good son, a good husband, a good father, and a faithful friend. That he could not brag of a long line of ancestry, whole vices were to degrade, or whole virtues were to adorn the page of the historian. But that circumstance made him more proud and more anxious to maintain his char a Her unspotted and unim peached, and to repel every attack that was made upon it from whatever quarter. He concluded with saying, that he looked upon every person who adopted the refutations of that committee as bate and infamous calumniators of his character, and unworthy the protection of a civilized country.

Mr. Ax. 'Mr. Fox rose to reply, and began with declaring, that as to^any expressions personal to him, which had .fallen from the honourable gentleman, who felt- himself fore at the paper which he had read to the House, he should not take the least notice of them, but in regard to the advertisement itself, he

a* 7780. DEBATES.

did adore the honourable gentleman and the House, upon his honour, that he was not present at the drawing it up, and that it was published without either his consent or knowledge. Had he been at the committee when it was drawn up, he should undoubtedly have used all the persuasion that he was matter of, to have prevented the committee from coming to or publishing any such resolution; because though the resolution was evidently founded in zeal and affection to him, it was, in his opinion, an imprudent resolution, and this he could appeal to his honourable friend below him [Mr. Fitzpatrick] to vouch for having been the opinion he declared when hefirft saw it. He said, he had imagined some persons would be induced to put the fame construction on it, which the honourable gentleman had now put upon it. With regard to the ridicule the honourable gentleman had thought proper to throw upon the committee, and upon him, that was a matter of perfect indifference to him, and the more so» because the gentlemen who formed that committee, were great and respefctable characters, men who, he doubted not, had well weighed every word used in the resolution, .considered its import fully, and who were prepared to justify the advertisement and the resolution with their honours and their reputation. And after all—what was the resolution complained of with so much warmth by the honourable gentleman } a form of words evidently flowing from the good opinion and the attention the Westminster committee entertained of him, but which feriouflyand duly considered, conveyed no personal charge against any man, nor did they warrant any man’s taking them up angrily or refentfully. Be-fidcs, in what way was the House to treat a matter introduced in the very extraordinary manner in which the honourable gentleman had thought proper to introduce the advertisement to which he was then speaking,—without making it the subject of any motion whatsoever. If the honourable gentleman really thought himself warranted to treat the refo-lotions of the Westminster committee seriously, why did he not complain of the paper to the House as a breach of privilege ? If the honourable gentleman thought proper to adopt that mode of proceeding, he was ready to meet it on that ground, and to defend the resolution. If the honourable gentleman chose to make it the subjectr of another fort of pro-cett eUewhere, and to charge it as a libel, he would find that the Westminster committee were ready to take it up when so charged, and to defend the legality of their proceed-

V PARLIAMENTARY A. 1786.

ings. The honourable gentleman had chosen to laugh at him, and to turn him into ridicqle, under the character of Pififtra-tus—in what, he begged to know, had he ever shewn a de-fire to obtain illegal honours } In what had he attempted to let himself above the laws of his country, or to aim at reviving any other honours, than such honours as he was perfectly competent to receive ? The honourable gentleman, after,flourifiling a great deal about his body-guard, and other matters of that fort, had talked of the Westminster committee’ s,proceeding by and by to constitute him king of Westminster-rr-The Westminster committee, be would tjell the honourable geotleman, as well as the whole body of inhabitants of that moil respectable city, wished for no other king, than the king now upon the throne; they loved that king, and they revered the constitution, by which he reigned, and it was out of a foolish partiality to him, and because they rashly, perhaps, thought him the best qualified to supportthat-king and that constitution, to maintain the glory of the one, and pjrefcrye- the other in safety, that they had chosen him their representative in Parliament,. in the noblest and xnoft spirited manner, in direct defiance of the avowed and unre* fervedly exercised; influence of the crown. It was, perhaps, from, ? weak, and an Ul-fouqded partiality of opinion in favour of hits abilities, that the ele&ors of the city of Westminster had done him that honour; all that he could do in return was to declare that his conduct should be aq example of mod sincere and perfect gratitude. It could not however surely be warrant^! y advanced, jthat from this circumstance be was imitating Pisistratus, or. that he was endeavouring to obtain illegal honours! The deftors of .Westminster thought well of his effort? in that House, and this naturally shewed itself in acts of aifection and regard to him. Loft alipost as the public cause seemed t9 be, they were glad to find the representative for Westminster among the number of those true friends to liberty, who best served their country, and who were dill determined to stand in the breach to resist the 'torrent of corruption and increasing influence, which threatened to bear down the constitution, and to destroy it. In order to do this, he, and those with whom he aCled, had sacrificed their interests, they had sacrificed their ambition, they had sacrificed all views of greatness and emolument, they had (a-crificed every thing that^could gratify the mind of man, or fall within the wish of human pride, or human vanity. Let not gentlemen on the other fide, on almost every one of

A. 1786.

DEBATES.

whom, places, petitions, titles, and rewards of every kind were profusely heaped I then grudge either him or others the poor comfort of a little popular applause! Let them not complain that the people held his humble efforts to serve hi* country in iome degree of estimation ! and though they might in the warmth of their zeal and affection, use a few imprudent words, for such he granted those words were, which composed the rdblution of the Westminster committee read to the House by the honourable gentleman, let it not be fa id, that he was borne off his legs by popular honours, or that he was frantic with popular applause. Had he been anxious to court those honours, and to obtain that applause, opportunities had offered, which he should not have neglected. In the time of the tumults, when the people were madly riotous, had he uttered ooe word, or said a fyliable in support of the protestant association I On die contrary, had he not opposed it firmly, and been among the first to reprobate and ceofure those lawless proceedings which began with insult to that and the other House of Parliament, and did not end till the public prisons, and private property to an immense amount, had been burnt and destroyed! Again, when a roeafure was in agitation wkhin those walls, which was particularly the object of opposition from those very persons, whom it was at that time known, he wished should become his condiments, had he with a view to court popular applause, meanly given up his opinioo, and adopted that of those who had since chosen him their representative } On the other hand, was it not notorious to every gentleman present, who had fat in the I aft Parliament, that he flood up in his place, and firmly supported the measure, declaring at the same time, that he trusted, it would be a proof to the electors, that if they chose him their representative, they would send to Parliament a member who at leaf! was since re, and who was at all times determined to (peak his real sentiments.

After other instances adduced in proof, that the popular applause with which he had been honoured, was the voluntary gift of the people, and had not been fought after by him, cither industriously or improperly, Mr. Fox took notice of the necessary freedom of debate, and said, that as it was the dearest and most inestimable privilege of a British fen a for, fb was it the lad right that he would abandon or give up; and here he mud observe, that in his speech on the first day of the lad frition, in his speech on the first day of the present session, he had talked language, which however people might

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a

chuse to construe it, was not, he would at all times maintain, in the least personal to any man whatever. As long as he had the honour to fit in that House, he would exercise that inestimable privilege of speaking freely upon public matters, both as to the conduit of men in public situations and of measures any way connected with the public interest. He had spoken freely hitherto, whenever he had taken the liberty to rife in that House, and in spite of every attempt to prevent him, i of every fort that cotild be suggested, he would continue to use and fapport the freedom of debate. He thought it necessary to say thus much, and to fey it in the raoft cx-press terms just then, because he forefew, that in speaking to the subject which was presently to be taken into confederation, as the order of the day, when a supply for the support of the navy was to be proposed, lee should have occasion to advert to the character of a person, who, if report was to be credited, and'there could be found constituents sufficiently abandoned and loft to all sense of honour as to chuse him their representative, was shortly to come among them. That person had been convicted by one court martial of having preferred a false and malicious accusation against his superior officer, and hehad been tried for his own conduH by another court martial, who had neither acquitted him honourably nor acquitted him unanimously. Those trials were matters of publick notoriety, and therefore they were the fit subjects for parliamentary allusion, and for free difeuffion within those walls; to those trials he should have occasion to refer, >& what he should have to fey when the supply for the support of the navy came under debate, and as often as any matter relative to the navy was the topic of that House’s confide ration, so often should he mofl undoubtedly speak of those trials, 1 and the person to whom they had relation, without reserve. Nor had that gentleman, or any other honourable gentleman, any right to complain of being personally insulted by what he should then fey. If he were to prefer an indictment against any person accusing that person of a crime, none sorely but the raoft wrong-headed man in the world would deem the hard words, which constitute the legal and technical phrases of the indictment, so many private affronts to him as a, gentleman; the case was exaltty the feme as to his treating upon any public topic in that House. He owned, he was a little acto- ‘ nished to hear the honourable gentleman who spoke last, congratulate him upon his having, in consequence of the Westminster committee’s resolution, an exclusive privilege of

1

A. 1780.

DEBATES*

89

speaking personalities within those walls—he had already said, he never had spoken personalities—had he indulged himself with entering into a dissertation on oeconomy, and the well ordered arrangement of his private affairs, or talked of noble ancedry and noble vices, or alluded to his domedic virtues, and pointed all these things at any particular gentleman, he should have supposed, he might with reason have been accu-fed of having dealt in personalities; but so long as he confined himself to public matters, and public matters only, he did not imagine the House would think that the character of being fond of personalities belonged exclusively to him.

After gently touching on his affair last session with Mr*

Adam, declaring, it could never be alluded to without giving that honourable gentleman and himself great pain, and after many other remarks, druck out with all that wonderful quickness of conception, happy position, and force and poignancy of application, which generally didiriguish the speeche* of this gentleman, be concluded with declaring, that he was ready to defend the resolution of the Wed minder committee, though at the same time he was free to confess, that he thought it imprudently drawn up, and that it contained words which had better not have been used on the occasion.

Mr. Jdam rose to explain. He dated, in answer to what Mr. Fox had said of the resolutions not being personal to him [Mr. Adam] the following words of the lad of those resolutions

u Resolved, That this committee, being sensible, that the firm, condant, and intrepid performance of his duty will probably render him, in common with other distinguished friends of liberty, the object of such attacks as he has already experienced, and to which every unprincipled partizan of power is invited by the certainty of reward."

He then added that every person, conjunctively and severally of that committee, who approved of those words, was an infamous and base traducer of his character.

The Hon. Mr. Fitzpatrick rose to corroborate and confirm Hon. Mr. what his honourable friend [Mr. Fox] bad said, relative to his not being present when the Wedminder committee came to the resolution which had been so warmly complained of; said he had the honour to belong to that committee, and a very great honour he thought it, because he was convinced there were among the members of it, some of the fird and mod respectable characters in the kingdom; men as well read in ’ "the British constitution, and as zealously

9?

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1780.

attached to that constitution, as had lived in any period of the existence of this country, Mr. Fitzpatrick declared, that he was absent, as well as his honourable friend, when the resolutions, then the topic of convention, were proposed, and carried; having therefore no hand in drawing them up, it was impoffinle for him to lay what or whom, the particular gentlemen who penned them, had in their view at the time; he was sure, however, from the known honour of the committee, that their intention was a good and a warrantable one, he therefore thought it right to say, that the resolutions had his hearty consent.

Mr. A Jam. Mr. Adam laid, in answer, that if either the honourable

gentleman who spoke last, or any other person approved of, and aiTcnted to the words in question, as personally applied to him, that he meant to apply to him and them, every epithet he had mentioned.

Mr. Fitz-Mr. Fitzpatrick then said, that if the honourable gentleman

fatrick, chose to apply any part of the words used in the resolution of.

the Wcftm nfter committee to himself, he coukl not possibly Jielp it. He must still approve of those resolutions, but he had not applied them to the honourable gentleman neither had he laid, they contained any thing immediately applicable to him, or which the honourable gentleman was entitled ux apply to himself. They certainly had his consent, nor did he feel himself at all obliged to give his reasons why he consented to them.

Sir Jam Sir James Lozutker rose and said, that the conversation had Lrather, been a raoft extraordinary one, and that he did not understand the time of the House being taken up in that manner. The Honourable gentleman [Mr. Adam] had, once before, risen and taken up words of a general import in a wrong lense; and supposing they applied to him personally, had expressed himself in a warm and angry manner, contrary to the rules of the House.

This altercation wasput an end to by the order of theday*s being loudly called for.

As soon as the order of the day was read, the House resolved itself into a committee of supply, and Air. Ord took, his feat at the table.

Lori Lif. Lord Lijburntthen rose, and &ated to the committee, from.

humt. official papers, which be held in his hand, what had beea the number of seamen voted last year, the increase of men employed inactual service, and what would be necessary for the i'ervice of the next year. .His Lordship concluded his speech

with

91

A. 1780. DEBATES.

with moving, <c that it is the opinion of this committee, that 9i,oooorfeamen, including 20,317 marines, be the number of Teamen voted for the service of the year 1781."

Sir Charles Bunbjity was glad to hear To many Teamen moved Sir Chsrln for; he thought themavy the natural defence of this country^1*1* and reminded the House, that last war we had 18,000 American Tailors aboard our fleet, a number sufficient to man 36 Tail of the line; this advantage our enemies now had over us—-it behoved government therefore to be as vigorous in their exertions, and as attentive to ceconomy in their mode of manning, as well as of equipping and fitting out ships', as possible.

Admiral Keppel was also glad to hear 91,000 seamen were Admiral moved for; he wished the number had been ft ill larger; the^tff* x Admiral spoke of the mode of manning ships, laying that one third was usually ordinary lahdw»en, one third marines, and one third Teamen. The larter proportion was as few Teamen as coold possibly navigate the ships, it mud not therefore be lessened on any account. The Admiral repeated his advice to ministers to be more early in their operations, and not to lose their opportunities, as they hitherto had done very frequently. He also declared he was glad to hear we had now 90 fail of the lihe in service, but begged to know whether we should have To many, four months hence ? Declaring that his reason for putting this question was, because it was a well-known fa&, that several of the ships now in the West Indies, were so much worn by the service, that it was a question whether the Admiral would trust them home in the winter.

Lord U/burnt said, undoubtedly when the ships in the Lord

West Indies came_home, several would need repair, but then*"™*' we had other new ships in great forwardness, which would be ready for service in the course of the next year, and th^t France and Spain were under the fame fort of difficulty.

General Smith arraigned the American war in terms of great Gen <?*•/.'

Fox said he should give his vote for the resolution, butMn FV*. he could not do it, without previously pledging himself, after the holidays, to move for the dilmission of the Earl of Sandwich, and afterwards for bringing that noble Lord to condign punishment, and that he should found these motions on two different reasons;—the first, because the Karl of Sand-wich had advised his Majesty to promote Sir Hugh Palliser •to the government of Greenwich Hospital,—the second, for thefhameful neglect of the navy during the.administration of the present first lord of the admiralty.

Mr.

4ft PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

Mr. Rigby- Mr. Rigby said, that he should agree to the present motion, not because he conceived the committee pledged to accede to an accusation, urged without proof, against either the Earl of Sandwich or Sir Hugh Palliser, but because he considered strengthening the hands of government as much as possible at this critical moment, a moll important and, necessary duty, let government be lodged in what hands it might. He desired not to be considered as undertaking the defence of Sir Hugh Palliser, declaring that he was, from his being unacquainted with the relative faffs, as little qualified for that talk, as he was delirous of acting the more foolish, more absurd, and* more wicked part of {landing forward theacculer of Lord Sandwich, without being able to make out any charge against him; a situation in which the late House of Commons had seen one of its members placed, and a situation in which, the honourable gentleman, who spoke last, possibly might be placed after the holidays.

MrjTm- Townjhendsupported'Mr. Fox.

j4r. c*rt* Mr. Courtnaye recommended vigour and spirittoadministration, and unanimity and chearfulness to the House. He defended the going on with the American war on the plea of its neceftity, laid he cquld view America in no other light than a6 the ally of France. Speaking of Lord North’s situation, lie said his security in office was owing to the bad opinion the publick entertained of those who wished to get into his place, and that the speech of Charles the Second to his brother James, Duke of York, was perfeflly applicable to him. When the Duke of York had .told the king, " he wondered a prince who had rendered himself so unpopular, would venture abroad without his body guard." The king replied, u Have no fears for my safety, brother, I am perfectly secure in my peiv Ion, as long as my people know, that if I die or am cut off, you mull be my successor."

XordJ UUb Lord Mahon laid, the American war could not be deemed a war of neceftity; and this position his Lordship argued upon this principle;—that as no ratiooa) or feasible proposition for conciliation had been held out to America, it was not fair to say the war was carried on of neceftity. His Lordship in a xnest animated stile, arraigned and reprobated the propositions made by the commissions, terming them Icandalous, and disgracefui to the last degree.

Mr, Vultt-Puitencydeclared the noble Lord was mistaken in frhat

*y, he had after ted, of the commissioners having offered to pay

the debts of America,

Lord

A. 17J0. DEBATES. 95

Lord Mahon replied, and read extracts from the public acts LordJ of the commissioners in support of what he had before said.

Mr. Fox argued on the fame ground, dating, in compari- Mr# jr^ ion to the interpretation put upon the commissioners offering to assist in arranging the debts of America, by Mr. Pulteney, that if any rich man came to him and offered to settle his debts, he mould naturally imagine he meant him a real favour, and designed to lift the load off his shoulders by paying them, but that if it afterwards appeared, that he only meant to give him his advice, how he should pay his debts out of his own fortune, he should feel himself miserably disappointed.

The question was then put and carried, rum*. without a division.

After that, a second resolution for voting 4b per man per month, for the seamen and marines already voted, was put and agreed to.

November 14.

No debate.

November 15.

A conversation took place relative to the day on which a petition concerning the election at Oakhampton should be heard, in consequence of Sir Philip Jennings Clerke having deffred that the petition might be heard in its turn.

Mr. Rigby said, he did not understand the expression, and Mr. Rigby. in a plain manner contended, that in consequence of Mr. Grenville’s act, which was so much the favourite of the Houic, more frivolous petitions, presented without any wish to be heard, and merely with a view that the petitioners might obtain privilege of parliament for the interval of time that elapsed between the delivery of the petition and its being determined upon, were brought to that House than had been nfually brought when the election petitions were heard in the old parliamentary way. Mr. Rigby said, it was neither proper, nor was it nis deiign, to say a syllable as to the particular petition to which the honourable gentleman who spoke last referred. If he chose to (peak of it, perhaps he knew1 as much of the merits of the Oakham pton election as any gentleman present; but he was aware, that was not the time ror going into them, and he declared now, as he before declared in that House, that unless the Houl'c compelled him to St, he never would be a member of an election committee; without adverting therefore in the lead to the merits of the petition, the hearing of which was then the subject of altercation. he desired and hoped that the House in general would

follow '

04 PARLIAMENTARY A, 1780.

follow $he good old custom of making example of those who should hereafter appear to have frivolously’ petitioned, and who without any serious reason to justify their conduct, took up the time of the House irt investigating allegations, which could not be supported. After a few words from Mr. Dunning, Mr. Townshend, 8tc. the day of hearing the petition Was altered.

♦ The House afterwards resolved itself into a committee of supply.

|^»rd Wtjl- Lord JYcftcote moved, that the land tax for the year 1781 t9te* be 4s. in the pound, with the usual difference for Scotland.

His Lordship also moved, that the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, be continued the next year at the rate at which they now flood.

Both these resolutions were agreed to.

; November 16. 1

blt.Minchin Mr. Minchinsaid, the orders given to the military, at the time of the late riots, to act without waiting for the civil magistrate, had occasioned great discontent without doors. The order might perhaps be justified from necessity, or from the negligence of the magistrates; for they had been shame-fully inactive; but indeed the detachments of troops had been so numerous, and so dispersed through London and Westminster, that, had the magistrates been ever so ready to do their duty, there was not a sufficient number, of them to bead all the detached parties. To remedy‘this defect, and to put it out of the power of a military man, as such, to have the lives of his fellow'subjects at his command any more, as be himself had had at the late riots, he wished that a gew commission of the peace for the whole kingdom should take place, and that the names of almost all the rclpcstable gentlemen in each county should be inserted in it. This, he said, would furnish us with a sufficient number of magistrates to head the military, if we should be ever obliged to resort to them again : but as he did not expect that atl thele gentlemen would qualify themselves to act in general as justices of the peace, - though he did not doubt but they would very readily do so in cases of emergency, he moved, " That leave *be given to bring in a bill to enable all persons named €t in any commission of the peace, to act as justices io the €l suppression of riots and tumults, notwithstanding they •<c have noj taken out their dedimus Sir George Sir George Tongeieccnded the motion; but expected that the honourable gentleman would take care to provide in bisj • bill,

4

y

A. t fio. DEBATES,

Bill, that the military should be.resorted to only in the secondi instance; and after the civil power had been first called in.

Mr, Minchin said, that this was the very principle of his

bill.

Mr. Alderman fVilkes hoped the honourable gentleman Mr. Alder, did not mean to grant powers of magistraev to any man, who man should not previously have taken the oath of office, to do jjiftice between the King and his subjects.

Mr. Afinchm answered in the negative.

Lord Beauchamp was of opinion that this would destroy the Lord Btf very object of the bill. The principle of the bill was to dif-^«/. pense with certain formalities in case of emergency; and yet, when the emergency should arrive, the magistrates mull not aft till they have gone through those formalities. The bill was supposed to be a dispensing bill, and yet dispensed with Aotning. There was indeed a bill which palles regularly every leflion; which, by dispensing with the qualification oath of justices of the peace, naturally opened a door to the lovtf and the indigent, and was the great cause why gentlemen of character were so averse, in Middlesex particularly, to act as magistrates; they did not like to fit on the fame bench with persons so greatly inferior to them in rank and fortune. He wished, however, to see the bill brought in, when the House would have an opportunity to add whatever might be found wanting in it.

Mr. George Onjlmo spoke against the magistrates; accused Mr. them of shameful neglect of duty, which alone had made it necessary to call out the military on the late occasion.

Sir Edward dftley defended the magistrates; and mentioned si one in particular [Hyde] who, while he was at the head of Afley. the guards, that were drawn up for the protection of that House, had not swerved from his duty, though at the very fame time his own house was demolishing by the mob.

Earl of Surrey complained of the want of magistrates in two of counties, in which he sometimes resided. In one there were very few; in the other, in the weft of England, there were scarce any. This arole, he thought, from the manner in which commissions were made out by the rctulorum,

and Lords Lieutenants. He wished that something might be done in the bill moved for, to regulate the commissions of the peace, and supply the country better with magistrates.

SirjP. % Clarke said, that the complaint of a scarcity ofsirj*. y, magistrates, was general all oy^r the kingdom.

The question was put, and leave given to bri$g in thfc bill.

The

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

The foilwring is a copy of the ABSTRACT of the BILL to

enable all persons> named in any of the, to

in the supprcjjton of the riots, notwithstanding they have not taken cut theit Dedimus Potestatem; and for enabling them to take the oath of Qualification.

44 It recites, That in cases of sudden riots, a sufficient number of magistrates duly qualified, cannot at all times be assembled to quell such riots.

44 It therefore enacts, That after a certain time to be mentioned in this bill, every person whose names shall be inserted in any commission of the peace for any county, riding, or division, shall be fully authorized to act as a justice of the peace within such county, riding, ordivision, for iuppreiEng any riots, notwithstanding he shall not have taken the usual oath of office under the writ of Dedimus

44 It also recites, That divers provisions have been made, for preventing and punishing such offences, especially by an a & of George the F irft, and therefore enads. That every person so named, in any commission of the peace, not having taken the oath of office, shall be, to all intents, a justice of the peace, within tire meaning of the statutes aforesaid, and inverted with all privileges and authorities, contained in such statutes, as other justices who may have taken the oath re* lating thereto.

44 it also enacts, That no such person, shall be capable of acting as a justice, unless qualified according to the act of the 18th of George II. 44 For the further qualification of justices," and having taken and subscribed an oath to be inserted in this act, and the oaths of allegiance, fupreraacy and abjuration.

44 It further enacts, That every justice within the same county, riding, or division, is to administer such oaths to any person before described, requiring to take the fame; such oaths to be recorded, and the clerk to have a fee, to be fixe4 by this act, with a penalty for any person who shall presume to act, without being qualified—a clause limiting the time of bringing the action after the fact upon which the fame is grounded, shall be committed, and allowing every defen* dant the benefit of making out his qualification.

44 And it enacts, That the clerk of the peace of every county, shall cauie lifts of the1 names of all persons in thd commissions of the peace, to be printed; and when in iikJ manner, any new commission shall be made out, and transl mit such printed lifts to the <hurchwardens of every parishl

anJ

A. ijfld. D K B A f £ l

and to Ac clerks of boA Monfes of Parliament; the expence of prioting the said lifts to be paid to ever such clerk of the peace* by the treasurer of such county, nding, ordivision.

StUBblJLE.

County* tiding* orl division of M\to wit* J

Be it remembered. That A, B being one of the personi

earned in the commission of the peace for this county, See, came before me I, Pi one of his Majesty’s justices of the peace acting for the said county* See, and took the oath of qualification*

(Signed) A. B.

and I the above-named /. P, do also certify, That the said ii, B. also took the oaths of allegiance, fupreraacy* and ab«* juration, at the same time before the* Given under my hand and leal*

(L. S.)

November 17*

The land tax bill at 4s* and malt tat bills brought in and read. No debate.

November 1%. (Saturday.)

Land and tnak bills read a second time and committed*

No debate. Adjourned to the 20th.

November 26,

Mr. Pox said he had in his hand a petition of a very singular Mr. Fta feature. It neither complained of bribery and corruption, nor of an undue election or return, ne could not say whether the House would think it proper to receive it in the dtarader and description of petitions relating to elections*

He would read the petition, and the House would judge whether it ftould be brought up. [After Mr. Fox had read it, it was ordered to be brought up. j

Mfiante of Sir Thomas Halifax and Mr, Rogers’s petition to the House of Cemntonsp respcQing the Coventry cltElion,

Petition lets forth, ift. That on the 9th of September last, being the day of tleftion, a great number of colliers and other persons, not inhabitants or freemen of the said city, riotouily assembled together, with a Mue flag and blue and white cockades, the enhgns of Edward Roe Yeo, and John Baker came to the place of de&ion, and violently dragged therefrom many of the voters in the tnteTtft of the petitioner*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&*.

there assembled, and took possession of the booth; and all access thereto; assaulted the freemen, tore off their cloaths, and Gripped them naked to the waist, and beat, bruised, and otherwise ill treated them, to the great danger of their Uvea; prevented them from polling, and declaring they came there to support the blues.

, 2d. That on account of the said violences, &c, only four persons could poll for the petitioners on that day, and the poll was adjourned to the nth.

3d. That the petitioners called on the sherifFs to protect the persons of said voters, and preserve the freedom of election; the sherifFs did appoint one end of the booth for the voters of the petitioners to poll at, and the other for Yeo and Holroyd. Many constables sworn to keep the peace: posts and rails erected for separating the voters on each iide and proteding them to poll. But the said rioters again aifcrobled on Monday morning, cut and broke down the said polls and rails, and carried them away.; and during the poll obstructed the petitioners’ voters from polling, and committed the like violences, as on the ninth, so that only 21 voters could poll.

4th. Said poll being adjourned till the next day, on the morning of the fame several hundred voters for the petitioners being peaceably assembled at that end of the booth appointed by the sherifFs for them to be polled at, leaving open the other end, a great mob of colliers and other rioters, with many hundreds of their voters, came up to that part of the booth where the petitioners’ voters were Handing, and thea and there dragged by the hair of the head, stripped, beat, and cruelly tore and bruised many of the petitioners’ voters, and drove the rest from the said poll; would not permit them to give their votes, so that three only polled that day.

5th. Said rioters being determined that the petitioners’ voters should not come up to the poll, they assembled in the night time continually afterwards, and took possession of the booth, and kept the lame until the time of polling the next day. Obstructed all the avenues to the place of polling, violently drove back the sherifFs, magistrates, and peace* officers, whenever they attempted to ojpen access for iaid voters; took die staves from the constables and broke them; fame violences continued from (Jay to day till the 18th in-xlufive.

6th. Previous to the day of ele&ioo, and during the poll, petitioners and the other candidates were called upon to poll

b/

99

A. 1780.

DEBATES.

by tallies, to prevent riot and confusion at the election* Agreed to by petitioners, but refofed by Yoe and Holroyd.

Petitioners allowed to keep their majority of 27, and to poll at different ends of the booth, to be protected by peaces officers, was accepted by Halifax and Rogers, and refuseej by Yeo and Holroyd.

7th. Said colliers were hired or employed by Yeo and Holroyd, and their agents, and paid, entertained, and provided with lodging, meat, and drink by them, and they abetted the riots and obstrunions.

8th. On account of the said riots and violences offered the persons of the sheriffs, magistrates, and peace-officers, on the 18th of September, the poll was necessarily discontinued.

That your petitioners are ready with their witnesses to prove the truth of the several allegations herein made.

Wherefore your petitioners most humbly pray that this honourable House will hear them by their counsel, and take the premises into consideration, and grant such relief therein ss die nature of the case requires, and as to the House in it$ good wisdom and justice shall seem fit; and your petitioners wall ever pray, &c.

Mr. Fox said, he would not take upon him to affirm that Mr. F*. the charge contained in this petition was well founded.; whether it was or no, would appear from the evidcocc to be brought to the bar : but he maintained that it was a heavy charge, and a specific charge: and if it should be provea, the gentlemen against whom it was brought were deserving of very severe punishment. The crime with which they were charged was of a heinous nature : a violation of the freedom of election, which tended to undermine the liberty of the country, by Tapping the foundation of the freedom of the constitution. He therefore moved the following resolutions:

First, That this petition be taken into consideration on Thursday next; which was agreed to.

Secondly, That Sir Thomas Halifax and Mr. Rogers, the petitioners, be allowed by themselves or their counsel, to bring evidence to the bar of the House of Commons, in support of the charge contained in the petition; which was also agreed to.

Thirdly, That Mr. Edward Roe Yoe and Col. J. Holroyd be 6cfired to attend the House of Commons on Thursday

W-

Q

109

Mr. Rigby-

General

tmUt,

Mr. Ftx.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

Mr, Rigby opposed this last resolution. It was unjust and Unprecedented. The gentlemen pointed at in the petition must be accounted innocent until they should be proved

Biilty. A mere allegation was not fufBcient to authorise the Ouse to bring Col, Holroyd and Mr. Yoc to the bar in the schara&er of delinquents; he would therefore give the motion for this resolution his negative.

General Smith said, that the resolution was not unprecedea* ted. He himselfhad been brought to the bar of the House in the humiliating character of a delinquent, before any evidence was called for against him, and merely upon a suspicion that he had feefeted certain witnesses whom he named : a circunw fiance in his life which had made a deep imprefiioji in his mind, and which he could never efface. At the same time candour obliged him to declare, that he did not bring that fall as a precedent for summoning the attendant of Mr, Yoe and Mr. Holroyd. He thought he had been treated unjustly^ ttnd he could not in justice to himself pass by this opportunity of animadverting on a proceeding by which he considered himself greatly injured.

Mr. Fax did not conceive that he did any thing unkind or unjust to Gol. Holroyd and Mr. Yoc, when he deiired their attendance on Thursday at the bar of the House. He was ojf Opinion, on the contrary, that the gentlemen themselves Would wish and be anxious for an opportunity of making known their innocence. Whenever the honourable gentleman [Mr. Rigby] had any accusation to bring against him, he begged that he might bring it face tp face, and give him an opportunity of answering for himself, Anew writ would be moved for tomorrow for an election of members to serve in Parliament for Coventry; and in the mean time a very great number of voters, friends to the petitioners, would be absent from the election, while Col. Holroyd and Mr. Yoe would by this partial conduit, have an unfair advantage over their Competitors. This would be the littleft manqpuvre to which a ministerial majority, amongst ail their condescensions, had ever defeended. He thought that this cause should be decided before any election at Coventry should take place. It was, indeed, Mr. Holroyd’s and Mr. Yoe’s interest that a new election should take place as soon as possible, both because the practices of which, as was alledged, they had been guilty, must give an unfavourable impremon of them, which might £ave an unhappy influence on their election; and because, |f the election mould be pyex before the enquiry into the

iy8o* D E B A 7 E S» 101

things charged against the accused party, the petitioners would not have the fame motives that they have now for making good their charge, and might therefore very naturally be fbpposed to relax in their zeal of prosecuting this appeal and complaint to the House of Commons* Mr, Grenville’s bill, as it was called, had, indeed, been productive of much good; it, however, was the iource of some inconveniencies; and among these he reckoned the possibility of influencing, by such a manoeuvre as that he had mentioned, an election.

He begged and hoped that ministry would not be so uncandid as. to take advantage of an inconveniency attending that excellent bill, and of establishing a precedent, which was in itself unjust, though it could never militate against themselves.

He also adverted to that forwardness of ministry in endeavouring to bring on an election at Coventry, which appeared on the first day of the meeting of Parliament,

Lord Biaufbamp laid, the law requires, that within a cer- Lord tain time writs should be issued for elections, and that time*"?* would expire tomorrow. No hurry had been shewn in appointing a time for examining the sheriffs of Coventry. If thele officers had done as they ought to have done; if they had made a return of two members, according to the numbers that were actually polled, however few, the circumstances that rendered the elcction undue and of no avail might have Come before the House in the way of petition as usual, and much trouble have been thereby prevented. An honourable friend of his had said, that there would be partiality in bringing'on the election at Coventry at a time when the petitioners with their witnesses, who were their friends in the election, should be attending the bar of that House. But would there pot be as great partiality in ordering the two other gentlemen to be absent from the place of election, as it would be to call to the bar voters on the other fide ? The petitioners might appear by counsel; but it was proposed that Mr. Hol-roydand Mr. Yoe should attend the House in person. His Lordship farther contended, that the vote of the House when printed, was a sufficient, and the proper intimation to the laffc mentioned gentlemen to attend, if they thought their iaterest required their attendance, and that any order to attend was equally improper, unjust and unprecedented. For with regard to what had been advanced by General Smith, he believed that he had been ordered to attend, after the affair he alluded to had made iome progress in the House, and that it^was by a committee of the whole House on that lubjcCl, that he was ordered to attend*, General

102

I

General Smith•

Mr. Fmc.

General

Swath*

Lord Besw chwmf*

Mr. f«t.

Mr. Stf

rlda.

PARLIAMENTARY A.178

General Smith from the Journals of the House evinced, that Lord Beauchamp, in making this last portion, was mistaken.

Mr. Fox replied to Lord Beauchamp. He allowed that there would be partiality in ordering Colon4 Holroyd and Mr. Yeo to attend the House, if the election were to be hurried on in the manner he apprehended it would be; but he was for deferring* the election until this cause was decided, therefore an order for the attendance of these gentlemen would not betray any partiality.

General Smith observed, that there was a precedent for putting off the dection of members for Coventry, in the Borough of Hindon, to which no writ had been sent for electing a member of parliament for the course of two years.

Lord Beauchamp replied, that the cates were totally diiii-milar; for the burgesses of Hindon had been guilty of ccr-tain practices, for which that delay to fend a writ of election was a deserved punishment, whereas the inhabitants of Coventry were not charged with malversation of any kind. His Lordship added, that he had a petition, in oppoution to that presented by his honourable friend, from Colonel Holroyd and Mr.'Yeo, and others, bur^estes of Coventry. He read the prayer of the petition; which was, that the sheriffs might be punished for not making a return of members to serve in Parliament for Coventry, &c.

Mr. Fox withdrew his motion for the third resolution. The petition, mentioned by Lord Beauchamp, was brought up, and ordered to be taken into consideration at the same time with the other petition relating to the fame subject.

A petition having been presented to the House, complain* ing of an undue election, apd containing a charge of bribery and corruption against the fitting members for Stafford,

Mr. Sheridan rose and complained, that it was in the power of any petitioner to bring a charge of crimes and mifde-meanors against any member of that House with impunity. Where it is alledged that an election is undue on account of informalities or upon certain points of law or custom, the character and feelings of the member against whom such a petition is brought receive no hurt; but the case is other* wife where an accusation is brought of bribery and corruption, crimes so high in the eye of the laws and constitution of this country. He therefore expressed a wish that some gentlemen of greater experience in Parliament and confo-quince than himself, would devise some method of prevent*

A. 1780.

DEBATES.

ics

ing frivoloas and malicious petitions, and of punishing their authors suitably to the nature of their offenctes. It was very hard that a gentleman should lie under the imputation of crimes of which he was innocent for a whole year, perhaps for a longer period. He observed also, that under such cir-ctnndances every member, who had been fairly and independently elected, mud feel equally for the credit of his condiments, from whom he derived his trull, and whose character, as well as intered, it was his duty to defend : that it certainly was a mod serious hardship, that upon the accusa-tioit of a few of the lowed and mod unprincipled voters in any borough, a numerous and respectable body should remain traduced and dogmatized in the eyes of that House for the space of a year, in a petition which should at lad be proved a gross and groundless libel. He therefore hoped that some gentlemen of more experience than himself would turn their thoughts towards providing (ome jud and adequate remedy to this evil, and some exemplary penalties, whenever chaYges of so gross a nature are preferred on frivolous grounds, and with unfair purposes. [He was heard with particular attention, the House being uncommonly dill while he was peaking.]

Mr. Rigby agreed with the honourable gentleman in the Mr. justness of his complaint. He afterwards, however, thought proper to attempt to ridicule the idea of any member's being concerned for the character of his condituents, and to throw out some indnuations against the burgedes of Stafford.

Mr. Fox observed, that though those miniderial members, Mr. who chiefly robbed and plundered their condituents, might afterwards assess to despise them; yet gentlemen, who felt properly the nature of the trud allotted to them, would always treat them and speak of them with respect. He then alluded to the late member for Stafford, Mr. W. and drew a comparison between him and his honourable friend S. not very much to the credit of the former, &c. &c.

Mr. Rigby thought that all such matters were to be judged Mr. of in the committees. It was very hard to lie under the fofpicion of such enormities as bribery and corruption. He pitied poor Stafford; but poor Stafford mud endure fufpi-doo, and even imputation, for a time

Mr. Fox supported Mr. Sheridan, and at length the Mr. F«s. speaker reminding the House that there was no quedion before them, t

Right Honourable T* Tvwnfhind took this opportunity of

tjy

104

Parliamentary a. i jia*

catling the attention of the House to a motion, which he had given notice of, a few days before, viz. that the thanks of that House be voted to their late speaker. It was not his intention, he said, on the present occasion, to enter into a long argument* to shew the ffrong and eifential reasons upon which he grounded the motion he was about to offer to the confederation of the House; that talk, he flattered himself, was altogether unnecessary; for if the House could possibly have forgotten the merits of the honourable gentleman who had for the two last Parliaments filled the chair with so much dignity, the euloges pronounced upon them, on the first day of the session, by the noble Lord and the right honourable gentleman who moved and seconded the proportion, <c that the present speaker take the chair," had, he doubted not, sufficiently refreshed gentlemen's memories, and brought back to their recollection the impression which Sir Fletcher’s conduct had made, not only on the House in general, but on the minds of some of its oldeff and most experienced mem* bers. Mr. Townshend further Aid, that though he did not think it indispensibly incumbent on him to state why he made the motion which he should offer, he felt it proper to say a word or two, as to the reasons on which he did not ground it. The first of these had relation to a particular passage of a particular speech made by the late speaker at the bar of the House of Lords, when his Majesty was about to give his royal aifent to a bill for the increase of the civil establishment. He begged leave to say, in express terms, that he did not move the thanks of the House to Sir Fletcher Norton on account of that speech, and he thought it right to say so; at the same time he muff declare, that he was far from disapproving of that speech; he thought it a wife one, he thought it a well-timed add refs, he considered it as an incontrovertible proof of the late speaker’s zeal and Tegard for the dignity of the Commons of England, and of his judgment and spint in felelting a fit opportunity for supporting that dignity. The House of Commons had themselves adopted this opinion; they had thanked Sir Fletcher Norton for thir speech, and by that means sealed their approbation of his conduct. It was for this reason, because the House had already thanked the late speaker for that particular part of his conaudt, that he did not now make it one of the grounds of his intended motion, and it was for this reason only. There was other parts of Sir Fletcher Norton’s conduit, while he filled the chair, which peculiarly entitled him to the higheff honour a

British

At.i^So*. D E. B A T; E S«

British fobjeft pould receive, the thanks of the House of Commons; and those were, his great attention to the bufi-nest of the House, both public and private, his civility and xeadineis to oblige every gentleman concerned in the latter, and the strict and unimpeachable impartiality with which he filled the chair during the period of much controversy and much altercation. Above all, the House were obliged to the late speaker for the great assistance he had given to the for* warding and carrying into effect, a bill, which the majority of the House had alway s highly applauded, and which never had many, now he believed but very few, enemies; though among them there were men extremely able, extremely wife and feho doubdefs founded their objections to the bill on laudable and liberal principles. That bill, however, of which the greatest part of the House had always entertained the most partial fendments, and of which the f^utary effects -were now sufficiently proved, though certainly Mr. Grenville was entitled to the first and largest share of praise for framing it, was indebted for its efficacy in a great degree to Sir Fletcher Norton. Of what efl'ential importance that bill was, all who had (at in the last Parliament w^re well acquainted; and the young members might learn from the altercation that had, paflTed that day on election matters, how, useful and how conducive to the preservation of the freedom of elcction'me hill was. From the spirit of party that had shewn itself in the coQverfation, whicHrhad taken place relative to the Coventry election, was there a gentleman present who did not believe, that were it. not for Mr. Grenville’s' bill, and had die old method of trying election petitions, by the House at large, continued in practice, but that a ipjyority would have immediately declared Mn Yeo and Mr. Holroyd duly returned members for Coventry. That reflection would convince gentlemen of the merits of the bill to which, he, was alluding, and that reflection would render it unnecessary for him to say a word more upon that part of his subject.

With regard to the mption he should offer, he (aw but one objection which appealed, to him to be of the Jcaft weight, and that, a precedent upon the Journals did away. It might be objected, that being a new rarliament, the House could not take cognizance of the conduct of a speaker of preceding Parliaments, or vote him thanks for that conduct. Sir Fletcher Norton had been speaker nearly eleven years; his fcrrices therefore were not mere services of yesterday; and though mod certainly w’hen a new Parliament was sum-Vol. XVIII. P fcponed.

PARLlXMEHTAtfY A.17&.

rioted,’ \t was not to be supposed that the 4^fe Aker of the old Patliamfent continued in his office as a matter of courfo; his merits^,' rietfertheless, vdieh acknowledged, were not to bfc riaflfcj ovefln fitence. The vote of thanks to Mr. Onslow^ was A'vbte^for thirty-three years services, a vote agreed to gentlemen'who! w^re ;iiot born at the commencement o^e period during which Mr. Onslow had been chofh* fprfktf1: f He, fb(r one, ^at iri^Barliameftt when that vote wa lie agitopto it, though he was amongthdfe who iid not'been'born Wh^fti Mr. Onslow was first introduced into the chair. The pr^eddrit, therefore, clearly ’fhVWed that ifwas tipt utocriftomary for one ParHamenYio.look.Bdck-and vote th'ariks tbla speakeV for conduct Which he had adopted, 1 and uniformly purshed before that rarliamejit had existence.

As to tlfe wording of the present motion, Mr, TownfhenJ; laid/h[e was free to own that he hatTUbeured^ftd^r much difficulty: \ Perfectly aWare that unanimity wasYhe matter most to'be desired,' hd had not easily hit uptin Words which' ! wejak} 1 serve to drefi' it up/ so as to render ft perfectly, bept^ble t« fever y palate *, ‘he might indeed hAVfe ftVed him^eft; much1 ftouble by adopting 3te language.of the* noble Lorif And the 'rigftt'hbnourahfe getnItman,wfib moved and fe-qJrideJ the motion on the nrft day of/the^fiffion; nb word* chuld tobi^fe'exa^y lut his sentiments oftilt late fpcakeiff ! merit,* &an‘ the *words1 ^hiOh both the noble Lbfd and 'fh€ rWhf ' hpnoutablfe gemleoian had used on that occasion; 2nd When the Hotife recollected, that they had1 hild out to the; prefect fpCaker the cojduft of Iris predfecessor as the Bcft iritJtFel hre could follow, and the fittest object of hffisiniitatiort, jf'fflftras'desirous of gainib^ a high chara^qr by his conduct in thVchair, the House would dOubtless join wjjh him in feel- ing t£e truth bf this remaVk. It might, however, be thought imhartdfohr^ in hifo tb take words out of other gentlemenV mouths/1 He mfght be charged with having acted in the chara&qr of a plagiary^ ra character which1'he'had not the smallest i^di^ation to challenge. (

After puzzling hmifelf forlome time, heftid, he had re-cbwfe'ttfprcO^dentj im<3 there his difficulty was rather en-cfeased dinrinifRcd. Highly as he thought of Sir nfetclief,Norton’s merits, highly as he flattered himself, the conduct of the present speaker would entitle him to think of h{s mefjtsbei;caster, he could not offer to the late, or the present, so’insidious and so ihfincere a compliment, as to place either of them on the fame level with Mr. Onslow. Mr*

Onslow

4

A/I7&A

t> ivan* wE*b.

Onslow 'an^A V*6fv eitftiih diffify

raster, a chaftrffer which it-fell te*helotof ^w* inert tlo1^ semble perfe<5*ly. Me could not, therefore, upon this head, bring his mind to the 4dea ttpigi^yas or that Sir Fletcher Norton WtfUhHhink hknM him, if he went so far at to cdpy exactly tfe motion of thanks which stood upon the"JoumMs, as havitfg beeh’voted to Mr. Onslow. The motion He at first drew up, was pretty nearly to this purpose; " That the thanks of this’ House be riven to ty Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Nb/too, lati speaker of this House, for the great dignity, ability, and impartiality, with Which he fiHfed the chair, during the two last Parliaments." This he thoxlght Would prove geqeilally a<£ ceptable; brtt dn Shewing it to certain persons, it wds not ap-^roied; hd 'drew up another, add Others disliked thait. His wish was not barely to think Sir Fletcher Norton in cold language, and without the appearance of cordiality, but to let the motion convey tokens df warmth, of affection, of fin-fcrity. Experience however taught him, that1 no such motion would pdfsuttobje&ed to in that House. hr order,t therefore, to meet unanimity, he had at length been obliged to'have recourse tto a rhUtion couched in the moil naked terms, and nfcich was so for from being likely to challenge ohje£lioh, that he feared it would riot be thought any compliment. at all. He added, that the motion foil so far short of his wiflies and his feelings, that he thought it nfeceflary, in hfs own defence, to (fythus much of it, lelt geritfemen should imagine’ that hV

rWed of it, and confide red it as sufficient to the purpose then (after reserving to himself a right to rep1 abided; with nfoving ‘‘That the thanks of this f" ghtsn'Vo the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Nbrtori Ufo speaker of this House, for his condu6t while he filledwtlid dUrof the Hbufo during the two last Parliaments."

• Slf fftJHam Gordon said, he never rose in that House'but witbtheutmost embaitaflment, and he at that mrittfent felt himself tmdet more than usual difficulty. If he ventured to oppefe the present motion, if might he imputed to ill-nature, ttrperfonal animosity, or to malice, passions which he trusted had as findll a share m his mind, as in that of any one gfen-rignan living. Laying thefri riow totally aftde, as he alwa^ fobulddo, whenever he troubled, the House with his senti-nfcfitson arty subject which came under conififerfnon within ttiofe wails, he must oppbfe the motion, aticf that for1 this itafon1; ill order to be confident with himself?^ He had hem stoe of thbfc ntajJoHty Who, ori‘-the!firftf dif 8f the fiffic/H,* P 2 voted

Sir

Gordon.

K*

Colonel

r

PARLIAMENT ARY A. 17S0.

voted that the present Speaker should take the chair; he cou!4 not, thesefore, without glaring inconfi&eocy, now vote thank? to Sip Flfltcher Norton; ana he was not a little acto-aished, that:any such motion should be made. He had taken die trouble, to search the Journals, upon which not a Angie precedent appeared; that of the thanks of the House having been voted to Mr. Onslow, was exceedingly difflmilar; why then the House AiouLd now, without any specific reason afEgned, make a new and an extraordinary precedent, he was at a loss to guess. The thanks of that House he had ever considered as the highest honour a subject could bellow; it be* hoved the House therefore to vote their thanks on none but real and Angularly meritorious occassions. The value -of the vote of thanks would decrease, and the honour would no longer continue estimable, if the vote was lightly rgfolved on. Sir William added, that if the moving the thanks of the House became frequent, he could not help thinking what he remembered to have had said to him by a foreigner, respecting the Croix de St. Louis, would be perfectly applicable to such a vote: " It is dishonourable not to get it, not very honourable when obtained."

Colonel Onslow said, he scarcely knew in what words sufficiently to thank the honourable gentleman who made the motion, for the very handsome manner in which he had been pleased to mention a near relation of; his, who had fonherly Ailed the chair so much to his own credit, and to the satisfaction of those who were in his day members of that House. If that good man could look down from heaven and observe what had paired, he was sure he would be greatly pleased; and if any thing could enhance his satisfaction, it would be to hear, that his eulogium had come from the mouth of a Townshend. Having said'this, the Colonel declared he must nevertheless

S've his opinion against the motion. Mr. Onslow, while, eaker, it was true had frequently, when he went up with public money-bills, expressed, in strong constitutional terms, an eameft wish that the money might be applied to the fenrices for which it had been granted, that it might be (economically expended, and that care might be taken neither to waste it in prodigality, nor to use it in such a manner as was not likely to promote either the honour or the prosperity of the kingdom. Jut would any gentleman think that Mr. Onslow would, without the least previous authority from the House, when he went up with a bill for the encrease of the civil list, say to the i^.ing, " Sir, take care how you spend your own money, lay it out in inch or such a manner i" Was that a, fort

A. 17M. DEBATES* (64

fort of language that gentlemen imagined Mr. Onslow would have held? Mr. Onslow would not have addressed the throne in that {tile! Mr. Onslow would have thought it an insult to the throne, and an insult to the Cotomons of Great Britain ! Mr. Onslow would have considered it as questioning the liberality of the House of Commons, as dtfgracefully reflecting on their generosity. The Commons of England, the colonel said, was a great gentleman. The whole con-doll of the Commons of England ought to be manly, noble, and generous. Every one of their alls should be upon large scale, and their language should never favour of mean* ness nor distruft. With regard to the precedent of the thanks of the*House having been voted to Mr. Onslow, the precedent was by no means in point. By that precedent, who did it appear had voted the thanks of the House to Mr. Onslow ?— a living Parliament! Was that the case now ?—The direct contrary. Mr. Onslow had been thanked by the House, and his Majesty had been addressed to make some provision for his family. Sir Fletcher Norton had taken care of the latter, before he took the chair. The colonel said farther that as to the motion, he for one should neither vote for it, nor against it; he did not think it became him to vote against his colleague, whatever his opinion might be of his conduit, nor was lie inclined to do any thing disagreeable to any part of his constitutents, let that part be ever so linall.

Mr. Roberts began with soliciting the goodness of the House, to excafe the rough manner in which a member so inexperienced as he was, might possibly express himself. He then said, that he had voted for the displacing Sir Fletcher Norton on the first day of the session, and that he conceived die majority of that day could not With the leaf! consistency vote for the present motion. He therefore, as one of that majority, rote, to say, that he should vote against the question. It was not possible for him as a young member, to know what had been the merits of^Sir Fletcher Norton, while he fat in the chair; having seen no speaker there but the present, how could he agree to thank the late speaker for his eondulk ? On the first day of the session, a right honourable

Frntleman had declared in strong and clear language, that Sir letcher Norton had made a speech to the throne, which was both ill-timed and improper. Not having heard any good a^mnents urged in contradiction of that assertion, he had given it credit, and for that reason had voted against hir~ Fietcher’a taking the chair again. The decision of that day

convinced

PA*I*NfcE¥TA*Y A. iyto.

convia^ddun), thaler l*nd *dop^ the right opinion, and as Sir Fictc^pr JJpitoo^a^ then ousted, hems a little fur-prized to Jiear any gentje^a^ rife'and move; 'that the thanks of the House be voted; tq Sir Fletcher Norton. He could pot reconcile the vote of the first day, with the proportion qow moved, apd therefore he should vote against the latter* hm& on> Lord Duncannon declared, that although he had not fat in tnnt~ {he last Parliament,. her had heard of that fpteech, to which allusion had been made by the right hooemtable gentleman who made the motion, and by the two last spealters,. .That the speech met with his full approbation; he'thought it did great, credit to the late speaker, whofy oondjlft On that and other, occasions merited, the warmed thank* Of the Hosife $ ’ho the refore’should vote for the motion. s» Fridas Sir Francis Bajfet said; it was inapefbble for him,- a» a young mepaber, tabs competent to decide on the proprietytof the present motion ;,hoi^QuW not, therefore, make lumfetf respoofiblpjor it^, byjfating in itSvfuppftrjt* I£ Sir Flctthee Norton merited the? thanks of that ,Htoufe,: he: (liquid- have ifnagmed the last Parliament, who had* witnessod Sir Flct* ether’s conduct, would havq*oted them- The last Parliament had, not done thja,. and from the vote.of tthe firil dSy* be could qo^suspect that the prefen tParlUment had any incliftatfo* to adopt such a proportion, as was,now; before thtHeu&o fie declared he had the honour tp. voteiwith; the majority^om the soft day of the session, h$p&ufe he wasioilinod, fromAe argument of that day’s debate, -to think, it was awife mea* lure to chufca new jpeak^r. Not. having.fat in the fotmer Parliament, it was ippoflible for him tp form tn opinion^; .fromown knowledge,..of the latfe/peaktr’ft eondu£b< fits uuderapod 170 members of that House. wene im the (aafowmi* cUcameqt with himself;: they could nntitbe judges of Str Fletcher Norton’s conduct any more than he could,. and’ therefore he thought it would neither, be warrantable for them* nor him to vote lor the present motion,:

Hr,Sude. Mr,. Stceli said the obvious reason, why the laftParlia-rpent had not come to a vote like that* now proposed, was, on account of the fuddeifdissolution of that Pkrliamdhti He declared, that an end, was* put to the,jextstence the last Parliament, altogether unexpectedly. That there Were gen- tfemen present, who, were in camp with him at the tune* 1 who saw the soldiers moving; oft to their respective feats of freedom, in exer<dfe,of the right.(given thon\ by the •»act of Parliament, a£ fe ^ii wifi,; to dist^sdst^drj^ttlaniy.Ofl

military

•I

a'Y78& £>" iii

difetpfipe £ even AtAr m(W VivfffiT&Wr't^ nrftrain the*. HaVhig hotifttf v«tff

Sttcte said T^c did not merelytkke' fcp^o matter^. as tot lion, baronet who fptoke. fast did, oil ojjimdh of others j that although he hSB hc/t been in theater Parliament, he lhad heard of the oohdoft of the laffd Ijfeakfer^ ttnd it had met with his hearty ap^robaticjo- The 'celebrated tpeech rnadp by Sir FletcKcrT}y6rTort had fteeh'printed by order of the noose, and was matter of public notoriety. That speedi le' approved, and he believed every man, who had the dignity of thd Commons of Ehgfena at heart, approved of it Tikcwife., He concluded withddc taring that he mould vote fir the question.

General SrfihbfappOrtdd the motion, and entered ihtb A Gc«eni

ddehce of tfih Ipeech mad^ by the late speaker at the bar of5"* ftenhfoufe OfT^di^rguing upon the ftritt propriety of his adrfdniffiing'hft ^Sdefty to difoofe ,of the, large filth the Q^tnons had Voted for fiffipbridf his civil list. " The ®wemkf^,' sh^st tribute ofpraife'toSif Fletcher Nbrton,

‘ Hated to' tfcfejjdufb the gteat' Civilit^ he had, on a. former ei&jion, «srt*ttltto<ed at his hajicflL in the conrfe of a trans-ajfldon whion til^gfyen theirs no Imafytrouble.

! *mr'J Coitrtelu$ the motitffc,. sind saidhe most first Mr. c*

tide‘$tice of 'pie little Ihare^ tit1£rgbmeflt prodiiced'In its"* ftnjpoitj Whiili collide9r ou^nt1‘to Weigh with hint "and the members. The rTflft^o^otlrabli gentleman who moyttf it, jfc0QDferVed, Had orawti tft tftd motion In generat tt&sy he hia' nrfWflhelelS expr$ly declared, that he did rvtf t^fr it on(thfc*Tpeech at flie bfrof ^ndth^r House^ which InSf 1ft freigpieTlfly ftttn adverted to 1h die course of the debate.

for ond. Was freh to say, that he Was very far from applying of that speech; Tfbw thin was he to reconcile him-iefPto a motion, bf a general pendency. Which of course cfeinprehendtd that part of the UiAfTpeakers conduct, as well as’evfeVy other }ItneVe was no exception in die words of the Motion, shough the right honourable mover had taken ifik* pains t6 except to it in hta intrddu&ory argument. In Iul6p2ni6n there Wbs in hir Fletcher Norton’s speech to the tirone, something altogether unwarrantable. He knew not where to look fbf an example, Wlcfs he referred to city1 politics. In the records of London, if Was to be' found that al^ord Mayor, taking advantage of his official capacity, wWch brought hirti into the pretence 6f/his Sovereign, had dared, with all the^iiifelent graVify' of Vnagiftracy, to add refs

his

I*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17(0.

hit Sovereign with an extempore speech. The House well knew how that ipeech bad been received in the city, and how the author of it had been thanked. A Hatue had been put tip in Guildhall to his memory, with his figure Handing in a portion of oratory, and this speech in his hand.

This live-long speech e’en Balaam’s act might own.

Fit for eternal record, cut in city Hone.

Were that House prepared to follow the example } Would they, the great representatives of the Kritiih nation, go look for precedents on the other fide Temple-Bar ? Would they build up the fame of a displaced speaker, because, like a city mayqt, he had insulted his Sovereign—?

Mr. Titer*- Mr. Tvwnjhend rose to call the honourable gentleman to or-

/>«£ der. He said, as a young member, he was excusable, because,

\ it was not to be suppoled, that he was acquainted with the

rules of the House, but that he could not ut silent and hear the King’s name used to influence debate within those walls. This error had been fallen into, on the fird day of the fession, and he lamented, that he had not then risen to call the right honourable gentleman who was disorderly, to order.

The Sfur- The Speaker from the chair told the honourable gentleman,

ker. who had used the name of the Sovereign, that it was the

the moH important and mod sacred of all the orders of that House, never to use the name of the King in the course of argument, with a view to influence the freedom of debate, and begged him in future to attend pun&iliously to this.ordes^ as it was his duty to enforce it firi£Uy upon all occafipn^.

Mr. Court*- Mr. Courtetuiye apologized for mentioning the Sovereign; ■9" and then called upon all who were like himself, young members, to recollect what had, passed on the firH day of the session, when the seene was the moH Hriking that perhaps ever was exhibited within those walls, and when the principal actor in that seene, the late speaker, had given an example of heroic fortitude equal to any that ever had been displayed by a Roman matron. He wished for the pencil of a WeH, or a Copley to do it full judice. Being but a bad painter, he mud have recourse to poetry, and recall the idea of that seene to the minds of the House, by dating, that it druck him as a drong resemblance of the seene which passed between Paulo Purgaoti and his wife. The late speaker on the fird day, fat and heard the noble Lord who had moved the quedion of that day, and the right honourable seconder ahxious for his health, expredive of their care for his constitution, and thence defifpus of removing the burthen of bud-

nc&

'S.

Ai 1780. DEBATES. tit

Heft off hit Ihooldert. The House heard the right honourable gentleman, the late speaker, confcfs, that his constitution was impaired* that his faculties were injured, that he was much the worse for hating fat so long in that chair, and yet afterwards when the right honourable gentleman’s friends had expressed a delire of that gentleman’s return to the chair* the right honourable gentleman had flood up, and like a Roman matron, despising the thorns with which the feat was filled, despising all fear of reilless days, fJeeplcfs nights, and dull debates, declared himself again willing to undergo the punishment of fitting there.—Thus the doctor in the tale, like the noble Lord, was laborious ih recommending patience tohjs wife, in giving her recipes for her health, but (he, with Roman firmness, in spite of all advice, dill urged her wilshes and her resolution, till at length the doctor cried*

I’ll do it—but I give you Warning t You’ll die before tomorrow morning.—

And then, like the right honourable gentleman on the first day of the session, Paulo Purganti’s Wife, in defiance of tl/e threatened danger, replied,

Let Wanton wives by death be feared:

But* to my comfort. Pm prepar’d.

Having raised a laugh by this allilfion, he observed that what the right honourable gentleman had said, fespecting Mr* Grenville’s bill, and the conversation that had been held that 0 day with regard to the Coventry election, was but an ill compliment to the House; for it Was pretty plainly telling them, that were they not restrained .by a poutive alt of Parliament. they woula have proceeded immediately to have declared Mr. Yoe and Mr. Holroyd duly elelted members for Coventry. After urging this* he called upon theyouflg members tb recollect, that all who bad voted with the^majority on the first day of the session, were bound in honour to vote against the present question, an obligation which he declared he felt, and should certainly comply with.

Lord Mahon defended the motion from the various attacks LotdA&it*« that had been made upon it, and said he did not, like other young members, approve of Sir Fletcher Norton’s conduit upon near-say; he drew his approbation of it from the records of the House, and from what appeared upon the Journals*

That the Votes and Journals conveyed to those out of Parlia* roent, authentic proof of what passed within those w 11s; that therefore it was neither'ptefumptuons nor urtfarr for him, or

\'

Sir C?eorg4 Ssvilt,

PARLIAMENTARY A.17S*.

others, who, like himself, had not been in the lall Parliament, to form an opinion on the conduct of the late speaker. His Lordflvip reprobated, in the ilrongeft language, what had fallen from colonel Onslow respecting the King’s civil lfft, and said he never would lit lilent ill that House, when he heard any honourable gentleman compare the grants of Parliament to the crown, for any purpose whatever, With the private fortune of a private gentleman. He cohtended, that r the House had itself come, to a decided opinion upon the lub-je£t, and that a formal resolution flood upon the Journals, by which it was expressly declared, that the House had at all times an indisputable right t6 eontroui the expenditure of the King’s civil list, as freely and as fully as the House had a a right to eontroui any other part of the expenditure of the public revenue. This*right, he asserted, was inherent in the conllitution of Parliament, and of the utmost importance to the subject; it was essential to the rights and privileges of that House, and elsential to the freedom of the people at large. His Lordship reprobated the idea of calling the House of Commons a great gentleman: no companion of that kind, he said, would hold, and such comparisons ought never to pass unnoticed. After very warmly oppoling the opinions of those gentlemen who had objected to the motion, his Lordship concluded with declaring he should vote for the question.

Sir Ceorgt Sdvtle complimented Lord Mahon on the sentiments he had j^ufl expressed, and humoroully declaring he rose as a young member, said, he could not but take notice of What his right honourable friend who made the motion, had afledged. of his having shewn it in one form to one person, in another form to another, and in a third form to a third person; but that this, that, and the other mode of dressing it Up would not do. He declared this description of dressing it up one Way, and dressing it up another, made Him for a moment look upon his right honourable Friend as either a mantua-waker, a taylor, or a botcher, who having found it so extremely difficult to dress his child to the tafle of some macaronies, tops, or capricios, had at last brought the babe before the House quite naked. The motion, he declared, ilruck him to be the mbll naked of the kind that ever Was exhibited, he begged therefore to know, and he called upon his right honourable friend to say, who it was that this would not please, that would not please, nor the otfccr would not please}

« Mr*

A* i^8o» .DEBATES«

Mr. Townshend, laughing, said, he did not cxpelt to have Mr. been called upon for fu'ch an explanation by his honourable friend, but that he was not ashamed to acknowledge the salt.

That he w^shed the thanks of the House should be voted unanimously to the lat;e speaker, and therefore he had endeavoured to make it palatable to the treasury bench, being too old a member of Parliament, not to know the weight of that bench in that House, That it was to satisfy them, and make the motion acceptable to their taste, that he had dressed and redreifedit as he had described. Having dated this, Mr* Townshend, took notice of the objections made to it, and said, he was perfectly content if the motion was to be loft, that the loss of it mould go out to the world on these two points. The one, that the ipeech of Sir Fletcher Norton at the bar of the House of Lords during the exidence of the lad Parliament, was deemed an unpardonable offence by mini* fters. The other, that as a punishment for Sir Fletcher’s conduit, miniders were determined to oud him, and had ouded him accordingly, on the fird day of the section of the prtlent Parliament*

Mr. Rigby said, that he made no scruple to declare, that Mr* *(rfr*

he didiked the services of Sir Flctcher-Norton. Sir Fleu cher Norton he thought, had altfed wifely and well, during the former part of the trtne in which he had filled the chair of the House; perhaps a day would come, when Sir Fletcher Norton would repent his not naving uniformly pursued that conduit to this day. Mr. Rigby contended that the motion was without all example, that Mr. Ondow had been thanked by a living % Parliament as a prelude to another motion, for an address to his Majesty to reward him. Was that meant to be the example to be copied ?. If it were not, the present motion was oopienfe.

Mr. Fox replied to Mr. Rigby and Mr. Courtenaye, asking Mr.Fm. if thgie gentlemen meant to date it, the one as an hiftorica! salt, that Sir Fletcher Norton had flown in the King’s face; the other, as a recital of a well known tranlaction, tkat he had infplted the King ? He ridiculed, in poignant terms, Mr. Rig* by’s expression of a doubt, whether a day might not arrive, when §ir Fletcher Norton would repent of having changed his conduit, and taken a decisive part in support of the people again# the influence of the crown. Mr. Fox also seconded Lord Mahon’s idea of the civil list of the King being as much fabjolt to the controul of Parliament, as any other part of the public revenue* He said, the public had a right to have

. Q,*

Ii6

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1780,

Jurl of Svtrty,

Mr.

mhI Father

f*ke»

hord Norik

lord Beau-

the justice of the country supported out of the civil list; to have the great offices of state provided for from that branch of the royal revenue-—and they had a right to look for a proper and a becoming establishment for the Prince of Wales. He paid the Prince9* undemanding the highest compliments, and, as it were, pinned the noble Lord in the blue ribbon down to his promise of last year, that the houshold of the Prince of Wales should be provided for without any further call upon the

£ublic. Mr. Fox was profuse in ironical compliments to .ord North, and pressed the noble Lord not to trust himself .alone with opposition upon the present question, but as he had a right to be lufpicious of their having tome design or other to attempt to change his principles and take away his senses, (which the weaknel's left upon his mind as well as body, by his late illness, might poifibly enable them to do,) to bring a good company of his old friends and acquaintance with him ioto#the lobby.

tarl of Surrey said he must vote for the motion, which was no more than justice to the man, who had worn out his constitution in the service of his country. His Lordship wonder* tdy he said, that justice had not been insisted upon by the speakers in-favour of the motion.

The question was put, and the House divided. Ayes, 136. Noes, 96.

Went into a Committee on the Land and Maltbills* No debate*

November 21. '

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke gave notice that he intended to move on the 27th, that the thanks of that House be given to Earl .Cornwallis for his services in America.

Lord North said, that he apprehended there would be but a thin attendance of Members till after the holidays; therefore he moved, that al) orders for hearing petitions on controverted elections before the holidays, be discharged. Agreed to, and new days, in January, February, &c. appointed.

Lord Beauchamp rose, be said, to make a motion of which he had given notice yesterday, that a writ be now issued for a new election of members of Parliament for the city of Coventry $ a motion which he would have made in the usual course of business, without saying any thing in support of it, if he had not been led, from what pasted in the House yesterday, toexpe& that it would receive much opposition. There was not any complaint brought against the burgesses of Coventry; they were innocent, why then should they be pu-flifticd by a temporary disfranebiCement ? It had been said th? t I tWe

»7

A. 1780. DEBATES.

the burgesses of Hindoo had been disfranchised for a time* True, Sir, but they deserved that punishment. It was the great object of Mr. Grenville’s bill to reduce trials of contested elections to certain, fixed, and regular laws, that nothing might depend on faction, and for that end, as little as DofEble might rest in the discretion of the House. But tf we mould now re--fuse to fend a writ for the election of members for Coventry; if we fb^uld violate the law in one instance, we would soon do it in another, and that bill, with ail its good eifa&s, would fall to the ground.—That very discretionary power of issuing or not issuing writs of election, for which an hon. gentleman bad contended last night, was in the reign of King James, in times of less liberty than the present, looked upon with iealously, and exclaimed against as an infringement of freedom, oir Francis Goodwin refused to submit to that discretionary power which was then uftjrped by the crown; and is the ufur-pation on the liberties of the people less, though it i9 made by. a number of men instead of one ? And if the people have a right to be represented, they have a right to be represented always, and all delays of giving them an opportunity of chusing their representatives, is injustice. The following is a maxim in Magna Charta, nuttt ntgalitur justitia, distretur.

Why mould the House depart from a fixed order? What has happened ? Riots and tumults. Riots and tumults happened in an election at Brentford. The officers, whose duty it was to keep order, represented to the House of Commons, that they were not able to keep peace, and they asked the advice and assistance of the House. The House advised them to get a sufficient number of constables, and to preserve the peace by all polfible means. This was a case exactly in point. It was said chat the election could not go on at Coventry without the aid of the House; but what aid could the House give to the officers who were to preside at the ensuing election at Coventry, that they were not already in poflfession of?' Besides, the officers to preiide at the future were not the fame who presided at the last election. His Lordship considered the petition from Sir Thomas Halifax and Mr. Rogers, as mere allegations, until the fads they alledged, should be proved. He adverted to the inconveniences that would flow from giving credit to mere affirmation of this kind. He was yet at liberty to consider the petition in the light of the efleds of the smart of disappointment. The delay propofetfwas an injury to the inhabitants of that great trading city, the inhabitants of which would be in a ferment until the election should be over; and

tl$

Mr. r.

Mr. Mac-d»*all.

P.A RrL I/A JdBNTARY A. ,1780-

the Joss *nfwg from their diifipation and idleness was a loss to the public. His Lordship concluded with reading hismotion.

Mr. Ft*tgave the pobje Lord credit for the ingenuity and

industry with which he bad supported so bad a cause. These qualities .evidently exerted, betray, however, oftentimes the .weakoefsof the cause that nejeds their aid* The notye Lord, (practising an usual art, endeavours to drown^o unpopular and unjust pr^position, by {hading and confounding it with ideas jutt and popular. He t^lks of Magna Chartay of jealouly, of iiferetionary power, of the resistance made to diferptionary power in former reigns. Good God, Sir, who would imagine tha(t the noble Lord was defending an intention to issue. out a writ for the immediate election of members for Coventry! Who would not imagine that he was supportipg a motion to 'defer that eJe&ion until it could be made with freedom i The -freedom of election, the independency and privileges of the House of Commons could not be any where lodged so safely. as in their own bands, ip their own discretion.' Are the fads •Hedged by the petitioners mere allegations ? Is the nobje Lord willing to -bring that matter to a trial ? Mr. Fox made di-ftiodtion between mere report, vague rumour, and random affirmations, *nd allegations contained in a petition to the House Of Commons. The petition from Coventry was before the House, and the House must decide upon. it. The question then is, whether they opght not to decide upon it, before issuing out a w/it for a new election. Oh! but, fays the noble Lord, a delay would be injustice to t^e cle&ors of Coventry, who ought not to be unrepresented, not for a. week. But it tis better to be unrepresented for a fortnight, than to be on represented ford whole parliament: for at present, a free election at Coventry cannot take place. He concluded with saying, that the merits of the petition might soon be deter-immd; that tt would be unjust to issue opt the writ proposed before that should be done. He,contended farther, that should a new election be ordered in the present circumstances, for Coventry, that would be an encouragement of riots and tumults; for then it would be said, let us try the effects of violence; if it succeeds it is well; if not, we have an equal chance with our competitors afterwards.

Mr. Macdonald said, that far the last reason which the ho-

nourable gentleman had adduced for his being against the motion, he would be for it. Without mentioning names or conjectures, be thought it very probable that some one of the parties in Coventry .wi(bed for a delay, and their wifbes would be gratified, by refuting at the present lime to issue otft the

writ

A. 1780. DEBATES* tif

writ now moved for. Theriotcts, or (ham-rioters, might have been employed on purpose to occasion a, delay, and he would not forward the intentions of their abettors If to find oat the cause) of the riots, and their aiders aftd abettors Were so cafy a matter, if the cause could be ioeaftly decided as the hon. gentleman imagined, then it was a bad argument in his mouth, that the attendance of the petitioners and their witnesses at the bar of the House of (poromon9, would materially injure their election*

For a few witnesses only it should seem would he necessar j but for his part he thought tht trial might be a long one, and might not be over during this session of parliament. However these things might be on the ground of adherence to parliamentary order and form, he would support the motion.

Lord Mahon was for giving the fame latitude to the electors Lord Jfe-of Coventry, in respect of time, that is given in the case of*®* double returns.

Mr. Winehcombe Hartley suspected that there were still riots

in Coventry.

, Sir G. Tenge said, that what had fallen from the lad speaker, sir G.

led him to apprehend, that the writ of the House of Commons for a new election at Coventry might meet with the fame treatment shewn to the lafe, if the causes and instruments, aiders and abbettors of the riots, were not inquired into first and punished; and that in this manner the authority of the House would be brought into contempt.

Major Egerton said, he wa9 at Coventry at the time of the Major

election. That there hsja been little if any rioting at Co- "* ventry* No violence Had been bfed, and no other oppositioa or force hut what arises from (homing, and the pressure of a multitude. If these was any violence offered, he did not believe it was of such a kind as to prevent the electors from voting, if they had had a mind to do so.

On a division of the House, there appeared for Lord Beauchamp’s motion 114; Against it 54.

1 Tellers for the Ayes, Lord Lisburne, Right Hon. Welbore Ellis. For the‘Noes, General Burgoyne, Mr. Sheridan.

November 22. No debate.

November 23.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received <vgT from the right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton, late speaker<r.

, of this House, the following letter, received by him from ’ Admiral Sir George Brydges Kodney, baronet, m return to the thanks of the House of Commons, transmitted to the .laid admiral by the said Sir Fletcher Norton, in obedience

to

PARLIAMENTARY

to thclf command* of the 29th clay of February, in the lass icflion of Parliament.

"SIR, Sandwich, ai St. Lucia, July 16, 1780#

" It is with the deeped impression of gratitude and respect, that I am now to acknowledge your very polite communication, and that transcendant honour which lb august an affcm-bly as the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have been pleased to confer upon me, by their unanimous vote of thanks.

" When I rcfleft upon the insignificaricy of my poor icr-vices, compared with the magnitude of that retribution by which they have been so eminently distinguished, I am at a loss how to express that just and proper sense which I enter* tain of the fame.

" Upon your kindness I must wholly rely, Sir, to make that true report of my most grateful acknowledgements of this great obligation, by which the House of Commons have bound me, under the strongest ties of gratitude, to perfe-vere in an unremitting exertion of my utmost endeavours to promote the honour and aggrandizement of the British flag.

" I cannot conclude without requesting, that you will be pleased to accept my warmest thanks for your truly polite and obliging manner of conveying to me the sense and refo* lotion of the House of Commons.

I have the honour to he,

With the highest rc.fpcft and regard.

Si r, your most obedient

and most humble servant,

G. B. Rodney."

To the right hon. Sir Fletcher Norton,

Speaker of the House of Commons, &c.

November $4.

This day Sir Guy Carleton, presented the following paper at the bar of the House:

0*0 the honourable the knights, citizens, and burgesses, in Parliament attembled.

A Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, lake, and state, the Public Accounts of the kingdom.

THE act of Parliament that constitutes us committibners for examining, taking, and Rating, the public accounts of the kingdom, being patted, we entered immediately upon the execution of the powers thereby veiled in us; we took the

oath

A. 178a. DEBATES., iat

oath prescribed, and settled the necessary arrangement* of office and forms of proceeding.

The legidature not having; left to our discretion, which of the various subjects referred to our consideration we should begin our enquiries with, but on the contrary, having eg* pressly directed us, ftin the first place, to take an account of the public money in the hands of the several accountants; and for that purpose to call upon them to deliver in a caih account; and to consider what sum it might be proper tp leave in the haods of each accountant respectively, for carrying 00 the services to which the fame is or might be applicable, and what Aims might be taken out of their hands for the public servicewe, in obedience to the act, immediately applied ourselves to that subject.

The public accountants may be distinguished into thrtd da (Tes.

1 ft. Thole who receive public money from the subject, tp he paid into the exchequer.

adly. Thole who receive public money out of the exchequer by way of imprest, and upon account.

adly. Those who receive public money from certain of this last class of accountants, subject to account, $nd whp tnajF be called fub-accountants.

We began our inquiries in the first class, and of that clffs, with the receivers general of the land tax. To come at a knowledge of their names, and of the balances of public money in their hands, we procured from the tax office the last certificate of the remains of the land tax. By that certificate h appeared, that of the land tax, windpw, and house tax, to Lady-day last, the arrears in the hands of the receivers general, upon the 14th July last, amounted to the jum of three hundred* and ninety-eight thousand fpven hundred and forty-eight pounds nine shillings and five pence halfpenny.

As this certificate was grounded upon retaros not made to ns, but to the tax ofltee, we issued our precepts to every receiver general of the land tax, and to the representatives of those who were dead, requiring them forthwith to transmit to ns an account of the public money in their hands, custody* or power, at the time they should each of them receive our precept.

Returns were accordingly made to all our precepts; a list See Appo* of which returns, with their several dates, is let forth in the & Appendix to this report; and from.these it appears, that the^0# ' balances of the taxes on land, windows and houl'es, servants,

Vol/XVIII. R au

?! by

t

Its PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

I

and inhabited houses, remaining in their respective hands upon the days therein mentioned, amounted together to the sum of six hundred and fifty-seven thousand four hundred pounds thirteen shillings and four pence.

We proceeded in the next place, pursuant to the diredioo9 of the ad, to enquire to what services these sums were or might be applicable, in the hands of the respective accountants.

And we find, that by the militia ad, of the second of his present Majesty, the receiver general of the land tax for every county, is required to pay to the commanding officer of every company of the militia of that county, being ordered out into, or being out in, actual service, one guinea for each private man belonging to his company, upon the day appointed for marching; and that by the alt of the twentieth, of his present Majesty, for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia, he is ordered to pay- to the clerk of the general meetings five pounds five shillings for each meeting, and so every of the clerks of the fub-division meetings, one pound one shilling for each meeting : and, except the charges of collecting, receiving, and accounting, we do got find, that^ when the militia is embodied, the duties collected by these receivers are liable to any payments, or applicable to any other services whatsoever.

In the returns made to us by the receivers general, such (urns as are dated to have been paid for these services of the> militia, for the year 1779, are different in different counties; but as these payments cannot from the nature of them amount in any county to a considerable sum, we conceive they may be made out of the current receipts of these taxes.

As the receiver general is required by the land tax ad, within twenty days at farthest after he has received money, for that duty, and by the acts which grant the duties on houses, windows, servants, and inhabited houses, within forty days after he has received those duties, to pay the same intQ the exchequer; it became necessary for us to enquire upon ' what grounds, and for what purposes, the receivers general retained in their hands so connderable a part of these duties, fi) long after the fame, ought, according to the directions of Sec Appen* the several acts abovementioned, to have been paid into the exchequer. To this point, amongst others, we examined No. 2.3. George Role, elq; secretary to the tax office; John Fordyce, Wo. 4. cfq; receiver general for Scotland; William Mitford, elq; Wo. 5. receiver general for the county of Suifex; Thomas Allen,

cfq;

A* 1780* DEBATES. >123

*<q; receiver general for part of the county of Somerset; se* APP«n* Thomas Walley Partington, esq; receiver general for thedix. counties of Northampton and Rutland, and town of North-Now 6. ampton; and George Rowley, esq; receiver general for the No. 7. county of Huntingdon.

In theft examinations, two reasons are assigned for this Retention of the public money; one is, the difficulty of procuring remittances to London, especialiy from the distant counties; the other is, the insufficiency of the salary of two pence in the pound, allowed the receiver by the land tax and other acts, upon the sums paid by him into the exchequer, to answer the trouble, risque, and expence, attending his office; to supply which, and to render the employment worth having he has been accustomed to retain in his hands a coosiderable part of these duties, for the purpose of his oWn advantage.

As an examination into the manner and charge of collect* ing and remitting, in an office of receipt, similar in its cir» cumstances, might enable us to form some judgment upon the validity of these reasons; we dircded our inquiries to the collection and remittance of the dunes of excise.

For this purpose we examined Goulfton Bruere, £squire,No. 8, first general accountant; Richard Paten, Esquire, leeond No. 9, general accountant in that office; Mr. Richard Richardlbn, No. io< collector of excise for the Hertford collection; Mr. Thomas Ball, colledorof excise for the Bath collection; and George No. 11. Rowley, Esquire, who is collector of excifo for Bedford No. 7. collection, as well as receiver general of the land tax for the county of Huntingdon; and George Lewis Scott, Esquire^Nq. i$f one of the commissioners of excise. We procured too, from that office, an account of the graft and nett produce of the excise, received by each collector for the year 1779; in which it appears, that the graft produce amounted to the sum of three millions foven hundred and fourteen thousand seven hundred and seventy-one pounds sixteen shillings and an half* penny, exclusive of the receipt at the excise office in London, paid in by the persons charged, without the intervention of a collector; which graft sum being, as we apprehend, considerably more than the amount of the duties paid to the re* ceivers general, is collected in England and Wales by fifty-three collectors, being only two more than the number of, receivers*general of the land tax, inciuding Scotland.

From theft last examinations we learn, that each collector of excise goes his rounds eight times in the year; that he remits the whole of his nett collection in every round to the

R 2 excise

m

See Appendix.

No. 13,

No, 14*

PARLIAMENTARY JL1780.

t%cifc office, chiefly by bill* at twenty one days afterdate, in the counties near London; at thirty days, in the more remote counties; end at fifty or sixty dayp, in the most dif-. tant, ao.4 none at a longer d^e; that he is continually remitting during his round; and within a week after it is finished, fends up by a balance bill, all that remains of the duties collected by him in that round; that, he finds 00 difficulty ip procuring bills; could return more money by the fame method; and is never suffered to keep any money in his hands.

Each collector is paid a salary of one hundred and twenty-pounds a year, subject to dedu&ioos amounting to one shilling and nine pence in the pound j and ifc allowed perquisites to about one hundred pounds a year more j and giyes security for fi ve thousand pounds.

We endeavoured to form some computation of the loft sustained by the public, from the detention of the money by the receivers general, and for that purpose, we called for an account of the quarterly returns made by them to the tax office; from whence it appears, that the average sum in their hands, from the 5th of July, 17 78 (when the diode was adopted of transmitting the accounts on oath) to the 7th of July lpft, amounted to three hundred thirty-four thou Hind ?nd fixf

2-one pounds, the inhered of which, at four per cent* being irteen thousand three hundred sixty-two pounds a year, we conceive the public have been obliged to pay, for want of the use of their own money.

But the 4ofs has been, not of interest only, the revenue ft-ffclf has suffered; for by an account of the arrears and default* ers of the Und tax, and othej duties, from the year 1*756, which we called for from the tpx office, those arrears in the hands of the defaulters not included in the first certificate, appear to amount to one hundred and thirteen thousand one hundred and sixty-one pounds 1'even /hillings and two pence halfpenny, of which twenty-four thousand two hundred and fifty seven pounds seven /hillings and two pence three farthings is actually loft upon composition; of the remainder, part is in acourse of legal proceed ngs, and the recovery of a great part doubtful: Whereas by a like return which we required from the commissioners of exqife, for the fame period, we find there have been no arrears or defaulters among the officers of excise, except in one instance, to the amount of three thousand six hundred pounds*

From this comparative view of the modes of collecting and f emitting these different duties* and of the advantages accruing

to

A. 1780. DEBATES.

to the receiver and collector from their several employments, we are induced to think, that the receiver general of the land tax is not warranted in his detention of the public money, either by the difficulty of procuring bills, or by the insuffici-ency of his salary.

Supposing, however, the difficulty of procuring bills really1 to exist, though it might occasion tome delay in the remit* ranee, it yet is no juffification of the receiver for constantly keeping a large balance in his hands; and, admitting the poundage not to be an equivalent for his pains, yet we are of opinion, that the present mode of supplying the deficiency, by permitting him to withhold the duties, is injurious to the public, and ought to be dii'continued.

The revenue should come from the pocket of the subject directly into die exchequer; but to permit receivers to retain it in their hands, expressly for their own advantage, is to furnish them with the strongest motive for withholding it. A private interest is created, in direct opposition to that of the public; government is compelled to have recoutfe to expensive loans; and the revenue itself is finally endangered.

We are therefore of opinion, that there are no services to which the said sum of ux hundred fifty-seven thousand four hundred pounds thirteen shillings and four pence is or may be applicable, in the hands of the receivers general of the land tax, or of the representatives of such of them as are dead; and that it is not proper to leave any part of it in their respective hands; but that the fame, or lb much thereof as now remains with them, ought to be paid into the exchequer, at such times, and by such installments, as may be thought ftasonable, after a practice osso long continuance, and as shall be confident with such engagements as may have been catered ioto with any particular receivers.

ffwember, 1780W GUY CARLETON, (L. S.)

RICH0. NEAVE, (L.S.1 SAMJ-. BEACHCROFT,(L.S. GEO. DRUMMOND. (L.S.

APPEN-

1*6

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1780.

APPENDIX. N0 1.

L rS T of the Returns made by the Rceeivers General of the Land Tax to the

Comrpifponers appointed to examiney, flatty the Public decounts

of the Kingdom*

£.

Bedford, John Miller, 25th July, 1780 - ‘ 9201 14 8i

Berks, John Jones, late Receiver, 4th August 198

Do. John Dean, junior, 29th July 16443

Bucks, William Minfhal, 26th July — 8643

Cambridge and Elv, Francis Dixon, 25th July 16359

Chester, Thomas Mills, 29th July — 511

Cornwall, John Bodger, 30th July —~ 14569

Cumberland and Westmoreland, George Atlcinfon, 25th

July ■' 9132 11

Derby, Samuel Crompton, 31ft July — 6793 19

Devon, Daniel Hamilton, 20th July ---- 21977 *4

Do. Richard Rose Drewe, do. do. —-■ 17584 16

Dorset, Francis Stuart, 27th July — — 8498 12

Durham and Northumberland, Aubone Surtees, 3d

August —---- —

Essex, Robert Andrews, 5th August ----

Do. John Yeldham, 25th July

U

18 16 ui

*9 7 12 10 1 6{

19 —

Gloucester, Richard Colchester, 27th July Hereford, Executors of James Woodhouse, 6th August

Do. George Terry, 29th July ----

Hertford, John Balchen West, 27th July —

Huntingdon, John Jackson, late Receiver, 2d Nov.

Do. George Rowley, 7th August----

Kent, William Scott, 16th August — ---

Lancaster, William Gregson, ift August ----

Leicester, Rogers Ruding, 29th July ‘;----

Lincoln, John Grundy, 27th July

Do. Charles Chaplin, /9th July

8686 10

13723 4

81C7 18 8 12

1154

6120

London, Middlesex, and Westminster, Richard Bagot, 31ft July

7751 4227 14705 6490 11 9829 9

73 5#

13122

22411

22412

2

H

2

4

Do. Robert Wilson, ift August London, Ac. inhabited house tax, William Brummell and B. Broughton, 27th October Monu.outh, Paul Morgan, ift August

4302

6294

if

6

1

e%

___I

t

___I

z

l6

n

5

l)J

si

7!

fri

7

4

ni

8

6i

---- 3272 18 6}

3*

No*«

7026

A« 1780.

DEBATES.

Appendix*

Norfolk, Roger Kerrifon, 27th July ----

Do. William Fisher, do. do. '1——--

Northampton and Rutland, Thomas Walley ington, 26th July _ -■

Nottingham, George Mason, 29th July — Oxford, Thomas Walker, 30th June — -

Salop, Sopierfet Davies, 27th July ----

Somerset, Thomas Allen, 9th August

Do. Charles Hutchings, 29th July —

Southampton, John Duthy, 2* th July ——

Stafford, Francis Cobb, 27th July —■

Suffolk, Thomas Fenn, 31ft July —

Do. John Spink/26th July —

Surry, Joseph Shaw, do.F do. —1 -

Do. John Ford, ift.October —■

Suilex, William Mitford, 25th July — Warwick, Edward Freeman, 28th July — Wilts, Thomas Phipps, 2*;thjuly —

Do. Edmund Wilkins, do. do.

Worcester, Joseph Berwick, 28th July — Wales, No. Bell Lloyd, do. do. ——

Bo. John Herbert, 8th August —

Wales, So. William Herbert Dyer, 10th August Glamorgan, Edmund Traherne, 30th July —

York, Marmaduke Constable, 28th July ----

Do, William Stanhope, do. do. —

King's Houshold, John Fenfliaw, 27th July Scotland, John, fordyce, 13th November —

Part-

14786 18 14206 11

127

d.

8

7254

10086

963J

1705a

234 79 20373

12l8l

•4605 18883 12645 1705 500 .*3971 9»oS 4873

16:46

8026

7563

10314

93*7

6971

*4493

»7509

1738

52071

6 n|

6 -ji

11 nt

2 8 16 9I IS 1 14 4t 18 I li 11 iti

7

13

1 5

•111

8 i|

J5 9

9 b >4 3l

3

IO 1}

s ioi

*57A°o 13 4

No. 2.

The Examination of George Rose, Secretary to the Tax 0ff.ee; taken rtpen Oath, the yth of August, 1780.

T said examinant faith, That he hath been secretary CforgiAf,* to the tax office somewhat more than three years.

That the office consists of seven commissioners, a secretary, an assistant secretary, and five clerks.

That the principal duty of the office, as to the land tax, is tosuperintend the receivers general, and to hasten their payments into the exchequer; and if the collectors appear to backward in their payments, to urge their being enforced,

by

*28

Appendix.

PARLIAMENTARY A.ijto.

by application* to the acting commissioners in the country: that the office receives weekly accounts of the sums paid into the exchequer by the several receivers, and from them, and the receivers accounts, make out a weekly certificate, and transmit the lame to the treasury.

That formerly the receivers did not make their returns to Ihe tax office so regularly as at present, botiras to the time when they made them, and as to the arrears contained in them.

That about two years ago the office adopted the present mode of requiring the receivers to return their accounts every quarter upon oath, both of the receipt and the arrears, with the names of the divisions in arrear.

That the commissioners of the tax office have no power or coatroul over the collectors; and that the receivers have made-' frequent complaints against them : that when the board observe considerable arrears outstanding in any district, they write to the acting commissioners in the country, desiring v them to enforce payment from the collectors; but that in general such application has not produced any material effect#

That the only power the tax office has over receivers is, to direct their solicitor to proceed against them in the court of exchequer when they are deficient in their payments, of which there have been two or three instances in his time; but several have been threatened with prosecutions, which has generally produced better payments into the exchequer.

That most of the receivers have confiantly balauces in their hands, to the knowledge both of the tax officer and the txet* fury, without any procels being ordered to issue agaixift them: no line Is drawn to ascertain what that balance may be, but if, in the judgment of the office; it appears large, thtrccciv-trs are wrote to, to make further payments into the excite* quer; that were they to be rigid in compelling them to pay as rite land tax act directs, he believes few of the receivers would think their offices worth holding,

This examinant further faith, That the window tax is also under the management of this office, and yields near four ' hundred thousand pound* a year: that the office receives annually from the several surveyors (of whom there are about one hundred and seventy, betides ten general surveyors) theif tax books, containing an account of every rateable house in each distrilt, and from which the office make up their account of this tax.

And

4* 1780. DEBATES. 129

And that the doty on servants, and the duty on inhabited Appendix, housea, are likewise under the management of this office.

Guy CarUtoa, George Rose.

T. Auguish*

Richard Neave,

Samuel Beaebcroft,

George Drummond.

No. 3.

The Examination of John Fordyce, esq* Receiver General of the

Land Tax fir Scotland; taken upon >the 2*Jth and 18#J» days of Jv\y, 1780.

THE said examinant depofeth, That he is receiver general of the land tax for Scotland, and has been io since the dyc*t the 3 rear one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

That the said examinant’s office is .very different from tha^ of the receiver of the land tax in the counties in England, it being the general receipt of the exchequer for Scotland, into which the whole receipt of the land tax is paid by the collec-» tors of the different counties and boroughs in Scotland : that every county and royal burgh has a collector, whose office and duty are similar to that of the receivers of counties in England : that such collectors are appointed, and their reward fixed, by the commissioners of supply: that the said collectors have no pay or reward from government, nor any dedti&ion or poundage out of the land tax received by them, but are paid by the land holders in counties, and by the proprietors or inhabitants of houses in burghs : that their salaries are, he believes, from forty shillings to one hundred pounds a year: that from the situation of the country, and the (mall-aefr of the reward to the collectors, he believes that in the gresteft. part of Scotland they go round the country but once a year; and that therefore the land tax in general is collected annually, and notoftener; and that neither would the date, of the country, in many parts, and the greater extent of the counties permit the collectors, noT could they, for the salaries allowed them, be expected to go round quarterly, or even half yearly : that the effect of these circumstanqes is, that the year of the tax is expired, and the succeeding year begun, before any considerable part of the collection is paid to the receiver general; and ooniequently the collection is generally a year behind.

Vo l.XVIIL, S That

130 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*0.

Append!*. That he does not receive remittances from the cblle&ors at aily fixed or dated periods; and that, for want of that gerierai commercial intercourse which prevails in England,

' these remittances are as irregular in the means, as they are in the time of coming to his hands, sometimes coming in bills, and sometimes in money.

That he believes there is no premium or discount between any part of Scotland and Edinburgh.

That the mode of this examinant’s remittance to London is ih bills, which, he purebafes in Edinburgh, and for which he pays no premium : that he has a fixed correspondent in London, to whom he fends such bills, who pays the money into the exchequer, and to whom he allows a commission for transacting that business.

That the land tax charged upon Scotland, is all paid into the exchequer without the usual deduction allowed in England, or any other deduction whatsoever; and that the expence of collecting is entirely defrayed by the land-holders in counties, and by the proprietors or inhabitants of houses in burghs.

That this examinant is not allowed the poundage of two pence in the pound, established for the receivers in England, or any salary or other reward whatever, for receiving the land tax, or as a receiver general the eof.

He has another office under the crown, which he holds during pleasure, namely, that of receiver of the crown rents.

That this office is quite distin£t from the other, but has usually gone with it, and been executed by the same person.

That the receiver of the crown rents is allowed a salary of six hundred and fifty pounds subject to taxes, and

has ho other reward or emolument whatsoever. That the expence of executing both these offices, of the receiver of the crown rents and receiver of the land tax, amounts to seven hundred and fi ty pounds per

That the mode of compelling payment of the land tax in Scotland is, as he believes, the fame that was established by Oliver Cromwell; this is frequently put in use, and found to be effectual.

That he yesterday morning received the precept of thisboard, requiring him to lay. before the commissioners a cash account of public money in his hands at the time of the receipt off such precept; that, however willing, it is not in his power to comply, with the fame, because, in the first place, he has hitherto made up his accounts only half-yearly, to Lady«*day

and

A. 178a DEBATES. 131

and. Michaelmas; that to come at the balance required, it Appendix, would be necessary for him to balance near four hundred accounts. Secondly, the payment of the whole civil establish-ment of Scotland, which is made by him, is just approaching, in which his deputy, clerks, and booths, will constantly be employed in doing that business. And thirdly, the court of exchequer in Scotland is at present fitting, before which court there are many precedes depending against the collectors of the window tax, many of which are referred to him for his examination and report.

That with respect to the balance of sixty-four thousand five hundred and seventy pounds, appearing oy the certificate from the tax office to be in ithe hands of this examinant, the largeneis of the arrear is partly owing to his having, in and .previous to the year 1776, remitted a very considerable sum of money to his agents in London, whose house bad been agents to the receivers office in Scotland for 50 years, without any neglect or want of punctuality, to be paid by them 'inter * the exchequerj which he supposed had been done, till he received a letter from the tax office, charging him with a much larger balance than he apprehended to be due: that upon the receipt of such letter he came to London,1 and, applying to his correspondents, found that they had not paid the money into th iexchequer as he had fiSpposed: that by using diligence, he recovered a considerable part of it, ^trhion was paid into the exchequer immediately : that the remainder, being twenty-two thousand pounds, he has never yet recovered; but by using uncommon diligence, he has procured securities for it, which he believes to be good, and upon which he does not doubt that the wholtf of it will be recovered in time : that in consideration of all these circlira- fiances, the lords of the treasury, upon his application, have allowed him to pay that sum in installments of five thousand pounds per annuity till the whole is paid.

That with respect to the balance of forty-two thousand five hundred and seventy pounds, which will still remain in his hands, after deducting the said sum of twenty-two thousand pounds, for which he has got that indulgence, he can only say, that the use of the money is the only advantage

'that he h as for executing the office of receiver general; apd .that he does si ot look upon the use of that sum as more than a reasonable equivalent for the trouble and expence of executing it: that he has, on Thursday last, the 20th instant, engaged to have the generjd balance between Scotland and the

S a exchequer

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1986.

exchequer in England, thirty thoofond pound?Ida at Lady* day next, than it was at Lady-day Iafty and to pay idea the exchequer ten thousand pounds on or before die lOth.day of the next month.

Guy Car let on, JohU FoRDYC*.

T. Anguish,

A. Biggott,

Riebard Neavi%

Samuel Beachcroft,

James Tierney,

George Drummond.

No. 4.

The Examination of William Mitford, Esq; - General of the Land Tax, f<sr. the County of Sussex, total Oath, the

Ztb ofAuguft, 1780.

The said examinant faith. That he has been receiver general of the land tax for the cqqnty of Sussex, ever fiuce the year 177 a.

Tha( he makes his collefUon every six months, about the middle of June, and middle of ppoember -y and that such has been the usual custom of that county.

That he has no deputy, bu£. does all the bufinefe himself; and the advantages of his office are entirely to his own use.

TJtrat he brings.himself the money he collects to London, in ^caih or bills, and lodges it at his banker’s, who procures payment of the bills for him; and that he always pays into the-Exchequer, the whole amount received by him, of the preceding year’s tax, about or soon after the Chtifhnas following.

That the collectors, in some of the divisions in his collection, are frequently deficient in their payments; and.he has no power to compel them to account; neither has he aoj means of discovering whether the arrears, which appear du6 from the country, arise from the money not being collected, or from the collectors withholding their payments.

That he always keeps a balance in hand, it being neceflafy for him to leave a considerable sum in his banker’s hands, to anfyrer the trouble of receiving the bills when due; and that without a balance in hand, the poundage allowed by the act to receivers would not be a fumcient eompensation for hji* trouble and expences, which are considerable, having lees to pay on his appointment, on his entering into his recognizance on every payment which he makes into the exchequer; on the Hating and passing his accounts and obtaining a quietus, which

A. 178* B E.t A T PS. 133

ia hi* case amount to upward® of ninety pounds a year; befhles A^endix* the ueceffity of keeping more servants and horses than he otherwise would do, charges'in travelling round the county to collect the taxes, the riftjuc of bad bills and of conveying the money to tom, and the inconvenience of finding security for upwards of thirty-six thousand pounds.

This examinant further faith, That the collection of the fervent* and inhabited house tax is no advantage to the, Receiver; it greatly increases his trouble in collecting, and occasions him more expence in the collection than his poundage amounts to, upon so incoafideraUe a sum as it produces.

Thomas jhtguish,. WiL. Mitford,

James Tireney,

Geo. Drummond.

No. 5.

The Examination Thomas Allen, Receiver General of the

Land Tax for Part of the County of Somerset; upon Oatby the 18*A of August, 1780.

This examinant faith, That he is now, and has been for 1 about twelve years, recover general of the land tax for part of the county of Sonoerfcty and that he has the whole profits of the office to his own use.

That the account of his receipts and dHbu^fements is made up quarterly, and lent up to, the tax office the first week in the succeeding month.

That be has usually fcmud the coUedors deficient in their payments; and that he wrTtes every quarter to the acting commissioners, with the names of fiioh tythings, and a list of all the divisiens in arrear, desiring them to enforce payment; # that in fomo divisibns this produces payments from the collectors in about three weeksbut in many of the divsions. tl^e commissioners altogether <u (regard the application.

That he believes the fault lies with the .cojledor^, who ‘ge- -netally receive the ihoney, and keep it in 'their hands',' sometimesfor two years: and it .is worth their f while; for whyert the receiver general upon making up liis accounts, Returns' the names of the deficient collectors into the exchequer, they’kre ^fiJurttd on paying in the miney before ^rocefs is iffiiefl,.

®d a fee of one pound two shillings and sixpencej of thereabouts. .. " ""

That he ufbally keeps a considerable ’b^hce in his toids which is unavoidable; being at a considerable distance frofo t£e capital, and the difficulty great of procuring good bilf db Loodon.

Thit

P A R LIA M E N T Alt Y A. 178a

That heMieves the practice bf thft receivers Iceeping mo* ney in hand is connived at, in order to render the office more advantageous, as the poundage allowed1 by a<Sb of parliament is *not adequate to the trouble and etfpence bf it.

That upon receiving letter from' the tax office to enforce payments from him, he has made several into the exchequer: That no process has issued against Mm; Hut he has this morning been told, by the fecrretary to the tax office, that unless he made certain payments within certain times, process would he issued against him. -

That his accounts are audited annually at the exchequer*; •and that he (ettled his account for the 1778, in April last.

Guy Cartoon, Thomas Allen.

T. Anguijhy t

Geo. Drummond,

Richard Neave,

Sam. Bcacbcroft*

No. i

The Examination ofThomas Walley Partington,

General of the Land Tax for the Counties Northampton and Rutland, and Town of Northampton; taken upon Oath, the

'■ w^e/’August, 178b. 1 '

, This examinant faith, That he: is now, and has Been for about six years, receiver general of the land tax for the counties of Northampton and Rutland, and town of Northampton.

That when he was first appointed,' in 1774, he was fiir-pfized to find large arrears from several parts of the counties due; but upon application to an acting commissioner of one of the divisions in arrear, he acquainted him, the custoih of that part of the county was, to pay their taxics as they did their rents, one half year under another, orfomewhat laser.

That there are ’ ten dmfions in his collection; that he found that he could hot receive the, tax without a deputy at ‘Northampton, who goes his rounds twice a year to colIect; that he generally meets him at ToWeefter, trie last place in Jthe collection, brings the money to town, and makes large payments immediately into the exchequer.

’ That the greatest part of some of the divisions, and lefier. parts of others, to about half the annual tax, do not pay at ibeplaces appointed half yearly.

That many of the celle&ors never meet the receiver, but pay their taxes at Northampton, as it suits their conve-; nience;

B /E B A T ~E S. 135

nience ;thit several of the towns do not pay up their arrears Appeals, until after the month of November, and foroe not until the month of January,

TUit he do*&~*Qt xea>lle& ever returned .any of the collectors infu^ery but-twice since he has been receiver5 that on thefie occasions he paid one time a fee of sixteen shillings and eleven pence, and another time of eighteen shillings and five pence, to the auditor of the land revenue, for a certificate of arrears.

That the money which remained in his hands has been from five thousand to seven thousand pounds; frequently, and particularly lately, not so much as five thousand pounds; but that immediately after his general half-yearly receipt, he has had, in money and bills, between eight thousand and nine thousand pounds, which may iometimes have remained with him a month or six weeks.

That he paifes his accounts annually beforq thevaudftor of the land revenue, as soon as he has got in all the arrears; and that in February last he paid iir his balance, and faffed his account up to Ilady-day 1^79, as soon after as the an-' ditor could prepare it,

That he apprehends the expence of collecting, had he hot a deputy, would amount at least to one hundred and X^rtnif pounds a year; but having a deputy, it is considerably moth to him.

' That the expences of obtaining his commission, paying mqney into the exchequer, allowing and passing his accounts; for the year 1778, were as follow 2

Tallies oo paying money- into the exchequer " 4 12 —•

Treasury fees — Retnembraincer *— Petition and report CommiJJ&n. 18 11, 6 — 7 1 6 — < 1 ifi —

.. To Auditor. Allowing account land — «*— D9 house? and windows — — Passing account land — —*- ' — 20 ft \ l6 —*

V Carried over 83 ii 10

« Brought

»3

PARLIAMENTARY A. i?8ol

Appendix. Brought forward, #—

DQ houses and windows — £.37 18 »4l Allowtd by tkt fcing in accoont 30 —^ — J Mr. Taylor — —4 — —

a.

tx xo

*3

67 VS 4

— 10 6

9* —*

GujCarlemy THOM Af W. Paatihgtok.

Y. 4ngu\Jhy ..

J.Piggotty '

RjehardNeave,

Samuel Beachcrofty

George Drurpmond.

. i 4

No. 7.

The Examination of Mr, George Rowley, of Extifbfar

Bedford Collection; /<?£/# upo the yd of October, 17 TO.

<?. 'This examinant faiths That he has been a colleger of exfife for upwards of fifteen years; that he is now, and has been for above thirteen years, collector of Bedford collection j that previous, thereto he was for one year collector of Gran-t^aiii collection, and about another year coHector for Wales middle collection.

That his present collection extends into' part of Cambridge*' shire, part of Bedford (hi re, part of Northamptonshire, and the whol^of Huntingdonshire.

*, That he Kas a salary of one hundred and twenty pounds a year, subject to a deduction of one shilling and nine pence in the pound, and has the usual allowance for riding charm, which, in his collection, amount to one hundred and twelve pounds a year; and some other small perquisites, amounting ao about twenty pounds a year more.

.. T^t he has never been afiefted for the land tax; if he ha

Jbe rnufi have paid tf out of his own pocket, the commissioners only directing the tax to be repaid on salaries not exceed* ingone hundred pounds a year.

. That the amount of his collection he believes to be upwards of eighty thoyfandpounds a year.

That there are eight rounds in the year, and that he receives the duties every round in money, bank notes, country bank bills, and drafts on London payable at twenty-one days after ,date*

That his rounds last twenty days, and that he generally remit! .twice during each round, at the distance of eight days,

and

Ai 1780* DEBATES.

*37 v

and remits the balance on the Thursday following the con- Apftodi*. elution of his rounds.

That his instructions are, to keep ho money in his hands bat what may be sufficient to answet certain charges, and to remit the balance within six days after the close of the round; with which instructions he complies strictly.

That he finds no difficulty whatever in remitting, and remits about nine tenths of his whole collection in country bank bills, and other drafts upon London; and thinks he could remit more, if necessary, having frequent applications from men in trade to take their drafts.

That the bills were formerly drawn at twenty-eight or thirty days after date, now he is ordered to take none longer than twenty-one days after date.

That he takes security from all the returners themselves, and one or two sureties, being bound for a sum equal to the value of the bills he takes from them; he pays no premium whatever for the bills, nor ever did in his present collection.

That the Grantham collection was not to large an amount as the Bedford one : he found no difficulty whatever in procuring bills, nor in complying with his instructions of remitting within the time limited; that he paid no premium whatever for his hills, and the whole collection was remitted in country drafts, payable at one month after date.

The collection of Wales Middle is one of the finalleft collections; whilst collector there, which is now fifteen or sixteen years ago, he found no difficulty in remitting, the returners being glad to take the money, and give bills for the premium then paid, which was seven shillings cent; which premium, he is well informed, is notv totally abolished, and the remittance punctually made; he remitted the whole collection in country drafts, he believes payable at one month aftetf date, and he think he could have procured more bills if necessary.

That he never received a bad bill in any of his collections since he has been a collector.

This examinant further faith, That he is receiver general of the land tax for the county of Huntingdon, and that he has been so since Lady Day 1779 > t^lat a^° the

hoofe and window tax, the tax on inhabited honfes, and servants tax; that the amount of the land tax for the said county is about fifteen thousand pounds a year.

That the arrears to Lady Day 1780, amount to about six hundred pounds, which are either in the hands of collectors;

Vol. XVIII.

T

or

' r3*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a

Append!*. ffill unpaid by the subject; tHat such arrears include not only the arrears of the land tax, but also those of the other taxes, with the collection of which he is charged; and that he has not yet applied to the acting commissioners to compel payment thereof, because he expects such payments will be made soon.

That he has reason to believe the collectors have often had the money in their hands, when they laid the tax was still in

arrear and unpaid by the subject.

That the acting commissioners in the county of Huntingdon have offered their assistance to compel payment from the collectors, and for that purpoi'e have lately deiired him to give an account of the arrears {landing out at each day’s receipt in each hundred, there being only one day for the receipt in each of the four hundreds; which he intends to do, and which he apprehends will contribute to the more speedy payment of the tax.

That in- Huntingdonshire the coile&ion is made half-year-: ly, after Michaelmas and Lady Day, and they begin to pay the tax in about a month after thelc periods.

That he pays to the cashier of the bank, partly by cash and partly by bank, bills, what he receives for these taxes, taking his receipt for the money; which the cashier pays into the exchequer, and takes a tally for in this examinant’s name.

That he has tvo doubt he might remit the money by coun>» try drafts, if he pleased, without paying any premium* There is an established bank at Cambridge, a good house, which, he believes, would give bills on London any day for one hundred thousand pouiids, if wanted.

That he generally has kept about or near one half of the whole of his collection in his^bands for one year; that he con-ftders the use of the money for that time, as part of the advantage of the office of tbie receiver general of the land tax; apd that ip so small a collection, as* that of Huntingdon, where the whole amount is not seventeen thousand pounds, he does not think it would be worth while to execute the office, merely for the poundage, without such ao advantage* That his poundage, being only two pence in the pound, does not amount to more than one hundred and forty pounds a year; out of which must bo deduded the fees paid for obtaining his warrant, of which he has yet no account, as they were not paid by himself; the fees for tallies upon paying money into the exchequer, and upon passing his accounts.

A.*7&d. D. B!BATES. 1 *13

the amount of which he does not know, not having yet pitted Appendix anaccount: that he is alto under the necessity of keeping a clerk, as receiver general of the land ta?, for shat bufinefi only, who attends him on the receipt, and keeps his accounts, for which he pays him about twenty-five pounds a year.

That his office of collector of excise, is attended with much more trouble to him than that of the receiver general of the iand tax.

That he has now very little more money im his hands, than when he made a return to the precept of this board.

Guy Carleton9 Geo. Rowley.

A Piggotty

Richard Neave9 K

Samuel Be ache rest-y

George Drummond.

No. 8.

The Examination ofGoulfton Bruere, efy\ First General countantin the Excise Office; taken upon Oath, the 2$d 1780.

This examinant faith, That he is, first general accountant G, Bnere. in the excise office, for beer and other duties.

That he hath been in the excise office forty-four years, and in his present office aboot three years.

That one branch of his office is to keep the cash account, and general account of the excise, for the articles in his department, collected throughout England and Wales.

That the salaries of tho collectors of excise are appointed by the commissioners, and are one hundred and twenty pounds a year each, with an allowance for riding charges

That the collectors never keep any money in their hands, hot remit their whole collection every round, except such finall sums as are necessary to pay salaries.

That at the end of every round, the collectors tend ab-stracts of all the duties they have received; and, in general, all over England, remit by bills, payable at different dates, according to the distance of the collections from London; that within one hundred and fifty, or two hundred miles, the bills are generally twenty-one days after date; and in the nothern collections, fifty or sixty days after date.

That in the counties near London, the collectors sometimes bring the money upthemselves; but this they do very seldom, and only in particular cases.

T 2 That

Appwdi*

It. fa to*.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

Thit he never heard the oolleftors found any difficulty in procuring bills in the moll distant counties; and that they have been always punctual in fending up their accounts and balances.

That before this year, some of the returners of money were Allowed a small sum per cent. for furnishing bills; which in the year 1779 amounted to twenty-one pounds six shillings and one penny three farthings; but that the commissioners have now discostinued such an allowance.

GuyCarUton, Gouj^STQN BauiRl,

T. Anguijby A. PlggOtty

George Drummondy

Richard Neave,

Samuel Beachcroft,

No. 9.

The Examination of Richard Paton, Second General -. couniant in the Encife Office\ taken upon Oath} the of

Septemberf 1780.

This examinant faith. That he is second general accountant

of the excise.

That he has been forty«three years in the accountant’s office, and about sixteen years a general accountant.

That the excise, duties are divided into seven branches, and that over each branch there is one general accountant.

That his branch is general accountant for the duties on low wines, and other particular duties*

That he keeps an account of the receipts of these duties, and of all payments whatsoever out of them.

That within the bills of mortality, which is die jurisdictton of the chief office, all traders are obliged to pay their duties to the receiver general at the said office.

That every Monday a general cash account is made up of the receipts and payments of the preceding week; and on every Wednesday, if no holiday, the receiver general pays the balance into the exchequer, reserving only a sum Efficient to answer such payments as the office has notice may be demanded the following week.

That but of the bills of mortality, the collectors of excise all over England remit the duties collected by them to the comouifioners chiefly in bills, which, in the collections near

London,

A. 1780. DEBATES. 141

London, arc generally drawn payable at twenty-one days Appendix after date; those more remote, at about one month after date; those moil remote, from fifty tolixty days afterdate, and none longer; for the board will not permit the collectors to fend bills at longer date, nor will they fuller them to keep money in their hands.

That he believes the collectors seldom find any difficulty in procuring bills in the mod distant counties, and does not recoiled one indance of it, in his branch, since he has been a general accountant.

That the returners of money had formerly various premiums for their bills, from two shillings and: (it pence to twenty shillings per cent. hut the commissioners finding the manufacturers and traders in every collection ready to take the money collected, and to give bills for it, they have by degrees diminished the premium, and about Christmas 1778 totally abolished it.

That the collectors have printed indructions from the boavd, never to keep the bills io their hands more than one week after they have received them; and that during their rounds, of which there are eight in a year, they are continually remitting bills by pod to the board, and are obliged, within six days after the collection is finished, to fend an abdract of all the bills they have transmitted during that round; and mud" not fail to clear the balance of each round, if there be any, before the commencement <of the succeeding; other wise they will be charged with intered for such money, and incur the utmost displeasure of the board.

That the collectors in the country, by orders from the board, in conference of a warrant from the treasury, repay all the officers in their collection the land tax on their respective salaries: that in the city of London, the officers of exciie exercising their office there, are assefied in the city, and pay the land tax to the receiver general for London.

That be believes the salaries of all the inferior officers of excise are nearly the fame now as they were in the reign of King Charles the Second.

That the commissioners pass the accounts of the collectors once in every year.

That the annual account of each collector, with a duplicate, is dated by an accountant, and examined by the general accountant, both as to the charge and discharge, and each signs the account and duplicate; it is then tranlinitted, with the vouchers, to the comptroller, who examines, signs,

and

I4* PAU1A;MJEN:TARY A.17&.

Afgufix. and returns k to the general accountant; it is then, with the duplicate, laid before the board, who examine the account, and two of the commissioners sign it; after which h is sent t qthe auditor of the excise, with the,credit vouchers, which

credit vouchers remain with him, the original account remains in the accountant’s office, and the duplicate is sent to the collector* All this is done without any expence attending it; for every officer of excise is bound by oath to take 00 fee or regard whatever for any thing done in the execution of his office.

That every year a general caQt account of the weekly receipts and payments of each respective duty, is made our, and signed by each general accountant, examined and figoed by the commissioners, and afterwards sworn to by all of the commissioners, before the cursitor baron* of the'cxckcquer.

That afterwards this account goes to the auditor of the excise, who transmits it to the chancellor of the exchequer; be pastes it, and grants the commissioners their quietus.

That no expence whatever is paid, in the excite office* for any part of this bufinefe done there,

Guy Carle ton, R. PaT.O K. J. Pi 'ggott)

', Richer*Ntc/ve,

Samuel Beachcroft,

George Drummond.

i No. 10.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Richard (bn, ColkEkr of Excise for Hertford Colit Elion; taken upon Oatby the 24 th ' August, 1780.

fi'bgwj This examinant faith, That he is collector for Hertford

Kr.kjrdjtn. pplle&ion of excise, and that he has been so near seven years.

That his collection consists of a number of towns in a certain circuity extending into different counties; and that be £oe$ this circuit eight times a year.

That he is appointed by the commissioners of excise, and gives five thousaftd pounds security.

That he collects the duty of excise from the persons charged by die supervisors and excise officers.

That the excise officer charges the persons whom he fur-\’eys, and who are liable to the duty; and that the supervisor superintends the business of the excise officer, and is a check upon him.

I That

A. tyfo. DEBATE 5.; *4

That previous to the collector’s fittings for the purpose of Ap^m*. receiving the duties, the fqpervisor fends him an abstract, containing the names of the person* charged, and the sum each is charged with.

That there are returners of money, who meet him at some of the places of the collection, and give him a bill or bills for so much of the money as he chuses to let them have, payable twenty-one days after date, which is the term bills have been usually drawn at in this collection finco he came into it.

That the returner of money is fotne person approved of by him; who gives him a bond, with one or two furctiesr te indemnify him against any io(s hnd expence from the bUis.

That no premium whatever is paid by the collector to the returner for the bills j and that if he wanted to return more money than he does by bills, he think^ he should meet with no difficulty in doing it.

That he believes the amount of his collection for the preceding year, ending the 5th July, 1779, was three hundred twenty one thousand nine hundred pounds ten shillings and eleven pence.

That he believes he remits about one sixth part of the money he receives in bills; the rest he pays in bank notes; and that he is obliged to remit the bills to the commissioners in a week after he receives them; but he generally remits some of them sooner; and that he indorses on each bill the duty it is> applicable to.

That he believes he has as much or more trouble in his collection, than most. other collectors.

That at every place of collect ion, he, the collector, the supervisor, and an excise officer, sign a paper, called the petty account, containing the sum received by the collector in each division and out-ride, for each duty at that place, the distillery duty excepted; which distillery petty account i§ signed by the collector only, as the supervisors and officers do not attend the receipt of that duty; and the collector f$nds up these petty accounts to the commissioners, as soon as he conveniently ^can* after having finished his collection in that district, in order to give the commissioners knowledge of the sums fie has received, with intent, as he believes, to prevent collectors keeping the money in their hands.

That at the end of the collection he fends up a balance bill, which is a bill for the remnants of the several duties with which he is chargeable in that round, enumerated on the back of it; and that he is obliged to do this in six days after the close of the collection in each round.

That

144

Appendix*

Tbtmas

Bail.

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1780.

That he is allowed a salary of one hundred and twenty pounds a year, subject to a deduction of one shilling and nine pence in the pound; that is to say, the one shilling in the pound tax on salaries, six pence in the pound to the civil list, and three pence in the pound to the excise charity; and that he is allowed for riding charges, each round, five shillings, for each division and outride, which at present, in his collection, amounts to eleven pounds each round, there being now forty-four divisions and outrides; and as he makes eight rounds in the year, he now receives about eighty-eight pounds a year for riding charges; but this varies as the number of diviuons and outrides vary; and he also receives about twenty-three pounds more annually for coach receipts, brandy^ licences, and (bap drawbacks; and also five shillings for attending an hearing of an information, where the informer's part mall exceed twenty shillings after mitigation, and charges paid, which in the year ending 5th July, 1780, amounted to three pounds five shillingsbpt le.t the informer’s share be ever so much, he receives no more than five shillings for attending the bearing.

That he pays to the collectors of the land tax, or their agents, within nis collection, the land tax charged upon the salaries of the officers of excise within his collection. '

That he pays no fee or expence whatever, either for passing his accounts or for his quietus.

Guy Cartoon, Richard Richardson.

T. Anguijhy

A \Piyott.

Rich.

Sam.Bcachcrofty Geo. Drummond*

No. 11.

The examination of Air. Thomas Ball, CoUeSJor of for

Bath Collection; taken upon Oatb9 the 3 October, 1780.

This examinant faith, That he has been a collector of ex-ci(e uear seven years; that he is now, and has been for upwards df five years, collectorof Bath collection.

That his collection extends into part of Somersetshire, Wiltshire,* and Gloucestershire, principally the two former; and that the annual amount of his collection is upwards of sixty thousand pounds.

That he rs appointed by the commissioners of excise, and has a laTary of one hundred and twenty pounds a year, subject to the usual deduction of one shilling and nine pence in the pound

A. i7?o. D' E B A "t E S. 145

pound: that he is also allowed a certain fqdi for riding charge*, Appendix, which, in his collection amounts to fourteen pound* around; and the^e being eight rounds a year, the whole amount of riding charges is one hundred and twelve pounds a yean He h^s likewise about twenty pounds a year more, arinng from soap debentures, brandy licences, and carriages.

That he pays the land tax assessed upon the supervisors and officers, to the parish collectors, and takes their receipt, which receipt is also attested by the respective supervisors and of* beers; that he has never yet been assessed for the land tax, if he had, he mu ft have paid it out of his own pocket, the commissioners only directing the tax to be paid for those officers whose salaries do not exceed one hundred pounds a year.

That he receives the duties collected in money, bank notes, and the notes of the banks of Bristol, Wanninster, and Bath; and that he rymits the money to the commrflionere of excise in London, by bills drawn at thirty days after date, which he obtains from the different clothiers, or other gentlemen in the country, and the banks at Bath; about two thirds of the amount from the former, and the remainder from the latter.

That he has security from all the returners-whose bills he takes, in sums from two thousand to four thousand pounds, according to the amount of the bills he takes from them.

That he finds no difficulty in getting bills, and could, as he believes, obtain them for ten times the amount of his collodion.

That he finisheshis collection, each round, on the Tuesday of the third week; and that on the Saturday of the first week, he fends up the bills for that week; on the Saturday of the second week, he also remits the bills received that week; and that he used, before the late new duties were laid on, to remit the balance bill on’ or before the Saturday of the third week; and generally, since that time has done so; but does not recoiled, saying one or twain fiances, of being later in remitting the balance bill than the Wednesday of the fourth week.

That he pays no premium -whatever for the bills, nor has he paid any since he has been in his present collodion.

• That at the end of his last round, there were no arrears due in his collection, though he thinks he receives the duties from about fifteen hundred people.

That before he came to the Bath .collection, he was, for about eighteen months, collector for Dorset collodion, the annual amount of which was upwards of forty thousand pounds; be found no difficulty whatever in remitting the money collected there, but the bills were drawn at forty days after date, and he paid a premiumof two shillingsand six pence per cent, to Vol. XVIII. U the

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780

the persons who furni/fied him with the bills, which premium he mis heard is now'totally abolished.

That he never received a bad bill in either collection : nof does he fecollect a /hillinghaving been loll by an insolvent arrear in either collection, since he has been a collector.

Guy Carletorty Ball.

J.PigQtU Samuel BeachcroJ\r

George Drummond.

No. 12.

'the Examination of George Lewis Scott, Esq\ one of the -miffbners of Exrije; taken upon Oath, the 29 of September,

ijKo.

G r. The said examinant faith, That he is how, and has been for LafitSccif. upwards of twenty two years, a commissioner of excise.

That the collectors of excise have a salary of one hundred and twenty pounds a year, and an allowance for riding charges of five /hillings for each round, for every division and out-ride in their collections; that they make eight rounds in the year, and remit the money collected by them immediately, chiefly by bills of exchange, which he does not know or believe they have any difficulty in procuring, never having Heard any complaint thereof; that the only difference in the distant collections is, that the bills are at longer dates than those contiguous to London; and that the commissioners have had frequent applications to recommend to the collectors persons to furnish them with bills, without any premium whatever; but that the choice of remitters is always left to the Collectors, they being answerable for the money; that formerly j a premium was allowed to be given to persons called returners of money, which, as well as he recollects, has been in his time from ten /hillings to two {Hillings and sixpence per cent, but that it has been gradually diminishing, and, since, Christmas 1778, totally abolished. '

That the collectors of excise are taken from among the fu-pervifors, after an examination of their characters and behaviour; and that the board never had any difficulty whatever in finding persons willing to undertake the office of collector, and to give proper security; so far from it, that such places are j much solicited for.

That the collectors are required to fend an account of their, receipts from each place of collection, to the end the commissioners may know the amount, and remit the bills in fix daysf after they receive them; they are also obliged, within a week-after they have finished their round, to transmit a list of all-3 the

146

Appendix.

, 3d by

1780,

DEBATES.

*47

the bills they have remitted during such rounds and a ba» Appendix, lance bill for the remnant* of the several duties with which they are changeable dhridgth^t rqund. '■*

That the commissioners will not permit the collectors to keep any taoney tft their hands, but require themwto clear the balance of each round, if there be any, before the commencement of the succeeding, otherwise they* will be charged with interest foss such money, and incur tnc displeasure of the board... ‘

That the collegers are very punctual in Remitting; that he never heard of a collector being proceeded, against for default of payment of the money collected by him, and.that he does hot believe there is any such instapee iinCe he has been a commiifibnet; that the collectors, by orders from the board, in consequence of a treasury Warrant, repay the land tax charged upon the inferior officers fabrics which do not exceed one hundred pounds a year. )

That the receiver general. makes up. nis accounts weekly, and the sum to be paid into the exchequer is by an order figiied by five Commissioners, and consists of all the money in *' 'v-the receiver general’s hands, except1 the sum allowed by the commissioftert as proper to be referred in the hands of the receiver generalj to answer such payments as the office has jtfft reasons to suppOfe may be demanded the following week.

That every year •general cash account of the weekly receipts and paymentrofneadh irespective duty is made out,1 examined, and signed by the commissioners, and afterwards sworn to by all the Commissioners, before the cu/fitor baron of the exchequer/ It isthen carried-by the auditor to the chancellor of the exchequer, before whom it is declared, and after being in rolled in the different offices, a quietus is granted to the commissioners.

r ?. -1—:..m —

Guy Cartoon,•* ' {jEO. L.’Scott.

A. Piggotty

Richard Neave, "

Gorge DhmMNlfc"*7 "

Samuel Beach

No. 13,

*4* P A R LI AM E tyT A R Y A. 17

No. 13.

Appendix. Ah attouHl of this total sums fa the hands receivers ^e-

fttrdl tif the land tax, from the weekly certificates following

each quarter day, from the time the mode was adopted of the receivers general transmiittng their accounts on, to the pro-

ferit.

> T)*

W

lith.

7 th

OfRi^e tbf Taaee«, 12th August, 1780.

ioth July,

16th October, 8th January, 9th April,

9th itity,

15 th October, 7th January, 7‘th April,

m

C 33*>844 .208,4^0 282,520 354*180

:]

3,c,69o----

386,620 — ----

440,000 .--- ---

, Ilj’lll 9 sJ

GtokGt Rost, Secretary.

No. 14.

An account of the arrears and defaulters, of the land tetxand window duties,

for twenty years preceding the year 177.7* and from that period to the pre-- fenttime; comprising therein the Jams which have keen

ail of Parliament, or otherwise and what has been received upon Juab compositions, in lieu of the suns or sums in arrear from any defaulter ear defaulters.

William Williams 1 £. 180 — —. £m s* tL

360----*-

W -A L E 8, So. -ai'ft 2S. Aid, 1755. <t8 4s. Aid, 1756.

29 4S. Aid, 1757.

30 itAid, 1738. Houses and Windows, 1,736.

‘ditto 1757. Ditto 1758.

•W+.h* *1 §0. 40th 4s. Aid, 1776. Houses and Windows, Do.

4,826 4 4 2,309 — i — 380 — —-

640 4i.:S 614 — —

Leon. Bel.

14,160----

3>8oo — —

9>S°9

74960 — —

Staffordshire, Jamet&euUy.

35 th 4s. Aid, 1763. 383 15 —

Houses and Windows, Do. 1,840 — —

36th 4s. Aid, 1764. a,354 19 7

Houses and Windows, Do. i^hpo — —

---- 6,17814 1

Here-

A. 17 S

'D E I B ATE S.

1,900 — 8

Appendix.

S. _ <L

15A js.Aid, 1767, Houses and Windows, Do.

Herefordshire,

Houses windows, and 1

Land,. j *7 5*

38th 4s. Aid, 1766. 11,886 13 9i f

Houses and Windows, Do, 3,800 — —

7,SJ8 8

2,200 — —

----—— 27,345 2 ioJ

W i i T $ h 1 R 1,

Houses and Windows, 1770.----—» 4,000 — —•

Suffolk. Pt. Wallis and Spink.

22d 3s. Aid,. 1775. — — — 20,138 — —

Lancaster, James

Houses and Windows 1776, 2,660 — —

14,242 11 11

, 9 3

—----28,03# 1 2

*JUUi« «uu TF iuuvwa !//«•

41ft 4s. Aid, 1777. Houses and Windows, Do,

The lords commissionersef Majesty's treasury agreed, by a warrant under their hands, to accept of 3000I. as a competition for the ddbt due to Mr. Williams for South Wales; for the recovery of which sum, suits are now carrying on againfothe furemsjWho are able to pay the money: Mr. Leonard Bilson Gwynn has given fufncient security for the payment of the whole arrear due by him for South Wales, within four years and quarter worn the jwefpnt. time.

Several Anns have been paid on the account of Mr. Bailey for Staffbrdihire, and a decree of the court of obancexy is obtained for the sale of his estates, from the proceaas of which the whole debt to the public will be paid.

The estates of Mr. Lane, late receiver general for Here-fordfoire, have been in possession of the crown under an extent ever tince his failure, and the amount of the nett receipts. is annually paid into the exchequer, in diminution of hie. debt to the public.

Sufficient focurity is given, and moans are now used for enforcing it, for the payment of the whufe arrear due by Mr* Eaale, as receiver general for part of the county of'Wilts, oa window dtuies.. .. 7

The executor and furotiesof thfi Utc Mr. Wallis hape paid, ▼ety Jargp fomt on account) ^receiver general for part of Suffolk, in diminution of his balance^ fipce hi* deaths and

tat*.

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1780*

have only.obtained time for the payment of, the remainder, from the lords commissioners of the treasury, in order to enable them.to get in money, due to the deceased.

Mr. Gildart, late receiver general for Lancashire, has lately compounded his debt with the lords commissioners of the treasury^ under the authority of an act of Parliament, on condition that he shall pay into the exchequer the sum of ten thousand two hundred and eighty-two pounds two shillings and six pence farthing; four thousand two hundred and eighty-two 'pounds two ihiftings and sex pence farthing, of which hjTKas' already paid, and nas given very sufficient security fSr the payment of the remainder on or before Lady-day 17817 is, however, to be obferVed, that the first mentioned sum is a composition for the whole debt due to the crown, 'which includes the whole debt on the window duties.

Office for Taxes, 1 George Rose, Secretary* 12th October, 1780. j

. - No. 15.

Return by the Commissioners of Ex the Order of the Commissioners of Accounts,dated 29th of September, 1780 : re* quiring an Account of Arrears, Defaulters, of Officers of

. Excise, &c. See.. v

There are no arrears^ nor defaulters, of the officers of ex-> cife, for twenty years preceding the year 1777 inclusive, not to this date; except that in the year 17,74, Thomas Colfis, collector of Oxford, having; advanced 3600I. of the jexcise money upon bills of exchange^ drawn by Anthony Colfim and Thomas Sylvester, on Melfrs. Sylvefters, of Great Ruflcl-street, London; *hd the several parties^ both drawers and pay8J& Jbecomirfg bankrupt before the said bills becartte payable,1™^ said collector Collis wafc, by order of the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury, acquitted and dif* 1 charged in his accounts of and from the said lbrifl of 3606!; but their lordships were pleased, at the same time,* to order*1 that the said Collins and1 Sylvester, who dre# the find hilts, and Messrs. Sylvester,' Of Riiffel-street, who icceptfed the fame,1 should be set itijuper^ for the^ said gbool. add wife discharged from the same; which sum is ^ill rtA&hiftbg dbe frdlh th* parties afx>Vfc' mentioned. r" :r':rr "

; :<P : -r. ■' GoxjLsTbw BRuBk^ Acedia; Genu 1

v )* hi ♦ 3t4 J I

Mr*

&*EH*fc Office* 1- ' 4<h' October, 1780* J

A« 1780* D E B A 7 £ i^t

Mr. Aftncbi hsaid, before the House went into a committee Mr. Hm»

of Supply, for the purpose of imposing on the public thef* enormous expeace of the army edimates, it was their duty, in justice to their conditueots, whose money they were about to take out of their pockets, to know, for what it was voted, apd to be able to assign a reafoa to the people, why they) called upon them for so large a l\im. The edimates upon the table, among other heads, dated that a very numerous army was necessary for carrying on of the war, and that the troops to be employod in plantation fervicq amounted to a* considerable number, and cod the nation a considerable fun*.

In order to obtain tome satisfaction on that point, ifcwas; that, he meant to trouble the House, and without further preface, tp move for an account, of the date and didribntion of the army under the command of Sir Henry Clinton, according to the lad returns. He therefore moved,

" That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House an account of the number of forces now under the command of Lieutenant General Sir Henry Clinton, in North America, and aUo the distribqtioi^ of the kune, according to the lad returns made up and transmitted by him to the office of the right honourable Lord George Germain.’’ > :

Mr, Jenkinson,Secretary at War, said, he believed itMr. y*jfcic~

wppld not beexpe&ed that he should use many words in ex-/* pressing his entire d‘^approbation of the motion which had been jud made by the honourable geoftferaaft. The Inaction fpokc sufficiently for itself; the object of it was to procure the exact account of the present poiition of the BritifK army in America. Motions had before been made, at different periods, which went not near so far in their object (they only requiring the date of the army in America) all which mo-t tions the House had.thought it wife and prudent to reject, because if they had been agreed to, the House would iUclf have published to their enemies what the interedjof the nation rendered it highly necessary should be conceded front their knowledge, The,present motion was of a|l others mod objectionable. Would gentlemen seriously think it. politic to publish, to all the world, not only the date of the army, but its actual portion y8 fie flattered himself the House would

feel

tjt PA RE 11MENTA1Y A.17S0.

feel the impolicy of such a measure, and therefore he fbquld. endeavour id akert the mifcfclef, by rtioving that the ordksr of tfio day bet now read*

Mr. Tunur.. Mr. 9wn$rrole to fbeood the right honourable gentle-. nmfs notion, that the onler of the day be now read." Mr. Turner said the county in which he lived, and the oonftitoents whom he reprciented, (and perhaps they were as respedable coastituents as sent any one gentleman to that House) had told him, previous to his election, that they would never place any confidence in him, if he gave the lean countenance to the further prosecution of the American war. Ht therefore secondod the light honourable gentleman’s motion for leading the order of the day, and going into a committee of supply, in Order to fee whether the war was to be continued in America or not, to meet mtnifters in the teeth on that point, and know whether7they dared spend more of the public money on so frivolous and frurtless a project ? He wifiied to know if they meant to bamboozle the nation any farther, and the sooner it was known the better } He declared he had been confined td his bed six weeks before he left his own house; he had got up from that bed, and travelled to London, 150 miles, at the' rate of forty miles a day, to do his duty as a member of that House. In his journey he caught cold, and had a person to lit up with him for several nights together; but expecting that the committee of supply would comfe on, he had at all hazards come down to the HOofe, and was determined to bring it to the proof, whetherthkt House would fuffor mini Hers to go on in the fame mad UUd extravagant manner tlUR they had hitherto pursued? Here-minded the Speaker, that ten or a dozen years ago he had told the House that the war with America was an unconftt-tdtion&r war, and he said, he had told the House truth; but the lad was a hired House of Commons, and did just what the hirers pleased. The people who paid the taxes, be was sure, would not agree to go on with the war, and those were not the electors of the gentlemen who formed the majority of that House. He declared he had uniformly voted one way, and often in a small minority. He liked a fmail minority best, a small minority had virtue, and wished well to the country; a large minority was a bad thing, a small one a good thing. After a few more words, spoken with a Hunt integrity,-Mr. Turner repeated k, that he seconded the motion that the order of the day be now read.

Mr.

le

A. i^8o. DEBATES;, 153

Mr. Afincbi/t, in reply to the secretary at war, said, the Mr. Min- answer he had just received waa so hackneyed, that he ne- ch'M* ver heard it given to a motion like that, he had taken the liberty of making, without being ashamed of the person from, whole mduth it caitie. The idea of danger to the country and service to its foes, from acceding to his proportion, was ridiculods and absurd to an extreme. Was Sir Henry Clinton’s army, in its constitution, different from that of every other army ? Were there no friends to the enemy, no (pies in it ? Would the right honourable gentleman take upon hint to aiTert, that General Washington, Monsieur Rochambeau, and Moitfieur Ternay, were not perfectly mailers of the information he wished the House to receive ? On the contrary, would not the right honourable gentleman, if he chose to confess the real motive of his objection, say, that he was not afraid of giving information to France and America, but that he was afraid of giving information to that House }

Mr. Minchin said further, that he had no objection to leave out that part of the motion which called for the account of the fitoanon of General Clinton’s army, and content himself bately with moving, that an account of the state of General Clinton’s army be laid before the House.

The Secretary at fvar said, if it depended upon him, he should say his objections were so strong, that he was not wil-ting to take even half the motion only. It lo happened, however, that his motion for the order of the day to be read had been seconded and put; it rested therefore with the House to dispose of it.

The Right Hdn. T. Townjhendrofe upon this, and appealed hou,

ill faimefs to the right .honourable gentleman, whether, when T. Tow-hit honourable friend wished to make an amendment to hisA4* motion, by leaving out the moll offensive part, he ought to infill upon reading the order of the day upon it* As the motion Hood at first, Mr. Townlheod said he thought it was too extensive, and that there was ground for reasonable objection to it. He had told his honourable friend so when he shewed it to him; at the same time that he mentioned this he begged to have it understood that he did not fee the lead Objection to it on the score that had been suggested, viz. the fear of its giving information to our enemies. As his honourable friend had said, there could be no danger of that kind in the case, since a full compliance with the motion Vol. XVIII. X would

154 PARLIAMENTARY A, 1780.

would only, give that House some information respecting matters, of which undoubtedly General Washington, Monsieur Rochambeau, and Monsieur Ternay, had complete knowledge six months ago. The afiertion of his honourable friend was true, that ministers were only afraid of giving information to that House. Scarce a day passed without affording a proof of this; their present silence was a more than ordinary instance of their haughty treatment of Parliament. What did it amount to, but a direct demand for a large sum out of the public pocket, without giving that public the smallest satisfaction how their money was to be employed. Mr. Townshend said, he was aware nc might be answered, " Look at the estimates upon the table !" but those estimates did not cure his objection; in those estimates no account was given of the provincial corps, fom4 of which he was informed were mere corps of officers, a system of putting the nation to expence by means which did not conduce tp its interest, that had been pretty much adopted of late! Why did not ministers account for the provincial troops ? Why did they ‘ not shew, that when they obtained the public money, they applied it to the public service (tri&ly, and not bring estimates to Parliament which held out no real lights, no in-. formation that could be depended on } Mr. Townshend con- |, eluded with recommending it to his honourable friend to amend the motion, and hoping that the House would then -feceive.it.

Mr. jHi*.Mr. Mlnclnn said, he had no objection to leave out the

•bin. ‘ part which had been just spoken to, but that he should certainly insist on his motion; and that he though^ it highly indecent in the right honourable gentleman, and those who fat near him, to hurry on a business of such considerable importance as the consideration of the army estimates, on a day when so many of them had risen, and expressed their great doubt of being able to get a House of 100 members together, to ballot for a committee.

The House {hewing an inclination, that the motion for reading the order of the day be withdrawn, in order to put the amendment, the Speaker Rated the question, and the House having agreed to the amendment, the amended motion was next put, when

lord George Lord George Gtrmain rose and moved the order of the day;

Gtrmsin. jjjs Lordship, at the same time, in answer to Mr. Town-

shend’s

4

A. 1780. DEBATES. 155

(head’s questions, read what he called, a short return of the L

provincial corps, from which it appeared, that the whole aurqlper of provincial effectives in the British service were -eight thousand and ninety one,*and that to two thousand eight hundred and forty one rank and file, there wefe but one hundred and three officers. His Lordship said’ that the forming them into battalions was a business transa&ed wholly by the ~ commander in chief in America: that in that point Sir Hen- ' ry Clinton acted at his discretion; but that he had ever made it a role to incorporate one corps with another in proportion as each grew thin, and to manage the matter so as iyas likely to put the public to the leafs expence. ‘

General Bijrgoyne begged to know if 8000, or thereabouts, General

was the number of the effective provincials, what was their #. whole establishment

Lord George Germa n said, he did not know that there was Lord any regular establishment, at least he had no regular account of it, and the reason he supposed was, bccaul'e the number in service depended upon events. Perhaps there might be in his office some papers, stating what number of provincials the commander in chief might wish to have on an establish- ' ment; but he had risen before, merely to answer what the honourable gentleman had said, relative to there being an unusual proportion of officers to rank and file in the provincial corps; this he could however inform the House, that the public paid only for effcClive men, and that as soon as they enlisted, they were put into the provincial regiments, not, info our regular army, and returns were from time to time sent over by Sir Henry Clinton.

General Burgoyne not appearing satisfied with this answer.

Sir George Howard rose, and said, he had that day seen an officer just returned from America, with whom he had a good deal of .conversation relative to the provincial tropps, and the officer hgd told him, that it was Sir Henry Clinton’s wish, to form them into battalions of 530 each.

The order of the day was read, and the House then revived itself into a committee of supply, Mr. Ord in the chair.

The Secretary at War began with stating the amount of the Mr. number of, men, and expence of the army, which had been Jin. agreed to last year, for the service of the year 1780, under the several heads of troops for guaras and garrisons, (in-

duding the* home staff) pay of the fame, army employed in

X 2 plantation

*5$

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780,

plantation service, militia, their cloathing, foreign troops, and their pay; after going through these, the Secretary at W*r laid, that he Ihpuld propose to the committee a confidence reduction, and, a fmali augmentation, so that upon the whole, the expence would be lets to the public than it had been lift year. The reduction he meant was this, to reduce such regiments to fifty-six as were nominally seventy-six, but in which there were not more than fifty-six men; to reduce other regiments to seventy-six which had now no more effective men in them, and to let those only (land at one hundred, in which there now were more than seventy-six; by this j means he proved, that upon the whole, there would be a re-duflion of 10,000 men, and a filing of 103,5211. but with the augmentation that he should propose, which would con- j fill only of two battalions, the reduction would amount to about 8900 men. He proposed that £9,000 and odd men, fie voted foF guards and garrifpns; 63,(560 and odd, for planr tation service; militia 43,000 and odd; and foreign troops, employed by virtue of treaties between his Majesty and the German princes, the same as last year; only, at somewhat an encreased expence, in consequence of a claim having been made this year for the charge of a corps of Hessian chasseurs, formerly employed, but not before paid for. He took notice of the Saratoga business, and produced the laf£ return of the army captured there; by which it appeared, th^t there now j remained about 760 effectives who were prisoners, and that with the sick, those absent on furlough, Sec. &c. there might be in all about 1700. He said, he had taken nos notice of this army in the eflimatcs, because, at present, he thought it \ better not. Every possible endeavour had been used by treaty i to procure their enlargement, but in vain; he was convinced, therefore, that Congress never would give them up under the 1 convention of Saratoga. He also stated, that another faring of expence would arise from the employment of two major generals, in the lieu of two lieutenant generals, and from the laving of a year’s pay, and went very much at large into a deT tail of the various oause$ which governed each alteration, dating that the chief reason for his wishing to have the regular troops reduced, was the great difficulty of recruiting the old regiments, in proportion to the great ease with which the new levies were raised; and this he accounted for by an act now in force, which obliged him to keep up the militia to the great number of 43,000, and by alluding to other mat-

?d by

1789. D E B A T E 8.

ters which flood in the way of the recruiting service for the array. The only augmentation he had to propose, came to him through Lord Amherst; and that was, an augmentation of 500 men to each of the regiments commanded by Colonel Humberfton and Colonel Fullarton, neither of whom were to get any additional rank for raising the men. The intended augmentation of the regiment commanded by the latter, was, he knew, already more than complete. Of the augmentation of the regiment commanded by Colonel Humberfton, he had not yet heard. In the course of his speech, he mentioned the act he had proposed two years ago, and said, it had struck him at the time, that such an act would essentially contribute to the recruiting service of the army; experience had proved, however, that though it operated materially to the benefit of other services, it had not much assisted the army. In conference of that act, the navy got men moreealily, and militia substitutes were to be procured at half their former price, but the army go1 only a few, and those the worst men; he therefore should drop all thoughts of reviving that part of the a which carried in it a compulsion with respect to the army, being now convinced, that no force would aid the recruiting of the old regiments. He lamented that our army in general had decreased so rapidly in the course of the last two years ;. but he accounted foi* it by reminding the House, that the nature of the war had been changed; and it having been thought adviseable to employ a great number of forces in the southern provinces of America (the climate of which was not near so healthy as that of the more northern provinces), and in the West Indies, great numbers had fallen martyrs; but then it was to be considered, that both these measures \yere unavoidably necessary and had proved greatly successful; the last accounts from Georgia and Carolina had been extremely to the credit of his Majesty’s officers and army, and in the West Indies, though France and Spain had sent thither such vast armaments, we had so effectually defended our islands, that our combined enemies had not only not atchieved any enterprise, but had not even attempted any. Nor was the sickness in our armies a misfortuae peculiar to Great Britain; the armies of France and Spain experienced the fame fatality; the Spanifti sickness, indeed, according to all report, raged with a violence scarcely possible to be conceived. After speaking to other matters, he said he would, for form fake, move §rft estimate; but that he should be ready to answer any

PARLIAMLE NTARY, A. 1780.

questions. relative to the estimates on the table, or to give any explartation gentlemen might desire. He then moved " that 39,boo men be employed in the service of Great Britain for thdyear 1781:"

The question having been read by the chairman,

Col. Bam. Colonel Batrc rose and observed, that on his reference to the* estimates of the last year, and the estimates now proposed, he found that they differed extremely; that it appeared, if he had taken down the ^mounts exactly, that instead of a faring. by the present estimates, the pubjie were called upon for more men and more money than had been ^Iked last year. For instance, the efthnates for guards and garrisons presented last year was but 35,000 men, -whereas now almost 5000 more were aik&l.. He was aware that the right honourable gentleman had made his references to the full number voted last year, comprehending as well the amount of the estimates first proposed in the committee of supply, as the augmentations proposed by the right honourable gentleman after Christmas; whereas his account of the number voted last. year w^s taken solely from the estimates, and that he thought the fairest way; because now he supposed the right honpurable gentleman would come to the House on a future day, and ask for an augmentation of some kind or other, and therefore till the extent of* that augmentation was kpown, it was impossible to say whether the number to be voted this year would he more or less than had been voted last year, and the only fair comparison that could be made was, between the estimates of pne year and the estimates of another. He wjshed therefore to know, what the augmentation was likely to be which; was. to be applied for hereafter.

Mr. Jtnkln- Mr. Jenki'nfm, fee ret ary at war, said,the hon. gentleman was /«■• ftridUy founded in supposing that he had formed the account, which he had recited, of the number of men for the army expence, &c. of last year, by uniting the augmentation wito the numbers, &c. first voted by estimate. That in a war,of the nature of !the present, carried on at a vast distance from the capital, it was iippoflible to make an exadf estimate of what could only be known to be necessary, from a knowledge of* events which had not yet reached home. Last year the augmentation was aiked for, in- consequence of the requifi-tions of the commanders abroad, and the plans of his MaT jesty’s ministers; this year the fame matters must govern any similar requisitions which he might have to make.

Tht

A, 17*0. D E? B ' A’ Tr E S, 159

The right honourable T, Townsend said, he saw it was the Rt* Hon* design to injure the regular army* merely to benefit two fa-vourite regiments. He meant not to give any personal offence* and was aware of the danger of talking about these two regiments; but in spite of that danger, in spite of all that had been done, and all that could be threatened, he should perfe-vere in hisduty* and speak his mind freely in that House. He now rose* riot to dwell much upon the two regiments to which he had alluded, but he must take that opportunity to declare* that the manner of recruiting them was scandalous to the last degreey^-any personalmost in any condition was taken—boys too young, and men too old, for the service. Some things he had seen dressed up in regimentals, and called soldiers, who did not weigh as much as their arms and accoutrements. A new mode of levying the recruits was adopted; men were committed to the regiments. The practice was common. In the newspapers of that day there was a story of an ufherto a school, who had robbed the boys of 301. he was taken before a magistrate, examined, and his punishment was, a commitment to one of the new regiments, into which he was compelled to enter. He declared, he had lately had an opportunity of seeing the recruits of one of these regiments, and had gone through their quarters, and the greatest part of the recruits he saw, were London recruits, men to be met with at Charing Cross, men purchased of the common London crimps! The argument therefore, that recruits could not be got for the old regiments, fell to the ground. These recruits that he.had seen, would have entered chearfully into an old regiment, if the levy money for a new one had not been greater; it was therefore the continued new levies, and nothing else, that hurt the recruiting service. Besides, how scandalously injurious was it to the feelings of old officers* to be fending out men as colonels, who had never been in the army before, or who had been in very inferior situations. The last year, a colonel bad gone out to take the superior command of a brave and gallant veteran, under whom the new colonel had formerly served as a matrofs. How hard too had been the fate of Colonel Campbell? Now indeed it might be thought that he should not coiriplain, becaufethat officer had got promotion, but then he had been put over the heads of thirty-nine lieutenant colonels.

The right' lion&urable gentleman in justification of the augmentation of thfc two regimentsrommanded by Colonel Ful-larton and Colonel Humberfton had said, these gentlemen were

to

160 PARLiAMfcNTAllV A; 1786.

to get no new rank. Last year these regiments were raised, for a special service, and on the extraordinary pretence that oldy regiments would not; suit that service so well. What was become of that service now? The regiments were still in England, and to be sure it was a hard fate for Colonel Fullarton to have been in the arnfy a whole year, and to have got no new rank! Colonel Humberfton indeed, for whose private character h^ had the highest respect, had been regularly bred in the army, but he had seen no service. With regard to what the right honourable gentleman had declared, that the rapid decrease of our army was owing to the unhealthy climates, but " that the Spanish flekness was so great that it was not to be conceived," he was a little surprised. He could not say what degree of sickness that might be, which was not to be conceived; but had heard that our own corps, which were carried out raw, and the men in which, when put on board thetransports for embarkation, were not capable of handling their ‘ arms, had been so sickly, that they had not landed at St. Lucie a fortnight, before the whole corps were so bad, they w/re totally unserviceable, died daily, and could not muster four men and a corporal who were well enough to put each of their fellow soldiers in the*ground after death. Mr.ToWnshend imputed great blame to ministers for fending new levies abfoad, and renewed his complaint made the preceding day, that though the regiments we;e estimated at 900 men each, there were not in several, which he had seen in the course of the summer, many more than 3CO.

Th«vW- The Secretary at War answered Mr. Townshend, and said tityttfVar, that 0ffjcc were not to blame, if the recruits were unfit fbt service. That not any regiment had pay, nor any officer his commission before the regiment had been reviewed by a general officer, and a return made by that general officer, that the regiment was complete. That it had frequently happened that on these reviews many of the recruits were refused by the general officer, and the person who raised the regiment obliged to get more men. With regard to the old regiments being preferable to the new levies, he was ready to admit it:

1 nay, he would go still farther; he would own that hft had much rather have one recruit for a regular regiment, than two for a new-raised one; he was aware how preferable, and how much fitter for the service the one was, when compared to the other; the only ground on which the levies struck hin

A« 17?.®' DEBATER

as wtreenfttble, Was, they were much eafiertobe and the neeeffity of the war was prtfling. to the recruits, surely gentlemen did notexpect that as good redruits were to be got now, as jo the beginning of the war; or that as fine men Were to be*seen in a new raised regiment,: as ia Jt iegi-ment of militia; the thing was impra&icahfa. In ipropor-

lion to the continuance of a war, the recruiting service be*? came more and more difficult; our refotirces.of mba were so much the nearer exhaufled, and therefore that necrti its *to be had;now, should not be equal to those had formerly, ewas a natural consequonce, irapoffibk to he avoided,

- General Burgoyne took up the secretary at tvar^ on hw:justi- General fyirtg the preference ;given to new levies over the'told regiments, on the pUa of the necesljty of the war, and argued against the admission of it. He said, among .various other matters, that it was frequent when a general officer>rbviewed a new-raised regiment, for him.to find a deficiency 'df fifty or a hundred men 5 that when thcigeneral officer asked where tfcofe nieii were, the commander of the regkrcnta-cplied,. ftey; •j i were sick, or absent on, furlough, and, undertook ’ to certify ' ‘ x for them* Ib consequence of this practice, regiments were frequently embarked for foreign feodee, one hundred then short of their compliment. The general further saisi, cthaft it was well known to every man in the army, -that "the levies were mere wax, when fen t to unhealthy chin sites; fhttt they Wbre df no service whatever, but melted away immediately. With regard to what biishootoUrable friend nbar him had laid of the.refcruits in those new regiments, tt Was foi&ly ' true, that they were bought up of !the crimp merchants \afc Charing Oots, who tricked all rthey: dealt with, "and kept a pardfcl of gopd~ looking men for bccafional recruits, which thfey ran from one regiment to another, as suited.them, but let them corwinafc in none. He obihxwcd, that.this 'wouId always be the case, Whilst the old regiments were vestri&ed to five pounds levy-money, and the new one ieft to give fix, eight, ten guineas, or what they plea fed.

§ir William Cunyinghqme replied to General Bur^oyne, «ftd s;r mine*

feid, to his knowledge, the g2d regime®* was complete when it embarked, at Plymouth. That it had beCir reviewed by General Stiles, who took nfe certificate, but visited and examined the sick hknfelf. That these were pope of those

Vql. xviii, Y I crimps

16* PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780,

crimps men in it, which the General had described as being run from regiment to regiment. Sir William said, he thought it due to his friend, who commanded the 92d regiment, to say thus much for it in his absence.

Colonel Colonel Barre produced a written account of the state of M*n$, General Clinton’s army in November, 1779, which he declared he believed to be accurate, and called upon ministers to contradict it, if they could. By this return, it appeared, that the General’s army consisted of 32,000 regulars, and

6.000 Provincials, in November 1779—anc* a* there were

79.000 men voted last year for the plantation service, the Colonel contended, that there were 41,000 men to be ao counted for, and that the only place any other part of out army could be looked for, was about 10,000 in Gibraltar and Minorca, and the remainder in Canada and the West In* dies, where he defied ministers to prove, that any thing like the deficiency were employed. He called upon them therer fore to account cither for the men or the money.

The Seen- The Secretary at If or said it was impossible for him to account for the distribution of the array two years back, which was before hp held his present office, but if he remembered right, there were 17,000 men on the establishmept in the West Indies, besides the troops in the East Indies and ia Africa, neither of which places the honourable gentleman had taken the least notice of,

Colonel The Colonel allowed that those two quarters of the globe had

*4 rf* escaped him, and said there was one battalion in Asia, (about

l,QOO) and 213 men ip Africa, He laughed at the idea of

17.000 being employed in the West Indies, and said, if he attempted to impose such a legend on people without doors, he should be ridiculed, allowing however for the fake of argument, that the case were so, where were die remainder }

The Stert- The Secretary at War desired that his not being able to ac-tarjatWar.count, when suddenly called upon, for the distribution of the army two years ago might not be mifipterpreted.

Gen. Smith. The Colonel replied again and General Smith just rose to fqppprt General Burgoyne’s argument' relative to the preference of old regiments when sent on foreign service to new levies. The General supported what he said, by mentioning the manner in which the 74th, 81ft, and another regiment, (with which he had the honour ta serve abroad last war,) were

Ai 178* DEBATES,

were recruited by drafts from the regulars at home, in consequence of which the men were fit for service the instant they lauded.

The motion was at length agreed to, as were the other estimates.

Adjourned to the 27th.

November f;

Mr< Coke rose, and acquainted the House that he Was now about to make the motion of which he had given previous notice; a motion for the thanks of the House to Earl Corn* wallis, for the important services he had done to his country. At the time he had made that motion he did not recoiled the propriety of giving thanks at the same time to General Sir Henry Clinton, for the signal services performed by him to this nation. Ht now wished to comprehend him in the vote of thanks which he moved, and which he hoped would paf9 unanimously.

The first thing he had done, after he received the command of the army was, to march the troops from Philadelphia to New-York; a retreat which was universally allowed to be the finest thing performed, during the present w^r, before that period; and if there had been any precedent for thanking a General for even an able retreat. Sir Henry Clinton was, doubtless, entitled, and certainly would have received, the thanks of the House upon that occasion. There were particular circumstances, v which made it ineligible to offer the thanks of the House to Sir Henry Clinton, on the reduction of Charles-Town« Those circurastances Mr. Coke did not specify, but whatever they were, it was apparent, that, in his opinion, they no longer existed. Gentlemen on every fide of the House bore teitimony to the excellent conduct and gallant bravery of Lord Cornwallis; nor would it be denied, he presumed, that the fame qualities were possessed in an eminent degree by Sir Henry Clinton. It would have a bad effect to vote the thanks of the House to one of those gentlemen, and not the other. The thanks of the House were deserved by both; but while gentlemen allowed the great qualities and virtues of those officers, fotne disapproved the caofe in which they were exerted. An honourable gentleman, whom he did not fee in his place, had avowed mixed fentiipents of this kind; but that honourable gentleman, of approved courage hirafelf, kn$w how to value

Y 2 that

I6j

r* Ctke,

164

Lord Lt‘ xuijbum.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

that noble virtue in others, and ht still hoped that? he wonkF not, if present, oppol'e his motion. For His own part, he had been one of those who lamented the commencement of the America^ war, and disapproved many of the measures adopted in its prosecution. But the origin of the present war> he kept entirely out of view in the present questiion. America was now the ally of France; the confederate of the House of Bourbon. He did1 not lay that the war against America was not big with many calamities to Great Britain, he apprehended that it would even be the ruin of this country; that is, that it would irapoxerish this country extremely : but {till he saw no medium between unconditional £ub* million to the enemy, and the moll spiriled exertions.

He had not, in the motion he was now to lay before the House, said any thing coocernipg the justice or policy of the American war, hoping thereby to gain that unanimity, without which a motion of thanks, though carried, loft mock' of its value. If the motion he was now to make should be the obje£l of debate and altercation, he did not much care whe- -ther it should be carried or not. He then made a motion, " That the thanks of this House lie given to General Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the Bath, for the important services rendered by him and the troops under his command, in the reduction of Charles-Town, and that the thanks of the House be given to Eail Cornwallis, for the signal and meri- torious services he had done to his country, by the most glorious victory obtained by. him over the American rebels at Camden; and that the Speaker do report the same to the general officers .who are the objects of them."

Lord Ltivi/bamrole to second the motion. Ho embraced

with joy an opportunity of expressing his high regard to the character* of the two gneral officers, whose names had been mentioned with due retpeft by the honourable gentleman who spoke last. Although we were not yet blessed with that unanimity which was necessary so to swell the fails of the veflcF of state, as to waft us safely over that tempestuous ocean of troubles in which we were at present involved, yet he saw with joy the dawnings of an unanimity; he saw a speciei of unanimity, which was no small l'ource of coofolation. Every body seemed satisfied that there was a necessity of humbling the power of F ranee and Spain*

Although

A. *780. DEBATES.

Although, be -was unwilling to place any reliance on the contingencies of fortune, and would not be so confident as to say, that there were in the womb of tune events favourable to Great Britain, yet he contended, that it was not bqing too sanguine to hope, that the jealousies which had already begun to take place between the Americans and their allies on Rhode Island, would every day encrease. Though there waa < not an immediate prospect of detaching any of the powers ' from the confederacy against us, he did not despair of its being efte&ed in time,---- In the mean time it behoved us to

aft with alacrity and vigour. The marine of France must be destroyed if we would hope for a safe, a lading, and an .* honourable peace. No promises, no conventions with that nation could be. relied on, while their navy was entire. France had become formidable to her neighbours, through treacherouily seizing advantages over the unsuspicious, and therefore unprepared, nations around her. Great Britain had eyer proceeded on the broad hafis of public faith and national credit, and on that foundation he trusted (he would (till' stand. He said there would he great cruelty and impolicy in abandoning our friends in America to the,mercy of their enemies; our friends in that case would become our bittercft enemies, and the Americans united as the subjects of one mighty empire, and pouring forth their ships of war from a thousand ports, would cut up our trade by the roots* and dripping us of all our foreign dependencies, finally reduce us to this spot of the globe, the island within which we arc > confined by nature, if we dare not with freedom to traverse the ocean. The constitutional dependence of America on. Great Britain he thought necessary to the happiness, safety, and prosperity of both countries. He returned to the necessity of ruining the marine of France. If you wish.to maintain the glory and independency of England, destroy the marine of Franee. If you wish to preserve the balance of political. power in Europe, destroy the marine of France^ If you wish to preserve the liberties and rights of mankind, destroy the marine of France.

Let this language be repeated, and re-echoed from one corner of Great Britain unto another, until all hearts and bands shall be united against the common enemy. As the Americans are now to be considered as the allies of France,

and

t*6 PARLIAMENTARY A*

and the one cannot be separated from the other, every victory gained over either of these powers is matter of joy* and aa advantage to this country; therefore he ieconded the motion now before the House.

Rt. Hon. R t* Hon. T. Tvwnjbendtxpatiated on the merit of Earl Corn-

T. Town* wailis, of whose merit, he was proud to say, he was not in* ^enim deed an impartial judge. But officers, both French and English, had spoke to him and wrote to him* with rapture, concerning the singular merit of that noble commander. His good conduit, and great‘bravery, certainly merited every xtoark of attention and respect. On that footing, he would give the motion his hearty concurrence; provided always, that it should not be understood, that he, by this support, gave any countenance to the American war. The honour* able gentleman, who had made the motion, had earnestly wished that it might be carried with unanimity. There were a few phrases, certain epithets, in the motion, that might tend, he was apprehensive, to frustrate his wishes. They would occur to the honourable gentleman himself, and his end would be better served, by altering them himself, than that they should be struck out by way of amendment. Lotd North. Lord North applauded the excellent conduct and great bravery both of Sir Henry Clinton and Lord Cornwallis, whose services, he said, were meritorious in the highest degree, and important to this country. Nevertheless, as he would not on this occassion bring into view either the origin or the object of the American war, he was willing for his part that any words that might seem to have an ambiguous meaning, should be left out of the motion. He did not doubt but the honourable gentleman who had made the motion, for the fake of unanimity, would readily comply with this desire. The Words rebels and important, being

left out, the motion, in his lordship’s opinion, might be thought unexceptionable.

Lord Sum- Lord Beauchamp said, that the condu£t of the House this night would draw the attention of the world; and earnestly entreated gentlemen in every part of the House as much as possible to study unanimity.

MtiCoke. Mr. Coke, after explaining his meaning in the parts of the motion which were supposed to be objectionable, consented to the amendments hinted generally by Mr. Townshend, and particularly by Lord North.

Mr.

le

A.i 780. DEBATES.

Mr. Wilkes. Mr. Speaker, I rife to express my hope, that the honourable gentleman, who made this motion, will content to its being withdrawn, because I think it is imppffible that the united efforts of the noble Lord in the blue ribband, and the several gentlemen, who have attempted it, should succeed to render it palatable to both Tides of the House, and he has declared, that be had rather it be

withdraw*, than meet a single. I think it, Sir, my

duty to oppose this motion, as originally intended, of which the notice was given, respecting oply Lord Cornwallis, and all the subsequent amendments, because in my idea every part of it conveys an approbation of the American war; a war unfounded in principle, and fatal in its consequences tq this country. I condemned it at the beginning, and have regularly opposed its progress in every itage, both in and out of parliament. The eminent and very important services to his Majesty and this country, mentioned in the motion, I en-

tirely disapprove, and consequently shall withhold the poor pittance of my thanks and gratitude, where I do not think them merited, in a war of glaring injustice and wretched po* liey. I do not mean, Sir, to derogate from the high heroic courage, and superior military virtues, of Lord Cornwallis*

I admire the splendor and brilliancy of those qualities, which dazzle in my countryman as they did in Julius C&far, and I equally lament that they are called forth to aQioq in the fame bad and miikhievous cause, the attempt to overturn the liberties of his country. The Roman too poiTqifed, as the honourable gentleman fays of Lord Cornwallis, nice and delicate sentiments of honour and valou. He was certainly an ac-

complished gentleman, perhaps the moil accomplished of any in the history of mankind; but he carried on a wicked war against the constitution of the free country in which he was horn, and therefore under the strongest obligation to support. In the fame light I consider the war n^w carrying on against our brethren in North America; and if an arbitrary, but incapable, administration had succeeded in the plan of dragooning the colonists into unconditional, I believe that the

liberties of England would not long have survived those of

Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer* and member for Banbury.

America,

■,trukiu

PAULI AMENT ARY A. 1780,

■ America, and the vital principle of freedom, which novy .pervades and animates this island, except perhaps a few clans -very far north, must have been extinguished. Every friend $>f the constitution law early in the Support of the American cause a vindication of the rights of Englishmen againstaaoid exploded usurpation of the Stuarts, revived under the third prince of the Mouse of Brunswick.

Sir, I hope to be forgi ven, if I repeat at the beginning of ihis new Parliament the fendments, which I more than once Submitted to the last, and even in the hr ft session of 1774. I am still convinced that the war with America originated jin tyranny and usurpation, in the unjust attempt of taking <money from the fubgedtof the colonies without his concurrence, in levying takes on the people there a^ainst their con-ifeat. This has ever been the favourite piaxun of deipoufm.

injoppofuion to this illegal claim (he immortal Hamden -feed his blood. Such an attempt against the fundamental rights of the people fully warranted our virtuous and free jfcncfcftofs to begin the civil war, which brought the-tyrant JChatrles to the icaffold. The American cause, therefore, I jtteoa the primary cause of this destructive oivil war, is \ht .eafUfeof every Englishmen, who vakes ourexceUent-coasti-itution; a confutation for Several years ia a decline, which fiat of ,l»te tfleeived m^ny ftnbs in its vital parts. ThU right die people* to withhold or grant their own money, this S>0VYOfc of the purfb, which includes that of the Sword, alone fjf-rrttreathe e*istence of Parliament, our annual meeting within ■schde watts.. This marks the difference between the limited j&enaroh of our island, in a mixed government, and the <#fl*nndefpot* px fhsnarbitrary Sovereigns of Franee and •Spoilt* We then jn a particular -manner, with a singular propriety, ought to stand forth the guardians of this right to all the subjejfts of tins state.

The Sentiments, Sir, on the rights of our brethren in the .colonies, which I have now the honour of delivering here, -I imbibed from Lord Cornwallis, who enforced them with -great energy a few years ago in another House of Padia> rinent. His Lordship, in a Solemn argument in the House of - Peers, in conjunction with four other respectab'e chata&ers*,

The EarlsTankerville, Cornwallis, andiShelburae,VifcoimtTor-jington, and Lord Capden.

ftrcnuously

A. 1780.

DEBATES.

strenuously denied any right we had to tax the Americans, while they continued unrcprefcnted in the British senate. It was in the debate on the motion for the commitment of the declaratory aft. His Lord ship’s opinion like wife of the wisdom of the measure, after condemning the theory, may be gathered from his words in his examination before this House in May 1779 : I never saw a fir anger, or one better cal-

culated for the defenjive. Mr. Pitt, in this House, with a‘ boldness of imagery, and glow of colouring, which his elo-r quence always gave, did justice to the distinguished patrio-tism of the band of the five illujlrious, as he named the small number of peers who on occasion of the opposition to the declaratory aft approved themselves the friends of freedom. He did not foresee the (laughter of our fellow-subjects in the fame cause by one of that band of illujlrious heroes at the glorious vifloryat Camden.If there is any change of sentiment

on this important question in his Lordship’s mind, we have no parliamentary evidence, on which it can be founded. It can only be surmised from his Lordship’s eagerly soliciting 3. command against the Americans at the first breaking out of war, which originated from the unworthy purposes of passion and party, and since endeavouring by lire and sword to enforce a taxation of the colonies^ although as a member of the legislatWe body he formerly did not hditate to pronounce it equally impolitic and iniquitous. If arguments of great and irrefidible weight have been urged for lo total and wonderful a change, they are carefully concealed. The motives of conviction, or rather of this miraculous conversion, are ealier guessed than with delicacy explained. As a Peer, his Lordship supports American freedom, and votes against an ignominious badge of bondage on the colonists; as an officer, the fame Earl solicits a command in America to enforce that ih-justice of which he complains, and is active to rivet the chains of slavery on the free* born inhabitants of the new world, and' the defendants of Eriglifhroen.—In such a cause I will not give thanks to genius and courage united, but ill directed, prod active of no good, but infinite mischief,—I will never fail, Sir, to express my concern and anguish, when I fee great military talents thus triumph over the superior civil virtues of the citizen, when I observe mere lawlcfs force and violence receive the aid of valour and distinguished ability to overturn a fabric of freedom and justice, cemented by the heft bkx#l of our ancestors. Such military glory is purchased too dear.w Jt is a kind of wretched anti-uvic crown, which jnuft dif-•Vol. XVIII, g gra*

170

i

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780

grace the fang tunary brow of every unfeeling, unprincipled conqueror. A good man will indignant turn his eyes from laurels and palms of victory stained with the blood of defenring fellow subjects. sacrificed to sordid views, to the luff of power, to the rage of a tyrannical administration. Thd palm, of consistency, at lead, the honourable gentleman who made the motion will at all events scarcely think of offering to Lord Cornwallis* That wi|l be worn, and I hope long, with the applause of his grateful country, by another J noble*. Earl, who rose superior to the false glory to be acquired from his ptofession, when called upon in an unjoftinable cause, and honourably preferred the line of duty to his country and its constitution, to the fame and renown of military atchiev-ments, which his natural ardour panted after. Lord Cornwallis, Sir Henry Clinton,' and Admiral Arbuthnot, I will not consent to thank, for I confide them at having drawn their swords against their innocent American fellow-subje&9, and without provocation bathed them irt their blood.

The noble § Lord who spoke lad, fays, that our thanks would come with great propriety to Lord Cornwallis, and the other two officers, because the thanks of this House were voted on the taking of Quebec, and the late fncce&of the gallant Rodney. Does not the noble Lord observe a striking difference in the* three cases ? The surrender of Quebec was, perhaps, the mod important and brilliant triumph over Franee of all the splendid vidiocies of the lad glorious war. It was the conqued of the capital of the perfidious Gaul in the new world. Sir George Rodney’s late defeat and Capture of the Spanish men of war at that critical moment merited the wanned thanks, and mod edeemed rewards of this country. In both cases we were dedroyirng the overgrown power of the House of Bourbon, the inveterate, avowed enemy of this nation* I think with Hannibal, boflem feriet mibt erit Gartljogutien/iS' I hold that man to be the bed Englishmen whose efforts shall be the bolded, the mod spiriced and fuc-ccfsfnl against France and Spain, especially against their naval power, which by the criminal negligence of our miiuder9 has rifeu to such an alarming greatness. 1 will from my heart thank that man. I will vote tp decree him every honour of

X The Earl of Effingham.

§ Lord Beauchamp, member for Orford, coflferer of his Majesty’s houfhokl.

the

A. 1780. D £ B A T E §«

the senate and people. On the House of Bourbon should wc call down all the thunder of the war. We ought, Sir, to bSufh at the cruel ravaging and desolation of the country, and the merciless /laughter of the inhabitants of our colonies, in a foolish, angry quarrel, carefully fomented at last to a bloody war, raised on a bdfeless fabr which perhaps in the end may scarcely leave a wreck, Our generals and admirals have already totally ruined some of the moil flourishing parts of this convulsea empire, and destroyed numberkfs industrious brave fellow-subjects, equally intitled with themselves to the protection of the laws, and executive power. Are these, Sir, the eminent and very important services to his Majesty and this country, for which the honourable gentleman flattered himself with obtaining for our commanders the unanimous thanks of this House, of the representatives of the people of England

It has been said, Sir, by the honourable gentleman who made this motion, that the Americans are now actually leagued with France and Spain against this country. I do not doubt the exigence of a triple league between America, Spain and France, but I know the provocation, and I have good reason to believe the alliance is only defensive and temporary. I do not allude to commercial treaties. France and Spain now appear to the world as auxiliaries to the United States of North America. The first alliance wTith France was made with great reluctance by America on the spur of the present necessity. It was not thought of until in our domestic quarrel we called in foreign forces to cut their throats, until the mercenary German, or rather'Cappadocian, princes, fold their subjects, like cattle, to an administration expert in every species of bribery and ruinous contrail, until long after our negociation for Ruffian troops to be lent to North America had been reje&ed in terms of contempt and horror. The late union between America and France is so unnatural, that I am satisfied, whenever you offer, with flncerity and cordiality, honourable terms, accompanied with the security America will expeff, it will be dissolved. Your conduil hitherto has drawn closer every tic between them. If you improve the late moil glorious victory at Camden, to bring about this necessary peace with America, then will be the moment to rejoice, to join in thanksgiving for the salvation of Great Britain as well as America.

Sir, I will not thank for victories, which only tend to pro-trad a destructive war. I should rather have said for tome

Z 2 tranluory.

PARLIAMENTARY A* 178*

trftnfitory, delusive gleams of success in this unjoft, and providentially unfortunate American conttft, this helium fine hoftey as tuch a state of arms was defined by the ancients. Not a tingle Frenchman or Spaniard in arms against us fell at this mod glorious viXory at Camden, but Roman* mifeent acies. Is it probable that this most glorious viXory will lead to an honourable peace ? If it does not, but is the cause of continuing the war, I shall deem it a public calamity. Peace, peace with America, only can save this sinking date, dnd give us permanent prosperity. We are already nearly exhausted,. yet continue bleeding at every vein. Peace Ought to be had on almost any terms, for from the estimates on our table the expence of this war, continued a few years longer, will bankrupt this nation, the population, commerce, and navigation of which are visibly decreasing. I consider peace as of absolute necessity for ourselves, for the internal state and independence of our own island, in the present crisis of horror and almost despair. I would subscribe to almost any conditions to obtain it, because I believe the North-Americans would then readily quit an unnatural alliance, into which they have been driven by our more unnatural conduct. Necessity brought forward the new idea, formed, signed, and has hitherto observed that strange treaty. America, detached from her present connexions, and in a real union of interests and strength with Great Britain, is more than a match for the confederate House of Bourbon. In such a situation the Family CompaX would not dare to be avowed. The last war gives us the proof in point. We had tliert an able and enterprizing minister, in full possession of the most aXive genius and vigour of mind, seconded by the whole strength of the British nation and America. What is our present profpex ? America is at this moment thrown into the scale of the House of Bourbon. Must it not then weigh us down ? It furelv, Sir, becomes roinifters to lay aside all passions and prejudices, and endeavour to heal this unhappy breach between two powerful friends, when every concession to America, either as a subjex or an ally, may win her to us, restore the balance of power in our favour, and compensate the loss of all our other allies.

The independence. Sir, of the colonies has been frequently mentioned in this debate, btit with a positive declaration that it is a point never to be conceded. Whether it is granted, or not, by a British Parliament, jurey seems to me of I little moment and avail. It is merely an amusing, curious J

therae

A. 1780* DEBATES.

theme of speculation among a fct of idle, listless, loitering, lounging, ill-informed gentlemen at Westminster,*who remark the disorders of the state, to combat which they pofl'efs not vigour of mind or virtue. A country, much larger than our European empire, which we (till love to call our colonies, does, and will, possess it de facto, notwithstanding all the present delusive assurances of ministers within these walls, notwithstanding the late exploits of a Cornwallis and Clinton, notwithstanding all the former repeated victories of Gage and the Howes. It is in this island only that persons are found, who doubt that the present war will end in the acknowledging of American independence.

The history of this war warrants me, Sir, in the suspicion that all these ooafted succesles do not tend, to any real emolument to our country, to bring nearer the wished-for moment of a re-union, ana sincere reconciliation with our alienated brethren in the colonies. After the evacuation of Boston, Rhode-Island, and Philadelphia, for the acquisition of which, no thanks, I believe, were given by this House, a small degree of sagacity might lead any man to suspect that the reduction of Charles-Town, by the army and navy under the command of Sir Henry Clinton and Vice Admiral Ar-buthnot, and the late most glorious victory obtained by Lord Cornwallis at Camden, will in due time be followed by the evacuation of Charles-Town, and the two Carolinas. A future Gazette will probably announce it, to fereen the generals, in the fame terms as with respect to Philadelphia, and with as much cold indifference as any play or farce at either of our theatres, by his Majesty’s command.

Sir, I can never separate in my mind the rotten foundation on which the whole system of the American war is built, from some specious parts of it, by which the unthinking are at the first view allured and dazzled. As I reprobate the want of principle in its origin, I the more lament all the spirited exertions of valour, and the wisdom of condufl, which in a good cause I should warmly applaud. Thinking as I do, I fee more matter of grief than of triumph, of bewailing than thanksgiving, in this civil contest, and the deluge of blood which has overflowed America. Would to God, Sir, we could leave persecuting, even to death, those of our own blood, who only desired to be received as friends and fellow subjects, to share our fortunes, to fight our battles, as before, by our fide, and to enjoy at home peace,. liberty, and fafetv. Public thanks from this House on the

present

m

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

present occasion will only widen the breach, and demonstrate how far we are behind other nations in the knowledge of true policy. The wisest and most polished nations of antiquity drew a thick, dark veil over the horror of civil commotum and bloodshed. I will admit for a moment, merely for the argument, that all which has been urged by the noble Lord in the blue ribband, and the gentlemen on the other fide of the House, is well founded, that the American war originated in justice and policy, and that the Colonies have rebelled, still I object to every motion like the present, because I 1 v wish to hide the nation’s fear, and to forget all deeds of valour, not against the common enemy, but our ftUow-ftb-jelts, whom I desire toi* ave and conciliate. The Rqmans, undoubtedly the first people in the universe, granted no triumphs for the victories of their generals in civil wars. They wished not to record and perpetuate, but to conceal and de-tliver to oblivion, the memory of Romans falling by tfcu swords of Romans. They thought it the direct effect of the vengeance of the incensed gods. That example of enlightened polity will, I trust, be adopted by the honourable gentleman, who made the motion. 1 am fare that no man feels more than he does for the present calamities of both countries in this cruel,' civil contest. I know the humanity and tenderness of his nature, and thought it rather sing that he should chule to bring himself into the unpleaiing, awkwark 1 fit nation of Burrus in Tacitus, et moerens Burrus et laudanu \ Such a conflict of different paifions is highly distressing. I will endeavour to extricate him by the most earnest Application that he would withdraw a motion, from every part of which I find it my duty to dissent, while J deeply lament that the lustre of such splendid victories is obfeured and darkened by the want of a good cause, without which no war, in the eye of truth and reason, before God or man, can be justified.

LordNonb. Lord North regretted that He found himself obliged to deviate somewhat from his intentions, to say nothing concerning the justice or policy of the American war. The honourable gentleman over the way, had attempted to fully laurels which nc had hoped would be above the power of detraction. Lord Cornwallis was fighting, and fighting not against, but for his country. Nor had his conduit been in agy degree 1 inconsistent. He had protested against carrying on coer- ! cive measures against America, a9 long as he conceived the, Americans injured by such measures. But as soon as Great 1

Britain

A. 1780*

DEBATES*

Britain gave up the point.of taxation, and riiade other liberal concessions, it was consistent in Lord Cornwallis to draw his sword against those whom justice, and more than justice would not satisfy, and Who had leagued themselves with the

inveterate enemies of this Country.

He said, he mult remind the honourable gentleman of the po^ litical fentitnents, on this subject of the Earl of Chatham, who. would have been moved With the grdateft indignation at the idea of giving up the dependency of America on this country* although he was not a friend to American taxation. He observed that Earl Cornwallis was not a soldier of fortune, or tinder any temptation to seek in war the advancement of his interest. He had left the comforts of a liberal fortune to rtfque his life, and undergo many toils in war, to serve his country, and perhaps to a view of personal reputation; but a reputation well defefved, being founded on lervkes of the greatest importance to his country. He hoped that the honourable gentleman would be the only man in the House who would oppose the motion.

Mr. Wilkesdefired it to be understood, that he had never Mr.

said Lord Cornwallis was it soldier of fortune 5 he had only said, that after professions of a contrary disposition, he had drawn his sword against the liberties of his countrymen.

Sir Charles Bunbury said t that tire honourable gentle- Sir

man who had made the motion had wished ardently for una-nirnity. He wished that the motion had been conceived in other terms. Earl Cornwallis might be thanked for doing his duty as an officer, without any motion being made of the cause in which his abilities were exerted, in the same manner that an artisan might be applauded for performing his part well, though the defigri of the archtteft, of which his work formed a part, might be condemned. Why was not Sir Henry Clinton thanked immediately after the redu&iom of Gbartes-ToWn ? It did not seem a great mark of respect to that general officer, to defer a vote of thanks to him, until he was oecafiooally taken into the lift of meritorious officers,. when- thanks Were moved to others.

Lord Beauchamp moved that, by way of amendment to the l©j4 b<*u» motion, the thanks of the House should be given to Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, at the lartne time that they should be give* to Sir Henry Clinton. The admiral had contributed his share towards that conquest, and there were precedents, nay, it was customary to thank the admiral as well as the general, when any fucctfr was owing to the joint operation

z

of

176 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

of both army and fleet, as in the case of the reduction of Quebec in the last war. rjtfrfb Sir Joseph Afawbey. Mr. Speaker, I was not in the House when the honourable gentleman made his motion for thanks to Sir Henry Clinton, and the Earl Cornwallis, which I am persuaded originated with him from thepureft motives. The noble Lord in the blue ribband, and an honourable gentle* man near me, has talked much of the glory and importance of the victory at Camden; if, in any thing I shall say on the subject, I should be thought to depreciate and deny that glory and that importance, I hope no gentleman will believe I have any ill will to the noble Lord, for whose character and abilities I have the highest respedh

I think the thanks of the House should never be given but on occasions the most important; when a vidbory has been obtained, which has been followed by consequences the most considerable and beneficial; they willlofe their value when given on light and trivial occasions. The victory of Camden, in my poor opinion, is deserving of no particular attention from this House; and I verily believe, the noble Lord himself would not wish to have the thanks of Parliament for such a victory. When some honourable friends of mine lately moved the thanks of this House to our late Spca-’ ker. Sir Fletcher Norton, I did not vote, because they appeared to me to be unprecedented and improper. Can any man believe, that thanks, as in that case, opposed by moic than two-fifths of the House, refledb any honour on that gentleman; so far from it, that I am persuaded, that he him-lelf must wish that question had never been agitated. The thanks of Parliament should come with unanimity to be valuable. I think with the Poet, that

Jurt in disguise. It is impossible the present motion should. meet with general concurrence.- I

If we believe th&jAmerican account of the battle of Cam-j den, their left wing and centre, composed of militia, ram away at the very first fire, and only a few regular continent tnl troops opposed for a short time the whole British army. ..A victory over troops who did not fight, is not of a fort to call for the thanks of Parliament. That at 'Bunker’s-Hill was a most gallant business, because it was obtained over troops who made a brave resistance, and who were driven from their various intrenchments, one after the other, with great daughter. The victory at Camden is not marked by aay material confluences. Lord Cornwallis himself sass

At 17804 - G E S A T E 8

the enemy were upwards of 5030 in number, and he make* the killed and prisoners not quite 2000; so that 3000 men escaped, dispersed, and scattered indeed, but which id all probability at this, time compcfe an army, with considerable re-in forcemeats, sufficient, under General Gates, to drive Lord Cornwallis back towards Charles-Town. If the victory at Camden only affords ministers a pretext for another year’s continuance of this unfortunate war, begun in folly and wickedness, and conducted on their part by incapacity, negligence, or treachery, I shall consider it as a serious calamity : in my poor opinion no victory can be important, that is not decisive in America. Whatever procrafttnates a war, which I verily believe must end in the allowance of Ametican independency, mutt in itself be a serious evil.

From the moment an account arrived of this battle, the ministerial writers were busily employed in fabricating extracts of letters from Bolton, New-York, and Philadelphia, written all in London, painting dilcord among the Americans, and insinuating defection, which never existed but in their own imaginations; by such means the deluded people of this country are to be reconciled to the further prosecut ion of this calamitous and unfortunate war.

- There was a time when ministers might have ended this Unfortunate war with credit* The Americans wanted only to be put in the situation they were in before the year 1763* But unconditional submission was then the cry, and Governor Penn’s petition was reie&ed with contempt. Commissioners, when it was too late, were font out, offering forms left advantageous for this country: but it was impossible the Americans could confide in any alfuranees given by the fame ministers, from whom all their calamities originated, more especially after the breach of assurances contained in Lord Hillsborough’s famous letter.

• I have uniformly opposed the Americaii war, and all the steps that led to it, from principle. 1 thought it unjust in its commencement, and I object to it now on the ground of inexpediency. Is there a man, that will gravely, and with ail unembarraiTed face, aftert in this afTcmbly, that he thinks we can conquer America, assisted as she now is, by France and Spain? Will either Of the noble Lords over the way aftert it ? Will Lord Cornwallis come to this House, after his arrival in England, and aftfert it?—I have too good an opinion of the good sense, and honour of the noble Lord, to believp that he will General Grey told us a contrary story; and anhotlourable Vol, XVIII. A a gen-

PARLIAMENTARY A. ifto.

gintlerhin [Sir Jihn WrottefleyJ k member of our o#n, told u$, after ferying vtoo campaigns iri America, that it was ini-poffibfe for this country to subdue that, even though the so or 36,ocb Rriffiarts that were talked of, had been teni to afliffc us: and he ha§, though chririe&ed with the heads of adim-nfftfation, vdted ever lince, very much to his honour, against the continuance of the American war. Why do We carry on the war without any hopes of succes$? The people of this country are oppretted by the decline of trade, and the endr-lriolis taxes lain upon them, Every year wilt idd to those distretTes'.—The people feel and mtirmur. The noble Lrifd in the blue ribband teems infenfibte of their sufferings. I khow there Is a general difedhtent: if the Wiar continues much longer, national bankruptcy wilt fake ptafc£, and the ' cdhfeqUthcfeS ttiuft be terioutly alarming.

If ambition, if avarice, prompt the noble Lords over the wly to continue in office, would to God that ambition and avatite could be gratified without their ‘country* fuln! Let them have tinecure places and reversions for themselves, their wives, and all their Children. Let the croWh give them new hohours, red ribbands, blue, or green. Let them be allured of thisbishoprick, and that auditorship, provided we can gCt rid of them as statefmeit. Let them have any thing, let them be any thing, father than in a fitiiation to cbtnplete the riiin of their country 1

Thfe honourable gentleriian who fr.oved the motion of thanks has said. that he drew it originally in the precise terms used in thanking the Duke of Cumberland in 1746. Does he then liken the battle of Camden to the Duke’s victory over the Scotch rebels at Culloden ? There never were two actions more dissimilar : the one extinguished a rebellion, the object of which was to overturn the constitution and religion of this country, and to divest the House of Hanover tit the throne; the other was in consequence of a war begun In imoftice, and the battle hasbCen productive of no material effects.

Let me inform the honourable gentleman* that censure on the undeserving, is as necessary as thanks to the meritorious, for the promotion of military discipline, and honourable at-chivement; and, I hope, he will proceed to enquire into demerit, wherever it may be found in the service.

Report fays. We are speedily to have among us Sir Hugh. Rallii'er, who has been convicted by one court martial of bringing a malicious and ill-founded charge against his commanding

*79

A. *7?®* P E BATES.

manding officer, and has ^pep found guilty of t^gleft of

duty by. another*

[Here a cry of Order ran through the House; and the spe^-ker said, that Sir Hugh Palliser was not yet a member of t^e House, and therefore he hoped Sir Joseph would not briqg his name into debate irregularly*]

Sir Joseph resumed, and said, 1 am obliged to you. Sir, for yourx caution and advice. I have said nothing of that gentleman I will not say to his face : I have no prejudice against him, but what has arisen from the faCls Hated and proved in the printed trials, which every gentleman may have in his power to peruse* But, Sir, he has neglected his duty, and has brought a malicious and ill-founded charge against his commanding officer \ notwithstanding which, he has lately been promoted to the government of Grpenjyich bjo-spital, a place to which he could have had no pretensions front rank and Banding in the service, if his conduct had not been exceptionable, as I think it.

I shall probably be told, thft the court-martial, in affixing on his accusation the epithets malicious exceed-

ed their jorifdiction, and that lie was acquitted by the other court-martial. The latter, indeed, acquited him, but neither pnanimously nor honourably, after finding him guilty of ne-glcCl: the other court-martial did not exceed the ulage and practice in like cates, which is the law of courts martial. In the year 1757, or 1758, Sir Thomas Frankland, then jit Antigua, brought a charge against Sir Thomas Pye.

[Here the speaker called Sir Joseph to order, as deviating front the question. Mr. Fox supported Sir Joseph, arid shewed clearly that nothing could be more orderly than jto talk of the delinquency of one Admiral, when the quefliqn related to the thanking of another. Mr. K igby supported the (peaker, and called Sir Joseph* s a dull narrative; which expresston immediately called up Mr. Townshend, vvhp, <with grejtf waimth and eloquence, attacked Mr. Rigby for his ungentleman-like and illiberal reflection. After the ipcakjer and Mr. Rigby had again spoken, Sir Joseph Mawbey proceeded.]

I am inclined. Sir, to doubt at least of my being right, .when you tell me I am wrong; and though it would not be difficult to go on in a way perfectly confident with order, I shall not proceed, as I find it ion able to one part of the

House* As to the honourable gentleman’s charge of dulln^fs. k becomes not me to say much on that subjectI know how

A a 2 ' little

i«0 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

little qualified I am1 to entertain, but I (peak from principle and genuine opinion. The honourable gentleman possesses, in a superior degree, the faculties necessary to afford entertainment 5 and though I am seldom convinced, I am pleased by his orations, which are always lively and diverting. I oppose the motion of thanks for the reasong I have before Hated; and more particularly because I think General Pr?-vofl, Admiral Barrington, and others, equally entitled to them for their military conduct. You will call a stigma on those officers, if the thanks of this House be not given to them; perhaps at this late hour it were better to give none, and therefore I hope the honourable gentleman will withdraw his motion.

Mr. R/fijp. Mr. Rigby thanked the Speaker for the polite manner in which he had conveyed his censure. Henceforward, he said, there will no such thing to be heard of as dull-ness' in the House of Commons. Dullness had taken her flight for ever from this House, and on a very Angular occasion. He was going on in this firain, when Sir Jofejih Mawbey seemed inclined to rife again to speak. But 1 am afraid, said Mr. Rigby, that I am growing dull, 1 will therefore fit down, until the House resumes its brilliancy.

Mr. Sheri- Mr. Sheridan observed, that Mr. Coke had expressed an earned desire that this motion might pass unanirpouily, though he knew that there were in that House different descriptiops of men, who could not assent to a vote that seemed to imply a recognition or approbation of the American war. If so many were to be included in this vote of thanks, wljy exclude any who had an equal title to the applause of the House, with those particularized in the motion ? Why not thank General Prevoft, for example, for his victory over the enemy at Savannah ? A victory that had laid the foundation of the success at Charles-Town, which led the way to that at Camden

He hoped that a motion would not be objected to, to thank (General PreVoft, that the victory gained by him was g victory only over the French. Mr. Sheridan asked farther, why the thanks of the House had not been voted to Sir Henry Clinton, immediately on the arrival of the fuepefs at Charles-Town ? ^nd what mull be the feelings of that general officer, when he reflected that the thanks of th’fe House were voted to him only iqf consequence of a resolution to thank Earl Cornwallis

' 4 Mr,1

s9(

A. 1780. ' DEBATES.

Mr. Sheridan apologized to Mr. Rigbyfor hot answering some things that had fallen from him, in the fame ludicrous drain, in which he chose to view every thing, except what related immediately to his own interest. In his own opinion there were some things too serious for ridicule, and the question before them, if ever any question did, merited a serious and grave discussion. He acknowledged the honourable gentleman had a fund of drollery and humour, but he liked his ingenuity, his humour, and his counsels, better than his political arguments.

Mr. Courtenayc thought that gentlemen on the other fide of Mr. U»rt+ the House might vote thanks to the gallant officers proposed as objects of their gratitude and praise, without any scruple arising from any opinion concerning the justness or expediency of the American war, when they considered that it was of importance to thi6 country to maintain and even promote the honour of the British name.

. When they considered that Lord Cornwallis had saved the lives of a whole army, ready to be (wallowed up by so numerous a foe, by the wisdom of his dispoiitions, as well as the generous ardour which his noble example inspired into the troops: if among the Romans, he was rewarded with a civic Crown who saved the life of a single citizen, how much more does he deserve a tribute of praise who saves the lives of thou-sands! Besides, the Americans were the allies of France, arid every wound that was given to America affected the House of Bourbon.

He had not now respect to the origin of the war, but to the present date of it. He considered not what had been, but what in reality was, and what was likely to be. He compared those politicians, who were perpetually murmuring about the beginning of the war, to the ideot who, accustomed to hear at certain hours a village clock, through the mere force of habit and the-association of ideas, continued to count the hours, at the proper periodical times, after the clock had gone to decay or was broken in pieces. He touched on the subject of the personal altercation between Mr. Rigby and Sir Joseph Maw bey in this manner : dullness, with the heft intentions to be brilliant, is often unavoidable. A p'g, it is said, never attempts to swim, which is the next thing to (baring, without cutting its throat. Again, it is said, that ^n eel swims faster in puid, though it has no fins, than fifties that have. He applied to fometfiing that a chymist told him,

concerning

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1760.

concerning a preparation of lead, which tho* cold, heavy, and

soporific, nad a poilonous and malignant-quality.

Mr. Fox said, that it had been very well observed by his honourable friend [Mr. Sheridan] that there were fomc thino too ierious for buffoonry, and the subject before them He conceived to be of this kind, and had expelled that it would have bpen seriously treated even by those who leldora treated with seriousness any thing else. With regard to the merit of Lt>rd Cornwallis, ministers, after all their pncomiums, bad greatly under-rated it: for the only fruit of the taking of Charles-Town was to throw that able Officer and the troops under his command into a situation of great peril, from which he had extricated them with amazing ability and bra-

this point he dwelt with great ingenuity, placing it in a variety of lights. He afkca what were to bfe the advantages to be derived from the redu&ioo of Charles-To.wn, and the yiHory at Camden ? And whether the thanks of the House would have been refused had they been proposed to Sir William Howe, after the victory on Long Island, BunkerV Hill, Brandywine, orpn his taking New-York or Philadelphia ? Or would they have been refused to another general, on his taking Ticonderoga ? Such, he presumed, would be the victories for which the House was to offer thanks. He allowed the merits of the officers now in queffon, but he made a distin&ion between thanks and praile. He might admire their valour, but he could not separate the intention from the action; they were united in his mind; there they formed one whole, and he would not attempt to divide thejn. He would not vote the thanks of the House to any admiral, while the navy of England was in such bad hands, fle alledged that ministry, dissatisfied and chagrined with tfce thanks that had been given to Sir Fletcher Norton, had taken this method of depreciating their value. He asked where they were to flop, and why thanks were not voted to the whole navy and army

The fame men, who had fomented the rebel’ion in 174$, seemed to be at the bottom of the American war. They wished to subdue the liberties of England by first fubdui^g those of America; and the vote of thanks moved for this day is in this spirit^ ct You thanked the Duke of Cumberland for conquering us in 1745, now we have an opportunity of retaliating the insult, by thanking Sir Henry Clinton and Lord Cornwallis for conquering you.

v

Mr.

A. 1786. DEBATE S. t$$

Mr. Adam ©bferved, in answer to Mr. Fox, that in the Mr.

time of the w^r of the succesljon, thanks had been voted to the Duke of Marlborough, though the-war was Unpopular, ill which his great talents Were exerted. Who would have thought of cohfiderwg the victories at Rofbach by the Kin£ of Prussia, and at Minden by Prince Ferdinand, as disad-vantages (to this country, though the German war was confide red by many as ruinous thereto? Was ever such language held by any opposition as is held by the present

Mr. Adam described the courage and firm constancy of Earl Cornwallis, who never once thought of yielding to the dnemy in any iituation, however alarfning, but stretchfed out a line of two thousand and six hundred men, with most undaunted and magnanimous courage, in opposition to a front of fevern thousand.

Sir F. Basset thought it the duty of an officer^ who sacrificed to his station, part of the liberty of a British subject, to obey, without reserve, the orders of toe King. Sir George Savile demanded ah explanation of these words, and obtained it. The Solicitor General made a speech in support of the motion, and of the justice and neceuity of the American war.

Mr. Fox complained that the learned gentleman had de-Mr. F«*. dined to enter into a dispute concerning the American war, on a former and proper occasion, and now defended it when fie kheifr he would not be opposed. Fot his own part he thought that matter was not before the House at this>* time; but he threw out the gauntlet to any politician on that fub-j?&, Confiding not in his own abilities but in the goodness of his cause.

Sir J. Wrottefly, Mi*. Byng, Mr. Martin, Sir George v Yonge, Lord Mahon, Thomas Townshend, &c. also (poke.

But at length the question was pur, and the motion. With the amendments above dated., was carried without a divi* fion.

Noytmbtr 28.

A motion being made to bring up the report of the com* fflittee of supply.

Mr. Hujfo rose, and complained of the preference and partiality shewn t<> one branch of the public service, and that not the most important. He said, the amount of the tftimates of the army agreed to by the Committee on Friday, with the amount of the estimate of the ordnance, yet ro be

-. voted.

*ARLiAMENTAfe¥ A.

voted, the vote of credit, and the amount of the extraordi-oaries of the army, (which the right honourable gentleman would, he supposed, bring to the House after Christmas, as usual,) all added together, would come nearly to the amount of ten millions, a sum infinitely too large for that House to vote for the single service of the army* without hearing fomc fttisfa&ory account how it was to be applied. This country was attacked by the mod powerful confederacy that ever yet had taken up arms against her, and if any thing could give us safety, it mud be our having a more powerful navy than our enemies; how was thait definable object attempted by his Majesty's ministers ?—In a letter published lad year by a member of that Hotife, it Was dated, that the number of seamen employed by us, had encreased from 96,000 to 98,060* but it was at the same time acknowledged, that the number of seamen employed, upon the aggregate, by our enemies, was much greater. Why was this ) If this country could only be saved by her navy, and he believed no mini-der would be hardy enough to deny this, or to contradict what had been so well asserted by % noble Lord in his speech the preceding day, viz. " that an honourable peace could only be hoped for, by our destroying the marine erf France," it ought to be the fxrd objeffc of miniders, to encrease and drengthen the navy, and not to do it by driblets, not by adding 2000 men, but to add an effectual increase immediately. Mr. Huftey said, he saw this matter infoftronga point of view, that unless he received satisfaction upon that head, he would take the earlied opportunity of moving, that an additional 20,000 men be voted for the navy. Having said this, he went into a consideration and reply to what had fallen from the secretary at war on the 24th, declaring, that he considered the present, but as an adjourned debate. He called to the recollection of the House, the great difficulties which the right honourable gentleman had dated to be in the way of the recruiting service, and which, the right honourable gentleman had adigned as a reason for his plan of oeconomy, in reducing the number of men in the old regiments to 56 per company. The right honourable gentleman had said he could not get recruits for the old corps, and therefore lie reduced their complements. What was this, but confelling that our resources of men were nearly ided up, and having recourse to a plan of necessity in the beginning almost of this war, which we had not been driven to adopt till just upon the clofc of the last war ? This was a

melancholy

A, 1786. DEBATE S. 185

melancholy Consideration for that House, and for their constituents to whom it held out no hopes, np prospect of this country being able, either in point of finance or resource, tp hold out with France, Spain, and America much longer.

He said, he remembered two years ago the right honourable gentleman had come down to that House, triumphantly, and had said, we had at that time a greater land force than any nation, even Rome itself* was ever known to possess.

For this immense army an immense expence had been inr purred, it was fair therefore for him to recur to the right honourable gentleman’s triumphant argument; and tp ask what had been the atchievements of this vast army? What had they done, and what had the people to look to for their money?

Having argued this point for some time, Mr. Hufley repeated his design of moving* that an additional 20,000 men be voted for the navy Service; and after declaring that it was incumbent on that House to consider the army estimates, and fee if they could apply the money more ^economically, or to a more essential service, he concluded with moving*

" That the report be recommitted."

Sir ThiltfJennings Ckrke said, he rose to ftcond the motion. Sir Pbify

He thought now as he had thought lad year, when he moved the House for that purpose, that the monthly returns ought c/<rA* to be laid on the table, previous to the House’s agreeing to Vote such a large additional sum for the army service. Their condiments had a right to know how their money was disposed of* and for what it was paid. He would therefore not barely second the motion, but move, by way of amendment, that the report be recommitted till the monthly returns of the army were laid on the table.

The Speaker told Sir Philip, that a motion having beep made to recommit the report, that must be first difppfed ox, before any question of amendment could., be put.

Sir Philip then said, he would at present only feepnd hit honourable friend’s motion.

Mr. Jenkinson, Secretary at War, next rqfc and said, hpMr. 7»*

should, at all times be glad to give the House every satisfac-*"/•»• tion in his power. That with regard to the navy of England, the honourable gentleman who made the motion, could not feel a more anxious desire to push it to the ultapft, and give it every possible assistance than he did. He. was cpnfci -ous it was the natural and the best force that this country could rely on for protection and defence. So fully aware was he of this, that if he thought the voting the number of Vol. XVIII. B b men.

floosie

PARLIAMENTARY

men, agreed, to in the committee, for the nfe of the land service, would diminish, check or lessen the number of feajnen to be obtained, he should be to the full as averse to agreeing to the report as'the honourable gentleman. Even if he thought it would take away a man from the navy, he should not approve of the report. But as he was convinced of the necessity of our having, under the present circumftiances of affairs, a powerful land force, as well as a powerful navy, and as lie knew, that the voting the estimates would not in the lead prejudice the navy, he certainly should approve and support the agreeing to the report. Gentlemen seemed not to be aware that a great part of the army served as marines on board the fleet, and that in fact by voting that army, they were,voting assistance to the navy. Excluflveof this, surely it heeded not martv words to prove the absolute necessity of our having a rct'peaable land force.

The honourable gentleman had alluded to his having talked of the large army we had two years ago, when he had proposed an augmentation of the companies; it was very true. We had then upon the estimates, and under the calculation •if. the amount of the force, when the regiments were full, accordigg to the augmentation proposed, a very large army, but that augmentation had never been compleated. He had at the time brought in a bill, which, $s he mentioned to the committee, he had flattered himself would, when passed into a law, have effectually assisted the army, by coercing, as it were, the'recruiting service. That,aft, as he had before raid, did not operate exactly as he had expected it would do. It promoted other ferVices, but it had not proved of any great benefit to the army. It was therefore because recruits for the old corps were not easy to be got, that lie had formed the plan of reducing the companies, and not, as some gentlemen had iuggefted, because he had any preference for new levies. He repeated what he had said the other day, he thought the filling up of the old corps the matter most to be wifiled for. It was undoubtedly the best way of recruiting the army, and ought always to be preferred to any other way. But at present, the necessity of affairs called for men; men must'be raised at any rate, and as they were to be got easier for the new corps than for the old ones, necessity made it wifdomto accept of such offers for new levies, as were made upon con- I ditions least unreasonable in themselves and most advantageous to the public. Some gentlemen had, in their zeal to till the old corps, advised an incicafe of levy-money. Gen-

tle me a

A. 1780. DEBATES.

tleraen who used this argument* were not perhaps aware/ that if five pounds were added to the present five pounds allowed the army, it would not ftrll come up-to the pfice given; for recruits by the gentlemen who undertook to i*aise’the new corps, or for militia substitutes. And if the antiy levy-mo- ney was increased, it would only enhance the market price of militia substitutes, for undoubtedly their'price would en-'1 crease in proportion; for they, as. gentlemen must clearly" fee, would always give more, than the army could afford to give. As the case flood, he lamented a^ much aV any gentleman* that there was a difficulty in the way of the'’ recruiting service, but he was very far from imputing, that as the honourable gentleman had suggested, to the failure of our resources of men. He knew from the great ease and* thefhort time in which the new corps were raised, -there were raep enough to be had, but it so happened that the army was not so favourite a service as the navy. Having spoken some* time on this subject, he took notice that the honourable. gentleman had asked, what had been the atchievemerits of the vast army that this country had maintained for some time pafl ? If gentlemen considered the nature of the war, if they reflected on the very powerful confederacy in arms against us, how extensive and widely spread over the face of the earth the possessions of this country were, the should imagine that i it would neither appear that the army had been uleless, or that it had done but little. He should imagine when it was considered, that we had (offered no elTential loss the whole campaign, thatwc had neither loft an army, aship, nor an island, that on the contrary we had rather gained upon ouf enemies, and that our army had'been signaily vidldrious in North America; gentlemen would be of opinion that much more than could have been expected, under the unusual and alarming situation in which we flood, had been atchicved; and that the events which had taken place argued very forcibly no^only the success, but he begged to add, the wisdom of his Majesty’s councils., Exclusive of this retrofpe£l of-affairs, he said it must be urged, in proof of the great utility of1 our having a respectable land force, that it was by means of the army at New York, that Sir Henry Clinton had so long been •blc to keep General Washington at bay, and was now enabled to keep both-General Washington^ forces, and the army which the French had sent to Rhode Island, under Monsieur Rochambeau, at bay likewise. It was by means of our haying a respectable land force ia most of our B b 2 .. iHands,

i88 Parliamentary a. iyb.

i (lands, that we were able to prevent the enemy,. when they were foperior to us at sea, from attacking them, till our fleet could oonte to their assistance, Observing that his expression of, 44 the superiority of the enemy at sea," had caught the ears of the gentlemen on the other fide, he said,that undoubtedly in a war like the present, in which the enemy had it in their option where to make the attack, they would sometimes be A* perior at sea in particular places, and that was unavoidable, At the same time though they were obviously dpon the watch to-discover where we were mod weak and moil vulnerable, it was a circumstance which refitted great honour on miniftess, and afforded a strong proof of the utility of the army, that they had not found one part of the British potfcfiions that appeared to them so unguarded as to invite them to hazard an attempt. The secretary said he was unwilling to go tutu an argument on the American war, he would therefore just touch upon that topic; he then slightly alluded to it, and justified it on what he called the old constitutional principles, and at length concluded with a declaration, that he would readily answer any questions that might be a(J;ed of him* Rt-HonJ. Right Hon. T, Towaflxnd rose next, and in a pretty long *fww«*f* fneech went again over the fame ground that he had taken dq toe 24th, relative to the partiality shewn to the new corps, particularly with regard to the augmentation proposed to be made to the regiments of Colonels Fullarton and Humber* Ron, the reason for which, he called upon the noble Lord in the blue ribband to explain. Mr. Townshend reprobated the management of the army in general, and spoke of the Feneibles, which he said were something worse than militia, bceauie, though they were object ion able on the fame ground,

‘ viz. that they could not be employed out of the kingdom, they were (till less to be depended on, as the officers were not obliged to be qualified in the manner that militia officers were* He (poke also, with great resentment, on the inboma* hity of (ending out new raw regiments to the West-India islands, and said he had it from good authority, that no left than 740 foldicrt died at St. Lucia in a very few mouths. Just Cad therefore of attending to the decrease of our resources of men, mirtifters were wantonly wafting the strength of the 1 country., and fending its army to rot in unwholsome climates, and find early graves in the West Indies. He declared that glthoqgh the young regiments were (ant to the West India 4o long since, their camp equipage had been fentqptonly lately. The men therefore were subjected to the fatality

that

A* DEBATES*

that had raged among thorn, by being exposed without to* vering, to the inclemencies of the weather. He replied tQ the secretary at war, and said he was npt to be deceived by the false arguments of one man in office, nor by the delusive and flattering description of our affairs given by another* hat while the blood and treasure of this country were ex-r haufling with a rapidity that threatened our immediate ruin, the pompous declaration, that we had escaped one whole campaign without the loss of a ship or an island, carried qo comfort tp his mind, because it did not shew the least prospect of peace, nor could peace be expected, while ministers v obstinately and wickedly, in defiance of the sense of the people, per&vered in that accursed American war. He remembered that during the last war a great roinifter had declared that jimtrita was conquered in Germany; the expref-

fion was at that time a good deal laughed at, but without much reason in his opinion, because it contained great good sense and great reason. Ministers however, now, were pursuing a more abfiird maxim, and were mad enough to imagine that Franee was to be conquered in America. An idea of the most ridiculous nature. They themselves had declared the war impracticable* A noble Lord, the day before, had laid, Detenda fft Carthago; and bad very .properly pointed out how this was to be done, viz. by destroying the marine 'of France. Why then was not that advice followed ? Why war the American war, the source of ruin to this country, pur~ filed? Why were not otrr troops and fleets withdrawn from America, and Cent against the possessions of our natural enemies? It was our having an army in America that kept Mr. Washiogton’s army together. Recall the one, and the other would instantiy crumble to pieces. He called the American war a war of ambition and a war of avarice, and that of the very worst kind. It was carried on, he said, merely for minifliers to extend the influence of the crown, by giving grants of land, as fast as it was obtained, to their creatures. He concluded with voting for the recommitment of the report, declaring, that the estimates were fallacious and, false, and contending that Parliament had a right to have the provincial corps voted by estimate, as well as the rest of the army in America.

Lord North. The honourable gentleman had sdked, why Lord the two regiments <*f Colonel Humberfion, and Colonel Ful-larton, bad been proposed to be augmented ?—He would tell the honourable gentleman, h was my true, that last year

these

PARLI AMENTARY A. tjSo.

I

tfiefe two regiments were raised for a special service, and that it was intended to fend them upon that service immediately; they had not however been sent, because the idea of the service went off, and it was thought adviseable to fend 2COO men upon it, infteac^of 1000. Now he, for one, had been of opinion, that, in order to raise the additional iGOO men, it was more expedient, and better for the public, to oblige Colonel Fullarton, and Colonel Humberfton, to double their dumber of men, than to raise new corps. This, and this only, was the reason, and not for any partiality to new corps. He was as fully convinced, as the honourable gentleman, that it was much wiser to endeavour to fill up the old corps, than to levy new ones. He always had thought so, and it was, as the right honourable gentleman, who fpokc early, had stated, from the difficulties that lay in the way of the recruiting service of the army, and on no other account, that he ever con fen ted to raise new corps, for he was ready to acknowledge in the fullcft manner, that-new corps ought never to be countenanced, bat when from circumfta rites, it became meritorious in gentlemen who offered to raise them, to make such offers, and convenient to the public that those offers should be accepted. The honourable gentleman had complained of the fencible regiments and said, they were something worfc than militia. Undoubtedly they were, and for the very re’afons the honourable gentleman had assigned, but then gentlemen should consider, that there were only three fencible regiments in the kingdom, that these three were'raised in a moment of emergency, when this country was nor only threatened with an invasion, but when an i»-vafion was actually meditated and intended. That danger, he thanked God was now over, and he believed France Would not very loon adopt the fame idea. Gentlemen*should consider also that the officers of the fencible regiments were entitled to no half-pay, and had only rank for the time they were cittplo’yed. He law, therefore, no Very'great harm in these regiments, though no more were likely to be raised upon a titoilar plan. With regard to voting the provincial corps serving in America by estimate, he had not the smallest oblivion, if Parliament chose to vote them in that manner; but he believed ir was much better for the public to vote them as they were now voted, and to leave the conduct and number of them to the commander in chief. The public, he could allure the House, paid only for the effectives, who were subject to stoppages for cloaths, &c. just tire fame as the re-

G.

A. 1780. D E B A T 'E' S. 191

gular army. Another thing the honourablegentleman had taken notice of, was, the withdrawing our troops from America. In reply to this, his Lordship said, he did not mean to go into a long discourse upon the American war just then, though he had so often spoken his mind upon that subject, that he had not the least obje&ioo to discuss the argument fully at any time. He had always thought the war just and necessary.

A war into which this country was obliged to go. He was a little astonished however to hear it called a war of ambition

What ambition ? The ambition of whom ? He was lure, he for one, had no ambitious view in it whatever; and if this country was at any time engaged in a war in which the crown could have no object, and no particular interest of its own, the American war was that war. It was a war, as gentlemen well knew, commenced and prosecuted in defence of the just rights of Parliament! a war originating hi the claim of a very moderate exercise of a right which no man would deny was inherent in the cojnftitution of Great Britain ! The honourable gentleman had laid, and other gentlemen had said the fame, " abandon the Americans; withdraw your fleets and armies." Would gentlemen recommend this now, when we had a fair prospect of recovering the American provinces ? Would they abandon all our possessions in America ? Would they abandon those loyalists, and leave them to the mercy of Congress, who, relying on the good faith of Great Britain, had claimed her prpte&ion) But gcutlemen said, " withdraw your fleets and armies from America, and attack France and Spain !" Did gentlemen imagine then, that if we took this advice, we should not have Monfleur Rochambcau and General Waftiington’s army to fight elsewhere ? Would they remain idle ? After arguing in this manner for some time, his Lordship concluded.

General Burgoynefpoke next, and began with denying that Central there was the least oeconomy in voting a reduction of the old corps.. He said, that when the money was voted for an augmentation, and that augmentation could not be obtained, the public were no losers, if the miuifters of the war department did their duty, and made the army agents make up their accounts properly. He mentioned what had been Mr. Grenville’s conduct in this particular, and dec ared that he got back a great deal of money from the agents for the public.

Instead of railing new corps, he asked, why was not three pounds added to the levy money of the army? men enough, might be got for eight pounds. But for the paltry lum of

30,0001.

VAftLt AMENT AR.V. A.i78b4

30,0001. the army was fuflfered to moulder away, dll at length we should have no regiments left that were worth any thing, or fit for actual service. He complained of the ▼cry great neglect and injustice with which the regiments, " now prisoners in America under the Saratoga convention, had been treated* He said, let the weight of mat convention fall ever so heavy, he, and he only, ought to bear it; he was ready to answer for his whole conduct at any time, but the regiments now so shamefully deserted, were as gallant regiments as ever took the field on any occasion, or in any country* That the omitting to insert them in the augmentation plan of 1778 was scanaalous; that not the least notice had been taken of the officers, notwithstanding so many new corps had been raised and given to Colonels Stanton, Hum* berfton, Keating, and Fuliarton; gentlemen who might be extr£nely respectable in their private characters, but who had no military pretentions to promotion* He saw indeed in last Saturday’s Gazette, the names of some few of his officers promoted by brevet, but that was a (lender return* a flight amends for all their sufferings. He said, to his knowledge, the army were universally ditgufted at command being given to such men as had lately got it* He appealed to a noble Lord, whether an humble and decent remonstrance, or rather a representation of the hardship, had not been formally sent over from the West Indies, He could impute the partiality which was so apparent in the army promotions, to no-' thing but a defirt to garble the army, for purposes inimical to the constitutional rights of the subject. He asked what it was that Charles the First did, previous to his attempts to erect his prerogative into arbitrary power, but—garble his army ? What did James the second do for the fame purpose—game his army 1 He had been bred a folditr, and he loved and honoured the profession, but be defied any man to say, that he had ever said or done any thing which shewed the least inclination to promote so unconstitutional an idea -as a (landing army. He had before mentioned it, and he hoped to God an enquiry would be instituted in that House into the bad wfe that was made of the army during the late summer, when under pretence of preventing riots, the army was employed in the most unconstitutional manner, with a power of acting independent of the interpolation of the civil magistrate. The General described some of the soldiers as having themselves been rioters* and when they came to be examined as delin-t quests,

Ae l?80i

DEBATE S.

*9S

quests, claimed the authority of magiHracy. The General was for the recommitment.

The Secretary at War rose again, and explained fbme mat- The W ters which had been adverted to in the course of the debate.

He particularly repeated, that he did not think our resources of men exhausted, from the great readinefe and ease with which recruits were obtained, particularly, where the regiments were provincial regiments, or regiments that bore die ' names of particular places. He mentioned the Innifkilfing, and (ome others, which were always recruited with great ease. He also mentioned Lord Percy’s regiment, which though it came home but in September, he had that day received a return from, Hating that they had already got tod men. The Secretary, in answer to General Burgoyne’s arguments against the oeconomy of the reduction plan, and respeffcing the recovery of money out of the hands of army agents, said, Mr. Grenville had an infinite deal of troubfe to get the money back, nor could he effeffc it, before he had appointed three commissioners to inspect the agents accounts, who, being men of great ability and integrity, had at length got through the business. With regard to the oeconomy of his reduction plan, there certainly was oeconomy in preventing an advance of the public money, more especially when intereH muH be paid for every shilling advanced. Besides, money once issued, is not easily, as he had before mentioned, got back again; and public money is surely mod safe, when the public have it in their own potfefiion.

Sir George Howard reprobated the idea of preferring new Sir corps to filling up the old regiments, as unmilitary and trlmentai to the service. He laid, he had seen repeated in-ftadees of what the right honourable gentleman had Hated, relative to the superior ease with which some regiments were recruited to what others were. He declared, he had for-? merly ah old regiment of foot, which was always recruited Oot of Soroersetshire, and never tried for recruits elsewhere. Another regiment, which he Hated was called the Yorkshire regiment and always recruited* in that county. A third.

Hie Lancashire regiment; and a fourth, the Edinburgh re-reghnent, and so on. He said, he remembered to have been pfcient at a convention, wherein the late Duke of Cumberland (who had done as much for the army as ever man.did, and whose name he should always mention with relped and honour) had declared he wtihed to try in Parliament to get rid of die recruiting service altogether: he thought it a dif-Vol. XVIII. C c grace

*94

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

grace to the army, and a fatigue and trouble to the officers, who were obliged to undertake it in turn. The Duke’s idea was, that each county should have one or more regiment* of, its own, such as the Middlesex regiment, the Essex.regiment, and the Surrey regiment, &c, &c. the men not to be enlisted for life, but during a war, or at other times for a limited period; and when recruits were wanted, that a requisition should be made to the county fession to v furnish them. Sir George said, he told the Duke that such a law would partake of the nature of an impress aft in its operation, and therefore would be objected to, buthisHoyal Highne&had convinced him of its equity and pra&icability. Sir George advised ministers never to employ young corps hngly, but always to mix and support them with old regiments.

Mr. Byng complimented Sir George as an ornament to his

profession, and added further arguments against favouring new corps, by {fating how unfit for service they had proved in Germany last war. He condemned the trusting an expedition of so much importance as to require 2000 men, to two raw regiments, under the command of young and unexperienced lieutenant colonels. Mr. Byng said a general of approved skill and valout ought to be at the head of such an expedition*

Mr. Shper, Mr. Sloper advised passing an act to impower the regulars to recruit out of the militia, as a matter which would at once remedy every difficulty in the way of the recruiting fc^-vice; and give the army, as it ought to have, a decided fu-periority over the militia, lord Ms - Lord Mahon complained of agitating so important a ques-

*• tion in fothin a House, and declared'he never would vote for a supply to carry on the American war, or before ministers had explicitly declared their intentions as to the future conduct of the war. His Lordship proved, that the population of this country was dccreased to the amount of one million eight hundred thousand within the last 90 years. His Lordship took his calculation at the ratio of five people in a house; on this he built an argument against the American war, contending that by the wife measure of congress, March 18, the Americans had bought up their debt at two and a half per cent, and were therefore fresh and ready to go on; France also had imposed no new burthens on her subjects, and was rich in resources, while Great Britain was almost exhausted both of men and money. In answer to the secretary at war’s 3 argument

«9S

A. 1780* DEBATES;

argument that we hayloft nothing last campaign* His Lord*

/hip asked if Rhode Island, the best harbour in America, was nothing h

Lord George Germain said, it was true that such a represen- Ct*v tation had been transmitted to him* That it complained of gentlemen who had been long in the service, having provincial officers sent to command them; that he had laid it before his Majesty, and by his Majesty’s order, referred it to the commander in chief; that he had received it back with his answer, and should transmit the answer to the West-In-, dies, the first opportunity. His Lordship just added a few words, fn reprobation of the idea that this was a war of ambition.

Sir George Savite having said, he looked on that day as the.SirGmx# fit day to consider, not the detail, but the totality of the^4W* argument respecting our future prospects with regard to the war and the use of the army, entered upon that subject, and among, other matters descanted bn the recruiting orders now issued, one of which he produced and read, making a comment by way. of turning it into ridicule, as he proceeded*

It appeared from it, that the general standard for recruiti was to be five feet five, but the officers were instructed to take active men at five feet four, and growing lads of sixteen at five feet three. Sir George said, by this latter inftrn&ion* he should have imagined that the purport of the order was, for the officers to get children, and not to procure, men to recruit the army. In conference of these orders children were inlisted, who were scarcely able to stand u$der their arms.

Mr. Martynread a short extrafl against the American Mr. Mar-war, from Mr. Burke’s address to the electors of Bristol.

At length the House divided, when the numbers were Ayes,

(for committing the report) 37; Noes, 108. The report was then read, and agreed to.

The report was as follows

That 39,666 effective men, commission and noo-commissioned officers, including 4213 invalids be employed for land forces for 1781.

That 1,490,7741. be granted for maintaining the said men.

That 1,488,9271. be granted for defraying the charge of the forces in the garrisons at Minorca, Gibraltar, the plantations, &c. for 1781.

That 42,9271. be granted for the pay of general and geue-ral-staff officers.

C c 2That

le

v$ PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S0.

That 565O74l. be minted for the pay of 'five Hanoverian battalions serving in Gibraltar, in British pay.

That 13,4721. be granted for the pay of the itraops of the - Landgrave of Hdfle Cassel, in ditto.

. That 39,397 kbe granted for the pay of'two regiments of Hanau, in ditto.

- That 17,4981. be granted for one regiment of the troepe of Waldeck, in ditto.

That03,9471. be granted for the pay of 4033 of the troops of Brunswick, in ditto.

That 39,6441. be granted for the pay for the troops of the Margrave of Brandenburgh, in ditto.

That x 6,630k be granted for the pay of the troops of the Prince of Anhak Zebft, in ditto.

That 49,373k be granted for defraying the charge of provisions for the foreign troops fenring in North America, for 1781.

That 6463k be granted for the pay of the troops of the Prince of 'Beue, ja British pay, noit before provided for.

That 27,683k be granted for the charge of artillery for the foreign troops, in British service. f That 672,457k be granted for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, and four regiments of forcible^ in North Britain.

That 994679k -be granted for defraying the dxpende of pay and clothing for the militia for 1781.

November 29.

The Rt. The Right Hon. Thomas moved for accounts of

Hon. T*all the staff and flag officers and poll captains employed in his Majesty's service. This motion was agreed to.

Colonel Colonel Barreintimated his intention to move for an ac-Merri. count of the army in North America, and other foreign set-, dements belonging to Great Britain, containing the number. of troops, and distinguishing their respectivefortiontf, at the beginning of this current year. tori North, Lord North repnefertted the impropriety of making such a. motion when: foe fee rotary at war was not present. Cdlond Barre deferred this motion.

Crioiel .'Colonel Barri moved that accounts be laid before this Berrf. House of nil foe exports and imports of Great Britain ffom foe year *773, indufive, distinguishing foe (daces from which the imports, and to which the ‘cxjforts were made. TUs motion wm agreed to.

, Colonel

G.

1*8* D E B* A T £ S.- t9*

Colonel Bant then moved, that the exports and imports of Colonel the year 1780 belaid before the House, which motion was also agreed to.

Lord Mahon rose up, and said, that he had, in the cotirfe Lord Act of last night’s debate, troubled the House with his sentiments*' on a subject, which he thought alarming, namely, the rapid dccrease of population in this kingdom. What he had ad* -vanced, was founded on the best evidence that it had been in > his power to procure, and the evidence, as far as it went, was good, but infome respects it was incomplete.

Papers bad been laid before the House about two years and an half ago* containing accounts of the houses paying taxes, and also of those that,did not pay taxes within the kingdom, and thence allowing a certain number,of fouls for each house* might be formed some estimate of the number of inhabitants in Great Britain. But the papers did not contain any date by which we might investigate the cause of the decrease of population, or find out, a - remedy ^or that evil: for they did not describe the situations.of different towns and villages with respect to commerce; they did not mark whether the places' that bad encreased or decrcafed in populousness were ifiaririme or inland, manufacturing or agricultural; nor did they afford any ground for calculating whether there were not some places that had encreased lb much in numbers, as to make up the deficiencies in others. He*therefore moved, That there be laid before this House a particular account of the number of houses and Cottages charged, chargeable, discharged and not charged with the duties on houses and windows, both inhabited and uninhabited, within that part of Great Britain calledEngland, in Wales, the Town of Berwick uplon Tweed; and also that part of Great BritaincaUed Scotland; distinguishiqg all the counties in which they lie (and with respeeE to houses situated within any city having notless than jfOoJiQufes, distinguishing also the said city), and likewise difUngmfliing the several dalles of houses as they are aiTelfed, and pay to the duties on houses and windows, for each year, from the beginning of the year of 1750 to the year 1779 m-dufively.

The House then resolving itfblf into a committee of supply.

Mr. Old, took his feat at the table, when

Sir Charles Cocks (clerk of the ordnance) rdfe, and in the Sir Ctarltt ufiu|I manner.opened.the estimates of the^xpenceof ihe ord-c*k* nance, for the year 1781, under the three heads of ordnance

ordi-

.198

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

ordinary, extraordinary, and unprovided services, Sir Charles went into a long and circumstantial detail of the charges incurred and dated under each separate head, from whence it appeared that upon the whole, there was a considerable excels, over the estimates of the lad year, which he endeavoured to account for, by declaring, that a very great part of the exceeding was occasioned by charges incurred in 1779, the demands for which were not made at the ordnance board rill af-ster the delivery of the lad year’s estimates. In the couHe of his l'peech. Sir Charles delcanted on the several causes for so large an edimate, dating the fortifications at Gibraltar, the great demand for ordnance of all kir.ds in consequence of the various services of the war, the works carrying on at Portsmouth and at Chatham, the expence of the late encampments Hear town, the number of vessels belonging to the board of ordnance, which were employed in the navy, and a varifcty of other matters. Sir Charles, before he fa{ down, said, that such had been the care and affiduityof the noble Lord who preiided, and the red of the board, that altho' his Majesty’s arsenals and magazines were formerly left in a miserable date of unprovitson, they were now full of dores of every kind, and fo1 much was ready at Woolwich and elsewhere, that be would venture to say, 4 let the demands of the ensuing year be what they might, the ordnance office was diffidently prepared to antwer Stem immediately. c*ftaia Captain Minchin asked, if the 6000I. charged in theefti-*• mate for Plymouth, was all that was spenton the new works there, out of the 20,ooool. voted for that service last year; and iffo, where were the remaining 14'ooooh Sir Cksrh* Sir Charles Cocksy in reply, said, he believed the whole of

C*4* that 20,oopl. was expended, and that the 6oopf. now charged was for expences incurred, over and above the 20,ooool. voted last year.

Mr. S*w- Mr. Sawbridge complained of the artillery driver! being al-Wfr. lowed half pay., As their duty whep employed was labour, he thought they ought not to have any pay, but when they were employed.

Sir J»fefh Sir 'Joseph Muwbey asked, why the office of InspectorGt-neral of the iron ordnance was continued. He conceived it to be a mere fin ecu re, and underftobd that it was contrived fblely to recompense General Defaguliers, with a salary of 5C0I. per annum, for foroe ingenious invention. That gentleman

■V

*99

A. 1780. D ’E BATES, '

tlemao being dead, he saw no manner of reason for continuing to burthen the public with the payment of the salary.

Sir Charles Cocks said, the office Was not a fmecure; that

General Dcfaguliers had invented an instrument, by which the truth of the borexff every piece of ordnance was ascertained, previous to the piece being proved on a proof day; that this instrument, it was the duty of the Inspector General of the iron ordnance, to apply to each piece of ordnance, and if he was ill, the fire mailer’s mate did the duty, and had a salary of 80I. a year for it, which was well deserved the captain who held the office, he being as good an officer as any in Woolwich yard. Sir Charles added, likewise, that the place Was not a new one, there having been formerly a person called the Inspector General of the brass ordnance, whose office was in truth a mere sinecure.

Sir Joseph was not satisfied, and still argued against the continuance of such an office.

The first question was then put as follows : t( Resolved, that it is the opinion of this committee,

M That a sum not exceeding 582,929b 1 is. 9d. be granted to his Majesty for defraying the expences of the services performed by the office of ordnance for land service for the year 1781,"

This was carried, and afterwards the following:

" That a sum not exceeding 447,182!. 4s. 6d. be granted to his Majesty for defraying the expence of the services performed by the office of ordnance for 1780, and not provided for." Also

" i, 500,0001. for paying off the exchequer bills of the last sessions." And also

"i,coo,oooo for paying off exchequer bills, pursuant to a VQte of credit of the last sessions."

November 30.

Colonel Barr/ moved, that there be laid before the House c<jL Bmri. accounts of the army in North America and the West Indies, distinguishing the places where they were stationed, and the national, foreign, and provincial troops, in November, 1779, according to the returns for that year from Sir Henry Clinton.

Mr. Jenkinson (Secretary at War) said, that for his own Mr Jtmkm* part he nad no objection to give all the information that the/* papers in his office would enable him to give; but he could only tell in general, how many troops were under the command of such or such general officers, as Sir Henry Clinton,

General

too

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

General Haldimand in Canada, General Vaughan; and General Dalling in the \^ft Indies. In the mean time, Lord George Germain came into the House.

Col. tarri* Colonel Barri said, that he would not m6ve for any papen that might give information to the enemy. Encouraged by the secretary at war, on a former day, he had now. moved for the papers specified in the motion, and had confined his enquiries to an old date, that he might run no risque of losing his motion, The distrihution of the arpny in November 1779, could not, though exactly known, lead to a knowledge or its present distrihution. For in all things, but especially in war, there is a perpetual variation of circumstances, and ' in the course of a whole year, the Rations and the condition of every part almost of the army must have undergone great viciifitude and alteration.

Lord G. Lord George Germain said, that the situation and state of the army in November 1770, accurately described, would give material" information with respecto its present state; as there were parts of the army, particularly those forces that were stationed in Nova-Scotia and Pensacola, that were in the lame situation now in which they were twelve months ago.

Col. Bsrr/. Colonel Barri would not, in so thin a House, try his strength against that of the noble Lord. There were (o few effective men in the House, he said, looking around him; that they seemed to have been a campaign in the West Indies, T^he state of the army in America had been laid before the ' House, on occasion 01 the Convention of Saratoga in 1777, and he defied ministry to say that any bad consequence had arisen from that discovery; nevertheless, h would not -dispute the point with the noble Lord. He would come so fir into his sentiments, if the House would give him leave to amend his motion, as to leave out that part of it which required an account of the distrihution of the troops. bet' Sir George Savi 'e laughed at the idea of refusing to give an Savilf, account of the distrihution of the troops in America, left information /hould he given to Mr. Wa/hington; left Mr. Washington /hould know more of it than the' House of Commons. Wa/hington, he presumed, needed no information on this iubjecSl. Sir George thought it reasonable, that they who gave, or who were /orced to give, such exorbitant sums of money, /hould be very particularly informed with regard to the objedfs to which it was applied.

Col end Colonel Barre acknowledged the justice of his honourable

Birr/. friend’s reproaches. He might justly have flood On the ground

taken

A. 17804 DEBATES* $0

taken by the honourable baronet, on that ground the motion

was defensible. But, said the colonel, I defpai red of being

able to bring gentlemen on that fide of the House over to it.

My friend may try if he can.

dir George Savile said, he would not attempt it*

Lord George Germain said, that whatever passed in the Lori Gtcige House of Commons was known over all Europe, as well as to General Washington and the Congress. He did not want all the world to know the (late of the British army*

. Colonel Barrels motion, amended as above, was carried nem. con.

Colonel Barrimoved, that accounts be laid before the Colonel House of all the losses sustained by the army in North America Barr'* and the West Indies by ftckness, wounds, desertion, captivity, or otherwise, from the year 1774 to the 1779, inclusive, di-ftinguishing the regiments on which they fell, and the places and occasions on which they happened. A lift of this kind had been laid before the House in 1777; it was incomplete, as there were no returns from the German troops. This motion was agreed to nem. con.

Colonel Barre moved, that accounts be laid before the House of all the troops embarked for America, according to the embarkation returns from 1777 to 1780 inclusive. This mo* tion was agreed to.

He likewise moved, that accounts of all the men raised and employed in the land-service in Great Britain and Ireland, including twenty thousand marines, in the years 1777, 1778,

1779 and 1780, the fencibles or militia of Scotland -not being included, be laid before the House. This motion was also agreed to.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke moved, that the monthly returns Sir of the army and militia, serving in Great Britain, for the present year, be laid before the House.

Lord Beauchamp said that was impracticable, neither did 1ftA Bea"~ the law require it. The honour of the commanding officer was reckoned sufficient. The honourable gentleman’s motion seemed to involve a di (honourable suspicion that some tricks were played in the militia regiments; if so, why did he not speak out ? But if he meant to ground in his motion some improvement, either in discipline or ceconomy, let him mention it, and then go on with his enquiries.

Sir Philip replied, that he must first know from the returns whether any improvement was wanted.

Colonel BarrS reflecting on the great strength of the in- Colon#£ temal defence of this country, seventy-two thousand men Barr4% Vol. XVIII. D d last

ioz

PARLIAMENTARY

A« ty8o.'

LeriLif.

burnt.

lift year, and eighty-*thrte thousand thrsr considered Sir Philip’s motion as calculated and intended not to betray die weakness, but to point out the military power, of Great Britain.

On a division of the House, Sir Philip's notion was negatived:

Ayes ---- 15

Noes —— S3

The resolutions of the committee on the ordnance supplies were reported and agreed to.

Adjourned to December 4.

Decmbtr 4*

The order of the day was for going into a committed of fapply. Mr. Grd took the chair.

Lord Ltjburnt opened the business, which he laid was to vote the firm required by the navy efthnates. He laid, the admiralty had a right to claim feme little degree of merit, for the great attention they paid to the navy, and the great facility which they gave to the fCrvice in its several applications* He admitted,. that the expense, notwithstanding all their care, notwithstanding every possible prudent arrange^ inent, and notwithstanding a most unremitting regard to me strictest oeconomy in the management of the expenditure incurred by the navy, still amounted rather high; die trusted, however, when the nature of the war was considered, when it was considered what large fleets we had at sea, and for whkt remote corners of the globe the public service rendered it necessary that the admiralty should provide squadrons and vessels of different forces and when it was considered how little cause there was for real complaint of any kind, the expence would not be thought more than was absolutely requisite for the purpose, and that the proportions he should have the honour to make to the committee would meet with general concurrence. His Lordship then stated what had been the amount of the ordinary of the navy last year, and compared it with that deftred to be voted fdr the present; assigning the reason why there was any difference, and at die fame time pointing out in what that difference consisted. Having done this, his Lordship proceeded in like inanner to open to the committee the amount of the estimatfes of the extra expence of the navy for the- erifukig year, which he said consisted of three' capital articles, viz;

The expence of ships and vessels building in the King^ yards.

The

A» 1780* DEBATES# ac

The expence of shipsandveflels building in the merchants yards. And

The expence of works and improvements now carrying 6n an the royal docks, &c.

The amount of the vote for the ordinary of the navy his Lordship stated to be 382,200!. and the amount of the extra iervices to be 670,000!. and upwards; after defcantine shortly upon each vote, his Lordship moved that of the ordinary in {he customary manner.

As soon as it was read by the chairman.

Right Honourable T. Townshend rose, and declared, he was Rt. Hon. perfectly conscious how unusual it was for any man to say T* ar great deal in objedhon to voting the sums necessary for vy* popular a service as that of the navy of England, in time of ♦ war. He did not mean to incur the odium that such a liqe of conduct, he was aware, would draw down upon him, considering the present lituition of the country, but it was from that cpniideration, from a wish that the country might be done jjuflice to, from a wish that the people might be satisfied as jbuch as possible under the great burthens they sustainea, that they were not unnecessarily taxed, and that the large turns voted by committees of supply in that House* were prudently and (economically expended; that he had risen in brder to ask such questions as it became the duty of a good member of Parliament to ask, and as the befl members of that House had at all times thought it right to put, when the queilion before the committee of supply was a question which went to burthen the subject so much as the present qqCftion did. He had moved for papers the other day, with a» view to make hirafelf sufficiently m^fter of the subject; to be aide to know whether his suspicions that the navy was un-wifely managed or not, were well founded or ill founde<L The noble Lord who had opened the business of the day, bad done it vrith that candour and fairness which always di-ftinguished his conduct in that House, let the occasion which called him up be what it might. He called therefore upon that noble Lord to inform the committee, how it happened that the present half-pay lift of the navy was so large as it tjras. It,time of war, gentlemen well knew, that in proportion as the public expence for actual services increased,

Ae half-pay lift of the navy always decreased, and that head ct expence grew less as other heads of expence grew greater-At present the half-pay of the navy was not lessened, but it was uncommonly large. This w^s a proof that the old officers, thpfe who had wved in the glorious war, were fuf-

Dd 2 fcred

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1780.

fered to remain on half-pay, while new mailers and commanders, and new captains, were daily created. With regard to the flag-officers, a matter equally extraordinary was obvious. Last war we had but about thirty admirals in the service; now there were upwards of sixty, and forty of that number had been created in the time of the present first lord of the admiralty. Out of the sixty admirals now on the lift* not more than twenty were employed; and among them, only two of those who had served with so much honour to their country, and so much credit to thiemselves in the course of last war. Why was this ? Why were such great and respectable names as Admiral Keppel, Lord Howe, Admiral Campbell, Admiral Barrington, and Admiral Pigot, suffered to remain on the half-pay lift ? This the country ought to know; and the cause ought to be removed, in order to restore spirit and unanimity to the navy, in order to give vigour, efieft^ and success to its operations, The cause why some of these respectable Admirals were unemployed, was certainly no secret. Two of them had served, and hoW had they been treated ? They were obliged to quit the service, because they could have no confidence in the present administration ! Feeling as they did, from their experience of the present ministers, it would be agreed by all the world, that they would be fit for Bedlam, if they again trusted them and accepted commands. He observed, that it was now the will of the present first Lord of the admiralty to employ those officers who had received promotion during his presidency at the head of the admiralty, as well flag-officers as captains, and masters and commanders, in preference to those who had gained their characters last war. As the papers were npt before the House, he could not speak precisely as to the captains, and masters and commanders : he did not mean to complain, he knew there was not time to prepare them; hut he should like to have been able to compare the lift, and fee whether, from the great number lately created, the greater proportion of those now in actual service were not selected. The only captain of last war who had been promoted, and was in actual service, was Captain Kempenfelt, now an admiral, who had been first captain on board the Victory to three commanders in chief. He had originally been first captain to Sir Charles Hardy; he next devolved on Mr, Geary, and late on Mr. Darby. Why he was so fortunate, and had been favoured with so high an honour, he was not able toguefs; he had heard indeed, on all hands, that he was an excellent officer; but considering how few other officers of equal Handing

A. 1780. DEBATES. g

ing had countenance under the present administration of the jfirft lord of the admiralty, the case was certainly singular.

When he said this, and when he called upon the noble Lord to Hate why Admiral Keppel, Lord Howe, Admiral Barrington,

Admiral Campbell, and Admiral Pigot, were unemployed, he did not mean to cast the least refledtton on any officers who were in service; others whom h'e had not the honour to be personally known to, he believed were equally objects of re-spedfc and esteem. He thought their serving their country at this moment, a matter of great merit, and they had his lin-cere good wilshes; he only desired, that all the ability of the profession might be exercised for the public good, and that by a due distribution of rewards and punishments, the ancient and noble spirit of the British navy might be revived and carried as high as it was lall war, when all Europe saw the glory we had obtained at sea with wonder and with envy.

He took occasion, in the coqrfe of his speech, to remark on the very extraordinary event of the campaign of 1779, declaring, that the people of England, after voting and providing sums uncommonly large, and beyond all precedent for the service of our fleet, had been witnesses to the shameful circumstance of the western squadron, the great home security of the country, flying up its own Channel, to avoid a foe of greater force in pursuit of it. Was this a proof of the care of admiralty ? Was this the testimony of their prosper application of the fume voted for the navy, which the noble Lord alluded to ? Besides, if common report was to be credited, if what almost every man one met was to be relied on, at this, moment the western squadron were in the chops of the Channel, incapable of getting higher, and not daring to keep their proper station, because a superior fleet of the enemy was out, convoying a fle^t of French merchantmen,

Ac. to such ports as France had in the Channel. After dwelling a short time upon this, Mr. Townshend concluded with a declaration, that he expelled to have an answer to his questions.

Lord Lisburne said, he was always ready to answer with Lord Lif-the utmost candour and fairness, to such questions as he had burM* it in his power to reply to; That with regard to Admiral Keppel, Lord Howe, and some other Admirals alluded to, he could only say, that one of them, with whom he had the happiness to live in friendship, had been with him that day, and had authorised him to declare, that he was willing to serve as second in command, upon any service, but that he did not chufc to accept of a command in chief. The reason

they

*o6 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1780.

the admiral assigned, was, his Lordship observed, rather a proof his own modesty, than any thing else, the admiral having excused taking a command in chief, on the plea that his talents were not equal to it. Upon being called upon across the House, his Lordship said, he alluded to Adjpinii Barrington, who it was well Known had been more than once preE'ed to accept the comiqand of the western squadroo. With regard to the other admirals alluded to, they 60a private motives, best known to themselves, had declined to serve. As to the half-pay lift, his Lordship said, he believed as many old officers, whose age, health and abilities would allow them to serve were in the service. In reference to flag-officers, he was pretty sure, (exckiflve of those meptifco-ed by the honourable gentleman, and whom he hod already described as officers who from private motives, best known to themselves, declined serving,) that nearly all who were from the llate of their health and faculties capable of bei&g employed, were employed. And as to the promotions, at late years it had been a custom to promote the officers of the navy in general according to their seniority, unless in-cases t>T extraordinary merit. Formerly, he believed* the custom had been to elect feme and pass by others, which, except on* der particular circumstances, was surely a little unfair.

Mr. B.Gas* Mr. B: Gafccigne got up and said, as from his connection

<ngu. with the admiralty, it might at times be in his power to fa-' tisfy the House, he should always be willing to give the House information when he could do so. The noble Lord had omitted a part of the answer due to the honourable gentleman, relative to the large half-pay lift, and that was, that all the captains upon the impress service, were still on the half-pay lift. It therefore seemed as if less of the old officers were in altual service than there really were; since ih all the great ports and towns the duty of the impress service was committed to captains, who, according to the rule of the service, received their half-pay as well as other pay: ia finall places lieutenants did the duty. Another part of the honourable gentleman’s speech seemed to merit feme notice, and that was, with regard to the report of our fleet’s being in the chops of the Channel, not daring to keep their destined *station, on account of a superior fleet of the enemy being at sea. Before he could credit this, Mr. Gascoigo. said, he mufehave it well authenticated; at present he did not beUevc it, nor was he inclined to do fe, ’till he should hear it in such a manner as spoke good information. But from his

knowledge

*07

A. 178b* DEBATES.

knowledge of the bravery, zeal, and good wishes Of the officers of the western iquadron now at sea, he was perfectly con-t vmced, that let the force of the enemy be superior or not, ffie fleet Of England, under its present commanders, would never jdftify an- accusation of fkuking from its Station for fear of ift enemy.

Mr.yT«wrr/htnd expressed fomeriurprize at what he had heard Mr. Tm*/-ftkttioe to officers on the itnprefs service, receiving both full W. and half pay. He also hogged the committee to recoiled that-be had not tried the term Jkulking in what he had said itetotivt to the present situation of the fleet of England, as report Stated it to be, or of the motives which occasioned that fittfettofti He was exceedingly far from supposing, that the Officers OH board the fleet, would on any occasion act in such *manner, *6 to mem reproach. He therefore desired it to be remembered that the pretty word had been applied to the Beet by the honourable gentleman who fat at the board of admiralty, and not by him.

Mr. Gascoigne acknowledged that he bad tried the word, Mr.

bat he believed no man would fefriously imagine, that when Wife speaking in instification of the characters of the officers of the fleet, and in order to refeue them from the possibility. «f a bad impression operating to their prejudice, he could iftefth hitofeff by any word of an undignified nature to fix reproach and disgrace upon them. 'He had not picked his txpftftlbits, bat had talked of the fleet’s Skulking, the more ftrooger to mark his feiifeof their being incapable of such condoft : perhaps-if he had called it a discreet retreat, his expression wOnW have bean more suitable.

Lord Norlktofe to defend the admiralty from the'suspicions Lord North* which he said, he was fbrry to foe the honourable gentleman.

Who fpdke first in reply to the noble lord near him, entertained, voder an idea that more makers and commanders and more captains were made, than was necessary, or in fa& that their promotions were mere election jobs. His lordship declared, if the entire lift was referred to, the contrary would apjfear to be the case. That upon looking over those promotions of the* last year, which he had in his hand, this waa trklehc. In the course of the last year, the greater part of tlririe protected, at least one half, were promotions made by ‘the co&rtnaoders in chief at sea, who had a power of making •pefr captains, and inafters and commanders, as occasion of-•fered. That this power had long been vested in our naval commanders, but that the admiralty had done all they pof-.

*oS PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780-

sibly could to restrain the abuse of it, and had lately in a great measure effected this by issuing an order, that neither any pod captains, nor any matters or commanders, should be made by commanders at lea, excepting only in the twoeafes of death, and schtence of death, incapacity, or suspension, by a court-martial. From the lift of the promotions of the last year it appeared, that a full half were promotions*at sea, and that the other half were promotions of gentlemen who had done their country such very sign&l and eminent fervi-ces, as made reward highly necessary, and would have rendered it a matter of censure and blame in the admiralty, had they passed the services over in silence, for which services the promotions were given. In order to satisfy the committee fully, his lordship read over the names of all that had been made post-captains and matters and commanders in the coferfc of the last year, as well those promoted at sea, as those promoted by the admiralty. Among the Utter, were the lieutenant of the Quebec, the lieutenant of the Serapis, the lieutenant of the Apollo several other officers who had greatly distinguished themselves, and the honourable James Luttrell, whom his lordship described as a very worthy and deserving member of that House. There was scarcely one, the mention of whose name and the ship he had belonged to, did not call to mind forae glorious action, performed by the officer named, in the course of the present war.

Mr. F$x. Mr. Fox said, he thought it fieceftary to repeat what he had stated to the committee when they first took the navy supply into consideration on a former day, viz. that though he did not object to it, he acquiefccd in it under an idea that it was generally understood that the late proceedings of the admiralty would be made the subject of an enquiry, and that the House would proceed to examine on a future day by whose advice it was, that his Majesty had conferred a post of distinguished honour and emolument on a person convicted of having preferred a malicious and ill-founded accusation against his superior officer, for dNurent- Lord Nugent spoke to order. His lordship, with great eaT-neftness, begged, for the honour and dignity of the House, that every matter which led to angry difeuffion, and personal abuse, might be avoided. He laid, it was gentlemen suffering their good sense and sober judgment to be loft in the rage of party altercation, during the last Parliament, which had disgraced that f-^ouse in the eyes of all the world. Did gentlemen consider, that every thing said within those walls

A. 1780. DEBATES.'

walls was sent abroad, Jras translated, and was read by every min, foreigner as well as native, who could get at a common newspaper. From the personal abuse thrown out'in the last Parliament, the inhabitants of other countries were led no longer to regard the members of that House as the judicious, and grave representatives of a great, a mighty, and a free people; they thought the British Parliament had loft its honour and dignity, and that its ordinances and re-folvcs were no longer the resultof that deliberation and cooU ness, which are the essential chara&erifticks of national wisdom and true greatness. He hoped to God, therefore, that gentlemen would, from a fenfc of the hpnour and dignity of parliament, not convert that House into a Polish Diet, and make the nccclTary qualifications of an orator within those walls, not the best and most intimate acquaintance with the works of Cicero and Demosthenes, but the greatest proficiency and the most perfeCl skill acquired in the school of Mr. Angelo and other mailers of defence. If matters went on thus, the whole scheme of political education would he turned topsy turvy, and that member only would in future be

qualified to be first lord of the treasury, who was the best fencing master in the kingdom.

Sir Robert Smith called Lord Nugent to order. He in-Sir filled upon it, that his honourable friend had not been disorderly in what he had laid, and that the noble lord was not warranted in interrupting him. It wjs perfectly fair, perfectly in order (as his honourable friend had done) when a question rCfpccting the navy was before the committee, to go into a difeuifion of tile rewards and punishments bellowed on naval officers. It was not merely hulks of fiiips and guns that male the navy of England, it was thespirit and honour of the officers and the men, and when they were damped, the navy was sure to be ruined.

Lord Nugent rose again and laid, the only reason of his Lord.Afyr#n/$ In errupting the honourable gentleman had been from an initiate and mod sincere wifii to prelcrvc that general peace, good humour, and temper, within those walls, which alone could give dignity to debate, and assist the public bufinest, in the eyes of Europe, by shewing, that the British Parliament was nnanimously inclined to proceed in the war, and to forward i:s operations, however debates might arise as to the manner of doing this) He protested he had a very great respect for the honourable gentleman and for his extraordinary talents; but it was from a painful remembrance of what had Vol. XVIII. Ec already

fid

PARLIAMENTARY.

A. 1780,

Mr*

already past, and a fear of fitnilar consequences which might end more fatally, that he had interrupted him where he had. Let gentlemen consider, how important it was to preserve the honour and dignity of the House from such injury as it mull ever receive, when matters were carried to the length that they had been carried to last year; exclusive of the lefii important, though very serious matter, the chance the House ran of having two of its members lose their lives. It was from these feelings that he had spoken before, and he hoped to God, what he Jiad said, would jneet with due attention.

Mr. Fox refujned his argument, and said, he had possibly, the h<

he was free to confess, in

leat of debate, frequently

transgrelTed the orders of that House, and been often carried farther than he ought to have been; but if saying a thing deliberately, if saying a thing in cool moments, when nothing had happened in the course of a debate which could justify* heat and betray a man into refentqienr, made it worse, or more wrong than it was at any other time, he, in defiance of that conviction, was ready now, seriously, deliberately, and coolly, to repeat what he had before said^ and why ?—Be-cause he was conscious he was perfectly in ord^r so to do, and he appealed to the committee whether he had given the least occasion for the noble lord, or for any other person to call him to order. Every word the noble lord had said referred to matters of a nature perfectly private, matters with which neither that House, nor any committee of that Hotife, had any concern; miners which fell not within the scope of parliamentary debate in any sense whatever. He had said before, the very fa ire words, and to the very fame effeCl which he was beginning 10 repeat, when the noble lord interrupted him. If it had been wrong, if it had been difoi*-derly in ittelf, it was as much Jo on the former day when he first mentioned it, as it could be now, and the former day, in that case, would have been the time to have cabled him to order upon it. He had before avowed, and he begged leave now to repeat the avowal, that he never in that •House meant any thing personal; he never laid a word, which any man had a right to take as an affront to him as a private gentleman, because he never said a word which was intended to carry any such import; as well might the noble lord in the blue ribband say when he was arraigning his public conduct as a minister, that he was affronting and intuiting him as a man. The noble lord knew parliamentary or-1 ' ‘ dqi

I

A. 1780. DEBATES. an

der better, the noble lord, he saw, had looked to the motion when he had been called to order, and had not the noble lord’s good sense and judgment told him that he was speaking strictly to the question, and that he was not disorderly, the noble lord would undoubtedly have risen himself to have called him to order: he therefore should pursue his subject, and he begged once for all, gentlemen would hold in their minds, that he never would be deterred from speaking his sentiments fully and freely in that House, by any dread of consequences personal to himself, consequonces which it would be madness for him to wish to incur, or for any man to take pains to draw upon himself. It was therefore in ftriflness of duty to his constituents, in conformity to his duty as a member of parliament, that he recurred to What he had before said, and for this good reason, which his honourable friend near him had suggestsd, that it was not^iricrely fails and mails, rigging, and hulks; it was not merely yards and timber, that made the navy of England; it was the spirit. and high sense of honour of its officers; a spirit and a sense of honour which could not exist, but under a proper administration of justice in the admiralty, by a proper distribution of rewards and punishments, How then was the navy to be expected to flourifo, when the person tonvicted of having preferred a false and malicious accusation against his superior officer, and who was barely acquitted when tried by a court-martial, upon charges exhibited against himself, was promoted to a post of distin&ion, of honour, and of profit; and here he begged leave to say, he did not blame that person; it was the first lord of the admiralty, the Earl of Sandwich, who was alone to blame, who ought to be made the subject of ‘that House’s enquiry ! What had been said formerly, when the accusation was first preferred against his honourable relation, Admiral Keppel, but that the accuser was the instrument, the admiralty were the principals ? It was they who suggested, who prompted, who spurred on the accusation } It was attempted to be denied on the part of the ad-' miralty; but what would men say to it now, when the accuser, after being pronounced by the sense of one court-martial, a false and malicious accuser, and being barely, not honourably, acquitted by another, was rewarded with’an office of high honour, of great emolument! Whjit had been the accuser’s own sense of his conduct immediately after the first sentence was pronounced ? Had he not abdicated his feat io parliament) Had he not resigntd his feat at the admiralty-'

E c a board

*12

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

\>oard? Ha<)he not, to borrow a phrase from a* honourable gentlctnap, who spoke early in'th,e debase (apd for which be thanked hnn) made a discrect retreat fj$>m public notice? His honourable friend below him had aflf^d, why wu not > l^epjpcl, Lord Howe, and others employed ? His

honourable friend, from a lapic of memory only, had, he was-^fiifc, omitted to mention the name another great officer, who ought undoubtedly to h^v$ been employed; he meant Sir Robert Harlapd ?A But the motives why ihicfe great officers refused to serve, were obvious; they were not, as the noble lord had termed tjheqi,. private motives, they were public motives. The reaiun, was» they couhj not serve with confidence or with safety, admtnift^apon guilty of

convicted falsehoad, and gpilty not merely of notorious but of recorded treachery ! This wa,s the reason? the true, the qnly^ealbn! There were certainly in the fervicq several very i worthy and very respectable officers; men, whp having no I situation, like that of his honourable relation, had not the fame rilque to run. Men vyho bafj.noparliilirtcntary conncc-tions, no copnc&ions vy.hich rendered it, in their Qpjmonq likely t^at yuqifters should endeavour to ruiinncm. They had his ^pplause am) his thanks, for serving, heartily as that of an,y other member of parliament; as heartily as he gave his applause and his thanks to Sir George R/pdney, to vyhom .he had so repeatedly declared, and with (inicerity de-clarcdj that ^pplaute ,was eminently due. But ftjll no man that syished well to his country could avoid lamenting that it was impossible for the great and difanguUlied characters alluded to by his honourable fricru\, apd alluded to by hini,qtthis moment of exigency to serve their, poetry; every man that wished' well to his country, could not but moflanxiqufly cndcavourto remove that only bar to thpir service, the pa*c(t nt Skhninistration ! It was, he confccted, the, wifi* of his heart, his epustant endeavour, to do his country that eliential service, and therefore it was that he hoped al ter-the holidays, the, sentence of thq second court-martial, which had been re fused before, might be moved for, when he would n>ovc a question for an enquiry into the conduct of the Earl of Sandwich, and he made no ii. rupie to say, that his first and principal motive for it, was, that the first lord of the admiralty liad promoted to a pQft-of* cliftinguished honour, an kopojnraWe gentleman who had been convicted by a court-martial of having preferred a malicious and ill-founded charge against hisTuperiqr officer;

Ids fccopdary motive was, because tfiat the honourable gen-

tlemita

A.tjfr* DEBATES. |i|

tleman so promoted, when tried by a second court-martial* before whom charges had been exhibited against him, had been not honourably but only barely acquitted. Mr* Fo* concluded, after more observations and aftertions, with say«* ing, the enquiry was elTential to the public, and eftential to the navy, and that it ought to be brought on as soon as pot} lible after the holidays.

Lord North laid, that as the honourable gentleman had Lord suggested, whenever an enquiry into the conduct of adminU1 stration was brought on, either on the prefertt grounds, or on any other, he would not undoubtedly attempt to j%ry it by a call of order, by taking refuge under any form of the House, or by any ffyift of the question whatever. With re- gard to the present threatened enquiry he cared not how footy it was brought on; the l’ooner the better; he was ready to meet it fully apd frankly, to join issue upon it with the honourable gentleman, and go into an investigation of the merits without reserve. The honourable gentleman had declared he rested hlil reasons for thinking an enquiry necessary,

in the present case, principally on the sentence of the court-martial which tried Mr. Keppel, and in which sentence the pedon who preferred the charges against Mr Keppel, was pronounced a false and malicious accufcr; as the honourable gentleman meant to bring on an enquiry, he would not go into a very ample difeuilion of that point now, he would only faydhortly, what he had before said more at large, and should say more at large again; the court-martial was con- vei>ed for the purpose of trying Mr. Keppel, and not Sir Hugh Paliifer; the court-martial had a regular charge submitted to,their consideration and decilion against the one, they had no charge whatever before them aga inst the other; in pronouncing therefore sentence upon the motives of the accufcr, they had exceeded the line of their jurisdiction, and bad condemned a man unheard, who had no opportunity of triaj, no opportunity of entering upon his defence. With regard to the n>^in capfe upon which thq honourable gentle-, map had declared his eagerness for an enquiry, viz. the hav> inggiven Sir Hugh Paliifer, accused as he was by the fen- tence of Mr. Keppel’s court-martial, the government of Greenwich Hospital, he was ready to avow his share of $hp measure, and to defend and support it in that House, ..or, wherever it should happen to be agitated. The houopr^le gentleman had principally dwelt upon the sentence of thCv court-iiutrtial^ and h^djern^cd the words of the court-martial v which

3

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

which tried Sir Hugh Palliser,' a bare acquittal, He saw the matter in a very different point of view, and lie read the sentence under a widely different construction. What were-the Words of the former part of it}

cc That the court having taken the whole of the evidence into confederation, both on the part of the prosecution as well as in favour of the prisoner, were of opinion, so far from the conduct of Sir Hugh Palliser, Vice Admiral of the Blue, being represensible on the 27th and 28th of July, that in many parts thereof, it appeared exemplary and highly meritorious."

If he understood the meaning of the word meritorious, according to its true acceptation, it was, that an officer whose conduct had been declared, after a most flriCl enquiry into it, to have been highly meritorious, was an officer who de-fferved reward; and that exemplary conduct meant such con-du£l as was a proper example for other officers to follow, and a fit objcCl for imitation. Under thi.*, which appeared to him to be the true and natural reading of the sentence, Sir Hugh Palliser was undoubtedly an objcCl of reward, and after his conduCl had been declared highly meritorious and exemplary, administration would have been criminally neglectful not to have given him reward; this, his lordship emphatically declared, was his opinion of the case; he avowed it fully, and he was ready to stand or fall by it.

Let gentlemen recoiled the peculiar circumstances that made Sir Hugh Palliser’s acquittal more than commonly honourable to him ? Let them call to mind the art that was used to set the public in a flame against him previous to his trial, the great pains that were taken to run him down, to Tender him the object of universal indignation ! Let gentlemen also call to mind, what was the language of even the other fide of the House on the subject of his impending trial. What had been said by an honourable gentleman, not at present 'in the House, but who, his lordship declared, he understood was soon to come among them again ? A gentleman of great eloquence, and of more than ordinary humanity sind benevolence of heart! " Don’t fend Sir Hugh Palliser to his trial! For God’s fake have mercy; men’s minds are so enflamed against Sir Hugh, that his judges cannot surmount their prejudices. If you fend him to trial now, let him be cither innocent or guilty, you fend him to certain ' death." When this language was recolleCled, surely every dispaffionatc man, every impartial ieader of the sentence,

would

U.

A* 1780. DEBATES.

would regard it under the circumstances in which Sir Hugh Pallifcr went to trial (for it was notoriously at his own request, and on his own repeated application, that he was tried) as ail acquittal which did him the highest honour, and which, it was the duty of the king’s ministers to pay proper attention to, and to follow with reward and honour.

With regard to the fort of reward that has been bestowed on Sir Hugh Palliser, his lordship laid, he was a little acto,-nished to hear that called in quest ion, after what had been said previous to the second court-martial, by the fame honourable gentleman, to whose speech in that House he had before alluded. That gentleman, with his usual benevolence, had " earneftiy recommended it to ministers, to apply to his Majesty to bestow upon Sir Hugh Palliser, for Him long and meritorious services previous to the 27th of July, an ample annuity or pension and this request he had pren-ed with all the force of his eloquence. How happened it then, that the tone was so different at present, when, if ha recollected rightlyj the government of Greenwich Hospital did not make a greater addition to the honourable admiral’s income, than about 600 or 700I. a year, his half-pay ? as a Vice Admiral, ceasing, from the hour of his promotion to Greenwich Hospital r

The honourable gentleman had used some very fine words against administration, words which certainly were very strong; but unfortunately there was not the leail truth in them. Speaking of those officers who refuled to serve, and who had been enumerated, he had said, the reason for their declining to serve was, 6< they had no confidence in administration, guilty of convicted falsehood and of recorded treachery." These expressions were certainly founding, but to what did they apply ? In what did the falsehood and treachery of administration consist ? An honourable gentleman who fpokc early in the debate, had said, that Admiral Kcp-pel and other officers, whose names had been mentioned, would be thought fit for Bedlam, if they served under the present ministry; now if it were poifible that the present ministry flood guilty of convicted falsehood and recorded treachery in the eyes of those gentlemen, it was surely equally' fair for him to say, that the present ministry would be nt for Bedlam if they employed those admirals; and that if they did, knowing their want of confidence in administration, they ought all to be sent to Bedlam together; but would the honourable gentleman say, that the having given the office of

governor

<u»

2i 6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

governor of Greenwich Hospital to Sir Hugh Palliser, had operated in Admiral Barrington’s mind, and induced him to decline the service. If that was the honourable gentleman’s deduction, he must contradict it, Admiral Barrington having agreed to lerve since that promotion took place. Upon its being laid across the House by Mr. Pox, " I used no such argument," his lordship laid, u I thought the honourable gentleman had; if he did not, I have only thrown away lb 5inany words."

His lordship, in the course of his speech, asserted very fully, that if1 blame was due 'upon Sir Hugh Palliser’s promotion to Greenwich Hospital, it was not solely imputable to the Earl of Sandwich; as first Lord of the Admiralty, that noble lord had undoubtedly the transaction to manage ostensibly, but no message had been carried to his Majesty upon the subject, before the whole business had been con-fulted and conferred on by others of his Majesty’s ministers; he was one consulted; he advised and acceded to the measurC, as well as his brethren in office; he made not the least scruple to avow it; he had stated generally his motives for having lb ♦ acted; he was conscious of having acted a becoming part, and <from that consciousness he was ready to meet any enquiry upon the subject, and he wished that enquiry might be fooa instituted.

Sir 1 Hugh' Sir Hugh Palliser role, and began with a declaration that

FsUifer. the honourable member in his eye [Mr. Fox] had given him abundant cause for calling him to order, had he chosen to do it, but that he had fat a patient auditor, that the honourable gentleman might know he was not afraid to hear any thing he could say of him, at any time, in any place, or on any occasion. Such attacks as the honourable gentleman had now thought proper to make on him, he understood had. been frequent in that House, while he was absent, and incapable of defending himself. The manliness of such conduct he left to the consideration of others; but being aware of his own im-perfedlions, knowing how unqualified he was to speak in public, both from want of custom and want of ability, and ex-.pedting that the virulence which didfated former attacks would'occasion a renewal of them that day, he had committed a few thoughts and ohfrrvalions to writing, which.he trusted the House would grant him'permission to read, as some defence of the moil injured character in the kingdom.

To the noble Lord [Lord North j who fat near him, he thought himself highly indebted, for the handfbme and very

able

A. i?8.<* D E B A T E

able manner in which he had supportod his cause, and controverted the arguments of his enemies; to the noble Lord* therefore, some apology was due, for the similarity to his speech, that would appear in parts of the manuscript lie was about to read, which having been drawn up before he had heard the noble Lord, woula undoubtedly llrike the hearers* as containing somewhat of the fame chain of reasoning, n

After this exordium, Sir Hugh began to read a long speech .from written notes. He began with Hating, that he felt the less wonder at the misconception of the pur blic, as to the motives that impelled him to prefer the ac-r cufations against Admiral Keppet, which had made so much noise, and loaded him with so much misfortune, because he never had explained them himself. When the proper opportunity offered for justifyinghimself, he had endeavoured to profit oy it, but it had been witheld from him. Since that time; various reasons had co-operated to induce him, great as the sacrifice was, to remain a silent sufferer, rather than toen-crease the popular disconterits, by attempting to oppose a patty too powerful for him to contend with, under any expiation of fnccefs. It was not now his desire to give fresh rage to popular phreftzy; but not to say something in his own defence, he Conceived, would be considered as a tacit admrflion of that baseness and criminality, which had been so cruelly, fb fallely, andfounjuftly, imputed to him, both within doors and wieiotit.

The justification of himself, and the defence of the mo-' tives upon which he acted, in preferring the aecufation against Admiral Keppcl, had been committed to paper, and tendered by him in person to the court-martial which tried the admiral, immediately after he had declared, he had closed the evidence he meant to adduce in support of the aecufation. The Court seemed inclined to admit it, but Adnttral Kcppcl denied his right to make any comment upon the merits, and ibid, he would oppose it to the la ft minute* After Ibme conference between the members of the court-martial, Admiral Montagu said, "when the w’itnesses in support of the defence were £H examined, he should he ready to hear every thing the prosecutor had to say." This declaration was apparently acquicfced in by the rest of the court, and therefore Sir Hugh declared, he was milled into an idex'that he should be folly heard*; in confluence of which he abandoned a design he had formed of quitting the court immediately upon their denial to admit his paper (of the contents of which they were Vot* XVllL Ff altogether

le

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178*.

altogether unapprized,) and of p rote (ling against the irregularity of their proceedings, of which their conduit had fur-

• niftied him with various instances. For the ascertainment of the words of Admiral Montagu, Sir Hugh said, he was ro-debted to the admiral's own account of the trial, the words having been, by order of the court, expunged from the judge-advbcate's minutes published, by authority of the court* Having waited till Admiral Keppel had declared his evidence closed, Sir Hugh said, he again offered to address the court with some observations, but that Admiral Keppel again refitted the endeavour, and the court, although one of its own members [Admiral Montagu] had promised he should be heard when the evidence for the defence was closed, resolved not to hear him; and three days afterwards delivered their judgment, by which, contrary to all justice, the accused was acquitted, and the acculer convilied without a trial, and without being heard, either in explanation, or justif&cation of the motives upon which he had grounded his accusation.

After a few words upon this part of the conduit of Admiral Keppel's court-martial, Sir Hugh said, extraordinary as these proceedings were, it was on the ground of these proceedings only, that the honourable gentleman, who spoke lately, had 10 frequently attacked him, and had given no-

tice to the House of his intention to pursue him ttiii further, to impeach one of the King's minitters, and give the final blow to his destruction. Before, however, any honourable gentleman ventured to go so great a length, ho might possibly think it convenient to cohfider the difficulty of the talk he was about to undertake, and to weigh well the probability of his success. On a deliberate view of the whole matter, he flattered himself it would be felt, that whoever made die attempt, would have so many ttrange affertions to support, so many embarrafliag propositions 10 maintain, that it would not be an easy matter to discover a member of that House sufficiently confident to venture upon the talk. In order to give some idea of these difficulties,Sir Hugh begged to a(k the honourable gentleman, opposite to him, a fcW questions. Would the honourable gentleman say that it was consonant with justice to deny an accuser the right to reply to a defence criminating himself I Would he anert, that where, in the course of a public trial, there wete two accusers, it was fair to hear only one ? Would he maintain, that when a person accused defend* himself by recrimination, it was either just or candid to refuse to hear his pro-

fecutor,

A. 1780. p e b nr e s.

fccutor, in reply to that part of the defence which was found* ed on recrimination ? would he agree, that it was consonant with cooftitutional ideas of law and justice, to acquit the accused after a trial, and to condemn the accuser without a trial and without hearing his defence ? Had the honourable gentleman forgot, that since the Resolution, the twelve judges had signeid a paper, declaring their unanimous opinion that it was the undoubted right of a prosecutor, in case of high treason, to reply after a defence, and had the honourable gentleman forgot that Chief Just ice Holt was one of the twelve ? Was the honourable gentleman prepared to say that

£: volumes of State Trials did not abound with frequent in-nces of the exercise of this right, not merely in cases of high trcftion, but equally in cases of trial of offences of the highest, the middle, and the lower order : equally in cases of misdemeanor, felony and treason ? Was he ready to controvert the fad, that the late chief justice of the common pleas, when folicttor general, exercised the right in question, against a noble lord now living; and the still more recent fad, that the present chief justice of the common pleas, when solicitor general^ apologized in court for not exercising the fame right on the trial of the Duchess of Kingston ? Had the honourable gentleman forgot, that in the case of Mr. Horne, the right was challenged by the defendant; that the Court declared it would not bear an argument, and that the present lord chancellor, at that time attorney general, was allowed to reply, although no witnesses had /been examined by Mr. Horne, with a view to preclude a reply 00 the part of the crqpra ? Would he deny, that during the last Parliament, a member of - that House, who had preferred a very ferioua charge against a noble lord near him, had been indulged with replying to the defence made by the noble lord ? Would he deny, that in all land courts martial, the judge advocate, or whoever appeared and acted in the character of prosecutor, always replied to the defence ? Would he deny, that in naval courts martial the practice was common for the accuser to speak to the merits ? Would he deny, that Admiral Knowles, when he brought htt captains to trial, exercised this right ? Would he deny that Admiral Knowles’s captains, when they complained that their commander had endeavoured to shift the blame due to himself upon their shoulders, and demanded a court-martial upon him, were allowed to exercise this right without the least objection on four successive trials ? In p^fe of an impeachment of a minister, would not the honourable gentleman think the managers of that impeachment in the

F f House

le

PARLf AM£NTA'r¥

Bouse of Lords, had great reason to complain, if tHejpifcwe denied the right of replying, and were restricted folelv totfe examination of their witnesses ? Would he deny nilft the right given him by that chapter of Magna Charta, by which it was declared that no Englishmen Should be seizedf, or itfcpri-fpned'or deprived of his liberty, his property, or his geod name, without trial by his peers; and lastly, if the*Km*durable gentleman Shoiild ever himself be so unfortunate as be declared in that Hodfea false and malicious accuser, webWhc not think it. hard, to be deprived of the advantigb that riaturallyfelblj: from the use of his eloquence (whiclv had so often charmed the Hpufe, aml so often attaeked and"defeated <2ther&) in his own justification: ' ’

. Afldr speaking for some tirhe in this mariner, he dw & picture, as he called it, of the Eruption which Mr. Fofc Wold be in, Should he, after denying him thatT justide t?o which arery Enghfhman by the Conltitufcton of his cetontnr, and the humane Spirit* of its Jaws wiis entiftedj eye* be owr-whdmed*W a Similar pressure of misfortune. He reuatoded him,t flr Weruncertainty of human affairs* the strange i viciflitudbs which every man is born to undergo^ and which in the mbrf' unexpected moment often reversed a aan’s fortune, and from tho topmast round of honour and faccefs,

• plunged him into the lowed depth of misery and misfortune. After Hiddihghim a second time take notice that he had Warned him,'Sfr Hugh changed the mode of his reasoning, and said,J thht Instead of the argunun bomirtemy he would adopt the arguMentujn\ctd and said, i£ the bo-

ifoui'abte gentleman, notwithstanding his warning, ;S^ouU be hnrrieul avVay by the rage of party, by his zeal for the admiral, by his hatreds him, by his attachment to the cause itV Mtith he was engaged, or by any other motive, and ihoulcf pertift in declaring him to be a false and malicious*:-cuforj nay even if his committee of safety Shook! pubWh their afftrit to such a mockery of truth and he would

refy with confidence on the wisdom and equity 6f Parti*)*ru, add comfort himself with the assurance, that the House wooM ever protest the innocent, and distinguish* between dlaop-pressed and the criminal

Sir Hugh next said that he mud Claim the attention of the j committee to some general remarks upon the Yefpd&hrcroo- j du& of Admiral Keppel and himfeff, relative to die two courts j martial, and the motives and manned of thatconduct He bs-

A. nto. D& $ A T E Sf

jjan ttiis part of his argument with saying, that he deeply lamented the late dissentions and divisians in the nary, and that he \yas as willing as any man to sacrifice his private feelings to the public quiet; but there were some injuries which neither he, nor he imagined any Englishmen, could think it fitting or beneficial to the public interest^ to suffer patiently. Of this nature was the cruel advantage which had been taken of that part of the sentence' of Admiral Keppel’s court-martial, by lfchich he was declared i false and malicious accuser; of the ill foundation of the censure passed upon him by that sentence Re ha'd* already spoken on more than one ground, though the Incpmpetcijcy of the colirt to try him, much more to con-viffc him without trial, was a fufneieot invalidation of that part of tl^e sentence which respected him* If Admiral Kep-gePs friends were determined to persist in their perfecting spirit. and drive him out of his profefEon, he must ip his ^wn defence go into an explanation of the motives of his con-duff, 3ntl of the grounds upon which he had proceeded, in

preferring, the accusation ;--an explanation which might

poflibry render the Ad$iiral?s acquittal somewhat lei’s splendid and lets Honourable. This, however^ was not what he wished to.do; he was willing to close the seene, for the fake of national quiet, and would forget past injuries, if his enc-jtnies would abstain from new provocations.

With regard to the two trials of Admiral Keppel and himself, he maintained, that they were so nearly correspondent in )their events that no man could detract from the innocence of one party' tried, without impeaching the innocence of the other. Both had been accusers, both had been accused; both had been tried, both had been acquitted. In their fates, there was not the Jeaft difference^ and if their motives were different, he trusted that his would be found to be the least exceptionable, when carididly examined. He was aware lie had been censured for having recriminated, but was recrimi-pation in no case justifiable } He did not prefer his charge till it was evident that it was the design of Admiral Keppel’s friends to ruin him, and by undermining arts to effe£i that jruin. In his own defence ne became an accuser, and when he did so, he did it openly and directly, in the character of public prosecutor. Admiral Keppel chose a contrary line of conduct; he began with suggestions and insinuations, and to the last never would, though repeatedly solicited, prefer a public-charge,but appeared as an evidence against him, thu$

uniting

s

22*

i

PARLIAMENTARY A-iyto*

cm ting the double char after of accufcr and witness, After argu,Hg this for fbme tim* very forcibly. Sir Hugh declared what his original opinion of the conduit of the Admiral on the 27th of July was. ' He said, he had ever considered, that the British fleet were led into allion in a disorderiy manner at first. That in the beginning of the day, there was too much confidence, too much contempt of the enemy; towards the close of it, too much awe, too much diffidence iq themselves. 7'hat they kept at too great a distance, and ailed with too much confusion. Immediately on the day of the action, his friendship and regard for the Admiral, the remembrance of his former services, and his great name in the world, inclined him to aferibe his conduit to error of judgment, to ill-health, to jll-advice, in short, to any thing but to criminality. That seeing mattprs in this light, though lie did not think the buhness of the day merited his approbation, he had rigidly abstained from censure, secret surmise, and underhand detraction. Nor had he at all changed his, opinion, or viewed Admiral KcppcFs conduit in the harffi, light in which it was exhibited in his accusation, till he was forced to consider it ip a very different point of view from that in which he was at-first inclined to regard it. At present, he had no wish to alter that part of the fen tepee of the first court-martial, which acquitted Admiral Keppel; he might err in his judgment, as to the validity of his charges, it was the justice of his motives alone that he infilled on* A/Imiral Keppel’s friends might load him with honours, they might celebrate his acquittal with votes of Parliament, with public illumination*, with city boxes, with triumphal cp-inmns, and they might commemorate the day of his aenuit* tal as an anniversary. He only begged them to desist from attacking him, from loading him with Unmerited invellive, from deeming him to lie, what he never had been, nor ever would be, a false and malicious accuser

Sir Hugh wound up his argument with controlling the different circumstances under which he and the admiral went to their respective trials. The admiral had all the prejudice or the nation on his fide, he was supported by the whole weight of opposition, and secretly assisted by many, who publicly avowed themselves the friends of government. Previous to his trial an all was obtained for trying him on shore, contrary to all precedent, and during his trial, he was kept in countenance by the presence of the leaders of the

opposition

A. 1780.

DEBATES.

opposition in both Houses. On the contrary, before hs 'Went to his trial, he was menaced for desiring one, and every means were used to prevent it from taking place. The public were inflamed against him by the vote in favour of Admiral Keppet, and he was rendered the object of general o jium^ by every poifible art that could promote such a purpose; even his judges were attempted to be prejudiced against him. Under all these disadvantages, therefore, Sir Hugh said, he considered his acquittal as the mofl honourable circumstance of his life, and he flattered himself, if the Houte should think an inquiry into the two courts martial necessary, he should not, when that enquiry was over, if it were fairly gone into, be deemed a false and malicious accuser.

Admiral Keppel said, he could not fit (till after what had passed; he mull rife and say a few words on the occasion, Dut they should be only a few. He would not follow the governor of Greenwich-Hospital (by which name in future he would always call the honourable gentleman, and by no #ther): he would not follow the governor of Greenwich-Hospital through his long detail; it was unnecessary. With regard to the act for trying him on (bore, he thought himself highly indebted to the House for their humanity, and he should ever remember it with the warmest gratitude; in the condition, in which he then was, had he not been tried oa (bore, his life, let the sentence have been what it might, would have paid the forfeit; he could not have survived it; he wfrs sure he should have died. The governor of Gxeeiy-wich-Hospital, as well as he, had been tried. Upon the sentence of the two courts martial he flood, and by their judgments he would abide. One of them had acquitted him honourably, and had deemed the governor of Greenwich-Ho-spital a false and malicious accuser. He knew as little as the governor of Greenwich-Hospital, perhaps less, what the fen-ttnee would be before it was delivered. Had it been pofEblc. for him to have suggested the wording of it, false and malicious were the terms he should probably have applied to the accusation, because those terms best expressed his fenle of it. What the idea of the governor of Green wich-Hospital was, relative to the accusation, and relative to the sentence, previous to the delivery of the latter, he knew not, but he re* membered, that the governor of Queenwich-Hospital was out of court, and did not flay to hear the sentenge. He had the utrnoft reverence for the wisdom and justice of his judges

~-the

224

PARLIAMENTARY A. ifa

—the utmost gratitude for the favours of that House, and for the applauie of his country. The governor of Greenwich-Hospital had attacked the impartiality of the one, and questioned the good fcnfe of the others. The greatest part of the long detail read to the House by the governor of Greenwich Hospital was composed of arguments against the competency of the court-martial by which he was tried, and against the fairness and regularity of its proceedings. Those proceedings were before the public; every man was capable of judging how far they were liable to challenge or toquestion, but there was but one way of coming at the motives which influenced the court-martial, and occasioned the sentence to be worded as it was; to that one way he had not the slighted objection.

" Absolve the members of the court-martial from their oath; call them to the bar of the House, and enter into a full and free examination of every one of them." To this he was ready to consent, and by this means, and this' onlji could the real impulse which directed their condtnft be discovered. The governor of Greenwich-Hospital had termed bio* k an accuser; he never had been an accuser; it never had entered into his head <o accuse the governor of Greenwich-Ho-spital. He did not entirely approve his conduct; hut the governor of Green vvich-Hospital being his inferior officer, he thought he could at any time, as he had before said in that, House, put him by with a fillip. In part of the detail read by the governor of Greenwich-Hospital, a great many menaces were thrown out by way of coming to terms; and it wa? threatened that if Admiral Keppel’s friends did this,- or that, I or the other, then the governor of Greenwich-Hospital would do so and so. Admiral Keppel*s friends were out of i question; Admiral Keppel was present to answer for hirefelr; and Admiral Keppel would never accept of any corapronuic I offered by the governor of Greenwich-Hospital. Admiral i Keppcl’s conduct was before the public, they would judge of it, and draw their own inference respecting it. With regard to any future enquiry, he was ready to meet it; be had gone through one trial with honour, and he did not doubt but he should come from a second equally clean and unfilled, but for the future he begged the House to know, once for alj, that he should not hold himself bound to reply to any i thing laid by the governor of Greenwich-'Hospital; it wasiK his opinion indecent to take up the time of the House with his private concerns and altercations/' He flood. publitf

i

A, 1780. DEBATES* *2$

ground, and that was the light in which he had always considered himself. The single thing he had to reproach himself with was, his letter to the admiralty immediately after the affiur of the 27th of July. That letter did not contain the real sentiments of his heart. His secretary knew what he said to be true; his secretary was ready to take his oath in any court in the kingdom that the letter which he first wrote, and that which he sent to the admiralty, were widely different. The first contained his genuine sentiments, dictated by those feelings which arose from an immediate conviction of the consequence of the governor of Greenwich-Hospital’s conduct. The second gave him more trouble than any matter he had ever engaged in His friendship, his good nature, i the regard which he then had for the governor of Greenwich-Hospital, his opinion of that officer’s gallantry, all got the better of his justice, and the truth was, after altering and altering the letter, he made a fad piece of work of it; he could only say, he would never fall into a similar error.

The admiral said farther, that before he had heard the (peech of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, and the long detail read by the governor of Greenwich Hospital, it was his intention to have said something relative to the immediate buGness of the day. What had fallen in the course of the debate had drawn his attention another way. With regard to what had been said by his honourable relation near him, relative to the convicted faUhood and the recorded treachery of the first lord of the admiralty, he believed the first lord of the admiralty was so far liable to the imputation, that he was capable of being guilty of just as much treachery as any man could practise without rendering himself liable to a trial in a court of law, and incurring a legal punishment. This opinion, though justified by personal experience on his patt, was by no means a new idea. His honourable relation near him had, in consequence of his entertaining this idea, cen-fored him for taking a command under the present'adtnini-flration, when he, from a wish to serve his country in an hour of difficulty, which ever had, and ever would weigh with him above all private or personal confederations, engaged to go out on board the Victory. His honourable relation had told him in direct terms, that the admiralty board was not to be trusted, that the presidi.ng lord would first deceive and then betray him. His honourable relation’s advice he had originally paid less attention to, than he generally did, to every thing which came from the same quarter; he Vol. XVIII. G g imputed

L.

aa6 PARLIAMENTARY A.

rmpufed it at the tittle, partly W overzeal for his honour and his interest, and partly to Want of sufficient confix dence in those under whom he was to be employed. Experience however had proved it to be true, and whatever colon* the admiralty might artfully have contrived to put upon their conduct hitherto, what had passed in the House that day, would open the eyes of the public, and shew the fa& as it ias. An honourable friend of his, had spoken early in the debate j and asked, why were not certain admirals whom he had mentioned by. name, employed } He was ready to joia in the fame question. As to himself, he thanked his honotl*-rable fricpd for the respectful manner in which he had allud*>

' ed to him, but his serving again under the prefect adminitration was out of the question; it was impossible: but he could not but alk why Sir Robert Harland, and other officers, men every way his superiors in professional Hull, were un* employed. He meant neither difrefpcdt nor disparagement to those on board the fleets; many of them he knew to be brave worthy men, but without naming, particular persons, he would take upon him to say, that thcrfe were abler officer* now on Hi ore than at sea, and he challenged the whole board of admiralty to controvert the after tion he would enter upon the comparison immediately, and would undertake to pair them, if his challenge should be accepted.

The Koa. The Honourable John rose immediately after

j6b*T<M>*Admiral Keppel, and said, he was at a loss to determine in 'fxMd. y^hat light he was to consider the long manufeript read to the committee by the vice admiral opposite to him; at one' time he had been induced to regard it rather as an add ref* than a speech, but then, though clearly it was not the latter, k did* not directly fall within the description of the former; of such addreftes at least, as generally were/ent up to St. James’s from that House in answer to a speech from the throne; all those addresses were entitled humble addresses, an epithet, which certainly had no relation either to the matter read to the House by the vice-admiral, or the manner, in which that matter was recked. Again, an address of the House in answer to a speech from the throne, was generally considered as an echo to the speech now the vice-admiral’* address was clearly written previous to his Honourable friendV [Mr. Fox’s] speech of that day, to which, by the vice* admi* ral’s introdu&ory words he meant i\ to apply. It could not therefore be considered as an echo to that speech, unless it was admitted under an Irish construction, and was allowed

. *to

A. 17*0, B E- A T XS."

to be ao echo to a spe$ch before, it wat made. He wa« per* fuaded, however, that bad theviar-admiral heard his honoerr* able friend’s Ipeech, or known what he meant to fey upon the occasion, previous to his having his, address committed to .paper, the address he had read would -not harre been the reply be would haye thought fit. to make to his honourable friend’s argument. The vice-admiral’s conduct bad surprized him extremely, nor could he solve it by any of the common rules of reasoning; his honourable friend, in answer to the very extraordinary interpolation and interruption which the Hpufe.had witnessed, had declared his intention of exercising the freedom of debate in its. true ienfe, viz. .that of avoiding personal offence, and at the feme >time of supporting and ' maintaining the undoubted right of every member of that Houft, to difeufs matters of public authority, matters of public record, without reserve. He for one, cordially and heartily subscribed.to this doctrine, andihe meant,.in his future parliamentary copdufl to adhere to it in its fulled extent. The trials of Admiral Keppel and Sir Hugh Palh*$r, and the respective sentences passed upon those two officers, were matters of public record, and as such, be should, without meaning to offer the least personal offence to cither, advert to with the utmost freedom as often as the subject should come under difeuffion either within those walls or without doors. When, upon referring to those sentences, he few that one admiral Was mod honourably acquitted, and the other declared afalfe^ and malicious accuser, he thought himself warranted, to adopt the word* of either sentence, and to quote them on .any occasion without question, .because .he had always un-detstood that matters of judicial record, were matters of ^public coaverfatioB. and that every man- might advert to ;them in what manner he thought proper. Considering the whole of the case as it flood, he could not, he repeated it, suppress his astonishment at the language held by the governor of Greenwich Hospital* Had the honourable gentleman. Succeeded in his accusation, had be made it out, had he been able to prove, by competent evidence, that die person he charged was.an unskilful officer, that he had been guilty of treachery,/that he was a betrayer of his country, that he had departed from his allegiance, and had either for a bribe, from of flail, or from baseness, abandoned her defence .and'suffered victory to escape him, when it was in his reach, all the kingdom would have united in giving him due -praises, in returning him loud thanks and applause for having deteCl-

G g 2cd

Jtf8

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

cd a dangerous traitor, and for having brought hi to to his merited and to condign puniftupent. If such had been the case, Mr. Townshend asked, would the vice admiral have, thought himself ill-used, had that House, of the public at large, been niggards in applause.? Would not he have had a right to expect every epithet of praise, every expression that the language could convey of approbation

Taking the matter therefore in this light, what was not to be expected, when the reverie of the picture was the true representation of what had patted ? When so far from the honourable admiral near him having been convicded of neg-left or ill conduct, the court-martial had pronounced most honourably in his favour, and had condemned his accuier, as a man guilty of a false and malicious accusation. Under such a featence, ought not the vice admiral to feel himself ’ happy at his honourable friend’s declaration, that he meant not to attack him, but that his reproaches should be directed. fojely against the first lord of the admiralty, whom he considered as the principal cause of all the mischief! Ought not the vice admiral, instead of holding an indignant and re- fentful language, to feel his honourable*friend’s forbearance, as the greatest favour that could be done him, and to bow to it with the profoundest humility, and the profoundest gratitude

Having urged this argument pretty strongly, Mr. Towns- v hend said, Sir Hugh Palliser’s silence immediately after the, sentence of the court-martial was known, his resignation of his lieutenant generalship of marines, his retirement from parliament at that time, and his high tone now, all re* minded him of a seene between two characters in a play, which he had often laughed at, and he doubted not every gentleman present had frequently done the fame. In the play [the Old Bachelor] he alluded to, a bluflering being [Noll Bluff] was kicked and disgraced at one period of the plot, which he suffered with the utmost patience, and without attempting either to defend himself or to retaliate on his assailant, but, in a subsequent seene, in which a dialogue ensues between the bully and his friend Sir Joseph, [Sir Joseph Wittol,] the former grows angry, and fays, " Death and hell, to be affronted thus ! I’ll die before I’ll suffer it." Sir Joseph endeavours to persuade him, not to Tcvive what had disgraced him, and what was then past remedy, and asks him, whether he was not " abused, cuffed, and kicked r" To which the bully fiprears, By the imrnor- tal

229

A. 1780. DEBATES.

t?l thunder of great guns, ’tis false," and draws his sword.

Sir Joseph begs him not to be in a passion, and fays, " Put up, put up." The bully replies, tc By heaven, ’tis not to be put up." Sir Joseph lays in answer,—c< What ?" The bully replies, " The affront." Sir Joseph then adds,—- —

<c That’s put up already; thy sword I mean, put up, put up your sword." This seene, Mr. Townshend said, struck him as a strong resemblance of the vice admiral’s conduCf; he adviled him, therefore, to put up his anger, and think himself well off to rest as he was.

Mr. Smith rose next, and observed, that the noble Lord, Mr. Smith, [Lord North,] in his speech, had chiefly confined himself to the sentence of one of the two courts matrtial, and had, as it were, wholly passed by the other. The noble Lord had taken great pains to dwell upon that part of the sentence, which declared, that Sir Hugh Palliser €t had in many instances on the* 27th of July, shewn exemplary and highly meritorious conduct," but he had forgot, or chosen to drop all notice of that part of the sentence of the preceding court-martial, which declared, that the accusation against Admiral Keppel, was malicious and ill founded. The one was surely as strong as the other, and ought to weigh at least as muck with the House; but if the sentence passed by Admiral Kep-pel’s court-martial, was not sufficiently a proof of the vice admiral’s demerits, what inference was to be drawn from his own conduct, from his resignation of his lucrative fixations of lord of the admiralty and lieutenant general of marines, and from his withdrawing himself from public notice, by giving up his feat in parliament.

Lord Howe said a few words. The House anxious to hear Lord Hm. his lordship, delired him to raise his voice. His lordlhi^ laid, that he disclaimed all praise, and made no public declarations of the motives that induced him to quit his Majesty’s service. And he delired no persons would take the liberty of aferibing motives to him for not serving, which they could only speak to from conjecture.

Admiral Pigot avowed his former sentiments respecting Adm.p/£#<.

Sir Hugh Palliser.

Mr. Fox assured the governor of Greenwich Hospital, that Mr. Fox. he was not personally his enemy. He was mistaken if he thought that he could excite hatred in him, or any thing else. What he had said, was directed not against him, but his patron the Earl of Sandwich, first lord of the admiralty.

The honourable gentleman had complained of the liberties % that

PARLIAMENTARY A. .1789.

fhat hacPbeen taken yrith his name in his abfepce* He had said nothing in his absence that he had not said, and that he jyoiild pot now repeat, in his presence. But that gentleman Hood on particular ground, said Mr, Fox, when he complains of things said in his absence. For why was he absent} AVhy, but, as the honourable gentleman under the gallery bad well observed, that he dared not to face the indignant re* icntment of his country ? Mr, Fox approved also of another observation of that honourable gentleman, viz. That Sir Hugh had taken notice of the favourable Sentence pronounced for him, but not of that stigma which had been fixed on him ,by that honourable court that had acquitted Admiral Keppcl, jf the honourable gentleman might thus select what was in his own favour, in the decisions of courts martial, and re* je& what.was unfavourable, he,might indeed make up an argument from those detached parts in his own defence. But .it was a bad one; for,if he admitted the validity of the testi-tmony of courts {Partial in one instance, he ought(to admit it in every instance : but if he rcje&ed any part of the judgment rof Mr. Keppcl’s,court-martial, he plight and ought to reject the whole; and his honourable relation was not yet ,acquit* ,ted. He had hinted that he would bring the decision of that court under revision. He saw whereabouts he was.

have the majority in the Houfb of Commons on Qur fide, and jif Mr. KeppePs friends do not hold their tongues, we will .overturn a certain fcntedce of a court-martial. With regard to a court-martial that fat on the governor of Greenwich .Hospital, Mr. Fox asked whether there were pot any other officers of rank to be had than those that formed that court.? ^And whether there were not persons in that court, the choice rof whom fqr that bufiuefs, argued a diffidence in the justice of his cause ? It had been laid, that Sir Hugh had been justified in spite of a mighty influence that had arisen in the country against him. If they who maintained .this pofilion, nieancd an influence arising from all that was great and good and honourable in the nation, he was ready to allow it; but it was not a ministerial influence. It was,pot in of-pofirion to that, that he had been acquitted.

The noble lord had been .forward to claim a share.in the demerit of appointing Sir Hugh Pallifcr to the government of Greenwich Hospital, and let him take it, said Mr. Fqx, he is very welcome to it. The noble Lore}, who is master^of ' great ingenuity, affirms, that Sir Hugh Pa!lifer?s courtnipar-tial recommended him to preferment. If lb, why were mi-

niftry

A. 1780. T) 4E BATES.

niftry so'backward to promote him 5! Why were they so dilatory } Why did they meanly, and in a cowardly manner, desert him, and abandon him for so long a time, to a torrent of popular abuse and obloquy

The noble lord recolleCb what was said about two years ago, by an honourable gentleman of illustrious talents and virtue, concerning that unfortunate man, as he was then called, the governor now of Greenwich Hospital. That gentleman was not only for fudering him to retire in peace, and without any farther fttgma, but for even allowing hini an annuity for has comfortable subsistence, in consideration of the former merit of his anions. That honourable gentleman, in my opinion, went too far when he made such liberal coacessions; but even from that honourable gentleman’s good natured concessions, the noble lord does not reason justly; for it was never Mr. Burke’s meaning that’ Sir Hugh Palliser should receive any honorary reward, such as the government of Greenwich Hospital, and has always heen considered, but to make his life in some degree tolerable, by the enjoyment of an annuity or pension, or some' such thing.

The noble lord fays, thfct the government of Greenwich Hospital is not worth more than leven or eight hundred pounds a year. Admitted, laid Mr. Fox; but it is an honourable office, it is an office that has been held by Sir George Bryd-ges 'Rodney and Sir Charles Hardy, and that it is therefore very unfit to be held by the present governor. Were it fc-ven hundred^ or but seven pounds value in money, still it 19 an honourable place. It is a place that gives high rank in the navy. Mr. Fox then adverted to Lord North’s realbning on the observation he had made, that Lord Howe, Admiral KepptT, would be justly chargeable with madness, should they again ftrve under the direction of the present ministry, Would it not be as great madness, fays the noble lord, to employ agents who entertain such opinions of their employer^ who believe them to be false and treacherous 2

The noble lord does not vindicate ministry against the charge of treachery and fafehood, and his argument is this; We are false and treacherous, and we will not employ those who know us to be so. There may be ingenuity and wit in such replies, but there is little judgment. A joke is a poor con-lblation for the loss of so many gallant men as have been forced to quit the public ffirvice. The prime minister is contented with thO praise of being able to raise a laugh. He hopes.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

hopes, that if gentleman cannot say that he convinces their judgment, that they will at lead say, O belle concionaris!

Palte Mr. Pulteney agreed with the honourable gentleman who spoke lad, in thinking ininidry blameable in abandoning Sir Hugh Palliser so long to a torrent of unmerited popular abuse and obloquy. They ought to have done him judice sooner, and to have redored fan* *° all his offices. The revival of the conted between him and Mr. Keppel, was a thing extremely irksome and disagreeable. But a difeuffion of the matters that had been agitated that night, was to be expelled Tome time or other. It was unavoidable; and the sooner it was over, as he hoped it now was, the better. He maintained, that the sentences of courts martial, and of all courts, were subject to the revision of the nation at large; and that that Was the meaning of trials being carried on, not with (hut doors, but in public. Whoever read the trial of Admiral Keppel, would regard the sentence pronounced by the court, not separately, and by itself, but would pay a deference to it only as far as it arose out of the evidence by which it was supported, and on which it was founded.

The resolutions were agreed to without a division.

December C.

Min- The report of the committee of supply being brought up, the speaker put the question that it be now read.

Mr. Minchin said, hefelt himself under a peculiar difficulty. From the thinness of the House, and from what had been said in the course of the preceding day's debate, he saw clearly, that it was not a fit opportunity to go into a difeuffion of the estimates, then about to be voted, ana which, extraordinary as they were of themselves, were still more unaccountable than those of the last year. He wished to say a good deal upon them; reserving therefore to himself the right to enter upon them on a future occasion, which he trufled the House would allow him, he shouldonly for the present, ask a singlequestion of the noble Lord, who fat opposite to him, and he would not ferupie to confess, that his question arose from mere curiosity; he flattered himself therefore, the noble lord would satisfy him. Upon the estimates, among other charges,' there was one for the expence of a surgeon, agent, and purveyor, for Rhode-Island for the ensuing year. Were there really any such persons now at Rhode-Island

Lip Lord Lifhurne declared, he would most readily satisfy the honourable gentleman, had it been in his power. That he prefnmed, the estimate was made out and transactted to the

admiralty

U»

At 1780. l!) £ B A T 2£ 9*

admiralty office, after such an establishment had been made by the commander in chief at sea in America, and while Khode-Mand was in our poilession. He knew no otherwise, but he would esquire, and give the honourable gentleman every- satisfaction in his power.

Mr# W. H. Hartley. I do not rife to oppose the grant of mo- Mr. m H* ney to the naval service so eifential to the nation at this ipo ment, but I cannot let the report pass without lamenting that, while we are voting such large sums for the navy out of the pockets of our constituents, we find it still inadequate to the (itua-tion of the country. This -is more extraordinary after the boast we have heard some years-ago, that the British fleet would be fully able to cope with the united force of the House of Bourbon. Had not the first lord of the admiralty made this declaration, I should hold btm equally blameable, when our force is found inferior* as from him the nation has a right to expect a navy fufflciencly powerful, to support the honour and intercih of the kingdom. This House has never refused any money that has been required for the service of the navy, the noble lord therefore cannot assign any reason for not having it equal to the presentoccasion, but what mud imply either an inattention to the service,. or that he was unacquainted with the situation and designsof the House of Bour*

' bon. But, Sir, when we consider that those who now have the management of public affairs are the fame persons who. have for so many years directed the councils of thia nation, that under these ministers, we have been plunged into our prefenc situation, involved in a war with the* House of Bour-Don, brought on by the unfortunate dispute with our American colonies, contrary to every warning that has been given them and the consequences which were foretold would follow from such measures; w hen we consider chat with regard to our American .brethren they refused to attend to petitions or to grant any thing, when matters might have been settled by such proceedings, and offered more than was before desired when it could no longer have any effect, one can only wonder that the country submits to such treatment. When in the beginning of this session 1 ventured to read an address to give my sentiments upon the question of supply, I wished to doit to shew my readiness to support my country, though I at tb£ fame time expressed my disapprobation of the measures propo* fed. Could 1 have fecn any disposition towards peace, I should have tpken the liberty before the recess to have offered that _ motion to the consideration of the House, and my reason* were, that if ministry by agreeing to such an idea had shew-Vor.. XVIII. H h cd

*34

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780,

eda readiness to concur in preventing profufton, and even corrupt influence, which the money necessarily expended in the service of the date affords an opportunity of exerting by contract; had they also in general expressed a (incere desire of peace and reconciliation with America, we should have then something to inform our constiturrits of, in the country, by which they might hope to see the honour and prdfperity of our nation and its true interest supported. But, Sir* all they appear to have in view is obtaining votes for money and for force, which has not been refused them; they are therefore now infwerable for the proper u(e of both, and having taken the whole upon themselves the nation expedh from them to be safely extricated from its presentdifficulties. Thfe country at large, the eyes of the whole world; are upon this present Parliament. If we shall be attentive to the interests of the coudtry, if we hold the due balance between the prerogative of the crown, and the rights of the people, if we support the honour of the one, and>prote& the liberties of the other, we shall discharge our duty and be respe&ed; but if we follow that example of the last Parliament which I fear was too much the case j if instead of being jealous of any improper increase of the power of the crown, instead of restraining profu-fion we are only anxious to support that corrupt and dtfgrace-ful influence which ministers, regard lets of the true interests of their royal master, for their own advantages, are so desirous to promote, it will be time for the country to take care of it-' self, and some methods must betaken to icftore the conflitu* tion i for if corruption goes on in this House and the means to entering it are corrupted, we may have indeed the form of a free constitution, but the reality exists no longer. 1 will hope, Sir, however, that we shall not be reduced to this fixation, and that ministers for their own fakes, will take such steps as shall lead to honour and safety.

The at. The Right Hon. 7". Tmvn/hend fa id, the noble lord hon. v*. in the blue ribbon had, the preceding evening, by a stroke Trw^enJ. cf picafantry, got the laugh against him, upon one of hi* questi'ons; he was himself lo pleased with wit and humour, that he could not forbear joining in that laugh, and perhaps that was among the reatons which prevailed on him to forbear replying at the moment. It was, he owned, astonishing to him how the noble lord could have preserved his wit and humour unimpaired for so long a leries of years together. Let what would happen, the noble lord was ready with his joke. Amidil the various disasters of the war; amidst all the ruin whch had haftencd upon the country,

At 1780. DEBATES«

and amidd cvcrjr possible call for seriousness, the noble lord was prepared to treat each subject, let it be ever so important, ever so feripus in itfetf, as a matter of sport, of merriment, of repartee ! He, who though equally fond of wit and humour, was not so happily gifted with either, mud be allowed to take Up^matters in the dull dry manner in which they struck him, and for want, perhaps, of that luxuriant fancy, and that sportive imagination, which carried the noble lord with perfect case of mind through every difficulty, mud beg leave tQ consider things as they were. Thi noble lord had said, that administration would be mad, and fit for Bedlam, if they employed Lord Howe, who, greatly as it might be opposite to that noble lord's sentiments for him to mention;

: he mud ever speak of as an officer of the fird ability, of the fird skill; as an officer who was looked up to by his whole profession. The noble lord had laid also, that administration would be mad, and fit for Bedlam, if they employed Admiral Keppel, who fat under him. Admiral Campbell, Admiral Barrington, Sir Robert Harland, and several others whom he could mention. With regard to Admiral Keppel, he would not say what he thought of* his merit, hecause as he was so near him, he was fare he would quarrel with him far so doing : but whv was not Admiral Campbell employed ? Admiral Campbell was a gentleman unknown to him, but by public character, which spoke him one of the fird officers; this country ever had in her service. Admiral Campbell, he understood, had never declined serving, but had always pro-faffed himself ready and willing to go to sea. Oh ! but say* the noble lord, adipinistration would be mad, administra-‘tion would be fit for Bedlam if they employed such officers. In answer to this he could only say, that my Lord Anson, a remarkably dull fird lord of the admiralty, peculiarly unfar* tunate in his choice of flag officers, a man who was undoubtedly mad and fit for Bedlam, had thought otherwise of his honourable friend near him. Lord Anson, perhaps from his madness, and from his being fit for Bedlam, had wished te promote his honourable friend to a flag after the affair of BeUeiQc. The mad, the fit for Bedlam Lord Anson, had thought it entitled him to a flag, but the fjrirdof true (Economy which then reigned, not that farce of ceconomy now aAing, not that eagerness to save a penny when thousanefr and millions were waded, prevented the measure from immediately taking place. And when be talked of true (Economy, ho need only mention the name of Mr. Grenville, the H h a project or

*6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a,

proje&or of that ceconoray, to convince all who heard him that the oeconomy was real, that it was unaffc&ed, that it was such as answered every purpose proposed by it. The honour his honourable friend obtained at Belleiile, was int creased by the affair at the Havannah; and then, with a long lift of captains, his honourable friend was made an admiral. The plan last war, was to make no unneceifary promotions. Toemploy old officers. What was the plan now } We had sixty-one nag officers, and of them only twenty or thereabouts employed- Why was this} One of the questions he had asked the preceding day had been relative to the newly created captains, mailers and commanders. The noble ford, in reply to him, had produced a list and read the names of some officers of very distinguished merit to prove, that tb$ t admiralty promotions were not made without reason. He was free to confess it; he never had imagined they all were, but he was far from allowing that the rest of the noble lord’s answer, viz. that the greater part of the promotions were promotions at fca was true; at lead that it was so far true, that those promotions were the voluntary acts of the commanders who made them. He had been told again and again by officers, that they went out to sea loaded with persons recommended by ministers for promotion, and that it was a rule to consider those recommendations as the orders first to be ' attended to He therefore begged it might be understood, that he did not accept the noble lord’s explanation of this matter as a fair answer. Mr. Townshend took notice of the question put relative to the surgeon, agent, Ac. of Rhode-Island, and laid, that as the noble lord was not prepared with sufficient information to reply, he would readily agree,-that it was possible the establishment was made previous to ourlofsof the place. Nay, he %vould do more, if the noble lord would accept of a volunteer’s assistance he would furnish him with a precedent for the charge, and that was, a year or two ago, when all our fettkments in Africa, had been loft long before, an honourable gentleman in office, gravely came down to the House with an estimate, among others, of the expence of the governor, garrison, Ac. of Senegambia.

Ux. N»rtb. ^r* North Lid, he was perfectly confeious of his inability to take upon him the office of answering questions, to which it was expected the noble lord, to whom he was related, should reply; but as that noble lord was not prefect, he could not avoid riling to express his astonishment, that his honourable friend, of all gentlemen, should have so far mif-

understood

A* 1780. -DEBATES. a$y

understood his noble relation, as to have imagined, that in what had fallen from him the preceding day, he meant to convey any such idea as.that of saying, that administratioa would be mad, if they employed Lord Howe, Admiral Kep-pel. Admiral Campbell, and the other admirals alluded to.

The noble lord, he was perfectly convinced, bad not the moil distant intention of conveying any such insinuation to the committee; but as the honourable gentleman had in his speech declared, that certain admirals would be mad if they entered into the service of administr^tion, the noble lord, the course of his reply, had said, that if the admirals would be mad to serve under the present administration, it was certainly fair to argue, that the present admin id: ration would be mad to employ such admirals.

The question was after this put, and the report read and agreed to.

Lord North coming into the House, while the report was reading, Sir Robert Smith rose, and observed, that it had been frequently intimated in the course of the preceding day’s debate, that it was intended to go into an enquiry upon the subject of; Sir Hugh FJ lifer’s having been promoted to the government of Greenwich Hospital, notwithstanding the stigma under which he laboured, in consequence of the words of the sentence of that court-martial which had tried and acquitted Admiral Keppel. The governor of Greenwich, Hospital had, Sir Robert said, been defended flrcnuously by the noble lord in the blue ribbon, who had maintained that the governor had not barely been acquitted by the court-martial, by which he was. tried, but that his conduct had been declared to have been in some instances exemplary and highly meritorious. As it was necessary, previous to going Into the subject at all, that this sentence should be before the House, he therefore meant then to move, (which he should not have done, if the noble lord in the blue ribband had not been present) that the sentence of the court-martial, which tried Vice Admiral Sir, Hugh Palliser, be presented to that House.

The Earl of Surrey seconded the motion, and fau^W* S*rrp* at the moment that he did so, he lamented exceedingly that there should be occasion to go back into a review of matters, which had already, he was afraid, done much mif-chiefj by promoting dill ration and party in that service, where unanimity of sentiment ought to prevail, and which, he feared would be the cause of more mischief to the general interests of the country, by promoting future ditfenfions and

divihons

#3* PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

divisions in the navy, at a time when there was every reafou to wish that cordiality and friendship might prevail, from a sense of the public danger. As the vice-admiral had the preceding day thought proper to read to the House a long narrative, the greatest part of which was calculated to arraign and quell ion the justice of the court-martial which had acquitted Admiral Keppel, and which had eenfured his ac-cdfer, he saw ctearly that no man of honour in the service would be safe in being summoned to do his duty as a member of a court-martial in future, if an enquiry was not immediately made into the business. When he said this, his lovdship declared, he meant not to take up thf matter as a partisan, either on one*fide or the other; he willed for justice solely, and fin$e thinillers had, by bringing the vice-admiral forward, given occasion for reverting to pafl transactions, he thought the whole ought to be fully enquired into, and he was ready beforehand to declare, that he mould govern himself entirely by what fhofcld appear to be the truth, when the business was fifted to the bottom. If it fiioukl appear that the court-martial was warranted to pronounce the fen ten ce they had passed, he should give his vote for passing a censure upon the vice-admiral, who had publidy arraigned the justice of the'court-martial; if on the other hand, it should come out, that the vice-admiral’s complaints were founded, and that the court-martial had denied him justice, he should support any proceeding against the members of the court-martial, which the House should think proper to adopt. It was with this interttion that he seconded the motion.

Sir Robert Smith corrected his motion, and made it fuller, AAdmiral Keppel then rose, and said, he thought It proper to inform the House, that lince vefterday, he had heard without doors, that the governor of Greenwich Hospital, in the long narrative which he read the preceding day, had pien-tioned many matters, alluding to him personally, which were of (oparticular a fort, as to have called for nls immediate notice. The governor of Greenwich Hospital had spoke so low, in the course of reciting those passages, that his ear had not caught them, or he certainly would have given them a reply. He begged the House, therefore, to impute it to this rircumflance alone, that he had passed them over. He had veilerday told the committee, that he never would trouble himself to reply ter any thing the governor of Greenwich Hospital might have to lav to him; this arose from his respect to die House, and his wish to save the House from the dif-

agreeable

A* 1780. D E B A T E 8

agreeable feeling that must be occasioned, by having their time taken up with hearing the private altercations of him and any dther member. He begged the Houl'e, however, once for all, to understand, that he had not a wish to prevent the fuHeft; enquirr that could be gone into, either relative to the subject alluded to in the motion, or to any other in which he was at all concerned. So conscious was he that all the t ran factions of his life would bear a publication to the world, that he had not the fmaflefl objection to their being investigated and traced to their naked truth. With regard to the court that tried him, he was perfectly satisfied with their decision, per-fe&ly easy under it, andrfree from the smallest apprehensions of any thing that could follow its being re-examined. He was ready then, and ever, to trull his caufo and his character with the House, and with those to whose corrsideration either could conllitutionally and legally be submitted. He was aware that his fide of the House was the weakell in point ot number, but he was not in the leall intimidated on that account; all that he wished for was justice,' and he was thoroughly satisfied there was justice on the other fide of the House, as well as on ,that on which he then Hood.

Mr. Sawbridge said, as the vice-admiral was not in his Mr. Am*

place, he would not now go* into any matter relative to him, which ought in fairness only to be said in his presence; he rose merely to deliver an.opinion on what had passed yefler-day. The vice-admiral, he observed, had produced a written pamphlet, and he had read that pamphlet so indillindlly, that it was absolutely impossible for gentlemen to understand him, indeed, it seemed as if the pamphlet had been written by some other hand, with the writing of which the vice-admiral was not so well acquainted as with his own. In the course of the recital, however, one part had particularly llruck him; and that was, the vice-admiral’s having complained that the court-martial, which tried Admiral K.eppel, had refused to hear his reply to the admiral’s defence. He was a little aflo-nished when he heard this, and wished to know where the vice-admiral had learnt the do<Slrine, that an accuser had a right to reply to the defence of the party accused ? He was fare it was never the practice in the criminal courts of law, and no man could venture to say it was the cullom in land courts martial. The usual mode in the courts of law, upon criimnal trials, was, for the accuser to exhibit his charge, and to examine his witnesses in support of it; that done, the person accused was to make, his defence, and it remained with the court to determine, whether the defence set up overturned the accusation. 1

*4°

Mr.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The question, as it had been amended, was then read, and put as follows:

41 T^at there be laid before this House a copy of the mirfutes of the trial and sentence of the court-martial held for the trial of Vice-Admiral Sir Hugh Palliier.

The question was agreed to.

December 6.

No debate. Adjourned to January 23, 1781.

January 23, 1781.

The House met pursuant to adjournment. Lord North presented a petition from the planters, merchants, and others, of the island of Jamaica.

The petition was read, setting forth, that on the 3d of OdVoher last, the parishes of Westmoreland and Hanover in that island were laid waste by hurricanes, earthquakes, and inundations, whereby moil of the buildings in those parishes, together ^ith the produce of the earth, were in a great measure destroyed, and other distri&s of the island received very crtnsiderable damage; and that the petitioners are not able to eft i in ate the losses of the several fufierers with precision, but are authorized in saying that they amount to such an enormous fmn as to require the immediate aid and assistance of Parliament; and therefore praying the House, to take the case of the fufierers into consideration, and grant them such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. EJiwiek (agent for the island of Barbadoes) said, fifing, as I do, for the first time that I have had the honour of offering myself to your eye, and of calling for the attention of this, honourable House, it is a circumstance of no small' alleviation to the embarrassment, which the novelty of Inch a situation mull necessarily produce, that what I shall now have to suggest, is not in address either to this, or to that fide of the House, but equally to the consideration of both; hot intended to oppose the sentiments of any, but to meet the sense of all; not upon a question of politics, but in a case of humanity; in that case, Mr. Speaker, where by affording relief to the distressed, unanimity has never failed to mark the charaiteriftic greatness of this assembly.

Standing, therefore. Sir, although upon a very unfortunate occasion, under thele still fortunate circumstances, the paper which I have in my hand is an, humble petition to this honourable House, from the planters, merchants, and others, Interested in the island of Barbadoes, and resident m England, upon die late dreadful calamity that has befallen that country.

A. 1781. DEBATES. } 341

The petition, Sir, sets forth, what, indeed, I am mod happy, in my own person, to confirm, the loyalty of that colony to the King, and its inviolable attachment to the constitution of this country. It Hates the former flourishing situation of the island, with its usefulness as a colony £0 the parent-Hate; and wfiilft it recounts what these advantages were* it does not forget to acknowledge, in the extreme of gratitude, the benefits that have been derived to that country from the prote&ion, the succour, the bounty, and the support of this.

It next proceeds to Hate the late reverie of fortune, which, from a concurrence of natural causes, such as the failure of accu domed rains, blights of different kinds, and vermin of various descriptions, that country had experienced; under all of which, however, although it suffered, the hopes of better times remained a source of consolation, till the present awful moment, when, by a ravaging and dedru drive temped, all hopes were blasted, all consolation removed; a temped* whose violence and devadations were as great, as terrible, and as

??neral, as they exceed the power of all exaggeration. And yet, ir, say the petitioners, " as the feelings of unhappy fuf-

ferers, biassed by their own particular loues, or the private accounts of others, may be thought to exaggerate the general, didrefs, theyXure willing to red this their case on the official papers transmitted from the island to his Majesty’s miniders, and to which they beg leave to refer."

It now goes on to say, that the refuge of the petitioners themselves, under such lamentable circumstances, is naturally* to the humanity, to the liberality, and to the policy of this honourable House; and then the prayer of the petition is, u That this honourable House will be pleased to take th» peculiar case of the island of Barbadoes, detached as it is from any other case, into their serious consideration, and grant the unhappy sufferers such didindfc and separate relief as to this honourable House in their great wisdom shall seem meet."

This, Sir, is the fubdance of this petition. And now it might be expected, that I should proceed to offer such argu-

ments in support of it, as might occur to me upon the occasion. But, as on the one hand, a petition like this, can re-auire no better support with this House, than what it will And in the merits of its own case; so, on the other, it being initfelf a case, wherein I am myself personally intereded and concerned, neither decency admits, nor will propriety suffer me any longer, to trouble you upon the subject. 1 have, therefore, Sir, only to move, that this petition be now brought up.

s

PARLIAMENTARY A. I7«x

Copy of tbi Barbados To the Honourable the Commons of Great' Britain in Parliament assembled.

'the humble petition of the planters, merchants, and others, resident in England, and interested in the island of'Barbadoes, in behalt of themselves,* and of their fellow sufferers, the inhabitants of the said island,

Sheweth,

That the island of Barbados is the most ancient English colony in the West Indies; ever actuated by the principles of loyalty to the crown, and love of the Britishi constitution; valued for the peculiar advantages of its situation, the number of inhabitants in proportion to its extent; and, till of late, for the fertility of its foil; and on these several accounts has been favoured with the protection, succour and support of the parent state, to which it has never failed of making suitable returns of gratitude and affection. The voluntary contribution of men land money during the late war, and the offer of supplies of provisions* dering the present, to Admiral Barrington, who refused the donation, from an apprehension that the donors would themselves be di ft refled by such generosity, are particular recent instances of that general condudf which has ever invariably testified the most grateful attachment and regard to this country.

That in this happy relative situation of a colony flQuri/h-ing under a protecting state, the inhabitants of this island had continued for a great length of time; truly sensible of the inestimable blessings they enjoyed under that protection, and ever deeming the continuance of it the sure and solid foundation of their welfare and prosperity, when it experienced a fad reverse of fortune. Natural evils, against which human prudence could not provide, an extraordinary failure of accustomed rains. Mights of several kinds, and vermin^ of various descriptions spread such* desolation over the oountry, as, within a short space of time, to diminish its annual produce to no less than half the usual quantity, to the injury of the mother country no less than to the impo-verishment of the colony.

That, in this alarming situation, the people, though they sensibly felt the weight of their misfortunes, consoled themselves with the hopes of better times, and the expectation of retrieving their circumstances by redoubled diligence and ceconomy. And when they were at length flattered with the

agreeable

■A. 1781. DEBATES*

agreeable prospect of a happy change, by the extraordinary appearance in the general face of the country, on a hidden, in an awful moment, all their hopes were blasted, and the measure of their woe filled up by a moil dreadful calamity; a tempest, the violence of which perhaps has never been fur-passed, .extending over the whole island, afiefting almost every individual, and reducing to distress the groateft part of the inhabitants. Of near tour hundred plantations, scarce one has escaped the general calamity; raoft have sustained very Iconsiderable, and many almost irreparable damage. Almost nil the buildings, nearly one half of the cattle, and many Haves have been destroyed. Several towns have suffered, and the principal one iji particular, in a shocking degree; and from all these causes the inhabitants, to the amount of above twenty thousand whites, were left almost destitute of habitations, food, and raiment. But, as the feelings of unhappy fufierers, biased by their own particular losses or the private accounts of others, may be thought to exaggerate the general id i ft refs, they are willing to rest this case on the official papers transmitted from the island to his Majesty’s ministers, to which they humbly beg leave to fefer.

That in these deplorable circumstances, your petitioners are naturally led to look up and take refuge in the humanity, liberality, and policy of this honourable House, from whence they most humbly hope to receive speedy and effectual relief; such relief as will not only secure them from impending want, but by assisting them to erect anew their buildings, and to procure other necessaries, enable them to cultivate again their estates* Should the unhappy sufferers be so fortunate as to receive from Parliament such generous aid, they entertain a sanguine hope, and think it not ill founded, that the late dreadful calamity being attended with the good effect of removing former evils, the island- will soon lee its ancient fertility revive, again Hourish, and ih proportion to its own wealth and affluence, bring wealth and affluence to the pa* rent state.

Your petitioners therefore most humbly pray, that this honourable House will be pleased to take the peculiar case of the island of Barbadoes, detached as it is from any other case, into their serious consideration, and grant the unhappy sufferers such distinct and separate relief as to this honourable House, in their great wisdom, shall seem meet; and your petitioners, as in duty bound, shall cycr pray, &c.

I i 2 (Signed

floosie

*4*

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

(Signed by the following gentlemen of the committee ;) Daniel Lascelles ' John Lucie Blackman

John Brathwaite John Bond

William Bleuman Alexander Abraham

John Trent Samuel Eftwick,

Thomas Walker Age nt for the island.

William Fitzherbert

The following petition, relating to the fame subje&p wai also delivered at the bar, by Thomas Sainfbury and William Crichton, Esqrs. the sheriffs of London.

"To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

The humble Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the city of London, in Common-council a£ fembicd,

Sheweth,

That your Petitioners mud ever be sensibly affected, by every event which concerns the intereds of any part of theifr fellow subjects, and cannot therefore be indifferent spectators of those dreadful calamities with which it has pleated Divine Providence lately to visit the British Wed-India islands, at i time when this nation is engaged in a war, the principal feat of which has been in that quarter of the British dominions.

Your petitioners are not insensible of the universal and ■unbounded benevolence of the individuals of this country, which so eminently marks the national character, and makes Britons the object of admiration of all foreigners*

But Losses of such magnitude, and which require immediate reparation to the sufferers, in order to prevent their total ruin, mud far exceed the powers of private benefactions, and (as your petitioners humbly conceive) claim immediate relief from the hand of Parliament.

Your petitioners, therefore, in behalf of their sufferingfellow-subjects in the Wed-Indies, humbly supplicate the immediate attention of Parliament to a subject of so great importance to the commercial intereds of this kingdom, and humbly pray that this honourable House will grant the sufferers such immediate and effect ual relief as to them in their great wisdom shall seem meet.

botdtfortbs Lord North said, that his Majesty having been informed *of the contents of the preceding petitions, recommended them

to the consideration of the House*. t

/ •- ' A

floosie

A* 1781. DEBATES, 24$

A petition was presented by Lord Beauchamp from Lord Sheffield and Mr. Yeo, complaining of an undue election of members of Parliament for the city of Coventry.

Lord Beauchamp desired to be informed of the first day Lot*

when a committee could be balloted for taking the a^>ove pe- <*$• tit ion into consideration, and deciding concerning its merits*

The speaker replied, that it was the 26th day of June.

Lord Beauthamp then moved, that this petition be referred to a committee on the 15th day of February next. He knew that the principle of Mr. Grenville’s bill was, to leave nothing, or as little aspoffible, to the discretion of the House, with regard to contested elections : but still in certain cases the exercise of discretion in such matters was necessary, and allowed even by that bill, and authorised by the custom of the House.

If no discretionary power was allowed to the House, what was the reai'on of reading petitions before a day was fixed for their consideration ? It was true, that the order of their being heard, in common cases, wasr determined by chance; but where there wert'singular and extraordinary circumstances attending any election, that order had been broken through, as was evident from a precedent in 1774, in a petition from Westminster, and in the Worcester and Oakliampton petitions, this very session of Parliament. The petition from Coventry was an extraordinary one, and delerved extraordinary attention. It might be said, that to grant an early hearing to that petition, would break in upon the time allotted for the consideration of the other petitions; but his lordship endeavoured to obviate that objection, by saying, that from a regard to the convenience of the House, only two committees for trying eU&ions were to be appointed in one week : but that there was no reason why they might not appoint three for one week, if th^y thought proper, and were willing to take the trouble of doing so. He did not imagine, that by this early appointment he injured any party.

Mr. Frederick Montagu said, the House must not he fur- Mr. F. prized at his being alive all over at any attempt that should be made to depart from the spirit of Mr. Grenville’s bill. The present motion he considered as inimical to that bill, in the framing and supporting of which he had taken so considerable a share, that he could not but feel most sensibly whenever it was attacked. He was not, he said, in the House, when the petitions alluded to by the noble Lord were the subjpQ of debate, and the days fixed for ballotting for committees to try their merits were altered; if he had, he most certainly should hare opposed such an alteration! because he felt it incumbent ' k" upon

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

upon him, as one of the parents of Mr. Grenville’s aft, to Tefift every effort to destroy the operation of that act. The great utility of that act had now proved itself i ncontrovertibly, and he trusted that the young members would pay it due attention, and think it no inconsiderable part of their duty to undergo the fatigues it imposed on them with chearfulaefs; especially when they balanced againR their labour, the great good they thereby rendered their country. Mr. Montagu concluded with moving, as an amendment, that the woras^ " Thursday the 15th of February," be omitted in the original motion, and that the words, Tuesday the 26th of June," be inserted, instead.

ftlr. Adam* Mr. Adam said, that Mr. Grenville’s bill having given the House a power of altering the day of hearing any petition, it was a false argument to maintain, that to decelerate the trial of any petition, founded upon allegations of an extfeordinary nature, was either to contradict the meaning of Mr. Gren* ville’s aft, to attack it in any shape, or to impede its proper operation. He said, no man respected Mr. Grenville’s aft more than he did; he had in the commencement of the krft Parliament, learnt to admire its justice and its policy, by experience acquired in the course of his frequently fitting and acting under its authority upon various committees. That he was perfectly acquainted with the whole of that act, and toad it contained any enacting clause, limiting the House to a certain day for ballotting for a committee to try any deftton, he should then have thought the present motion an attempt to fly in the face of the act; but as there was no such clause in the act, on the contrary, as the act contained a clause, giving express power to the House to delay the trial of any petition at its discretion, and as the obvious aim of the act was to accelerate just ice, he could not conceive, that the present motion could, in any view of it, be construed into an opposition to Mr. Grenville’s aft.

Mr. .Dinr- Mr. Dunning said, he had ever considered Mr. Grenville’s aft a6 an instrument of great good; but though there was no clause forbidding such a motion as the present, he maintained that the spirit of the act was as obligatory as the letter of it; it clearly was to take the trial of elections wholly out of the House, to administer justice equally, and without partiality or distinction, through the medium of a committee, who were to judge solely from the evidence, and not from prejudice oc afflftion.

3 Mr.

A. 1781. DEBATES. 247:

Mr. Macdonald declared, that no man had a greater de-Mr* ference for the opinions of the learned gentleman who spoke naU* last than he bad, ilnce from his opinions he had chiefly learnt to form his own, but that he could not help differing from his argument, and from His mode of reasoning. Mr. Macdonald agreed that an act ought to be construed by its spirit as well as its letter, but could not agree that the letter should, be disregarded altogether; he then stated that the act gave an % express power of procrastination to the House, whence he inferred, that the House had a power to accelerate a ballot where the case was extraordinary. This doctrine he applied to the case in question.

Mr. Kennyon said, he flood in the predicament of a mem-Mr. ber petitioned against on the heavy charge of bribery. That*,r# his moral character was bleeding afresh every hour that the trial of the petition against him was delayed, that in obedience to the regulation of the House, he had submitted, on the principle of general convenience, to the day on which the committee to try the petition against him was fixed to be balloted for, that he had as much right to acceleration and preference as another, and if another was so favoured, he should consider it as an indication that hostilities were determined against him, and as a grievous injury.

' Sir Herbert Mackworth said the arguments of Lord Beau-S‘r champ were plausible, and had impreSed his mind at first very* forcibly; but on a re-consideration, he thought as the House bad determined on a particular regulation, that regulation ought to be adhered to most strictly.

Governor Johnstone said, the argument divided itself intopovemor two branches—the one, the question, whether the House had a power to accelerate the trial of any petition under any circumstances ? the other, whether the circumstances of the Coventry petition were such as justified that fort of acceleration ? He decided both these questions in the affirmative; and concluded with saying, that if the Coventry petition was not soon tried, it would be in the power of any returning officer, first by making no return to a writ, and then by an unfair return to a second, to gain time, and feat for the first year of a Parliament, any two persons he thought proper.

Right Honourable Thomas Town/hafter mentioning Right H«w Lord Beauchamp’s connections with Coventry, said the pre-^om*, lent motion was an effort of power to lave two favourite can-dictates; and there needed no stronger proof of it, than the extraordinary circumstance of ministers being present, and

flaying

24S PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

flaying till fix or seven in the evening, who had opposed Mr*

. Grenville’s bill, and who, whenever any quedion relative to the operation of that bill was to come on, had condantly kept away from the House.

Mr Mm- Mr. Mansfield, Solicitor General, said that the act gave

JuU- the House in express words, in the beginning of it, a difere-v tionary power as to the time of hearing petitions on elections. He then took a review of the allegations contained in the petition, and concluded that the Coventry election was a very extraordinary case, and therefore merited extraordinary attention.

Mu Ft* Mr. Fox said, that as he had before the adjournment taken some part in the election for Coventry, he should now, say something upon the motion of the noble Lord, which he mull oppose, for this reason; because he did not fee any colour of necessity or justice for paying more regard to the petition that had been read that day from Mr. Yeo and Lord Sheffield, than had been paid to the various other petitions, which had been presented before the holidays. His ho-, nourable friend [Governor Johndone] had argued, and he thought very fairly, that the whole argument was reduce-able to two points, and those were, nrd, whether it was-right, on any account, to accelerate the trying of an election petition before others were tried, which had been previously presented; and secondly, whether the petition now before them, was one of that fort which was entitled to such extraordinary acceleration ? With regard to Mr. Grenville’s bill, he should only date what had always appeared to him, and had been admitted by those \tho thought of the bill*as he did, that the good of the bill was, that it took the whole of the election causes out of the House, and gave every petitioner an equal chance of having substantial judice administered to him in the fulled and mod impartial manner; and ‘ that it put a dop to the exertion of influence and power in favour of one set of petitioners in preference to another. If by the noble lord’s influence arising from his distinguished character, from his high office, from his great abilities, or from his intered in the borough of Coventry, he could prevail on the House to adopt a diferetionary power, in order to obtain a partial exercise of it in favour of the petitioners, it certainly mud appear, to the conviction of every man, that the part of the effect of Mr. Grenville’s biU, universally allowed to be the good part, was broke in upon, and violated; and that then matters would be in a train to recur to their

old

, -A* i 781. 1) tB A T

bid channel, arid it would hi as much in the power of the Jtninifter to become the elector, and to chu(£ the members of that House, as it ever had been. Hk honourable friend had gone into a very refined ffiode of argument, to prove that the returning officer of any borough might feat any two gentlemen that he chose, in that House, for one whole year; id' the end of the £Ht session, and possibly for some part of the second; and how had his honourable friend attempted (6 shew that this was likely ?^Why, f>y dating it as a case, that a returning officer might do just exactly what had happened in the prefect irt(lance, viz. make no return to the writ at first, in hopes that when a second writ issued, his successor [for at the offices of sheriffs, &c« were all annual, h rarely happened that the fame returning, officer (herald preside at both elections,] would be weak and wicked enough to return his two friends by any means, in defiance of right, and in contempt of the House. There was foracthing fb strange in the idea of a returhing officer procuring any person to be so returned, arid something so weak, foolish, and absurd in any' gentleman’s confirming to come into that House under fu<fh circumstances, and take his feat for one year only, that he could as little conceive hisr honourable friend meant to piit the case seriously, as he could conceive that it ever had happened, or ever would happen* With regard to.his honourable friend’s assertion, that a returning officer had it in his power to make ah imprppdr return, and that perhaps some would do so unless the House proceeded to give some mark of their resolution to check such attempts, undoubtedly it was the fast. It was an inconvenience that necdfhrily belonged to the case of an election, it was infepantble from it, and the only means of putting a flop to such an abuse of trod, was for them immediately to institute an enquiry into the $oadu& of every returning officer who either ntglcfled to do his duty, or did it negligently arid improperly* How happened it in the case of Coventry, that the conduct of the returning officer, who had failed to make a return to the first Writ, was not immediately enquired into? Let gentlemen remember who it Was that moved for the issuing of the fe-cood writ, previous to such an enquiry’s taking place ! Let them tccolkdt that he had earnestly pressed for an enquiry, arid had drenuously opposedtbe issuing of a writ for aiecond elc&ion, till the enquiry Was gone into and finished, hi order that it might be known by the House, to whom they were to aferibe the firfifaaiurc of a return of membert for Coventry!

V01.XVHL Kk Th«

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The question before the House was not whether Lo Sheffield and Mr. Yeo, or Sir Thomas Halifax and Mr. Rogers, should be the fitting members for Coventry, bet whether the House should adopt a new mode of proceeding in cases of election, and give a preference to the Coventry petition by accelerating the time of it, in prejudice to the parties concerned in every other petition ¥ And here the argument presented itself under its two heads t was it right to accelerate the trial of any petition, and Was this one of those petitions entitled to such an acceleration ? With regard to the first position, possibly there might be cases in whkh it would be warrantable with the House to accelerate the trial of one petition before another, but surely the House ought to have proof, before they went out of the usual road of proceeding, that there was a sufficient cause for such a change of the course of justice. Did the petition that had been read, contain a single allegation of a flagrant nature, uncommon from the general tenor of other petitions presented to the House from parties claiming feats ? The petition against a learned gentleman, who had with great feeling, and with great propriety complaioed of the injustice ofrefolving to ballot for a committee to try the Coventry petition, before Ac House went to a ballot to try the petition presented against him, stated a charge of bribery;—bribery, in order to gain a feat, was a very flagrant crime! The petition presented against an honourable mend of his, the member for Stafford, was founded on a charge of the fame fort: the crime in both cases was very flagrant; and in both cases the fitting members would doubtless be exceedingly pleased to have the petition against them heard and determined upon at soon aspoffibie. What were the species of allegations generally stated in election petitions ? They were these,—that the returning officer had luffcred bad votes to be sworn, and had rcje&ed good ones s he had been bribed; die voters had been bribed; Ac return was unjust, or the person who had acted as returning* officer had no such power : all these were in themselves fit-grant crimes; but they were the crimes commonly alledged, and could pass for nothing, till the committee had heard evidence upon them.—The learned gentleman who ipoke lift, said the Coventry election was an extraordinary case, but he was amazed to hear him set out with an attempt to prove, Ait the petition of Lord Sheffield and Mr. Yeo, which contained no extraordinary allegation in itself, and respecting which* die noble lord who made the motion* had fitted no one ftft

of

A. 1781. DEBATE S.

6fan extraordinary nature to judify his motion, was more entitled to preference than the petitions respecting other bo* roughs. It was too evident, he said, to be contradicted, that the present attempt to accelerate the hearing of Lord Sheffield and Mr. Yeo’s petition, was made by noble lord high in office, because the petitioners were favourites of the minider, and agreed with him in political opinious. It was, he declared, an effort of power to commit iniudice; an effort which he trailed that House would have the virtue to redd, and therefore he would say no more upon the subject.

Lord North said, that no insinuations of his having an im-Lord Jftr/K proper regard to one set of men, in preference to others, mould prevent him from discharging his duty as a member of that House. It had been thrown out, that Lord Sheffield and Mr. Yeo were more his favourites, than Sir Thomas Halifax and Mr. Rogers; and that his presence in the House, when any matter relative to Mr. Grenville’s bill, came on,

Vfcs uncudomary, and therefore liable to fufpidon. Gentlemen were welcome to make the mod of such insinuations, bnt they should not intimidate him from afling as he had a right to act, nor from giving his reasons, why he should vote, for the motion offered to the House by nis noble friend.

With regard to the petitioners of Coventry, and the fitting members, they were unknown to him in the consideration Which then directed his condu£l; they were all worthy and respedable characters, and therefore he felt the less compunction in taking that line which justice an'd reason so drongly marked out as the fit and only line for a confcientioi# member of Parliament to follow. As to his being present, the House welt ^new that his presence was necessary for other reafbns, than the subject of the motion then before them, an dhe believed he had less to charge himself with on the (bore of failure of punctual discharge of his duty by attendance, than allied'any member who had fat so* so many years in Parliament.

V. honourable gentleman who spoke lad, had talked of the good of Grenville’s bill; it was well known, tb# he was one of the very fipall minority who divided against that bill, but he appealed to the House, whether he hgd^ from the moment the House decided that the bill should pass, used any indirect means to frustrate its effect, or impede its operation; be had a great respect for it, jie believed it had been productive of much good, and the wife and upright conduct and determinations of those gentlemen, who had from time

K k 2 to

PARLIAMENTARY A. i?S<*

to time fit add *£ted a sjudges under it, was at onto an in- controvertible proof of its p<5icy, and of its justice. That billhad avowedly two great objects: the one, to aihft the {tub-; Jjc business of tpe nation, by taking out of the Houic all ple&ion causes, and referring them to another judwatuit com poled of ^embers of parliament; the other—to prevent delfiy as n^ufh as pojhble in the decision of election claims* jSoth t$efe .were certainly matters ardently to be wished for, and closely to be pyirfued : the present case, he conceived, came direCUy \ujd?r the second point; for what had been that 'feelings of gentlemen at the time, whfahis noble friend had moved, that a new writ be issued for Coventry ? The feds then ascertained were, that them w?? no return made for fcoventry, the ffyeriffs having failed to fomply with the Ring’s writ. The firffc conflagration of that House in all periods of parliamentary history f^d hpen, that the representa-f tion of the people should be compleat. In fpiecial conformity to that iclear his npble friend had moved the writ for 2, new ejection; and why Bad the House agreed to k I Rec^use, thq Houfo were convinced that the sheriffs had aimed at delay, and therefore they ordered a new writ to be blued. Hence in the new writ» not from any motives of partiality and affection, which it was neither decent nor just to alledge iq comment upon a proceedingpf that Housein its legislativecapacity, ithadfeen, argued early in the debate, by a learnedgea^ tlefnan, that the act, commotvy called Mr. Grenville’s aCfc, wq to be con ft rued by its spirir, and not merely by its letter. The argument was certainly fair; hut would the learned gentleman conterid, that the spirit was nojttp be abstraCled. front the letter, or that the express letter was to be abandpned in support of an idea of spirit, which the letter of the a neither eountenanced nor supported.

The letter of Mr. Grenville’s act exp refs ly gave the Ffoufo a discretionafy power of removing, altering, and poftpoping the day of trying any petition, as to their wiidom should £em meet. .If the spirit of it were construed to imply that the House had a power of postponing the trial of ayn ckCfioq cause, hut that the House had no power of accelerating 1‘uch trial, let the case \?c ever fa extraordinary, it would furciy be fair tp say, that Mr*. Grenville^ ^C1 was big with roon; evil than good; that it impeded justice; and* that it ratbet enforced, than deftrbyed delay, the prevention of which waj one of its profeffed objects. The ground on which the tion struck Iiim as highly fit for the adoption of the hLoufe,

was

iy8tf JD |H -B A 7 E- 8

the .obvious aim at delayinth* sheriffs, from the begin? fling to the end of the election. In the first instance, the King*s writ had not been complied with, and in the fpcond? if the allegations of the petiti^were true,they had used every ar* in their power to gain time, and make as many votes a| aoffible, in order to bring in their own friends at any rate, Th« honourable gentleman had laid that the file riffs who presided at the lass election, and those who made no return to the first writ, were not the fame persons; the fad was true, but the honourable gentleman had forgot, that both tke ihcriffa whp made no return, and the sheriffs who were Bow complained against, were equally members of the corporation of Coventry, and that the ffruggle evidently lay between the corporation and the independent voters, whq Ihciuld return the members. The honourable gentleman had said belidcs, that it was nothing, and that it was foolish for any gentleman to accept of a feat upon such terms, or to come into that House for one year only. Was the honourable gentleman fer ous ? What! when he and all the public had heard it so often repeated of late, that Parliament* shouki be annual, that it was an Englishmen’s birth-right, that no man should lit in Parliament more than, a year pre* vioas to a fresh election, was he to be told, that obtaining x feat for a year, or perhaps a year and a half, was nothing, or that it was foolish ?The honourable gentleman muff have forgot himself when he dropped the expression. A learned geotlenaan had complained is pUfon of the injuffice which, heaHedged, would be dqne him, by giving the Coventry petition a preference, in point of order, over that of the pe-r tition against him $ and another honourable gentleman, not in person indeed, but by his friend, had preferred a ffmiiap complaint; but would any man say, that there-was no difference between the cases of Hindon and Stafford, and the case of Coventry ? In the two former, the charge was a charge of bribery; a flagrant crime it was true; but what was an, allegation in an election petition without proof? Would the gentlemen suffer in their moral characters on such an account ? Was there a man, who heard him, who thought they would ? The gentleman might feel tender upon the subject, but cwS^pperlbn capable of judging upon it, muff: know, that such charges were of no mannei of confe-quence, when no otherwise alledged than in an election petition. With regard to fitting members and the petitioners, they were equally out of the question. They had as little

to

*54

Ht. TTM. to.Bjwg

Sir Herbert Msckttrerth.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

to do with the matter as Mr. Grenville’s bill, under the ctm« federation of fufFering by the decision of the House.Mr. Gren-vine's bill, he trusted, would have its intended effed farthered in a material instance, by an federation of the trial of the Coventry petition, and Sir Thomas Halifax and Mr. Rogers, Lord Sheffield, and Mr. Yco, were not to be thought of in the debate^ which went upon the general ground of endeavouring to administer substantial and lpcedy justice in a case artfully attempted to be unreasonably nrocraftmated, to the detriment of the first great object of Parliament, the completion of the representation of the people. The foie confederation, therefore, upon which the question turned, was, whether there was sufficient cause for acceleration, and whether the trial of the Coventry petition could be accelerated without injury to other petitions ? On both these points it appeared to him meet and expedient to agree to the motion.

Mr. Byng said, the principal aim of Mr. Grenville’s as was, that equal justice might be administefed to all pethio* ners in cases of election. The present motion flew in the face of this object, and by a preference to one petition, did an injury to teo others which must necessarily be delayed on that account. He said further, that even if four committees could fit at once, there were but three committee roomsrand one was a very inconvenient apartment for the pqrpofeg that the House well knew if the committee on the Coventry petition, was balloted for on the 15th of February, the ballot for the committee to try tfte next to it must be postponed, and so on with the subsequent ones; he therefore should vote for the amendment.

The House divided on the amendment; for it 85, against it 109.

The other petitions on the fame subject were aUo referred to the 15th of February.

Mr. Webb then moved tto fix the day of baljotting for the Lyme-Regis committee, on the 28th of February.

Mr. Byng laid, he conceived Mr. Grenville’s ad had re* ceivrd a stab that evening, and therefore, in conformity to the principles which impelled him to divide in the minority on the former question, be should oppose the present. He moved as an amendment, that tUF 26th of June be inferred.

Sir Herbert Mackwmh said, no injury was done to the ad

of Mr. Grenville by the last decision. The House divided again on the amendment, for if 28/against it 57.

I January

A* 1781. DEBATES, 255

'January 24*

General Smith said, no took the earliest opportunity calling the attention of the House to a matter of the greatest importance—the present difl^bed date of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, in India. Ministry, he was well allured, were in potieftion of advices from that part of his Majest yY dominions, of an alarming nature, and which, he hoped, would incline them to take the disturbances to which he alluded into immediate consideration, How would the House be astonished, when they should hear.that the supreme and controuling council at Calcutta, appointed by the British legislature to superintend affairs in that quarter, had sent over a petition, praying for an act of indemnity to secure them from punishment for fending an armed force to refill another armed force, which had been employed by thdfe judges who were also appointed in Bengal by this legislature 1. for carrying into execution decrees of theirs that were abfo-lotely inconsistent with peace and good government in that country. Mr. Smith iaid, the iriftitution of a court of judicature in Bengal, separate from the supreme council, wit orily an experiment in politics. It had been sufficiently proved to have been unsuccessful; and he hoped it would now be given up. He gave notice, that on a future day he would make a motion that all these matters should be taken into the confederation of a committee of the whole House.

' Lord North confctied, that he had heard a good deal of Lori disturbances, such as had been described by the honourable general. However, from nothing that he either knew or had heard, did it appear to him, that the institution of a court of judicature in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, should be abolished. That was a great political question, and an enquiry into the falls, which mufl npcefih-rity be ascertained in order to a right di&uftion of it, would Comprehend many individuals now retiding in Calcutta: therefore, the House could not come to any speedy resolution concerning the grievance alledged by the petitioners and the honoutable gentleman. However, all those things deserved SO be enquired into; and he understood, that a day had been fixed for considering the petition from Bengal, which had been already pre fen techno the House, the consideration of which would involve alb-those matters now complained of.

His lordship being told, that no day was fixed fpt the conti* .deration of that petition, the ?xft was appointed.

Mr. Boughton

Ipy floosie

*$6 PARLt AM£NTAR¥ Ail?

Mr. Bwvjrb- Mr. Boughton Roufc rose as feon as Lord North had dbne, and

ua Rcuft, expressed much satisfaction at perceiving, from the train in which the business then was, that the wil'dom of Parliament would very shortly |>e applied to the revisal of an act, (mean-ing that passed in 1774,) which, whilst it corrected fomc abuses which had prevailed in India, had Certainly introduced a lcenc of the greatest confufton. For, said this gentleman, in an extent of territory, larger than all the Smith dominions in Europe, we have seen a government acting without efficacy; and a court of justice disposing. of the lives and property of the inhabitants, by law9 which are not written and promulgated. This subject, Sir, appears to me of the highest importance. I hope to fee h examined with deliberation and candour, without acrimony to indL> viduals, without the influence of party spirit. It is a great national object, Sir, and as such, it cannot too fooa receive the attention of this House.

The order of the day being called, for the House to go into a committee of supply,

Lord N*rtbt Lord North, after mentioning the extreme distress to which the whole iffand of Barbadoes, and two parishes in Jamaica, were reduced by the lam dreadful hurricane, laid, they were objects extremely proper for Parliamentary relief, and as it was necessary to fend immediate assistance, without waiting for any scrutiny, he added, that he was deiirous of the assistance of any gentleman, who should advance any reason for going either beyond or under the suffi which he should specify.

It was not the meaning, it was not the expectation of the petitioners to be indemnihed for all the Losses they had fu-ftaioed. These were not cxaftly ascertained, as they ought to be, if fwh a demand Were made, as a matter of rights No; all that was prayed for was, such assistance as might enable the distressed inhabitants to support themselves with the necessaries of life in the mean time, and afterwards to follow the different occupations of honest industry.

With regard to the sums that ought to be given to Jamaica and to Barbadoes respectively, he was somewhat at a loss j but there was a necessity of fending one sum or other j he would therefore propose what he thought should be given to Jamaica, and what to Barbadoes. If we estimate the commercial ^alue to this country of those two padfhes on which the hurricane fell in Jamaica, and it with the toqg-

mercial

A» 1781. DEBATESi

«<7

mercial value to this, country of Barbaddes, perhaps thbfe two parishes are more than equivalent, in that scale, to this whole island. Farther, if we were to form an edimate of the quantum of relief we ought to lend to each island, from the greatness of the loss fudained by each, the greated furri would be sent to Jamaica* But Parliament would be too jud to make this the rule of their charity, which would be regulated, not by the measur of their loss, but by the urgency of their wants*

The hurricane had fallen on only a part of Jamaica, but had ravaged and laid wade the whole of Barbadoes. In this island all were sufferers. In Jamaica the greater part of the island, though indeed the lead fertile, elcaped the dreadful visitation; whence it might be prelumed, that the neccftaiics of life might be purchased by the poor among the sufferers, which, as he understood, were not, in those two parishes, very many, for money. Money, therefore, was the principal thing they would dand in need of* But in Barbadoes, where the effeas of the hurricane were general, the number of poor white people was great, and rhey would dand in need of many of the necessaries of life, of bulky commodities, which could not be transmitted, like a credit on the bank of England, without any expence, but which would occasion a considerable deduction from the sum that should be voted for their relief, for freight, insurance, &c. Fortunately, a convoy with provisions for the Wed-India islands, had failed with Sir Samuel Hood; but in May and June another supply would, doubtled, be wanted, especially at Barbadoes.

He had conversed concerning these matters with several Wed-India merchants, and from all that he could learn on this quedion, to which of the islands wc ought to give mod affidance, the painful preference was due to Barbadoes. He therefore proposed, that the sum of eighty thousand pounds be voted for the relief of Barbadoes, and the sum of forty thousand pounds for the relief of Jamaica. Those sums to be distributed by the governors of the islands and the vedries of the different parishes, or in any mode that might be* deemed the most proper by the Wed-Indian merchants, and all those who were bed judg#s of the subject.

Mr. Pukeney aiked why the noble lord proposed the Iptcific Mr. P»<* Anns of 8o,ooool. and 40,000!. and desired to know* what"*

data, and what calculation the noble lord was guided by in* his opinion, that the sums should be neither more nor lets ths

LI

Lord

*j8 PARLIAMENTARY A.

Lord North.: Lord Afcrf6 Caid, that he had already dated that he went

upon nq certain calculation, because no case had been made but j and the occasion was so pressing, that it was impossible to wait for one, and therefore he had gone only on conjecture He had heard the loss estimated at a million, or rather at eleven hundred thousand pounds; what he proposed now, gentlemen would consider was meant merely as a temporary relief to those individuals who were moil distressed.

Mr. Eft wick read the following proposals, which he hud he had delivered tq Lord North;

m

Propofols far the application of the money granted by ment, or otherwise obtained^ for the relief of that

It has been suggested that the church-wardens and vestries of the island of Barbadoes have already received instructions for ascertaining, within their several parches, the Ioffe* of individuals, by appearfements upon oath; and therefore tak^ ing for granted that this is already complied with, the next measures that would seem necessary to be adopted are,

i ft. That the money granted by Parliament, as well as what might be receivea from private subscriptions* be lodged in the bank of England.

2d, That a board of commissioners be appointed in the island of Barbadoes, confiding, first, of his excellency the governor, if there be no impropriety in placing One of his Ration in such a filuation; secondly, of the five senior members of the council; and thirdly, of the speaker, With eight members of the afiembly, to be chosen by their own body, which-board, so nominated, shall be empowered (it being the intent of Parliament, as well as of the private subscribers, that the money obtained from both shall be really and truly employed and applied for the actual use and benefit of the island, and not for the personal service of individuals only)' to lay this money out in the purchase of all such necessaries as. the island shall stand in need of, and to this end shall be at liberty to draw upon the bank of England for it, as occasions may occur and require.

r ad, That, having purchased the necessaries wanted, such as lumber of all kinds, and provssions, each fufterer shall, it* proportion to his loft, be entitled to receive his 'portion or share of thefo articles; no part thereof being to be commuted for, or paid in money, upon any account whatever,

•i *........ 4fh, That

A. 1789. D E B A T E'%

4th, That these commissioners shall be required nit to the agent of the island here, such copies of their proceedings as will be proper and sufficient to inform the Parti* ament and the public at large, of the manner in which their liberal donations have been disposed of by them*

The following Address of the Hnufs of Assembfy in

delivered by Samuel Eftwick, Efo the A^ent of Island^ to Lord George Germaiiu

uTo the KINGtt Most Excellent Majesty. -*

c< Most gracious Sovereign,

« We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, tbp representatives of the people of this island, btg leave to hn*» ptore your Maje&y’s favour under the greatest of all cala-mites which wc have yet endured, a dreadful tempest, which, arising on the 10th of this month, and continuing for the space of near thirty hours, has thrown down or otherwift destroyed almost all the dwelling-houses both of our towns and country, most of the churches in each, as well as public edifices, along with the buildings of our sugar-works, bods bTge and small; and by rooting up the trees and levelling die plants also of the earth to the ground, has spread the tcene of ruin and desolation over the whole island; great numbers of persons, both white and black, have been killed, and a ftiU

K:r number of cattle, so necessary to the manure of our as well as for labour and for food, have perished; and this dreadful event, following all our former disappointments and distreffes, renders many of our planters and other inhabitants utterly unable to re-build their works, or even to provide a, comfortable (belter for themselves and families; and all others, though in better circumstances, find themselves, from the want of lumber and other materials, at this unhappy period, under difficulties discouraging and almost insuperable, Would to God, however, that we had now recounted to your Majesty the utmost of our distress and apprehensions ;. but one circumstance, Sir, of stili greater terror to us remains to be unfolded; for, by the destruction of great quantities of the Indian corn, lately gathered in and Sored for the fubiistence of our negroes, and from the length of time that njuft naturally pass before a new crop can be reaped, we dread a scarcity of our grain, and that a famine will com pleat that misery which the tempest may then feenx only to have begun.. Yet, trusting in the mercies of an Almighty and Good Being, for saving us, by a blessing on our

L 1 2 industry

t$e PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Art! *care from that most fatal consequence of his late awful judgment, we now throw ourselves at your Majesty’s feet to implore your royal favour, and the nation’s bounty. Under you* Majesty’s most gracious countenance, to enable us to bear up under this dreadful shock of our finances, and ffiift us to repair the uncommon damage wc have sustained j or we have but too just cause to fear that your Majesty’s tnoft ancient and ever loyal colony of Barbadoes, may be loft in every point of valuable confederation to the crown and parent state, and link themselves into an abyss of indigence and despair.

... .By order of the House,

HOa,°3lf Ijfc1’’ ) J»h.G,all.W Speaker."

Mr. Burke, Mr. Burke applauded the liberality of the proposed relief, and the judgment with which Lord North had proportioned the distribution of it. He thought clearly, that Barbadoes should have more of the money which Parliament could afford to give, than Jamaica, for the reasons that had beep urged by the noble lord, and also that because in Jamaica only a part of a community, a rich and gepprous community, had fullered; but the whole of the island of Barbadoes had been ra-r vaged and almost wholly desolated. None could help his neighbour. To Barbacloes therefore, we must yield the melancholy p re* eminence. And when I say this, said Mr, Burke, I ipeak with impartiality, and more than impartiality, for I have the honour of knowing many of the inhabitants of Jamaica; but with those of Barbadoes J am wholly unacquainted.

Mr. Burke, in answer toMr.Pulteneye, said that it could not be expected that the noble lord could have any data for fixing with precision, a sum adequate to the necessity of the case in question. If the sums proposed exceeded the relief of extreme want, so much the better, If any alteration were to be made in the sums proposed with so much liberality and judgment, he would rather be for extending than reducing them. But though he should ever he desirous of straining the ability of Parliament to relieve distress, yet he did not think that Parliament were obliged by any Jaw whatever, to make up the Losses that might in the course of Providence, salt on our fellow subjects. As to any distin&ion between an indemnification for a lots, and such afhftance as might support the sufferers in the mean time, and put them in a way of resuming their habits of jnduftry, he thought the former

was

A. 1781. DEBATES.

was in no small degree implied in the latter. A committee should be appointed, con lifting of the agents for the islands, and the West India merchants, who should determine, in the face of the world and of one another, the most proper mode of effecting the humane purposes of the King and Parliament. The judgments of all men were too apt to be warped by partial motives and views. As a counterbalance to this disposition, it was that he proposed that the committee should be as public as possible. The committee should determine the kinds of relief that should be sent to the West Indies; and the individual application of the means of relief should be committed to the governors or church-wardens, or others who are acquainted with the circumstances of the various sufferers. Parliament specifies the sum they can aftord to give; the committee determines the quantity of the species of*materials to be sent; and the most respectable inhabitants on the island, make the application of relief to the exigencies of individuals.

Sir PV. Guise thought that the sums proposed should go to the relief of the islands without any fees or deduction.

Lord North and the whole House agreed to this propofaL Three resolutions were formed in the committee; one, to grant eighty thousand pounds for the relief of Barbadoes; another, to grant forty thousand pounds for the relief of Jamaica; and a third, that these sums be paid for the use of die sufferers without any dedudUon.

This day, Mr. Jenkinson, secretary at war, presented to the House, pursuant to their address, the following papers:

Sim

g

ca

I

cr

n

o

eg

rT

o/’ JSj Maycfly's British regular Land-Fortes^ Officersincluded, North Jiherted and ibt, df sky

urr* at the end of the Tear 1779, *Qhen from the last Returns dated within that Tear,

Officers

j Under Sir Henry Clinton, by monthly return I of Dec. i, 1770,

North America, j Under General Haldimand, by monthly re-j turn of Dec. 1, 1779,

I Under the convention, by monthly return of I August 1, 1779,

West Indict. By monthly return of Dec. 1, 1779,

War •Office, January 23, 178*

T

J

4’ I

! hii. I

I I 4ii s

591 83 140a 1707719133 3*48

114 3a 430 3009 3383 831

134 36 276 66

a;8 1228 1646 253a

71a 6076 7130 4138

s

M

Z

ft

C Jekkimsow.

C*

jfa Account of the Men loft and disabled in fiis Mayejbfs Land~ServUt, two Battalions of Marines, t>

firuinr on Short, by Death, Captivity, Defer tiau, Wounds or in North America and the, L

from November i, 1774, to the Date of the loft Returns, inclusive difingui/hin% each liar's Corps and Service, so far as the fame <4* he made up from Papers in the War-Office•

Years. Sendee.

1774, North America, under Generals Gage and Hal-dimand,

West Indies

1775* North America, under Generals Haldimand, Gage, and Howe,

West Indies

North America, { IL' Xf&E? West Indies

{under Sir William Howe, under Sir Guy Carleton, under General Burgoyne, (3)

British

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

tf Vs.

■IS f i 1

I 5* I

n 000 47

39 000 4

781 000 US

121 000 48

869 200 744 > 48 ’8

86 000 80

1202 1274 282

8l 162 20

220 (4) 484 487

3°3 000 IOJ

I

s6

20

0 w

H

M

m .*>

490

29

5

40

West Indies

Kars*

1778, North America,

West Indies •?79> North America, West Indies 1780, North America, West Indies

Service, # U & 1 s s 3 a

Cj Q

"under Sir William Howe, British >3>* 64I

under Sir Guy Carletoa, Ditto "7 I46

under the convention of Sara-

toga, (5) Ditto 6l (6) 381

Ditto 236 OOOO

r under Sir Henry Clinton, under General Haldimand, Ditto 1154 1020

Ditto 42 l6S

1 under convention. Ditto 8 259

- Ditto 1054 000

r under Sir Henry Clinton, Ditto No return. No ret

under General Haldimand, Ditto 58 3 166

t under convention, Ditto 256

t> itto 2036 00

t

3*

Cl

1281

87

546 83

104 71

263 444

27 87

176 OOOO

122 34

No ret. No ret.

38 30

172 OOOO

>45 >78

(l) The war-office have not the means of ascertaining the number of men loft by captivity, having no account of what the whole number of prisoners taken in any one year may be, or of the pnianejrs that may

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

o

o

rT

have been exchanged in the course of it. They only know what the number of prisoners are at the time that the return is made. H

(a) The monthly returns not aligning the reasons for which soldiers are discharged, the war-office cannot, ceeabfa to the directions of the order of the House of Commons, distinguish those men who are loft or dif-

agtee

abled by wounds or sickness; the whole number discharged are, therefore, stated in which those dismissed for misbehaviour, claimed as apprentices, .claimed by other corps, draughted from one regiment to another, or discharged for variety of causes besides that of inability to serve longer, are included.

(3) (4) (5) *(6) prisoners of the army under these heads, are such as were taken by the enemy previous to the convention of Saratoga. The men comprehended in the convention have never been allowed to be prisoners of war; their casualities by death and desertion, and the numbers discharged, are regularly given. The effectives detained in America, contrary to the convention, are as follow:

s

B

JTar-Offkt, Ja 23, *781;

By return of November 17, 1777* Ditto 1, 1778, August i, 1779, Ditto 1, 1780,

C. Jenjcmtson.

British rank and file* 2883 »838 *228 796

M

W

w

D

S

"Totals of the Embarkation Returns of nil the British Corps and Recruits which have been sent from Great Britain or

■to any Part of North America or the West Indies, in the Tears I77®> *779* an^ each

o

o

eg

FT

Commissoned

Non cdmmjffonedoffi-<er drummers and Staff -officers* fife5

Si

•5 g

«779«

i

H

Cert>s. a- -a Vi a .9

70th foot 0 1 6 <10 6 0 1 I

f 74th ditto 0 X 0 4 S I 0 0

(& 2d do. 6 comp. 1 0 1 4 2 O I X

Recruits 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

f 7^(h foot 0 1 1 8 20 8 O t I

I 79*h ditto 0 0 1 6 21 7 O 1 I

1 80th,ditto 0 0 2 6 *9 7 O X I

{ 8 2d do. 4 comp. 0 0 1 t 7 $ O 0 0

I 88th ditto. 1 X 1 7 9 6 O X X

1 89th ditto 1 0 I 4 8 6 0 I X

i Recruit* 0 0 0 O O 0 0 0 0

‘O

6$

*9

5°

*9

oo

49

48

$0

29

30

29

00

I

Cj

27

49 30 00

5°

50

22

40

33

09

5

§ 1. i I 1 I

C|

22 59* }

21 8*4' 1040

14 $68 667}

OO 1476 1476'

22 898 1062 ]

22 957 1117

22 863 io*4l

8 3S° 4*4

21 710 «3 >1

22 09 6$o 1665 ,l$j

& i *

1 2 p*

vf r.

■it i~a 1

If w

•5 Z

H

3774

*4

6*71

00

A. >78o»

DEBATES.

O

Q m ->0 <1 O' enOO ^o* <A

O' &*>& O'* «* t^vo to vO H *f

Cs O. K«C tH IN (N^O IN *y© so

2giS3>2S2

yC'O >4> VVWVO W,W*0 *400

H <1 MflO NriN*l«lNNOO H H K H M d N K II <1 N1 O

6 O ^Vi |N.vC O' O '♦'O 'O O

O O Ol'AOO NO C'O nO s. o

Si#> H «t <n«i i N O

6006000000000 SCO O *>00 s® s C^CO *> SCO

m p* m o 0'~oo'0aotv 0"0 o

M M H H 00

•0 *0 SSVOO S* w-l 1^00 'O 'O o

o o o

OOOOmO"~0"mOO

• ft.

i w

o cs

Ins.

00

s

o.

GO

r*»

s

oo

fs

M

A

I

i

C Jenkinsow.

An Account of all the Men raised in Great Britain and Ireland* for His Majestys Land Forces on the British Efla* hlishment, (Militia and Fencible Men in North Britain not from the 29 of September 1774>

igtb of September 1780, distinguishing each Tear.

From 29th Sept. 1774, to 29th Sept. 177c, 30th Sept. 1775, to 29th Sept. 1776^ 30th Sept. 1776, to 29th Sept. 1777, 30th Sept. 1777, to 29th Sept. 1778, 30th Sept. 1778, to 29th Sept. 1779, 30th Sept. 1779, to 29th Sept. 1780,

Number of men reifti.

3575

11063

6882

22978

16154

15233

Total 7688$

he

t?

s

w

3

H

War-Office, Jan. 23, 1781.

C. JZKKIKSOK.

A. t7&i.

DEBATES

269

Lord LHburrue, from the admiralty, presented the following papers:

Navy-Office, Jan. 1, 1781.

An Account of the Number of the Afen who have deed in Service in His Majestfs Navy Jthe ift Day of January

1776, di/Hrtguishing (as fur as may be) wfyo have been killed by the Enemy; and alfo9 of the Number of such Min as have deserted the said Service in the fame, as far as the several Accounts can be made up, each Tear*

Number of men who have died in aSluai service.

t—*

S' % i

■s.s

N-

T5 £ a ■si

Years. A

»776> 1679 105 1784 5321

1777. 3247 4Q 3287 7685

1778, 48OI 254 s°55 9919

1779>. 4726 55* 5277 I1541

*7*<?» 4092 293 4385 7603

Total 18545 1243 I9788 42069

C. Middleton. J. Williams.

\ T. Brf.tt.

G.Marsh.

An

270

PARLIAMENTARY

A* vjtu

Navy-Office, Jan. 23, 1781.

An Account of all the Men raif for His' Majestfs Navy, Marina included, from the 29/0 of September 1774, to the 29 thos September 1780, difin each, preparti pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the $tb of December 1780.

Year*

From 29th September, 1774#

I775f

1776,

*777>

1778,

To 29th September,

17 79*, 1780,

Ne* ef met raised.

345 4735 2 >5»5 37457 41847 4182I 28210

Total *7599

m

C. Middleton, J. Williams, G. Marsh, T. Brett,

E. Lecras.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Second Report of the appointed to examine,

take, and state,the Public Accounts of the

[See the First Report in page 120.]

PURSUING the line of inquiry marked out in our first report to the legislature, namely, an examination of the balances in the hands of those accountants who receive money from the subject, to be paid into the exchequer; that we might omit no office of receipt, and no receiver of the Appendlix, public revenue under that description^ we obtained from the No. I. office of the auditor of the exchequer, " A lift of all the public offices where money is received for taxes or duties, and of the names of, all person* who are receivers of public money raised upon the subject by taxes or duties, and who pay the same into the exchequer."

We have examined into the manner in which the public revenue is collected, received, and paid into the exchequer, in all these offices, and by all these receivers.

In the customs, the receiver general, William MelliOi, No. 2* esquire, certified to us, that upon the 10th ofN September lad, 4 there

ljl

A* 1781. DEBATES.

there was in his hands, exclusive of the current weekly re* ceipt of the duties of the customs, the sum of four thousand four hundred and twelve pounds three shillings and ten pence; which sum was the amount of certain collections transmitted to him, either from the plantations, or particular out ports; and was to continue in his hands no longer than until the comptroller general, as to some parts of it, and the commissioners, as to other parts, should dir^Ct under what heads of duties the several items, of which this sum was compounded, should be arranged, and paid into the exchequer, or otherwise disposed of; Mr. Meilish has informed us, that part of sum has been paid by him, according to orders of the commissioners and comptroller general; and that the other part thereof, amounting to three thousand two hundred eighty-eight pounds fourteen shillings and eleven pence farthing, was remaining in his hands the 20th instant; this remainder, we are of opinion, the commissioners and comptroller general should in their several departments arrange, and the receiver general should pay according to such arrangement as speedily as possible.

By the examinations of Joihua Powell, esquire, chief No. 4. clerk to the comptroller general; and of Mr. Anthony No. 5. Blinkhom, afEstant to the receiver general, it appears that the duties of the customs are collected by officers, either in London or at the out ports: in London, the chief teller every day receives them from the collectors, and pays them into the office of the receiver general; at the out ports, the collectors remit their receipt by bills to the receiver general, and are not permitted to retain in their hands above one hundred pounds, unless for special reasons, allowed of by the commissioners, and by the lords of the treasury. The nett produce of every duty received in each week, is paid by the receiver general in the following week into the exchequer.

In the excise, we find, from the examinations of George Lewis Scott, esquire, one of the commissioners, and of Richard Paton, esquire, second general accountant (both annexed to our first report) that the collectors retain in their hands no part of the duties they receive; and that the receiver general every week pays into the exchequer the nett produce of this revenue, unless some foreseen demands in the following week make a reservation of any part of it necessary.

In the stamp office, we examined Mr. James Dugdale, No. 6u deputy receiver general; and Mr. John Lloyd, first clerk t# No. 7.

the

*7*

No. 8. No. 9.

No, 10.

No. 11.

No. 12. No. 13.

No. T4. Nc. 15.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

the comptroller and accountant general; from whoth we cot-left, that the whole produce of these duties, arising either from the receipt at the office in London, or from bills remitted from the distributors in the country, is paid every week into the exchequer.

In the salt office, Milward Rowe, esquire, one of the commissioners, and Mr. John Elljot, correspondent, were examined : The polleftors of these duties are continually remitting their receipt to the office in bills; every week the account is made up, and the whole balance paid into the exchequer, referring always, in the hands of the cashier, a sum not exceeding five hundred pounds, for the purpose Of defraying the incidental expences of the office.

In the office for licensing hawkers and pedlars, we learn from Mr. James Turner, one of the oonmuffioners, that tb« riding surveyors keep remitting to this office, in bills, the duties they receive in the country; which the cashier pays, together with what he receives in London, weekly, into the exchequer, pursuant to the of she 9th and 10th of King William the third, provided his whole receipt amounts to more than two hundred pounds; reserving in his hands such a sum as may be sufficient for (he payment of salaries, incidents, and current expenees.

In the office for regulating hackney coaches and chairs* wc coll off from the examination of Mr. joseph Marshall, clerk to the receiver general, that the duties or rents of the hackney coaches become due every lunar month, and of the hackney chairs every quarter; and these rents being usually paid within a certain time after they become due, the receiver general makes a payment of one thousand pounds into the exchequer every twenty-eight days, except that each of his quarterly payments amounts to five hundred pounds only, as he then reserves in his hands a sum for the payment of salaries and the incidental expences of the office.

The pun&uality and expedition with which the duties collected in these offices pass from the pocket of the subject into the exchequer, leave us no room to suggest any alteration in die time or manner of paying in the fame.

In the post office, Robert Trevor, Esq. the receiver general, in answer to our precept, returned a balance of nine thousand three hundred fifty eight pounds two shillings, in his hands upon the of September last. From his examination, and from those of William Fauquier, Esq. accountant general in this office, and of Mr, William Ward, colie&or

A* 1781. DEBATESi 2^73*

of the bye and cross road office, it appears, that this fefonue is paid into the office of the receiver genera], either by certain officers Or collectors in London (some paying every other; day, iome weekly, and some quarterly, or by remittances in: bills from the post mailers in the country) <who do not keep the money they receive any considerable time in their hands/

The collector of the bye and cross road office .makes, his payvj raents to the receiver general quarterly, and to the amount about fifteen thousand pounds each quarter, 'The receiver ,c>f general pays into the exchequer seven hundred pounds every' week, pursuant to the act of the qth and 10th, of Queen Anne, chapter the 10th, and the balance in h(6 hands he pays» in every quarter, reserving about five thousand pounds to an-ri fwer incidental warrants from the board, to pay falarres and other expences of the office,

There are four branches of the revenue whi^Lare coUe&ed ....; V*

not under the direction of commissioners, but by single per*? fons only : These are the first fruits and the tenths of the clergy; and the deductions of six pence, and of one shilling, in the pound out of pensions, Salaries, fees, and wages.

We examined Edward Mulfo, esquire, the receiver, and Noribf^ John Bacon, esquire, the deputy receiver, of the first fruits; No, 17, who informed us, that this revenue is received from the cler* gy, at the office in London; that at the end of October, or the beginning of November, in every year, this receiver pays into the exchequer the net receipt of the preceding year, ending 31st of December; and that the balance of this duty, Nb, fur in his hands, upon the 30th of November last, was four thou* find three hundred thirty-two pounds eight shillings and ele? ven pence three farthings,

Robert Chester, esquire, the receiver of the tenths, being No, 19, examined, we find that these payments become due from the clergy every Christmas, that they ought to be made before the last day of April following, and if they are not madfebefore the 31st of May, he delivers an account of the defaulters into the exchequer 5 that he receives these payments, together with the arrears of former years, during the following year, ending at Christmas, to which time he makes up his yearly account, and in the month of June or July after, he has, for the last three years, paid into the exchequer!the net receipt of the preceding year; and it appears, that, upon the 20th of December last, the sum in his Hands was nine thousand eight No^dW hundred and ninety pounds and two pence halfpenny,

Vol. XVIII, N n Both

PARLIAMENT ART A*ij8j,

Both these dues from the clergy are granted ifc pursuance of the 2d and 3d of Queen Anne, chapter nth, to the corporation called The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy. These governors usually hold their hrft meeting (bine time 1J) November every year, a short time before which it ha* been customary for these receivers to make their payments into fhf exchequer*

Nof 21* Thomas Adle, esquire, receiver of the iixpenny duty, col, lefts it from the offices and persons charged, either quarterly! half-yearly, or" yearly, according to the practice of the office or person he receives it from: He has no dated times for his payments into the exchequer, except that in March or April* every year, he pays in the balance then in his hands, of hit lad year’s coleft ion. By his return to us, upon the |6th of No* 22* December lad, the sum of six thousand eight hundred eighty one pounds feveu shillings and eleven pfence, was then re? maimng in his hands; but this sum, as he has jincp inform? cd us, he has paid into the exchequer, together With the ba^ lance of his year’s account, ending the fifth indant,

NjOf 23. Richard Carter, esquire, receiver of the one shilliDgduty, collects it from different offices, at different times'! He usually makes payments every quarter into the exchequer, and once a year pays in the balance. The sum in his hands, upon the 20th October lad, was two thousand and - fifty pounds fifteen shillings and seven pence; and he has fines Wr dgnided to us, that he has paid the fame into the exchequer, The intention of that dause in the act, which directs our fird inquiries to the public money in the hands of account? ants, is, that the public may the sooner avail themselves of the use of their own money : one of the indispensible means of obtaining this end is, to accelerate the payments of the revenue into the exchequer.

Out of the revenue of the pod office, the act of Queen Anne orders a payment of seven hundred pounds every week 'into the exchequer, and assigns as a reason, " the railing a present supply of monies for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty’s mod necessary occasions." The necessary occasions of these times, require payments as large and as frequent as can be made. It appears from an account of the net produce of the revenues of the pod office at the time die act of Queen Anne passed, and from the accounts of the present weekly receipts of these revenues, and of the balances paid quarterly into the exchequer, transxniued to us

from

i

1

A; £> £ B A T E 5. ill

From the receiver geiietal, that the revenues of this office ard touch increased, and that the current weekly receipt will Supply a much larger payment than seven hundred pounds*

We are therefore of opinion, that the method of paying the balance every week into the exchequer, established in the customs, exciSe, and other offices above-mentioned, should be adopted in the post office; and that the receiver general should every week pay the net balance of his receipt into the exchequer, reserving in his hands no more than is necessary to answer the current payments and expences of the office.

It appears to be customary for the receiver of the first fruits, to detain in his hands the produce of the whole year,

Until eight or nine months after that year is ended, besides deceiving the current produce of thdfe months; and for the Receiver of the tenths to detain in his hands, for at lead a year, the whole of this duty, received by him before the gift of May in each year (at which time he delivers a list of the defaulters into the exchequer) besides receiving the cur-tent produce of that year. It appears likewise, that the receivers of the sixpenny and shilling duties, do not pay into tht exchequer the whole produce of these duties as they receive them. All such detentions are, in our opinion, a disadvantage to the public, and liable to abuse* There exists no reason why the public should not have the custody and use of public grooey, rather than an individual, until toe service to Which it is appropriated, of whatever nature that service mar be, calls for its application: the public coffers are the fans repository for public money.

One purpose among others, expressed in the a that appoints us, is, that any defeCfc in the present method of collecting the duties may be corrected, and that a less expensive one may be established ;and we are expressly directed to report such regulations, as in our judgment shall appear expedient to be established, in order that the duties may hereafter be received in the manner the moil advantageous to the public*

We therefore, in obedience thereto, think it our duty to subjoin one observation, that has occurred to us during the progress of our inquiries.

The land tax, and the duties arising from stamps, salt, licences to hawkers and pedlars, and from hackney coaches and chairs, are under the management of five Separate and distinCfc boards of commissioners, consisting of twenty-five in number 2 the amount of the gross produce of the last four of1*

N n a these

PARLIAMENTARY A. i

tWe duties, by the returns made to our precepts, is eight hundred thirty one thousand one hundred twenty-six pounds three shillings and one penny three farthings; of the net produce, seven hundred sixty thousand five hundred forty-eight pounds fifteen shillings and six pence. The time in Which the commissioners are usually engaged in transacting the business of their several offices is as follows : the attendance of the commissioners of the land tax, at their office, is thrice a week; of the stamp office, thrice a week; of the salt office, twice a week; of hawkers and pedlars, once a Week; of hackney coaches and chairs, once a week.

We are aware, that the comparative produce of different duties, is not alone a criterion by which we may judge with precision and certainty of the time, trouble* expence, and number of officers nctefiary to be employed in the management of them5 to have formed an accurate and decisive opinion upon this point, it would have been necessary to have entered into an examination, which would have carried us too far from the object of our present inquiry; but we are of opinion, that the small produce of some of these duties, and the short tipie in which each of these five boards are able to transact their business, are circumstances which induce a, strong presumption; that so many establishments are not ne-Cessary for the management of these branches of the revenue; and which lay a reasonable foundation for an inquiry, whether there may not be formed a consolidation of offices, beneficial to the public* This suggestion we submit to the

wisdom of the legislature,

Gur Carleton, (L.S.) T. Anguish, (L.S.)

A. Piggott, (L.S.)

Rich. Neave, (L.S.)

Sam. Beachcroft,(L.S.) Geo. Drummond* (L.S.)

APPENDIX

Office of AcountSy Bell-Tardy Zijl of January 178 i.

. .f

A.1781

debate s,

*77

Appendix*

APPENDIX,

No. t.

A Lift of all the Public Offices* where Money is received fir

Taxes or Duties* and of the Names of all Persons who are

Receivers of Public Money {omitting the Receivers General of the Land Tax) raised upon the Subjefi by Taxes or Duties* and who pay the same into the

The Custom house,.

Excise office.

Stamp office,

Post office,

Salt office.

Hawkers and pedlars office,

First fruits office.

Tenths office,

Hackney coach and chair office.

Receivers of the land tax, duty upon houses and windows, and tax upon men servants.

Thomas Aftle, Esq; receiver of the deductions of 6d. pet libr. on pensions.

Richard Carter, Esq; receiver of the deductions of is. per libr. on pensions.

John Hughsom.

Exchequer, the 5th day of December 1786,

No. 2.

The Account of thl Public Money now remaining in my

Custody* or Power, as Receiver General of his Majesty t Cujioms.

r. d»

Bahama islands, Jackson, comptroller general

to direct the application, - - 60----

Sandy Point, St. Christopher’s, Bennet col-le&or, do. - 169 15 4$

Rofleau, Dominica, Senhouse collector, do, 517 — —

Do.---- Dewar late collector, do* 455 3 6*

Kingston, Jamaica, Trelawney late collator, do. - - - N 25 10 —»

t

Carried over 1227 8 rof

2

Brought

ft*

Appendix,

PAil^ 1 AMe1?T AlLlf

Brought forward

Kingston, Jamaica* pafifqfn coiledor, do* Montego bay, do. Hamilton collector, do. Savannah la Mer, do. Swiney collector, do. Grenvil in Grenada* Prouafoot collector, da. Wear, per Burridge; does hot appear on what account this was paid

Hull, Burrow, Mulots, coramiffiorters to direct the application,

Newcastle, Sunderland, Mulots, do. Rochester, Nightingale, Mulcts, do* Shoreham, Pelham, salary, do<

Chepstow, Davis collector, comptroller general to direct the application,

Cowes, Read late collector, do.

Cowes, Gill late collector, do. Dartmouth, Tremlett late collector, do.

Deal, Lance late collector, do.

'Minehead, Adams late collector, do. Penzance, Scobell collector, do.

Sandwich, Sayer late collector, do. -

Shoreham, Crowley late collector, do.

A. 17&.

1227 8 10J 2350—

136 11 9

2 .3 7 92 10 9

I —

2C0 — —!

160----

12 10 —

6 8 5i

66

26 4

6

11

JO

9

4

2

2

l6

4

91

ioi

3i

Hi

Si 7 i 4*

4

.441* 3 10

Besides these Aims, I have daily a running calli in my hands, from £.t.60o to £.iOo,coo, and sometimes more, which is paid weekly into the exchequer.

W« Miuish<

Blyth, joth September, 1780.

No. 3.

To the Commissioners of the Public. Gentlemen,

The Aim of £.4,412. jr. ioi. which was in my hstodsort the 10th of September last, according to the retUrif made to you of that date, was die amount of certain cotle&iofjs transmitted to me, either from the plantations Of partfculaf Out ports, and to continue in my hands no longer than until the comptroller general, as to some parts, and the comfflifiMiers of the custome, as to other parts, should direct to what heads of: duties* the items of Which this Aim was compounded

should

Nov, 8th.«<

9$

1Q|

3i

a*

Af 1)8^ DEBATES?

should be arranged, and paid into the exchequer, or be jotherivife disposed of.

The following sums have been applied by the comptroHej general, and were paid into the exchequer.

iC* A

1780. Sept. noth. Sandy Point, St, Chrrfto-

phcr's, Bennet collector, - 169 15 41

O&. 4. Kingston, in Jamaica, Da* vifon, collector, - 17 3 6

And also the sum of £. 225was paid to-j

William Bruce, for rent of thee uftom I house at Tobago. J

fChepftaw, Davies collector ’ -w 6 Cowes, Read late cdle&or 611 i Do. Gill late collector — 10

I Deale, loanee late collector — 4 Mine head, Adams late collector w 2 Penzance, Scobell, collector 20 2 Sandwich, Sayer late collector 416 4i [Shoreham, Crawley late collector 25 4 4

Dec, 29th. Montego Bay, Jamaica, Ha*

mil ton, part of jT. 136. 111. 9 82 I 9

• Jan. TOth. Grenville in Grenada, Proud*

foot, - - 92 10 9

Paid William Bruce, us above mentioned, 225 — — And the following Aims were paid by mo into the hands of the receiver of the Oli-perannuation fund, on the 15th of September, by order of the commissioners

Hull, Burrow collector, Mulots - 300 — —

Newcastle, Sunderland collector, do. 160 — —

Rochester, Nightingale collector, do. 12 10 —*■

ghoreham, Pelham colje&or, salary 6 8

1781

1123 8 10$

The remaining Atm 8111 remains in my

{lands unappropriated 3288 14 nf

/. 4412 3 10

Custom house,

January 20th, 1781.

W. Mulish.

No, 4.

*8d

Appendix*

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1781.

No. 4.

The Examination of Joshua Powel, Esq. Chief Clerk to the

Comptroller General of the Customi; taken upon Oatb9 the \ 14 thos December 1780.

This examinant faith. That he is chief clerk to the comptroller general of the customs; in which office he has been above thirteen years.

It is the business of his office to keep the accounts of all the collectors, who are the persons that receive all the duties of the customs; most of these collectors are nominated by the treasury, and appointed by the commissioners some of them are appointed by patent: the number consists of five in London, and seventy-two in the out ports.

The collectors in London send to the office of the comptroller general, a weekly account of what they have received, under the distinct heads of duties, of what they have paid to the receiver general* and upon debentures or otherwise; the debit of which account is signed by the collector, and by his comptroller, by the surveyor and surveyor general; except the account of the collector of the duties on coals, which is signed by him and by the coal comptroller only.

The collectors of (he out ports fend up every month to the hoard, an abstractof their receipts and payments, This ab-straCfc is sent to the comptroller general, who transmits to the commissioners of the customs an account of the balances due from each collector, taken from these abstracts; which account they send to the treasury. Thc collectors are not permitted to keep more than one hundred pounds in their hands, unless for some good reasons, allowed by the commissioners, and by the.treasury.

They also, every quarter, fend up to the board books containing all their transactions of that quarter; which books, after they are examined, and signed by the examiner, and surveyor general of the out ports, are sent to the comptroller general’s office.

The comptrollers, like wife, of the out ports fend up, at the same time, their account of the fame transactions, which ds-a check upon the accounts of the collector.

Every collector fends up likewise annually to the office, •«ii-«bftra&of the year’s transactions, which account is signed by himself and his comptroller.

From these books and abstracts the.comptroller general makes up the general account every year, and pafTes it in the office of the auditor of the imprest the last declared account is

for

A. 1781. DEBATES* 28

year 1769, but all the accounts are delivered into the audi- Appeaik. for’s office down to the year1777 inclusive, and in about a fortnight, that for the year .1778 will be delivered in also.

The account passed in the auditor’s office by the receiver general, is the cash account; that passed by the comptroller is the general account.

GuyCarUtont Joshua Powell.

71 Angulfhy

A- Piggott,

Geo. Drummond*

No. 5.

The Examination of Mr. Anthony Blinkhorn, AJJiJiant to

Receiver General of the Customs; taken upon the tub Bl’ikkarut.

of Decembery 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that the money received from the customs in London is daily paid into the receiver general’s office, by the chief teller, and, every Saturday, is carried to the bank; the bills for the duties received at the oht ports are also transmitted to the receiver general, and he fends them to the bank to be received. Every Tuesday, by the con-llant practice of the office, the receiver general gives the chief teller a draught upon the bank, for the whole amount of the balances of every duty paid in the Saturday preceding, and for the cash received for bills brought to account, to l>d paid ipto the exchequer; and the chief teller brings back tallies for those payments, and delivers them to the receiver general.

The year’s accounts are made up to the 5th of January every year, and are passed by the auditors of the imprest.

Guy Car let on p

f1 Anguijhy A. Blinkhorn.

A, Pigqotty

Richard Neave9

Samuel Beacbcrfi%

Geo. Drummond.

Vol.XVIII. O# N*

2tt PARLIAMENTARY A. ijSi.

Anwixli*. '

No. 6.

y*ma Dug-The Examination of Mr* Jamps Dugdale^ Recover

*t‘‘ General of the Stamp Duties$ tfkjn upon Oath, the II

December, IJ$Q* v

THIS examinant faith, That all {lamps issued from the office in London, are paid for in ready money; those issued into the country, are sent from the warehouse to person? cal* led distributors, who are appointed by the treasury, and who remit the money due from these (lamps, to the receiver general, by bills of exchange.

That the whole of the money received at the office, and bills when turned into cash, are, by an order signed by the commissioners, paid weekly into the exchequer. The whole account these dfltie* is eve^y year made up to the ad of August, inclusive, and the balance remaining paid into the Exchequer \ ancf the receiver pafies his yearly account io the office of the Auditor of the imprest.

Guy Cartoon, Jams* Dvgdalb.

F.Jnguish,

PtggOtty

Sanfuel

0eo* Drummond,

No. 7.

y$bw lUyd. The, Examination of Mr* John Lloyd, FirJk Clerk to the pomp* troller and Accountant General of the Stamp Office; tajeen Oath, the i$th of December, Xfiof

THIS examinant faith, That he has been in this office about fifteen years; and that it is one branch of his bqfiness to keep the accounts of the distributors of the damps in the country; by order of the Commissioners, he charges the distributors, who are in number about fifty-five, with the dafnps respectively sent to them, and they keep remitting every day the duties received for the damps they dispose of, chiefly by bills. On the 2d of August every year, "each distriWor makes up his account, swears it before a justice of peace, and transmitsit to the commissioners, who deliver it to.the comptroller. These distributors^ as he has heard, and believes, give security to the commissioners, proportioned to the extent of their district; and he never heard any complaint of keeping the duties'in their hands. Tftc Comptroller

swears

(^.

CX" Appendix,

th,fc

; £M the accounts o fconiptrolicr include those of the*receiver general. THi number of the commissioners of the stamj? duties is five, and they meet every other day*, and oftenevif riedeflkry', upon'the business of the office.

John Li-oVII.

No. 8.

The Examination o/\ Mil ward Rowe, esquire* one of the Com*

ntissioners fthe Salt Office; taken upon, the X2 tb<fR*w*.

December, 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that the duties on salt are received by persons yi the country, called collectors, appointed by the cotnniiilipners, and who are continually remitting to the board the duties collected by them, in bills; which bills are sent to the cashier, who receives them when due 5 and the Monday after' the bills are paid, the account is made up,' and on the next Wednesday the whol? balance is paid into the: Exchequer, reserving always in the hands,of the cafhter 'a sum not exceeding five hundred pounds, for the purport of paying incidental expences. The accounts arq yearly made up to the 5th of April, and are sworn to by three' cotnthissioners, before the cursitor baron of the Exchequer.

GuyCarleton, M. RoW$.

T, Anguijhy A. Piggott,

Rich.

Sam.BeacBcrefl,

Geo. Drummondi

No. 9.

The Examination of Mr. John Elliot, Jib* Ellkt.

Office 1 taken upon Oath, the 1qth of December, 1780.

TtilS exadainant faith, this duty* is. paid at the salt works,%y the proprietor of the works, to the collectors in the country

O02 The

(Sty CetflMrq T. Anguijhy

A. Eighty Richard NeavCy Samuel Beackcrofty Geo. Drummond.

A.i\yiu rr £b‘ A t e s.

fwdars to Ills accounts' every year before the barons of the chester, and pafles them lh the office of the auditor of

*f 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*1.

Appendix. The usual practice if this:—The charge of the duty made upon the proprietor by an officer, appointed by the office to deliver the salt; he enters in a book, called the fcorc book, the quantity delivered, the time when, and to whom. From this book the supervisor makes a charge upon the pro* prietor, for the information of the colleaor; who, from this charge, receives the duties every week, or oftener if necessary, or bonds for those duties, pursuant to the aift of parliament.

The celle&or generally remits to the board every week, by bills, nearly the whole of the week’s collection, as far as he can procure bills for that purpose : he is not permitted to retain more money in his hands than is necessary to answer the current expences of his office.

The supervisor fends up to the board, every week, an account current of the transitions of the week, signed by the collector and himself, for the information of the board; and every month the collector makes up his general account of all his receipts, remittances, and payments, and fends it up to the board, signed by himself.

The general accounts of the office are made up to the 5th of April every year, but cannot be completed until near a year afterwards, for want of being able to procure the accounts of the fish curers.

The number of commissioners are five, and they meet generally twice a week, and oftener if business requires it.

Guy Carleion^ John Elliott.

T. Anguijhy ' A. Piggott,

Rich. Neavef

Sam.

Geo. Drummond•. I

. No. 10.

Jamil Tur- The Examination of Mr, James T urner, of the Commis

mtr- Jioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; taken upon Oat by the

1 yb of December, 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that he has been, for near forty years, a commissioner for licensing hawkers and pedlars.

The duties arising from the licences granted by this office, are received either by the cashier in London, or by eleven ridirg iurveyors in the country. Those surveyors keep remitting to the office, by bill*, the duties received by them

for

A. 178*. DEBATES. *8

for the licences they dispose of; a monthly journal of which Appendix, they usually fend up to the office; and in the month of June, every year, they generally come to London, to settle their years accounts, return the licences undisposed of, and pay in the balance due from them : they are directed never to keep more money in their hands than is sufficient to pay their salaries.

The money received at the office, and from bills, is paid by the cashier, in conference of a general order of the board, fevery Wednesday into the exchequer, pursuant to the 9th and 10th of William the Third, provided it amounts to more than two hundred pounds, reserving such a sum as may be sufficient for the payment of salaries, incidents, and current expences of the office; and the cashier brings to the board the tallies for the Turns paid in 1

The commissioners make up their accounts yearly, swear to them before the barons of the exchequer, and then they are feat to the office of the auditors of the imprest, to be examined and palfed.

The commissioners are three in number; they usually meet on a Thursday, if they have any business. At the time of granting licences, aoout Midsummer, they attend eight or ten days together; at other times they frequently do not meet for a month together, unless business requires it.

Guy Carleton, J. Turner,

T. Anguljh,

Geo. Drummond•

No. 11.

The Examination of Mr. Joseph Marshall, Clerk to the Receiver JcfobMsr* General of the Duties on Hackney Coaches and Chairs; upon Oath, the 13 thos December 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that the duties arising from the rents of hackney coaches and chairs, are all paid to the receiver general, at the hackney coach office in London, in the name of the respective proprietors of the licences or figures.

The payment for each coach ought to be twenty shillings e cry twenty-eight days, or fourteen days after; and for each chair two shillings and sixpence every quarter day, or fourteen days after; and the full payment is usually made within tko or three months after it becomes due. The number -of coaches are one thousand, and of the chairs four hundred. Of these duties thirteen payments are always

made

*86

•ApfMtix. mad*

PARLIAMENT AkY.

A* i y8Y*

g By the receiver general, every year, into the exchequer. in three of the quarters, the payments are generally two of one thousand pounds each, and one of five hundred pounds; in the other quarter, three of one thousand* pounds each, and one of five hundred pounds, fn those months when the five hundred pounds only is paid, a sum is referred for the payment of the quarterly salaries of the officers, and the incidental expences of the office. These payments into the exchequer are made according to the usual course of the receiver’s office, without the intervention of the commissioners; the tallies for the payments are brought to the office, and the receiver general makes out a certificate of the receipts, payments, and remains for the month, which he signs, and carries to the board; the register copies the account, which the commissioners sign, and certify to the treasury.

The accounts of the office are usually made up to the 5th of July, about the Christmas following; and the whole balance is then paid into the exchequer.

After the commissioners have examined the accounts, they are carried to the office of the auditor of the imprest to be ’ passed, and the receiver general swears to them, before the barons of the exchequer.

There are five commissioners in this office, and they meet once or. twice a week, as the business required.

Guy CarUtony J, Marshall.

T. Anruish)

Rich. Ncavey Sam. Beachcrofty

Gig. Drummond.

tfa. 12.

No. i*.

O

o

General Poll Office, London* I*

VI

09

An Account of Receipts and Payments by Robert Trevor, efywrt^ Receiver, from the ef August

to the $tb of Septembert 1780*

CafhDr.

To a balance remaining the said 29th day of Agguft, 1780 — — 5,524 10 6

To so much received from that time to the 5th day of September following 2*142 10 5

£.17,667 — ii

Balance as above — — 16*927 — 11

Contra Cr.

By weekly wages paid the letter car-

riers «— — — 40 — — "

By weekly payment into the Exche- w

quer, the 5th of September 1780* 700 — —

----— W

740 — —

Balance — — 16,667 — n

£.92,667 —.11 H

Paid by incidents, once July 5th 1780 7,568 iB 11 Balance in hand — 9,358 —

£.16,927 r ii Rob. Tuvol

A. 1781.

288

Appendix*

PARLIAMENTARY

No.

’I'

W.

jLobat 7ft,rbeExamination of Robert Trevor, Receiver General

of the Revenue of the Post Office; taken upon Oatby the 12 of Decembery 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that he is receiver general of the revenues of the post office, and appointed by patent under the great seal.

Thp revenue of the post office is received by the receiver general, either in London, or in the country t in London, from the clerks who receive the postage of letters paid at the office; from the collector of the hye and cross roads letter office; from the collector of the penny post office, and the sorter at the chief penny post office; from the inland and foreign letter carriers; and express money from a clerk in the fee re-tary’s office : in the country, from the post masters only. Those clerks who receive the postage of inland letters paid at the office, and the inland lettet carriers, pay their receipt to the receiver general every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, according to a charge made upon them, by their comptroller; except the postage to America, which is paid ones a quarter* The collector of the bye and cross road office pays him, about the end of each quarter, to the amount of twelve or fifteen thousand pounds, upon an average; and the collector of the penny post office pays him, at the same time, about one. thousand pounds, upon an average, The clerks who receive the postage of foreign letters paid at the office, and the foreign letter carriers, pay in their re* ceipt every Wednesday, according tQ a charge made upon them by their comptroller.

The post masters in the country remit their receipt by bills to the secretary of the post office, who delivers them to the accountant general, and he brings them to the receiver gcr neral, who deposits them, after acceptance, in the bank, to be received when due. He pays into the exchequer every Tuesday seven hundred pounds, pursuant to the act of the 9th of Queen Anne, and at the same time fends thither a certificate of the balance in his hands; and at the end of every quarter he pays in the* balance of his receipt, ie-serving about five thousand pounds to answer the incidental warrants from the board, which are coming to him continually, to pay salaries, allowances to officers, clerks, and trades* men; which payments he does not take credit for until the, e.id of the the quarter; because the bill of incidents;

4 cannot

A. 1781. D^E BATES. *89

cannot be closed until that tigie. He makes up his accounts Appendix, annually, and fends them to the office of the auditor of the ' imprest, to be patted. 7

Guy CarletQfiy R. Tuvoft,

71 Anguifl))

A. Piggott,

Rich.

Sam• Btachcrofty

Drummond•

_ No. 14.

The Examination of William Fauquier,

General of the Post Office; taken upon Oath> the of De»

cembtTy 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that it is one branch of his office to keep the accounts of the post mailers in the country;

the charge upon them is made out by the fix inland clerks of the roads, and generally sent by them every other day to the accountant general’s office.

The account of each post master is sent to him quarterly, examined and signed by the accountant general.

The receivers bill book is sent to the accountant general’s office every day, by which it appears what bills have been remitted by each post master.

The accountant general fends to each post master, every quarter, an account of the balances due to or from him.

These accounts cannot be made up from the several books until near six weeks after quarter day, therefore, until that time, they do not know how much the quarter’s charge amounts to.

The office experts they shall clear this balance before the expiration of the next quarter; if they are above two quarters in arrear, the solicitor has orders to proceed against them.

The post matters of most of the great towns keep constant-ly remitting; and they all give security for their offices.

There ate but few defaulters, and those not to any considerable amount.

GuyCarkton%

71 Anguish,

An PtggOtt,

Rich. Neave,

Samuel Beacbcrcft% Geo. Drumm.

Vox.. XVIII,

W. Fauquier, Junior.

No.

V

PARLIAMENTARY

A. i

*9$

No. 15*

Appendix. 7}f fyajmnation of Mir. William Ward, Colleger of the Bye

and Croft ’Road Office mr taken upon 1 pb January 17(1.

W. Ward. THIS examinant faith, that he is coUe&or of the bye and cross road office in London* and receives this part of the post office revenue from the deputy post matters in the country; these deputy poll matters fend up their accounts to the bye road office every month* which accounts are all made up aoout a month after each Quarter day, and are then transmitted bach to them* with directions to remit to him die balance in their hands, ai soon as they can procure bills; which directions are complied with: these bUls are sent under cover to the comptroller in this office, who enters them in a book; ht fends them to the accountant, who likewise enters the®, and delivers them to the coUe^or, who, after acceptance, fends them to the bank to be received. He pay a* according tp Jus inftroftions, quarterly, one quarter under another, the whole net surplus of his receipt in the preceding

?quarter, to the receiver general of the post office; which net urplus has been, for these last two years, between fifteen and sixteen thooland pounds a quarter*

. GuyCarUtMt W. Waids

7*. Anguish)

A. PjgSM*

Geo. Drummond.

Nflu. t6.

£. Mu if0. Examination of Edward Mullo, Esquire. of the

First Fruits of the Clergy; taken upon, 22d

1780.

THIS examinant faith, that the u$t receipt of the fiett fruits, to the 30th of November latt, noW in his hands, amounts to four thousand three hundred spd thirty-two pounds eight findings and eleven pence three farthings*

The deductions out of this revenue amqunt, one year with another, to four hundred and forty-eight pounds fix fliiibngv and eight pence, of which deductions he ha$ paid, out of what he has received this year, two hundred apd $jfty two pounds ten shillings; the balance in his hands, and what more he shall receive during this month, is subjcjft to \he payment of the rclidue of the said deductions, to of other disbursements that he knows of.

1 Ever

A. 1781. DEBATES. a9t

Ever since be has been receiver, be has paid into the ex- Append!*, chequer, between the 28th of October, and the 4th of November, the net receipt of the year ending the 31st of December preceding*

Guy Cartoon, Edw. Mulso.

T. Anguish,

A.

Rich*Neave,

. Samuel Beachcrofi,

Geo.Drummond.

1

1

No. 17.

Itbe Examination of John Bacon,

the Ftrjl Fruits of the Clergy; taken upon Oath, 20 '

Decerhbet 2780.

THIS examinant faith, That’ he receives hirifelf ail this revenue, at his office, in London, as it arises, from the arch-Bishops, bifhnps, and clergy. The governors of queen Anne's bounty, to whom this revenue is granted in'trust, dfually meet in October or November; previous to which, the receiver pays into the exchequer the year's revenue yp to the 31st of December preceding. They mdy, if they chuse. caH upon the receiver to pay it in as soon as the year expires

Bat this has been the usual practice of the office for years pikfL

This revenue is subject, in the hands of the receiver, to one annuity of one hundred pounds a year, granted in the reign of Charles the Second, and to the salaries of officers, and fees of passing the acepunts, and to no other purposes whatever. The accounts are patted every year by the receiver, in the office of the auditor of the imprest.

Guy Cartoon. Jno. Bacon.

T.

A*Piggott,

Gdb.Drummond \

P P a No.

*9* PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

1

No. 18.

Money received by Edwa/d Mulfo, Esquire> Receiver of First Fruits, on that Account, from I January to 30 November

1780, both inclujtve, being as jar (is the Account is made up in this Tear.

£- 5. i.

January *33 l6 3 i

February 37° 5 6

March 241 7 Ji}

April 75i 3 7i

May - 5*5 0 4f

Tune 65* 7 JO}

July - 216 12 4f

August 66 5 4*

September J53 18 9

October - 265 16 6

- November - - 1108 4 4}

, ' ’ ‘ 45*4 18 n|

peduft payments made in the course of the

year, to said 30th November 1780 252 10 O

Nett money in receiver’s hands, 30th

November J78Q 433* 8 »J{

N. 5. The month December not being expired, is not fnade upt

First Fruits Office, Temple, Epw. Mulso, Rcc. 224 December 1789.

No. 19.

The Examination of Robert Chester,

ffo 20/Z> o/* December 1780*

THIS examinant iaith, That he is collector or receiver of the perpetual yearly tenths of all dignities, offices, benefices, and promotions spiritual whatsoever, granted to the corporation of the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, which have not been legally disc|iarged by any act or acts of Parliament made lince theineprporation of the said company; and that the whole of this revenue is received at the office in London, from or on account of the clergy.

4 Tbcft

A. 1781*' DEBATES.

m

These payments are due from the clergy at Christmas, and Apfsndix.-ought to be made before the last day of April following; if they arc not made before the 31st of May, he delivers an account of the defaulters into the Exchequer, but continues receiving until the end of the year, which is the Christmas following, to which time he makes up his yearly account; and about the end of June, or beginning of July, in the same year, delivers into the exchequer an account of all arrears received by him within the former year, ending at the Christmas preceding.

On the 8th of June lad he paid into the exchequer a sura, which was the amount of his receipt of the tenths due from the clergy at Christmas 1778, and of arrears due before that time, and received by him before Christmas 1779.

The usual time of paying this revenue into the exchequer, preceding the lad three years (when he made his payments on the 8th and 13th of June, and id of July) has been in the month of October or November, prior to the fird meeting of the governors of Queen Anne’s bounty, which is uiually in November.

The only payment this revenue is subject to, in the hands of the receiver, is an annual payment of fifteen pounds sixteen shillings and one penny to the dean and chapter of St.

Paul’s; the remainder is paid nett into the exchequer, all other outgoings and incidental expences being paid by the governors of Queen Anne’s bounty, out of this revenue, after it is received by them from the exchequer.

His accounts are passed yearly, in the office of the auditors of the impred.

GuyCarleton9 Rob. Chester*

T. Anguiftjy

A*

Rich.tSeaVey Sam. Beacbcrofty Geo.Drummond.

No. 20.

Account of tht Tenths of the Clergy, which have been received in the Twelve Tears last pa ft, ending at Christmas 1779, as appears by the Books at the Tenths Office; viz.

RECEIVED before Christmas 1768, for

£• '• a.

tenths due from the clergy at Chrid-

mas 1767 - - 9803 13 3

Received

*94

AfffHf

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

£. d.

Received before Christmas 1769, for do.

due from do. at Christmas 1768 10084 11 7

Received before Christmas 1770, for do.

‘due from do.' at Christmas 1769 Received before Christmas 1771, fordo.

due from do. at Christmas 1770 Received before Christmas 1772, for do.

due from do. at Christmas 1771 Received before Christmas 1773, for dd.

due from do. at Christmas 1773 Received be fort Ch rift mas 1774, fordo.

due from do. at Christmas 1773 Received before Christmas 1773, do.

due frorti do. at Christmas 1774 Received before Christmas 1770, for dd.

due from do. at Christmas 1775 Received before Christmas 1777, for A*.

due from do. at Christmas 1776 Received before Christmas 1778, for dd.

due from do. at Chpflmas 1777 Received before Christmas 1779, for d&. due from do, at Christmas 1778

ff886o 11

Dedudl twelve years payment to the dean and chapter of St. Paul’s, at £.15 16.1 each year - - - 189 *3 O

12) 218670 l8 a

Average per annum 9889 10

There is nOw in the hands of the receiver, which will be comprised in his year’s account of tenths ending Christmas day next, 1780, the sum of nine thousand eight hundred and ninety pounds and two pence halfpenny, which he will be ready to pay whenever the governors of Queen Anne’s bounty shall think fit.

20th December 1780. Rob. Chester, Rec.

9901 3 t if

9997 1 4

9777 15 41

983* 9 6

10043 4 6

9865 7 41

9918 13 ti

*0 00 •Os (8

#5 4 I2

9827 ’ t i*

A.

DEBATES.

Appendix*

No. 21.

The gxominftivtof Thomas Aftle, Esqvircy Receiver General qbmt

of the Deduthons of Six Renee in the Round on Penfansx Salaries y Reesx and WugeSy exceeding Fifty Pounds a Tsar

taken upon Qtffa f beibRfecemkfr 1780.

THIS examinant faith, This duty is collected by virtue of the 7th of George the First, chapter the 27th.

The receiver general of this duty usually receives every quarter from the greater offices, such as the exchequer, customs, and excise, general certificates, signed by the proper officers, containing the amount of the deduction made by their respective officers, from the penfipns, salaries, fees* and wages, chargeable with this duty in these offices.

From other offices, particular certificates, signed by the proper officers, are sent to him, containing the names of the persons charged,' ^nd the ftwas for which they ar$ charged,

lo conformity to these certificates, he demands and receive* these duties from the officers and pqrfons charged, some quarterly, some half yearly, and some yearly, according to the usage of his office.

•fie. epeeiyes alltjiefe duties himself; but the sum paid at the exchequer, which is by far the g«cat<ift p^rt of this duty, and in the prefect year amounts to upwards of twenty-dx thousand pounds, seldom comes actually into his hands, but is transferred by bim from the four offices of the tellers, to no accquot in the office of one of the tellers, kept for the purpefe of his payments, except the odd sums uodfer one thousand pounds, which he receives in cash,. uolei's that odd sum amounts to near one thousand pounds, in which case he generally makes it up to that iutn, and pays it in, it not being usual to pay in less than one thousand pounds, except the annual balance.

His other receipts he pays into the exchequer at fuel* times as he judges most requisite and convenient.

Pan of this duty is applied to the payment of the intcreflr of one million, borrowed of the bank at three per cent, which interest is paid at Midfumwer and Christmas; and he always* takes care to pay^into the exchequer a sum sufficient to enable them to advance to die bank a quarterY i^tcrefty as hath been usual.

Every

a96 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Appendix. Every year, about March or April, he makes tip his account to the 5th of January, and then pays into the exchequer the whole of his balance*

He paflfes his account before the auditor of the imprest, which is always declared at the Midsummer declaration*

The balance remaining in his hands, on the 16th. of December instant, is six thousand eight hundred and eighty-one pounds seven shillings and eleven pence; which he intends paying into the exchequer at the usual time, or sooner, if directed.

Guy Car let ony Tho* AsTLE.

jT* Anguish,

A. Piggoity Rich• NcavCy Sam• Bsachcroft.

a

No. 22. \

An Account of Montes received and.paid into his Exchequer by

Thomas Allen, Esq. Receiver General of the Deductions of Six-Pence in the Pound, since the Close of his last, ending January 5, 1780,-

viz. between the said §tb day of January and the 16 Day of this In* slant December 1780, inclujrve.

1780, Alienation Office.

Dec. 1 ith. Received Michaelmas term,

1779, and Hilary term 1780 ----

Received Easter and Trinity terms,

' 1780 ---- ----

Chelsea

Jan* 1 ith. Received one year’s deductions, ending December 24th,

1777

Customs.

July 15th* Received a quarter’s London l’alaries, between October 10,

1778, and January 5, 1779 ----

24th. Received a quarter’s do* between January 5, and April 5,

1779 ---- ----

August 9th, Received a quarter’s do. between April 5th, and July 5th,

1779>

£. $.

39 9

39 4 O

535 12 710 s 5 Sio n 9

£. 's. d.

78 13 6

So S o

Sept;

v^»

DEBATES.

A.1781.

1780,

Sept. 28th* Rec< between Tuly

_ 1779 n Feb. nth. Received a half year’s out

pom, ending January 5, 1780

July 20. Received a half year’s do.

ending July 5, 1780 ----

Exchequer*

Feb. 24th. Received at Mr. Town-shend’s office at Lord Hardwicke’s do. at Lord Northington’s do* at Lord Temple’s do. -Being deductions from Sept. 28 to December 24, 1779 May uth> Received at Mr. TowiJ-shend’s office

at Lord Hardwicke’s do. at Lord Nortkington’s do.

at Lord Temple’s db. ----

Being deductions from Dec* 25, 4779 to March 23, t780 August 3d* Received at the late Mr. Townshend’s office* now Mr. Pratt’s at Lord Hard wickeds ditto —r-

at Lord Northington’s do. —— at Lord Templet do. —

Being deductions from March 24 to June 23, <786 Nov. 7th. Received at Lord Hardwicke’s office ———

1 at Lord Northington’s do. ——1 at Lord Temple’s do. — -

at Mr. Pratt’s do. — —

Being deductions from June 24^ to September 28, 1780

Excise Office.

Feb* 24th. Received a quarter’s London salaries, ending January 5th, 1780 —

Total amount of the Exchequer, £.16,709

Vot. xvili. Q.q

*97

£ a Si di

» 463 *3 i

453 16 m

ON «•; 12

41s *4 7i

*>43* 0 4f

917 0 21

*,788 8

1,808 6 4i

a,059 19 3

3.169 14 a

243 7 6

183 15

®*7 4 4

2,4*0 *5 11

1,129 9 4

2,874 1 8

»,704 11 5

3,016 16 9

539 1 3

3><>33 li lol

6, £5* 10

7>S* 1 *i

4,5* 4

---- 3

*3

$,ar4 11 3

Mtj-

' 29* PARLIAMENTARY

1780,.

May 27th, Received a quarter's ditto ending April 5, 1780 —

August 25th. Received a quarter’s do,

ending July 5,1780 ----

Dec. 4th. Received a quarter’s do. ending October 10, 1780 —■ -

Feb. 24th. Received a quarter’s country talari es, ending January 5,

1780 —---- T, ----

May 27th, Received a quarter’s ditto

ending April 5, 1780 ---

Aug. 25th. Received a quarter’s do.

ending July 5, 1780 ----

Dec. 4th. Received a quarter’s do. ending October 10, 1780 ——

May 27th. Received one year’s incidents, ending October 10, 1779

£• Sm 409 15 11 402 8 io* 407 1 10J

1,067 7 5l

1,103 J3 l\ 1,077 19 o\ 15 91 449 5

Hackney Coaches.

May 24th. Received half a year’s fala-

ries, ending July 5, 1779 --- 15 o O

Received half a year’s ditto ending

January 5, 1780 —---- 15 O O

Received half a year’s incidents, en-

ding July 5, 1779 ---- 7 14 p

Received half a year’s do. ending* Jan.

15, 1780 896

Hawkers and

July 6th. Received one year’s deductions, ending January 5,1779 Navy

0£t. 24th. Received a quarter’s fala<-ries, ending at Midsummer 1779 227 IS 0

Received a quarter’s ditto, ending at Michaelmas 1779 162 6 i£

Received a quarter’s do. ending at Christmas 17791, Received a quarter’s do. ending at La>-dy Day 1780 242 8 3i

161 X IQJ

Received half a year's pensions, ending June 84, 1779 62 0 S

A. 1781

l- >• a

6,463 n 6{

46 3 6 43 4

Received

A. 1780.

D E B A

T E

S.

i*

3 o si 66 o 7 66 o 3

Received half a year’s do. ending Dec,

*4? 1779

Received by dedunions from £* 2,000 paid to the first Lord of the Adrnir ralty, from July 5, 1779, to July 5,

1780 - - 50 o o

Received by do. from JT. 120 5s. paid to Sir Richard Hughes, baronet, ( from March 25, 1779, to September 23 following, the time of his death - - -

Received a quarter’s docks and yards, ending at Lady Day 1779 Received a quarter’s ditto ending at Midsummer 1779 Received a quarter’s do. ending at ’ Michaelmas 1779 - - 66 o 7

Received a quarter’s do. ending at Christmas 1779 - - 65 19

Sick and Hurt. Oft 24th. Received half a year’s London salaries, ending at Michaelmas 1779 20 4

Received half a year’s ditto ending at Lady Day 1780 - - 23 5 6j

Received half a year’s country salaries, ending at Michaelmas 1779 19 2 6

Received half a year’s ditto ending at Lady Day 1780 - 21 J 6

Received by deductions from the salaries of William Cowdry and John Newfham, keepers of the prisonsof Plymouth and Forton, for half a year, ending at Michaelmas 1779 3 0 0

Received by deductions from do. for half a year, ending at Lady Day 1780 - - - 300

Received by deductions from salaries paid at Bristol, Falmouth, Winchester and Edinburgh, for half a year, ending at Michaelmas 1779 9 7

Received by do. from do. for half a year, ending at Lady day 1780 - 14 13 4

Q.Y*

Sm

299

dm

7l

1,230 14 I

114

O IIJ

ktciuaUwi

g'O PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

1780, /. A

Pi£iuhlling Office.

Not yet received, but will be brought into the general account;

Ordnance.

May 8th. Received half a year's deductions, being March and June quarters, 1779 7 F4& 13 t

Received half a ▼ear’s ditto, being September and December quarters,

I?79 r - - 144 II II

Pay Office.

August 2 ift. Received one ycatVde* ductions, from December 25, 1777,

to December 25, 1778 - - ----—*—

roft Office. '

March 22d. Received a quarter’s salaries, ending July 5, 1779 ~ 509*9 *0

Received a quarter’s do. ending OCto-

ber 10th, 1779. - - 502 ?0 i

AugUlt 25th. Received a quarter’s do.

ending January 5, 1780 - 510. 7 4

Received a quarter’s do. ending April

r>?7fa t 500 17 4

*93 $ 0

M97 *P 3

&t/i Office.

Jan. 28th. Received a quarter’s London salaries, ending July 5, 1779 " Received a quarter’s do. ending OCL ’ 10,1779

Received a quarter’s dot ending Jan.

<,1780 -

Sept. 26. Received a quarter’s do. ending April 5, 1780 r Jan. 28. Received one year’s country salaries, ending April 5, 1779 Received one year’s London incidents, ending April 5, 1778 - -

Received one year’s do. ending April

Sf 1779

Feb. 14th. Received half a year’s salaries, ending July 5, 1779 z -

—— ---- 2,023 13 10

3° 14 4*

30 14 4f

30 14 4f

30 14 4t

57 9 6

15 18 3*

15 16 212 2 Ij

99 11 3 Received

A-1781, DEBATE'S. 391

Received half a Year’s do, ending Ja- i. i* A

nuary 5th, 1780 - - 98 4 G

August 16th. Received half a year’s

do. ending July 5th, 1780 r 91 I3 9

July 18th. Received one year’s incidents, ending August 2d, 1778 4x5 '18 10

———506 7 10

Scotland \Exchequer.

1780. '

Feb. 4th, Received one year’s deductions, ending October ipj 1778 ——*-—1499 15

• Excise, - ,----

August 23d. Received one year’s deductions, ending at Midfummei*

1779 - - 242 1 11

Received one year’s incidents, ending at Midsummer 1779 - 24 11

----:— *66 13

Customs and Salt Duty.

Nov. 25th. Received one year’s deductions, ending the 10th October

1779 - - - 376 19

_, £• 45646 4

The above is a just aijd true account of all the deduct ions of six pence in the pound, which have been received by me, between the 5th day of January last, and the 16th day of this instant December inclusive.

Tho. Astle,

Receiver General,

Bettterfea Rift, 1 December 18th, 1780,!

Out of which sum the said receiver is entitled to retain in his hands the balance or surplusage due to him upon his account, ending January 5th 1780, amounting to — 10 15 6£

Also his salary df three pence in the pound, amounting to •— 57116

Also

y-

PARLIAMENTARY A.

Ifo by a warrant for incidental char-ges attending the execution of his

office ---- —

Ifo the fee to be paid to the auditor

of the imprefts ----

Vlfo for bill money, tallies, and other fe$s, paid and to be paid at the feye-veral offices, for obtaining a quietus on his annual account, which will end on the 5th of January 1781, about — —

£■ J. d. £. s. <L

IOO O O

50 0 0

33 0

Total of the charge Payments.

1780. March 14th,

April 28th. May nth, August 3d. 29th. Oft. 27th. "Nov. 7th. Dec. 12th, 1 ()th.

Paid into his Majesty’s exchequer Paid more Paid more Paid more Paid more Paid more Paid more Paid more Paid more

The discharge

Balance

764 17 9i

44,881 7 11

- 1,000 0 0

• 1,000 0 0

— 7,000 0 0

4,oco 0 0

1,000 0 0

— 4,000 0 0

— 8,cco 0 0

4,coo 0 0

8,000 0 0

38,000 o o 6,881 7 11

A'. 7>. This balance will be paid into the exchequer in a short time after the close of the annual account, which will end on the 3th of January 178-1, according to the ulage of former years.

The above ffatc of my account is just: and true, to the best of my Knowledge and belief.

Palter fra

December 18th, 1780.

Tho. Astle, Receiver General.

No. 23.

A. 1781*

DEBATES.

3*5

- No. 23.

*The Examination of Richard Carter, Receiver of the

Deductions of One Shilling in the Round upon Offices and

Jions \ taken upon Oath9 ihe I §tb of December 1780,

THIS examinant faith, that this duty is collected by virtue of the 31st of George lid, chapter 22d; and such parts of it as are stopt in the offices in London, out of the salaries and pensions there issued or. paid, are received by himself, some quarterly, some half-yearly, some annually, according as the smallness of the sum, or circumstances of the payment, render it necessary or convenient.

The only persons in the country, from whom he receives this duty, are the collectors of the customs at the out ports; these collectors return every year, to his requisition, an account, signed by themselves, of their yearly salaries and fees, made up to the 5th of April, with a bill for the amount of the duty upon them.

The money received for this duty is usually paid into the exchequer by quarterly payments, soon after it is received; he himself has paid it in oftener, and has reserved in his hands about two thousand pounds.

The account of the year’s receipts and payments has been, as he believes, usually made up once a-year, to the 5th of April, and the whole balance remaining in the receiver’s hands then paid into the exchequer, and the accounts are passed in the office of the auditor of the imprest.

The only dedu£tion$ out of this duty are the'three pence in the pound upon the gross receipt, allowed to the receiver (who pays out of that poundage all the expences of collecting the duty) and fifty pounds paid to the auditor of the imprest towards passing the accounts.

Guy Carletoity Rich. Carter.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggot9

Rich. Neave9

Sam• Beachrofty Geo. Drummond*

No. 24*

J

Vo, 24.

An Account of all tbs Public Monies received, and paid into tbs Receipt of Hit Exchequer, by Richard Car-

ter, Esquire. Receiver of the Duty oj One Shilling in the Pound on Offices, Pensions, &c. with the Balance in his Hands, up to QElobtr 20th, 1780*

o

o

c§

FT

Richard Carter, Dr. £* s%

To cash received at different timea,

up to October 20th, >780 >4,734 >9 3$

Per Contra Civ £+ a. By cash paid at sundry times into his Majesty's exchequer^ up to O&o-

btraoth, 1780, o o

By do* fotv this receiver’s poundage on £• *4>734- 19*+

the pound —■ *84 3 8j

By do. remaining in the hands of this accountant, this 20thday of October 1780 2,050 15 7

14.734 *9 Si X- *4.734 »9 3l

The above is a true account.

RtCKA&B C'AhTXRi

tASLIAMENTAitt A. ifSd.

1781* DEBATES*

No. 25.

An Account of tbt Net Produce of the Revenues of the Office

for Five Yearly from Lady Day 1708 to Lady 1713.

Nett Produce. J. s.

From Lady Day 1701 to Lady Day 1709 65,200 8 5

1710 65,679 17 5

1711 58,903 o 3

1712 84,621 9 10

1713 93>74* 7 6

Wm. Fauquier, Junior, General post office. Accountant General.

January 2 2d 1781.

\ No. 26.

An Account if the fVeelly Balances in my, as Receiver Ge* ' neral of the Revenues of the Post Office, for one, ending

the 10 tbDay of October9 1780, as certified by me to the Trea-

f«ry'

General Post Office, December 21ft 1780. Balance the quarter ending July 5th 1780 £. 6,323 9 o

uly 11th uly 18th ^uly 25th August 1 ft August 8th August 15th August 2 2d August 29th September 5th September 12th September 19th September 26th October 3d October 10th

Balance of the quarter on the 12th October 1780 —— —

Rt.

6,022 7,272 9,071

10,53° 9

11,741 14 12,74a 3 14,074 14 i$,524 10 16,927 0 19,009 18 20,751 9 20,504 10

18,973 7

a,i6»

o 2 2 6 19 10

9 3 4 2

7 6 IX

4

1

2

XI

7

5,83a

Tblkvor.

305

PARLIAMENTARY a, 1781

3°*

No. ty.

JnAccount of the j^uairUrfy axifing the Revenues

of the Pofi Office, and Money by me into the

upon the Four Quarters ending the lOtb Day of October, 1780*

General Poll Office, December, sad, 178a. January cth 1780. Money paid into the exchequer —— 9,000 O O

Balance then remaining 5,479 5 6 April 5th 1780. Money paid into the ex- '

chequer — 30,000 O O

. Balance.then remaining 5,642 10- 3 July 5th 1780. Money paid into thee*-

chequer ——- 20,000 o o

Balance then remaining 6,323 9 o October 10th 1780. Money paid into the exchequer —- 20,000 O O

Balance then remaining 5,838 1 6

Rt. T8Evo*•

No*

ft

No. aS«

01

ui

w

w

o

An Account of the Qrofi Receipt, DeduEUom, Gross Produce, of Management, and Net Produce, of the Duties

axifing from Stamps> Salty Licences to Hawkers end Pedlars, and ia Hacknty Coaches and Chairs, for One Tear.

Office

Ye*

ptoft Receipt.

To be 'deduced, Dfciwtacfcs, Boa&tieiy DifcOUDtS,

Cross Produce.

•CEtrgrt of Manage-

menu

Nett firodnee.

177

Stamp office, ---- 537 12 4? — — — 537202 12 4$ 3922* 17 i j 4979&0 *5 3

1776

Salt.office, —

177S

Hawker* and pedlara,

Hackney coaches and chain, 13260 — —

•95489 8 tij 622865 6 2f 272624 2 9 26410 is 246213 7

8577 18— 477 10— 8100 8— 28m » 5*89 5 10

*---- 13*99---- 2133:14 9 11665 7 3

*54469. *j 4t 623343 16 a| 831126- 3 ij 70577 t 7’ 56659815 6

•3

No. 29,

A. ijSt

jo* PARLIAMENTARY

No. 29.

The Examination of Edward Naifh, Secretary

to the Tax Office; taken upon Oath> the 22, 1781.

THIS cxpminant faith, that the commissioners of the tax office are seven in nunjber $ they have no power or controul over the receivers general of the land tax, except that, having knowledge of the money in their hands by their quarterly returns, and of their payments into the exchequer by the week* ly bills transmitted from thence to the tax office, the com?* - missioners have the power of directing their folijcitdr *p prosecute the defaulters and their sureties, and torepresent them to the treasuryj in order to prevent their being re-appointed.

The commissioners usually meet thrice a week; and three constitute a board. The business of their meeting is to receive and answer letters from the receivers general and surveyors of the duties upon houses and windows; to write to the acting commissionejrs in the country, that they may etl-force payment of the taxes, either from the districts charged, or the collectors, which ever of them ate backward in their, payments; to approve or disapprove of the sureties proposal by the receivers general; and to examipe and make out the weekly certificate to t^e treafuj*y. r Guy Carleton^ Edwd. Naish,

T, Anguish

APigtott)

, Rich. Move,

Sam. Beachcrofty Geo. Drummond*

Account of the Number of Houses within, each in England and

ffralesyand the Town of Berwick upon the Num-

ber in each City and Town, wherein there are four hundred, and upwards, chargeable to the Duty on Houses a$d

Counties Places. No. of houses. Total No.

Bedford - OOOO 7294

Berks Windsor - 428

. Newbury - 4*3

' Reading The outer part of the county 672 IOOOOJ ,11560 Buck)

A. i jSi. DEBATES. A

Counties. Places. Number of Housei, ToM Ho.

fucks - - nr 13013

Cambridge Town and upiverfity i9«

Wffbeach - - The other part of the county 469 1018& 72583

£hefter

City - - 1244.

Macclesfield *» 449

>, .Stockport - - r 6x2

. The other part of the county 19633 «93&-

Cornwall

- - - - 18185

1 4 s Carlisle r Whitehaven. -. -The other part of the county 4$« 1298 14533 16261

Derf»y Town r r 1358

The other part of the county 16073 y

■ 17431

Devoq Exeter Plymouth 1474 I$IO

Stoke Damerill - - Tavistock Tiverton The other part of the county 11 yt 489 435 3573° 4078$ I45S4

Dorset Town and county of Pool The ocher part of the county 523 14031

Durham Darlington Stockport town and borough Sunderland The other part of the county 444 431 ,JK 1633S,

York City 2285

East Riding Hull and county 1370 628

North Riding Scarborough - - -

Whitby - - 548

West Riding Bradford Doncaster r 403 5H

Halifax - Leeds - - Sheffield 440 1529 2002

Wakefield

PARLIAMENT

Places.

$10

West Rising Wakefield

The other part of the county

ARY. A* i>8t«

Number of Houses. Total JTp.

Essex Colchester

s. - - The other part of the county

Qloucester City

St. rhip and St. Jacob -The other part of the county

{Hereford Hereford

•v Leommfter

. The other part of the county

Ifcrtford. Town«

The other part of the county

j^ntipgdojv

Canterbury -

.* Chatham -

Deal w _ i

Deptford - r

Dover - -*

Feversham

. Folkstone

Gravesend Greenwich

St. John, isle of Thanet Maidstone -

Ramsgate

Rochester -

« Sandwich -

. Woolwich

The other part of the county

Lancaster Town w

Liverpoole - -

• Manchester Preston. f Warrington The other part of the county

Ific^fTt. Borough

544

*7925

828

25547

841

555

1^69

1

IO

8064

401

IO635

881

926

n93

4S2

533

401

1555

440

?a?

4SO

690

25821

604

'3974

402

479

35»4

1561

98278

*6375

2046j

93l8

71036

5809

3*447

43092

Leicester

A.i7*t.

Count ies. X^eicester

JLincoln

DEBATE

Places. Loughborough -

The other part of the county

City ‘

Boston Grantham Stampford ‘

The other part of the county

London

Middlesex

Brentford Chelsea Edmonton Hackney

Islington Kensington Mary-le-Bone St. rancras *'

Westminster City and liberty

The other part of the county

s.

Number of Houset/ 44O

*3834

006

469

4Si

576 ' 23991

16332

477

6lO

V ,18

828

- 700 3664

' *273

- *7012

359I&

Norfolk

Northum-

berland

Notts

Norwich King’s Lynn Yarmouth -

The other part of the county

Alnwick -

Halthwiftle ' Hexham - -

• Newcastle upon Tyne Shields

The other part of the county

Berwick upon Tweed Town - -

Mansfield -

Newark -

The other part of the county

Northampton Town

Peterborough

The other part of the county

682

*9548

5^3

455

402

221

57

r3694

r533

5I?

538

11665

706

4 473 20020

3U

TotalN*.

1583$

*5*3$

62123

33*94f

17861

67%

*424®

3ia PARLIAMENTARY A. 178/.1

• Counties. Places. Number of Hoofcs. Total IN.

Oxford City and university *1 he other part of the county 2p6 11338 r >3654

Rutland - '474

' Salop Ludlow - 430

Shrewsbury - -The other part of the county 18213

Somerset Southampton Bristol w Bath -. -Walcot, and suburbtof Batly. The other part of the county Town Winchester 3947 "73 786. 22650 535 613 28556

The other part of thef county 16851 *7999

Stafford Litchfield Walsall borough. 7 Wolverhampton 407 644 683

The other part of the county 24O9I 25815 27950

Suffolk St. Edmund Bury Ipswich - *• The other part of the county 648 1244 26058

Sufftx Chicester 621

The other part of the county 14259 14880

Surrey 0 Croyden - - 6l2

Kingston 431

Mitcham Richmond - 462 400

Wand (worth - - 449

Southwark Borough - 12120

The other part of the county 14079 28553

Watwick Town - - 495

Birmingham - - 2291

Coventry - The other part of the county .890 23029 26705 6097 Wilts

Wcftmortla^d - -

I

A. 1781.

Counties.

Wilts

Wor a&tt

t>E B A T ft S. ’

Places. Number of Houses.

Saturn - - *, 864

The other part of the county

Town

The xither part of die county

Angldfea *

Birecon -

Cardigan .,.

Carmarthen Borough -

The other part of the county

Carnarvon - -

Denbigh •

Flint -

Glamorgan -. - -

Merioneth - - -

Monmouth -

Montgomery - " -

Pembroke Radnor* -

*33°

JU

IX44I

430 67 of

Office for Taxes,

13 January 1781.

Total

C. Rigby,

Ban. Bull, Gjborg£ Blount.

3*3

Total N#.

*i24

ta*66

4104

3610

3*47

7130

39®°

6639

3356

5234

3705

4433

7961

3408

2609

95*73*

N. B. The number of houses opposite the towns in the first column of this account, contains only the number of inhabited houses, in each, chargeable to the window duties. The last column contains the total number of houses and cottages in each county.

Vol.XVIII. Sf

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

4 after 4he party attacked shall require it ' yjet t?ro years have passed, without the least assistance given to iis without, a single syllable in answer to our repeated demands.

" So totally regardless have the States been of their tteah ties with us, that they readily promised our enemies to oh-serve a neutrality, in direct contradi&iou to thpfc engage* mentis, and whilst they have withehd from us the succours they were bound to fumish, every secret assistance has been given the enemy; and inland duties have been taken oflj far the (ole purpose of facilitating the carriage of naval (lores to France.

w In diredfc and open violation of treaty, they fuftered ait American pirate to remain several weeks in one of their ports; and even permitted part of his crew to mount guard in a fort in the Texel.

" Io the East Indies, the fubie&s of the States General* in concert with France, have endeavoured to raise up enemies against us.

44 In the West Indies, particularly at St. Euftatius, every prote&ion and assistance has been given to our rebellious subjects. Their privateers are openly received into the Dutch harbours; allowed to refit there; supplied with arms and ammunition; their crews recruited; their prizes brought in and fold; and all this in direct violation of as cle?Capd folenrn stipulations as can be made.

44 This conduct, so inconsistent with all good faith, (6 repugnant to the sense of the wisest part of the Dutch potion, is chiefly to be aferibed tc*, the prevalence of the leading roagistrates of Amsterdam', wEofe secret correfppndence with our rebellious subjects was suspedbed, long before wa* made known by the fortunate discovery of a treaty, the first article of which is, There shall be a Arm, inviolable and universai peace, and sincere friendship, between their High

Mightinesse, the estates of the seven United Provinces of

Holland, and the United States of North America, and the

hibjects and people of the said parties; and between the countries, islands, cities and, towns, situated under thu. 4 jurisdiction of the said United States of Holland, and the (hid Un i ted States of America, and the people and inhabitants dim-' 4 of, of every degree, without exception of per foils or places."

This treaty was signed in September 1778, by the exprofa order of the pensionary of Amsterdam, and other principal magistrates of that c.cy, They now not only avow the whole transaction, hut glory in it, and expressly say, even to this. States General, that what they did was what their iadif-

penfable duty required.*

'. ' In

A. 148*. O £.• $ A T 15 S,

" In the mean time, the States General declined to give any answer to die memorial presented by our ambassador; and this refusal was aggravated by their proceeding upon other business, nay upon the confederation of this yery subject to internal purposes; and while they found it impomble to approve the condu£l of their subjects, they frill industrioufl j avoided to give us the satisfaction so mamfeftly due*

"We had every right to expect, that such a discovery would have roused them to a just indignation at the iofult offered to us, and to themftlyes; and that they would have been efget v to give us full and ample satisfaction for the offence, and to-iam& the severest punishment upon the offenders. The ' urgency of the business made an instant answer essential to the honour and safety of this country* The demand was accordingly pressed by our ambassador in repeated conferences, /with the ministers, and in a second memorial: it was pressed ' with all the earneftnest which could proceed from our ancient friendship, and the sense of recent injuries; and the answer nowgiven to a memorial on such asubject, delivered ahout live weeks ago, is, That the States have taken it adfcrendpm.* Such an answer upon such an occasion, could only be dictated by the fixed purpose of hoftitity meditated, and already resolved, by the States, induced by the offenflve council of Amsterdam, thus to countenance the hostile aggresston, which the magistrates of that city have made in the name of the Republic.

"There is an end of the faith of all treaties with them, if Amsterdam may usurp the sovereign power, may violate thoff treaties with, impunity, by pledging the States to engagements directly contrary, and leaguing the Republic with the rebels of a sovereign to whom she is bound by the clofcfb ties. An infraction of the law of nations, by the meanest member of any couritry, gives the injured state a right to demand satisfaction and punishment: how much more so, when the injury complained of is a flagrant violation of public faith, committed by leading and predominant members in the state ! Since then the satisfaction we hatev demanded is not given, we must, though most reludattly, da purselves that justice which we cannot otherwise obtain : we must confide r the States General as parties in the injury* which they will not repair, as sharers in the aggression which they refuse to pqnish, and must act accordingly. We have therefore ordered our ambassador to withdraw from the Hague, and shall immediately pursue such vigorous mea- Turn

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178*.

fores as the occasion fully justifies, apd our dignity and the dfential interests of our people require. ‘

ct From a regard to tha Dutch nation at large, we wish it were possible to direct those mealuYcs wholly again# Amsterdam; but this cannot be, unless the States General will immediately declare, that Amfferdam shall, upon this occasion, receive no assistance from them, but be left to abide the conferences of its aggression.

" Whilst Amfterdatn is suffered to prevail in the general counsels, and is backed by the streogih of the date, it is impossible to relict the aggrefiion of so considerable a part, without contending with the whole. But .we are too sensible of the common interests of both countries not to remember, in the midst of such a contest, that the only point to be aimed at by us, is t6 raise a dispofitioft in the councils of the republic t 6return to our ancient union, by giving us that satisfaction for the patty and'feoirity for the future, which we shall be as ready to receive, as they can be to offer; and to the attainment of which we shall direct jdl our operations/ We mean only to provide for our own security, by defeating the dangerous designs that have been formed against us. W* shall ever be disposed to return to.frjendship with the States ' General, when they sincerely revert to that system which the wisdom of their ancestors formed, and Which has now been fubVerted by a powerful sass ion', conspiting with France against the true interests of th? republic, no Ids than against those of Great Britain.

St. James's, Dee. 20, 1780. G.

% 4

Copy of the Precis of what Sir Joseph Yorke said to the Deputies' of* the States Generalon the 2d of November, 1778.

<c THEIR High Mightioefles will have received, by the answer from Lord Suffolk, one of his MajestyS principal secretaries of state, to the Count Welderen, dated the 19th of October, the most convincing proofs of his Majesty’s friendship towards them.

<€ After an explicit detail of the hostile and unprecedented’ Condu&ofhismoftChristian Majesty,which conduct occasioned the Teeming irregulatity of the court of Great Britain, in leiz-ing the ships appertaining to neutral powers bound to the ports of France, the measure hath been fully explairied on die principles of necessity and self-defence, against an enemy

A. 1781. DEBATES.

who hath ever a fled covertly and by surprize. The mo-deration and equity of the King my mailer would not permit him to disregard the complaints of the subjects of their High Mightincfies, from the moment there appeared a poffibility to renew them. It is for this reason that his Majesty has declared his intention to release the Dutch vefieis, under conditions the mod amicable and the lead disad van-tageous, as far as circumdance* will admit. The war, however, dill continues, and the aflive endeavours of the enemy *tg pulh matters to extremity, obliges his Majesty to guard ?gaihft the danger. 1 He wishes, nevertheless, to involve his good neighbours and allies as little as possible, and although France has even threatened to invade his Majesty’s dominions and territories, having, for that purpose, a He milled numerous armies on their coad, the King, my mader, dill forbears to claim such succour from their High Mightincffcs as they are bound to grant, by the most explicit and solemn treaties, whenever such succours may be on his part required, namely, the treaty of 1768, and the separate article of 1716; his Majesty confines himself, for the present, solely to lay before their High Might!nesses the date of affairs, the motive, oiF his condufl, and thfc necessity he finds himself under to take measures for his own defence, and the preservation of hi! dominions.

41 It is only with this view that I am ordered by his Britannic Majesty to propose to their High MightinclTes a conference, to consider of the most proper means towards an amicable regulation of such a mode of proceeding in future, respecting such articles as his Majesty, without yielding to his enemies, cannot possibly suffer them to be supplied with. It cannot have eleaped the attention of their High Mfghtinesses, that Lord Suffolk, in explaining his Majesty’s sentiments to# Count Welderen, fully demondrated the Kipg’s sincere delirc to pay the drifted regard to faith of treaties, as far as they do not directly tend to expole him to imminent danger. It is by no means his intention, nor is it his wish, to cause the leait interruption to the commerce of Holland, usually carried on with France, excepting warlike and naval dorcs; and even this restriction (halMie enjoyed with the utmod equity, Tind I am confident, with every podible degree cf generality, \ u I therefore, in obedience to my irvftruflions, have taken the liberty to requed an audience, to know whether, in consequence of the answer delivered to Count Welderen, their High Mightinesses are resolved to open a conference with

me}

PARLI AMENT ARY A. f7$t.

ttfc} On my part, I intreat you 16 afiure their High Mighti-ntffes, that as well fr&m my being authorised by his Majesty, as from my being petfonally disposed, afrer a residence in this country of twenty-seven years, their High Mighti-ftefles will lind in me every readiness to attend to their complaints, and regard for their welfare; and I flatter myself, that in the course of the conference I shall convince them, that whatever forced and affected turn may have been given to the cdnduct of my court, it has been founded on the justice, moderation, and the necessity of our situation. In expectation of the decision of their High Mighti Defies on what I have laid before them, I trutfl that their known equity and friendship towards his Majesty, agreeable to their recent srfiurances by their envoy, will prove fuflkient not to autho-tife their subjects to carry naval stores, under convoy, to France, as being the most dangerous objects to the security of Great Britain*’

Copy of a Manorial prefinted by Sir Joseph fork to the General of the United Provinces of the Lou/ Countriesy oft the 22dofJufy, 1779.

" High and Mighty Lords,

" Since France, by the declaration made London on the 13th of March last year, fully discovered the vail and dangerous designs which the family com pad had before announced to Europe, this part of the world mull bear witness to the wisdom and moderation of the King of Great Britain, who endeavoured to ward off the calamities of war, avoiding, as much as polhble, engaging his neighbours and allies* " A conduct like this, founded in the mod pointed moderation, seemed so much to embolden the court of Ver-failles, that after perfidiously encouraging of rebel subjects, Under the malk of liberty, commerce, and independence, to plunge a poigtj^rd into the heart of their mother, country; France, not contented with so hostile a proceeding, hiu, without any national quarrel, drawn Spain into its views, and, without any plauflble reasons to colour the clelign, is making every preparation that an imperious disposition can dictate to invade the British islands.

lions,

and reiterated imtances wmen the King could not but make to you, relative to the naval armament;

ltd

L.

jL iW.- DEBATES* ‘

abd the notorious danger of England will, no doubt, convince all the subjects of theie provinces, who have hitherto $6ke against it, of the neceftity of this request of my court, €i But those motives, which were only palliatives to prevent an evil, are now out of season; the danger is become imminent, and the remedy must be speedy* The stipulations of a treaty, founded on the interests of trade only, must give way to those founded on the dearest interests of the two nations* The moment is come to decide, whether Great Britain, who has spilt so much blood, and expended so much treasure to fuc-cour others, and to maintain liberty and religion, to have Ho other tifoHrccs against the malice and envy of heir enemies, than heir own courage, and her own strengfh; whether (he is to be abandoned by her moftr ancient friends and allies, to the moftrambitious views of the Hotffe of Bourbon, which wotkld‘CrUfh all, to reign over all; ahd‘whetheV Europe in general, and your High Mightinesse in particular, will wim indif&rehce fee a system established, which will evidently deftrOy1 that cquiliDrium which is the only guarantee of ydur conferee, liberty, and even existence itself.

4€ The King, high and mighty Lords, has tco high an opinion the underftanduig, the good faith, and the wisdom of the Republic,: to .doubt a moment of the fentitnents of your High Mightinesse on this occasion. A nation whoso rnftory contains scarce any thing but the detail of the dangers the ambition France successively created, whose best diyTMpn with theSr union with England* In short, a na-tfa# iSuftomed to sex!t& the literal exCCufion of a hard tteJqr, has tpo much generosity not to fulfil those-which WvOunhed the interests of the two nations upwards of a mntf! - v

Xtis in this perfuaflon, joined to all that is held most sacred Afoftg'meir, 5Wiat the under-written ambassador extraordinary atm pldftfjxrtefltiary from the King of Great Britain, has, ly cxprtfs order, thi honour to notify to your High Migh-ti defies, that the danger whiibh threatens his kingdoms, ne-deffitatev his Majesty to reclaim, without loss of time,; the itecduiVittpftfated in the treaties of 1678, and others, and <8fWjiieh'thle cafusf<ederisis so folly explained in the fepa-itatarfticle'of 1716-. His Majesty e’xpefts the fame with doftfideiice from a neighbour, who has never failed in his engagements; and for the rest*confides in the divine belie-(Saion oft the justdeft'of his cause, and on tlte fidelity and ftloit of hK fbbjefts;. 1

Vol. xvra. T c " The

PARLIAMENTARY A. ijtu

u Tbc underwritten waits with the greatest, impatience Tor a just, fpCedy, and favourable answer, and is ready to tonfer with the deputies of your High Mightinesses on what ■steps arc further necessary to be taken*

(Signed) Joseph Yorke."

Hague, July 22, 1779-

7 Yanjlation of a Memorial presented Sir Joseph Yorke, to the States General, the ittb November, 1779.

u High and MightyJLords,

u THE King cannot fee without ^e the file nee which has been observed towards him, upon the memorial, which by order of his Majesty the under written hacf the honour to present to your High Mightinesses, more than four months ago, to demand the succours stipulated by treaties

His Majesty would not have called for the assistance of his allies, if he had not been fully authorised thereto by the ihreats, |he preparations^ and even the attacks of his enemies, and if he had not thought your High ^IightinefTcs as much intcreftfed in the safety of Great Britain a* in your own preservation.

. " The spirit and the letter of the treaties, equally^bear testimony to this truth. Your High Mightinesses are too wife and t;oo just to elude the observance of them, especially after having yourselves sollicited the addition of the Separate article of 1716, in which the foederis is stipulated in a clear and incontestible manner.. 4

f " The hostile declaration made at London, by the Marquis of Noarlles, the attack of the island of Jersey, the (iegp of Gibraltar, and all the other equally notorious enterprizes, are so many proofs of open and direct agression. Beside* Your High MightindTcs have fcen.during the-last summer, die combined forces of the House of Bourbon, evidently directed to the attack of his Majesty's kingdoms, and although the king’s vigorous measures, the zeal and patriotic efforts, of the English nation, accompanied by the divine bleflSng, have happily adverted hitherto these ambitious designs-; yet the danger still exists, and* our enemies continue to announce with the fame parade and confidence formidable descents and invafipns under the prote&ion.of their whole naval force.

" The King can never imagine, that the wiic^pm of your High MigHtinefies can firifer you to be indifferent when such

solid

32

A. tjSi. DEBATES.

t r

solid interests and comtnon to both countries are at stake, and ftijl 1‘cfs can the King Imagine/ that you are not convinced of the justice of the motives which have determined his Majesty to claim the succours that are due on so many accounts. His Majesty inclines to believe, that your High Mightinesses having come to a resolution to augment your pacvy, had from prudence, delayed your anfiver jtill you were in a fitter situation.to furnifti the succours required.

u It is for this reason, that I have orders in renewing the strongest instances upon this subject, to demand of your High Mightinesses, in the most friendly manner, not to defer the concerting the means of fulfilling, your engagements in this respect. The decision of your High Mightinesses is so necessary and so important in its. consequences, that the King would think fie was wanting to himself» to his subjects, and to those of the Republic, if his Majesty did not fcriously recommend this affair to the full bpt speedy de* liberation of your High Mightinesses. It is of infinite import to the King, that he should be clearly^nforme^ upon lb essential an object by a precile and immediate answer.

" His Majesty hopes, from the equity of your High Mightinesses, that your answer will be conformable 10 treaties and to the fentitnents of friendship, which he has always entertained towards the Republic, and it will be,accordin£ to the resolution of your High Mightinesses, that his Majesty will take such further measures as he shall judge to be best adapted to the circpmstances, and most fitting for the fc-cutity of his state, the welfare of his people, and the dignity of his crown.

Done at the Hague, 26th Nov. 1779.

(Signed) Joseph Yorke.

Copy of a Declaration presented by Joseph Yorke to the Staffs General) the \Qthof November, 1780,

t€ High and Mighty Lords,

€i THE King, my Matter, has, during the whole cour'fe of his feign, manifested the strongest desire of maintaining _ the union that has subsisted for above a century between him and this Republic. This union rests on the firm basis of reciprocal interest; arid, as it ever was known to contribute greatly to the advantage of both, nations, their natural enemy has set to work all the engines of politics to destroy it. Tor iomc time such attempts have met with but too great4 a v T t 2 Tucceft,

PARLIAMENTARY a. 17*1.

success, being countenanced by a fad100 *hat wishes id calc over the whole Republic^ ana is ever ready to sacrifice the public good to its own private views. His Maie&y fees, with no less surprize than concern, the little regard that has been hitherto paid to his reiterated claim, of the assistance stipulated by titatits, and to the remondrancesmade by his ambadador, on the daily infractions of the mod solemn engagements.

" The King’s moderation has induced his Majesty to look upon the conduct of your High Mightincffes, as the working of a predominant C&bnl, and is dill persuaded that your wifiJam and judice will disreft you to fulfil your engagements towards him, and to shew by all the tenour of your future condoCt, that you are determined to pursue with vigour, the plan set on f60t by the wisdom of your ancedors; the only one that panse cure the safety and glory of the Republic.

u The aufwer your High Mightinesse will be pleased to return to the following declaration, which the underwritten now presents by. express command of his court, will prove the touchdone of your intentions and sentiments towards his M^edy.

(< For a long time pad his Majesty has had numhcrlds fufmiles of the dangerous designs hatched by an unbridled faction; but the papers of the Sieur Laurens, calling him* self president of the pretended Congress, have led to the dif* "covtry of a plot unprecedented in the annals of the Republic. It appears by the papers alluded to, that the States of Amder-dam have entered into a clandestine correspondence with the American rebels, so early as the month of Augud, 1778; that indroCtions and powers have been given by them,* for the purpose of entering into a treaty of in^idoluble friend* ship with the said rebels,* natural subjects of a ibvereign to whom the Republic is joined by the drifted ties of friendship. The authors of this plot do not pretend to deny it. They, on the contrary, avow and labour, though in vain, tojudify it. In these circumstances, the King, relying on the equity of your High Mightinefies, requires that lb irregular a con* dust may be formally difavowea, as it is no less contracy to your mod sacred engagements, than repugnant to tl\e Dutch conditution. The King further infids on l'peedy satisfaction, adequate to the odence, and the exemplary punidunept of the pensionary Van Berkel apd his accomplices, as didurbers of the public peace, and violators of the rights of nations, Majesty Hatters hipifelf that the answer of ypur High Mightiness will fp^edy^ apd to the purpose ip every respect;

..........;R I5.il A.T .5 P.

but iff the contrary should set^fee case, and your High Migbiinesses (houW feme- to comply with fi> just a request, or ftf»deavQur to pass it over in flience, which will be deemed as a denial, the King cannot but look on the whole Republic as approving Of xnifdecds, which they would refuse to difavoiv or punish; and in such a case Ins Majesty will think himself obliged to take such steps as become,his dignity, and the in* teteits of his fntye&s. *>

40 Written at the Hague, Nov. 10, 1780.

La Cher a mbr Yorke."

Copy of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States

General,the 12tbof November, .1780; and

44 High and Mighty Lords!

44 The uniform conduct of the King towards the Republic; the friendship which hath so long fubiifted between the two nations; the right of fdvereigns, and the faith of the most Solemn engagements, will decide, without doubt, the an-fweT of your High Mightinesse to the memorial which the under-signed prelehted, some time agoi by express order of his court. It would be to mistrust the wifdotn and the just ice of your High Mightinesse, tp suppose that you could pause a tooment in giving the satisfaction demanded by his Ma-

. ... -14 As the resolutions of your High Mightinesse of the

' 87th of November, were the result of a deliberation which regarded only the interior of your government, and did not enter upon an answer to the said memorial, the only remark to be made on those resolutions is, that the principles which have dictated them, evidently prove the jtfftice of the demand made by the King.

44 In deliberating upon that memorial, to which the ua-der-signed here requires, in the name of his court, an immediate and satisfactory. answer in every respect, your High, Mightinesse will doubtless consider that the affair is of the last importance; that it relates to the complaint of an offended Sovereign; that the offence, for which he demands an exemplary punishment, and a complete satisfaction, is a violation of the Batavian constitution, of which the King is a guarantee; an infra&ion of the public faith; an attempt *§*inst the dignity of his crown ! The King has never imagined that your High Mightinesse had approved of a treaty jrithW reoellious subjects. That had been railing the buckler

ja6

f ARtlAM'ENTARY A.»y8i.

ieron your part; a declaration of war*, But die ofence has been committed by thctnagiftmtet-of a city which tnakev a considerable part of the ft ate; and it belongs to the {overdo power to puntfh and give fltisfaction for it.

" His Majesty, by the complaints made by hie amb&flfc-dor, has placed the punishment and reparation in the hands of your High Mightinesse; and it will not be till the last extremity, that is to say, in the case of a denial of jnftke, or of file nee, which must be interpreted asa refafal, that the JCing will take them upon himself.

" Done at the Hague the 12th of December, 1780.

(Signed) Le Chevalier York."

<JranJlativn of the Extract from tht of the Reflations of the States General, the tb of, 1780; and My the ExtraB from the Rtgxfier of the Reflations of their High Mtgbtinejps the States General of the United 1-

xftneesm

u Friday December 15, 1780.

lc Upon what hat been represen ted to their High Mights* defies by Mr. Qparles, president of their afiembly, relative to a further visit made him by Sir Joseph Yorke, his Britanqjc Majesty’s ambassador and plenipotentiary, in order toprefe for an answer to his memorials, lately presented to their High Mightinesse by his Majesty’s order*

" It is understood and resolved, after previous deUbtfxa^ tion, hereby to charge the gressier of their High MigKti-nefies to acquaint Sir Joseph Yorke that the memorials he has lately presented have been taken ad referendum by the respective Provinces, and to afiure him that their High Mighti-Defies will not neglect to endeavour to effectuate that an an* fwer to the same shall be given him as soon as ,is fcafible, and the constitution of the government any wife permits." Agrees with the Register.

THE following are the outlines of a treaty of commerce, which, agreeable to the orders and instructions of Mr. Engelbert Francis Van Berkel, counsel and pensionary of tlje city of Amsterdam, directed to me, John Neufville, citizen of the said city of Amsterdam, 1 have examined* weighed, and .regulated with William Lee, Esq. commissioner fropt the Congress, as a treaty of commerce, dellined to be oris might be concluded hereafter, between their High Mighti-

I

A. i?*u ’ I> ,E4 R :A. T E ~$t

ncffes, the St&es-Genenrt of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, and the United States of North America. iDooe at Aix-la-Chapelle, the 4«h of September, 1778.

(Signed) John db *Neufville.

I hereby certify that the above is a true copy.

.... (Signed) Samuel W.Stokton.

Pitot of a Treaty of Amityand Commerce between the of

Holland and the United States of America.

(The preamble recites* that the said contracting States of Holland and America, wishing to establish a treaty of commerce, have resolved to fix it on the basis of a perfect equality, and the reciprocal utility arising from the equitable laws ot a free trade; provided that the contrasting parties shall be at liberty to admit, as they think good, other nations to partake of the advantages arinng from the said trade., Actuated by the above equitable principles, the Fprementioned contracting parties have agreed on the following Articles.),

Arti T. There shall be a permanent unalterable, and unl-yerfal; peace and amity, established* between their High J^iehtine(Tes‘the (even Provinces of Holland, and the Unit-ecLStates of North America; as well as between their re-f&Ctivesubjecls, islands, towns and territories, situate under* the jurisdiction of the respective dates above-mentioned, aj^d theit inhabitants, without any distinction whatsoeverof j^nsoFfe^es. t

ft. The subjects of the United’ Provinces of Holland (Kail be liable only to:Inch duties as are paid by the natives ' and inhabitants of North America, in all the countries, port*, islands^ and towns belonging to the said (tatei';’ and shall enjoy the rights, liberties, privileges," immunities'and exemptions in their trade and navigation, corpmon to the' said natives and inhabitants, when the subjects of Holland' shall have occasion to p&fs from one American state to ano- ther, as well as when bound from thence to any part of the world. *

1(1. The privileges* $cc. granted by the foregoing artide ‘ to the States of Holland, are, by the present, confirmed to the inhabitants of North America.

JTV?. The respective subjects of the contracting patties, as' well asj^e inhabitants of the counties, Hlands, or towns be-lopging to the said parties, shall be at liberty, -without pro--<Uicing a written perniiffioii, private or public, pass, to travel’ by land or water, or in whatever manner they think belt,

4 through

JARLIAMENTaHY A. vftL

through die kingdoms, territories, provinces, &c. or dominions whatever, of either of the confederated states, tohave their free egresst and regreis, to Yemasn in the said places, and do-ring the whole time beat liberty to purchase every thingDecenary to their own subsistenceand nfe : they (Kail also be treated with every mark of reciprocal friendship and favour. Provided, nevertheless, that in every circumstance they demean themselves in perfectc conformity with the laws, statutes, and ordinances of those said kingdoms, towns, &c, where they may sojourn; treating each other with mutual friendship, and keeping up among themselves the moil per-fe£l harmony, by means of a constant correspondence.

V. The subjects of the contracting powers, and the inhabitants of all places belonging to the said powers, shall be at liberty te carry their ships and goods (such as are not for-bidden by the law of the respective states) into all ports, places, kc. belonging, or tarry, without any limitation of time : to hire whole houses, or in part : to buy and purchase from the manufacturer or retailer, either in the public markets, fairs, &c. ail forts of goods and merchandize not forbidden by any particular law : to open warehouses for the sale of goods and effects imported from other parts : nor shall they be at any time forced, against their content, to bring the said goods and wares to the markets and fairs; provided, nevertheless, that they do not dispose of them by retail, or elsewhere : they shall not, however, be liable to any tax. or duties, on this or any other account, except thoie only which are to be paid for their ships or goods, according to the laws and customs of the respective states, and at the rate stipulated by the present treaty. Moreover, they shall be entirely at liberty to depart, without the least hindrance, (this extends also to their wives, children, and such servants who may be dcfiro'us to follow their matters) ar,d to take with them all goods bought dr imported at any time; and for such places they may think proper, by land, or sea, or rivers, or lakes; all privileges, laws, cohccflions, immunities, &c. to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. In regard to the religious worship, the most unbounded liberty shall be granted to the subjects of the said confederate states, for themselves and families. They shall not be compelled to frequent the churches, See. but shall have, full liberty to perforin'divine service, after their own manner, without any moieftation in cither church or chapel, or pri-

A. 1781. D E B A T fi 154

Vate houses/difeW/j foribus)it is further provided, that any subject of one of the contracting powers dying, in any place belonging to the other, shall be interred itt decent and convenient places, allotted for that purpose, and* in fine, that no bal'ult shall, at any time, or in any manner whatever, be offered to the dead or interred bodies.

VII. It is further agreed and settled, that in all duties, impoffo, taxes, &c. laid on goods, persons, ttcrchandise, &c, of each and every subject of the contracting powers, under any denomination whatsoever, the said subjects, inhabitants, Ac. shall enjoy equal privileges, franchises, immunities, either in the courts of justice, and irt every matter of trade, commerce, or any other case, and shall be treated with the fame favour and distiriction hitherto grahted or hereafter to be granted to any foreign nation whatsoeVcr.

VIII. Their High Mightinesse the States General of the seven United Provinces, shall use the moll efficacious means in their power to protect the ships and goods belonging to any of the United States of America, be they private or public property, when in the ports, mads, or seas adjoining the said island$,-fcc. belonging to their said High Mightinesse, and to use all their endeavours to bring about a rellitution to be made to the owners, or their agents, of all vessels and goods captured within their jurisdiction; and the ships of war belonging to their said High Mightinesse, shall take tinder their proteClion, and convoy the ships belonging tq the said American States, or any'of the subjects or inhabir tanta thereof, following the fame course, and defend the faicj ship as long as they fail in company, against all attacks, violence, or oppression, in like manner as they are in duty bound to defend the ships of their High Mightinesse, the seven United Provinces of Holland,

IX. By this article, the fame obligation is laid on the American States, in favour of the shipping, &c. belonging to those of Holland.

X. Their High Mightinesse the Stated of Holland shall interpose, and employ their good offices in favour of the said American States, their subjects and inhabitants, with the Enj« peror of Morocco, the Regaoues of Algiers, Tunis, and Tripoli, and all along the coall of Barbary and Africa, and with the subjects of the said powers; that the ships, &c, of the said American States, be as much as possible, and to the best advantage, protected against the Violences, ihfuhs, fcc. de*

Vol. XVIII. Uu predatrons

PARLIAMENT ARY A. 17*1,

predations of the abovesaid Princes and subjects on the coast of Barbary and Africa*

XI. It shall be permitted, and granted to each, and every subject and inhabitant of the contracting powers, to leave, bequeath, or dispose of, in case of hckness, or at their death, all pffedts, goods, merchandises, ready money, Ac. being their

Eoperty, at or before their decease, in any town, island, Ac. longing to the respecti ve contracting powers, in favour of ch person or persons, as they may think proper. Moreover, whether the said subjects should die after having made such wills, or intestate, their lawful heirs, executors, or administrators, dwelling in aoy part of the poiTelfions of the con«* trailing powers, or aliens coming from other countries, shall be at liberty, without hindrance or delay, to claim, and take pofteilion of all such goods and effects, conformable to the respective laws of each country. Nor shall their right be dif-puted, under pretence of any prerogative, peculiar to any separate province, or person whatsoever. Provided, nevertheless, that the claim to the effects of a person who died intestate, be supported by fuel* proofs as the laws of either of the contracting powers have provided in such cases; ail laws, statutes, edicts, droits d' JubaAc. to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. The effects and property of the subjects of either of the contracting powers, dying in any town, island, Ac. belonging to the other, shall be fequcltpred for the use of the lawful heirs and successors of the deceased, The council, or public minister of the nation, to which the person thus dying - belonged, shall take an inventory of all such goods, effects, papers, writings, and books of accounts of the (leceased. The said inventory to be delivered into the hands of three merchants of known and approved integrity, who shall be nominated fprthe purpose of acting as trustees to the heirs, executors, Ac. or creditors of the deceased : nor shall any courts of judicature interfere, unless the said heirs, Ac, Should require it in the due course of law.

XIII. The respective subjects of the contracting parties, shal| be at liberty to choose for themselves advocates, s^ttor-nies, notaries, solicitors and agents; to this end, that such advocatps, Ac* shall, by the judges of the courts aforesaid, be called in, if the said jpdges should, by the parties be required 1q to do.

XIV. The merchants, commanders, or owqers of ships, jailors of every denomination, ships Or vessels, effects, and

goods

A; i}*h & E B A T fe S»

goods in general, belonging to either party, or any of its fub-je£h or inhabitants shall at no time, for any private or public purpose, by virtue 6f any edict whatsoever, be taken, or detained in the countries, ports, islands. See. belonging to either of the contracting parties, to be employed in the service to forward military expeditions, or any other purpose; and much less for the private use of any one, by violence, or other means made use of to molcit or insult the said subjects; It is further ftriCHy forbidden to the said subjects, on both fides, not to take away, violently, the property of each ot;her; but, the consent of the proprietor Once obtained, they shall be ac liberty to purchase, paying ready money for the fame. This article, however, is not to be understood as extending to such cases, where the seizure shall be made, or the embargo laid by the authority of the legislative power for debts incurred, Or crimes committed, which shall be tried by the due course of law*

XV. It is further provided and agreed, that all merchants, commanders of .ships, and other subjects belonging to their High Mightinesse, the States of seven United Provinces, shall regulate their private affairs by themselves, or by such agents as they may chuse, in all and every place within the jorifdiction of the United States of America i nor shall they be compelled to employ or pay any interpreter or brother, but such as they think fit to appoint. Moreover, in the lading, or unlading of ships, the mailer shall not be obliged to employ per tons appointed for that purpose, by public authority $ but shall be at full liberty to do it themselves, or call in the aififtance of any one they shall chuse, without being liable to pay any fee or retribution to any body else* Neither shall they be compelled to land any particular merchandize, to put them on board other ships, to take others on board their own, without their free ednient; or to remain laden longer than they shall think proper. The subjects and inhabitants of the United States of America, shall fully enjoy the fame privileges in all the dominions of the States of Holland.

XVI. In case any dispute or controversy should arise between the master of a (nip and his crew, belonging to on* of the two nations, and then in any port within the dominions of the other, concerning the payment of wages, or any other matter to be determined by the civil law, the magi-ffrate of such port, or place, shall only require the defendant to deliver to the plaintiff a declaration under his hand, and-

Una witnessed

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

witnessed by the said magistrate; by which the said defendant shall bind himself to appear, and answer the complaint laid against him, before a competent judge in his own country* This being done, the said crew shall not be permitted to leave the ship, or prevent the matter from following his course. The merchants of either nation shall be authorised to keep their books in what language and manner they may think best, without the least hindrance or molettation. But, in case it should be necessary, in order to settle a point of law, for them to produce their books, they shall bring them into court for examination; in such a manner, however, that neither the judge, nor any one else, whatsoever, (halt be permitted to peruse any article in the said books, but such a* may be absolutely necessary to ascertain the authenticity and regularity of the said books. Nor, shall any one, under any pretence whatever, presume to force the said books and, writings from the owners, or detain them: cases of bankruptcy alone excepted.

XVII. The ships of either nation, bound to the reflective ports, shall, upon* a just cause of being fulpe&ed*, either in regard to their dettination or their cargoes, be obliged to produce, either at sea, in the roads* or ports, not only their passports, but also certificates, witnessing that the goods they have on board are not prohibited by the respectiveiaws.

XVIII. If upon such certificates being produced, the examining party mould discover that feme of the goods mentioned in the bills of lading are prohibited by this treaty, or bound to some port belonging to the enemy; in Such case it shall not be lawful to break into any part of the ship, or force any trunk, boxes, barrels, &c. nor even to difpiace any part of the cargoes (whether such ship belongs to Holland or America) to come at the said goods, which are not in any ways to be searched until they are landed in presence of some officers of the admiralty-court, who shall enter a verbal process about them. Nor shall it be permitted to fell, exchange, or adulterate the said goods in any wise, ’till the law shall have taken its course, and the matter be determined by the sentence, of the respective admiralty-courts, pronouncing them seizable; the ship and other parts of the cargo not prohibited by the treaty shall not be detained, under the pretence of part of the lading being condemned, and much less confiscated as lawful prizes. But, in case part of the cargo should confifeof the said prohibited goods, and the matter of the ship shall consent to deliver them up immedi-

1 ately.

A. 1781; D E{ BAT £ 9.

ately, then the captor, having taken out of the said ship the prohibited goods, shall permit the matter to continue his course to the place of his dettination : yet, if all the prohibited goods could not be taken on board die captor, the latter shall, notwithstanding the matter’s free tender of the said goods, bring the former into the nearest port, where it shall be prodneed in manner aforesaid,

XIX. It is agreed on the contrary, that all effects% &c. of any subject of either date, found on board any ship liken from an enemy, such' efrects, &c. though they be not prohibited by any article of this treaty, shall be confideted as lawful prize, and* be disposed of as if they belonged to the enemy: (except only in case the war should pot have been proclaimed, or not come to the knowledge of the proprietors of the said effefb, &c.) which, in such cases only, shall not be liable to be confifeated, but be immediately returned to the owners without any delay, upon their making good their claim; provided, neverthelef9, that the said goods are not of the kind which are prohibited; nor will it be lawful to ship them afterwards, for any of the enemy’s ports. The two contracting parties agreeing, moreover, that six months, from the date of a declaration of war, will be considered as a sufficient notice to the subjects of either date, whatever quarter of the world they pay come from.

XX. In order to provide further for the safety of the subjects on both fides,' that neither of the parties may be annoyed by the armed ships or privateers belonging to the other,

• during me course of a war, particular injunctions shall be laid upon the commanders of ships and ptivateers, &c.

to the respective subjects of the contracting powers, not to vex or offer any molestation to any one of them; and, in case of failure herein, the offending party shall be punished, and compelled to make good the damage, their persons and fortunes answering for the feme.

XXI. All ships and effects retaken from privateers or pirates, shall be carried into some of the ports belonging to either date, and returned to the owners, Upon their giving fetisfactory proofs of their right to the said re-captures.

XXII. It shall be lawful for all commanders of ships of

war, privateers, See. to carry off freely all ships and effects.

taken from the enemy, without being subject to pay any duty or duties to the admiralty or other courts; nor shall such prizes be liable to be detained or seized upon in any of the ports of the respective dates: the'searching officers shall* not be permitted to visit or search the said prizes : the cap-

tort'

VARti AMENT ARif J7§i/

tors whereof will be at liberty to put back to sea, and convoy the prices wherever they are directed to be carried; as specified in the orders given to the commanders of such ships, privateers, &c. which they shall be obliged to1 produce. But all the ports of both dates shall be shut against all prizes made on the subjects of either : and in case futh prizes and captors should be driven to some of the said ports, by dress of weather, every means shall be employed to hasten their departure.

XXIn. In case any ships, boats &c. should be wrecked Or otherwise datniged on the coads Of either of the contrafting dates, all aid and aflidance shall be given to the difr tressed crews, to whom pafTes and free-conduct shall be granted for their return into their own country.

XXIV. If a ship or ships, other of war, or employed for the purpose of trading, by one of the dates, should, by dress of weather, imminent danger from pirates, enemies* &c. be compelled to take (belter in any ports, rivers, bays* &c. belonging to the other, they shall be treated with all

'humanity, friendship, and mod cordial protection. Leave shall be granted them to take in provisions and refreshments at a reasonable rate, and to purchase whatever they may Hand in need of, either for themselves or for the purpose of repairing the damage they may have differed, and allb for the continuation of their voyage. No obdacle whatever shall be laid in their itfay to dop or detain them in any of the said ports, &c. whence they shall be liberty to fail* whenever they may think fit.

XXV. In order to put commerce in the mod flourishing date, it is agreed, that, in case a war should at any time break out between the contracting parties, six months shall be allowed to the respective subjects for them to retire with their families and property, to whatever place they may judge proper: also to be at liberty, during the above space of time, to fell or otherwise dispose of their goods and chattels, without the lead hindrance or molcdation. But above, all, it is provided, that the said subjects shall not be detained,* by arredment or seizure. On the contrary, during the aforesaid six months, the respective dates, and their subjects, or inhabitants, shall have good and speedy judice done to them; so that, during the said time, they may recover their goods and effects, whether they be in the public funds, or in private hands. And, if any part thereof should happen to be embezzled* or that any insult or wrong should have been

fi. 1781,

DEBATES.

been offered to the subjects, 6tc. of either dates, the offending party shall give immediate and convenient satisfaction for such embezzlement, wrong or infujt.

XXVI, The subjects, &c. of either dates shall abftajn from requiring or accepting any commissions or letters of marqtie from any power then at war with either of laid dates, so as to command armed ships against either, and to their detriment; and if any individual, belonging to either, should fail herein, he shall be dealt with as being guilty of piracy.

XXVII, tt shall not be lawful for any privateer, not belonging to either of the contrasting parties, which might be furnished with commission, or letters of marque from any* power, in actual enmity with either of them, to fit otit their ships in any port belonging to the said States, therein fell their prizes, or make in any wile, an exchange of their said ships, merchandize, goods or effects, being the whole or part of the cargo contained in the aforesaid captures. Nor diall "the laid commanders be permitted to take in provisions, bur just as much as will enable them to reach a port, neared to the dominion of their employers.

XXVIII. Subjects and inhabitants of both the contracting Partie$. shall be at liberty to navigate their ships (without any dlftinCUon of owners, to whom the cargo or cargoes may belong) from all ports whatever belonging to the powers, that then are, or afterwards may be, in amity with either of the aforementioned dates; as also to trade in their way to or front such places, ports and towns belonging to the enemies of either party, whether the said place^ be within the jurisdiction of one or more powers. It is also hereby dipulated* that the freedom of shipping will be extended to the cargoes, belonging to the respective subjects or inhabitants of the said dates, though the whble, or part of the said Cargo fl>ould be the enemy’s property. This privilege is also to be construed as extending to all persons whatever, 911 board the said ships (the military in the enemy’s service only excepted) as well as contraband goods.

XXIX. This article contains a large enumeration of the goods prohibited to be carried to the enemy, which comprehends all manner of warlike stores. It gives also an account of such goods as may be lawfully exported, namely cloathing and other manufactured goods of wool, cloth, dlks, &c. &c. the matters employed in manufacturing the fame; gold and diver either coinfed or in bullion, all forts of metals.

corn

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

com and feeds, spices, tobacco, meat, salt, or ihfoaked, and every kind of eatables; in fine, ship timber, fails, canvas, and every effects whatever not fashioned in the shape of any tool or warlike instrulnent usually employed in war, either by sea or land, all the aforesaid goods and wares shall at no time be looked upon as contraband, and may be carried by the subjects and inhabitants of the confederate flakes, even to places belonging to the enemy then at war with either party, excepting only such towns and places, which might nappen to be besieged, surrounded or blocked up at the time of shipping off, for their use, the said wares and goods.

XXX, In order to prevent all dilfention and difficulty which might arise between the subjects of either flate, in case one of them should go to war with some other power or powers, the shipping, &c, belonging to the other party, shall be provided with letters or passes, specifying the name, cargo, and burthen of the ship, together with the Captain or matter's name, and the place of his residence. That thus it may appear that the ship, &c. belongs truly to the said fub-jects and inhabitants. The said pass to be worded as shall be mentioned at the end of this present treaty.

Thole letters, or pafTcs, shall be renewed every year, if the bearers should return to the fame port within that time. It is further agreed, that besides the aforesaid passes, certificates shall be given, mentioning every part of the cargoes, the 1 espective places from and to which such ships maybe bound. The said certificates to be drawn up*in the usual form, before the officers of the place from whence the said ships are to fail, the said officers shall be at liberty to mention, by name, if they think it expedient, fhc owners of the cargo or cargoes*.

XXXI. The commanders or owners of ships belonging to the contracting parties, entering into any of the roads of either of the said states, who may not think proper to enter into port ;or, when entered, will not chuse to unload citlief the whole or part of their cargo, shall not be compelled to declare in what it con-titts, unless a well-grounded suspicion should arise, on (brae e\ idem circumstances of their being Iadeo for the enemy, or carrying from one of the confederate States to the other, any prohibited goods; in which case, such commanders, owners or inhabitants, shall be obliged to shew their passports and certificates, drawn up in the manner hereafter mentioned.

XXXII. When the ships- belonging to either (late, failing coast-ways, or otherwise, shall be met by the ships of

war,

A. 1781. v P.fE B A T E .&

war, privateer?, Ac, of the other party, in order to prevent mischief, the latter shall keep out of the reach of the guns, though it will be lawful for them to fend their boats to board the abovesaid merchant-men, not suffering above two or three men at a time to get on board to them; the mailer, or commander of said ships, shall present his pafTports, conformable to the tenor hereafter recited. After which, the said ship, or merchant-man, shall be at full liberty to continue its voyage, without being searched, chaced, or obliged to alter its' course, or otherwise moletted under any pretence whatsoever.

XXXIII, It is further agreed, that all goods and effcCs whatever, being once put on board of a ship, or ships, belonging to either of the contracting parties, shall not be liable to a second visit, or search, after having undergone that which must precede the lading of such /hips; as all prohibit ted goods must be flopped on the very spot, before {hey arp suffered to be carried on board the ships belonging to either party; the fame not being liable to any other kind of embargo for the aforesaid cause. And the subjects of either state, where such effects shall, pr should have been seized upon, shall be punished for importing the fame, according to the manner provided by the laws, customs, and ordinances of his own native country.

XXXIV. The contrasting parties mutually agree, that, they shall be at liberty to have their respective consuls, vice-consuls, commiiTaries, and other agents appointed by and for each party. Their funCions and officers shall be regula-ted by a particular convention, whenever either of the contracing powers shall think proper tp appoint such officers.

Here follows the form of the pafiport and certificate^ the intefition and purport of which, are sufficiendy explained in the XXXth article of this treaty,

J. deNeufville, (L.S.)

W. Lee, (L.S.)*

Papers not laid before the House, which tend ^explain the above treaty:

Co£y of a Utter to his Excellency B. Franjclin, at Paris.

Sir,

As your Excellency and the Right Honourable Congress will certainly be already completely informed of my interview at Aix-la-Cha* pelle, with Mr. William L«e, about a twelvemonth ago, in the pre

Vox., XVIII. Xx fence

33*-

P A R LI A M E N T ARY A. 1781.

fence of Mr. William Stockton; and as h^ls shortly to arrive^ himself,

I have made no difficulty, and it gives me even much (arisfaction, to cx-pose unto him some trifling alterations, of no great consequence,' which are thought necessary to be made in the plan of the treaty of commerce, which is now to be looked over afreih.

The differences consist only in suppressing, in the Vlth article, all that is mentioned there concerning religion; and, in f*£t» it is absolutely not proper, that any mention thereof ffiouid be made between two republics, the constitutions and fundamental laws of which plead aloud for a perfect liberty of confluence.

The Xth article, concerning the Barbarian powers, is binding on both Tides, in case the fame should take place any time hereafter.

The other suppressions which are thought necessary in the articles VIII, XXII, a#id XXVII, are for the greatest part established to prevent objections. For this reason, the latter part of the Vlllth article, has been suppressed, where it is said, " and their ships of war, or coa» voys, failing under authority, Sec."

It has likewise been thought proper to suppress the latter part of the XXIId Article, which begins with these words, on the contrary, no afvlum or refuge shall be granted, See."

The XXVIIth Article at present (lands thus; " it shall not be lawful for any privateer, holding any commissions or letters of marque, from any Prince or power, in war with any of the high contracting paities, to fit out their ships in the ports belonging to either of the contracting parties, nor therein to fell their prices, nor to exchange in any other manner whatever, the ships, goods, and merchandizes, being either the whole, or part of the cargo, contained in the said captures." These are the measures that have been taken to establish the basis of this treaty; and from a particular regard for the Right Honourable Congress, having by us a copy of the treaty, such as it was drawn up at first, and such as it (lands at present, we thought it our duty to inform your Excellency of the Hate in which this important affair is at present, and which we shall always be ready to forward with the fame teal with which it has been begun.

. Mr. Stockton will likewise inform your Excellency with some other affairs, which (land in need of some explanations.

Wishing that the union of the Twenty States may soon be established upon permanent footing, we remain, with the most perfect considerationandeflecm, Your Excellency's

Moll humble and moil obedieqt servantt,

Am ft a dam y July zZ, 1779- John de Neufville and Son.

Extra0of a Letter from Mr. J. W. Stockton, to the Rev. Dr. Witherspoon; Member of Congress, dated Amsterdam, April 14, 1779.

You will certainly have seen, before noW, ‘the plan of a treaty of amity and commerce, as destined to be concluded hereafter between the dates of Holland and the united dates of North America, several copies thereof having beenfent to America some time ago. That plan was

ffgned

DEBATES,

329

A. 1781.

signed on the 4th of September last, on the part of the city of Amfter-d?tn, by John de Neufville esq. properly deputed for that purpose by the pensionary and the burgomasters of the said city, and by W. Leei esq. commissioner from the Congress, to whom the proportions for the said treaty were made through the channel t>f the said Mr. de Neufville.

Extras from the Speech of M. VanPaest, Magi fir ate of

to the States of Ho Hand and Wefi on tie 15 November

1780.

The Burgomasters, after having been informed that a Commissioner of the Congress of North America had made some overtures to a Dutch merchant of Amsterdam, that they had an intention of forming some commercial ties with this republic, comprising on one part that from the circumstance of the United States of North America, not having yet been acknowledged as an independent state, it was impossible to prefenC to your Noble and Great Mightinesse any impositions tending to the commencement of a formal negociation; whilst the Burgomasters were no less persuaded that " on account of the jealously already displayed, and continually increasing in the neighbouring powers on the subject of the commerce and navigation of this country, as well as on account of all the enterprises undertaken, which are too notorious not to create in them a perpetual partiality towards the welfare of this state, and induce them to grant on this occasion, advantages which are not ftipu-fated in treaties of peace and commerce;’1 their indispensible duty required that they should make such use of the overtures presented by the said American Commissioner, as the situation of affairs would admitt That in the present circumstances they, could not do otherwise than give us much hope, as the Burgomasters could actually at a proper time ful* fii, and exatt, on the other hand, every thing that the above mentioned American Commissioner, and those whom he represented, could promise.

" And this last point was chiefly to constitute the promise, " thaton account of the present negociation of an accommodation with England (under the stipulation of independence) they were not to promise any exclusive advantages respecting commerce that might be detrimental to the republic of the United Provinces;" the Burgomasters on their parts not being able to promise any thing, but that in the deliberations of the state, which might be commenced for forming a treaty of commerce (not only between the city of Amsterdam and the United States of North America, but between those states and their High Mightinesses.) They, casu quo, in these deliberations of the state, and not in any Other, would do all in their power for establishing, as soon as the independency of North America should be acknowledged by England, in the moll advantageous manner, the navigation and commerce between the reciprocal states; from whence it naturally resulted, that on each side a plan was projected, to which, as far as could with probability be foreseen, the respective sovereigns would have given their concurrence.

Xra "These

340

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

et These ideas of the Burgomasters, which had not solely in view the private intered of the merchants residing at Amderdam, but that of the commerce of all the republic in general; ideas which besides can hardly be suspected of originating in a design to injujre, or shew contempt to any member of the supreme government, since without their concurrence and unanimous consent, no treaty could be concluded between their High Mightinelfes and the United States of America, info much that whatever might be treated of before such a sanction was given to it, could only be considered as a Ample project; in one word, stich a design might without donbt have been conceived by the members of the supreme government, have been laid before the eyes of your Noble and Great Mightiaeflcs, and there have been proposed as a subject of delibei ation, without such a proceeding ever being difap* proved of on the part of a member, or your being able to find it improper; and, what is yet more, it has never become a question, whether or no a member of the supreme government had occasion for any -authority, in forming similar projects, and presenting them for deliberation.

From these considerations the Burgomasters took the resolution of employing their mod ancient penfioher to declare in their name to the American Commissioner, that in case the negotiation commenced between Great Britain and the Congress of the United States of North America, did not contain any conditions contrary to the advantage of this republic, the Burgonidd'ers then on their fides, as fbon as the independency of the dates (hotild have been acknowledged by England, would exert their utmost power that the treaty of commerce which had been projected and approved of, might be agreed to, and ratified-by the other co-allies. That besides this, and with their content, the said pen Goner had employed the merchant of Amderdam in question, to continue the above mentioned conferences with the said American Commissioner, and to form with him a plan for a treaty of commerce, which, hs soon as the ihdepcndence ih question should have been acknowledged, might have been proposed as an object for the deliberation of your Noble and Great Mightmesses, by the magistracy of the city of Amderdam.

" Such has been throughout this affair, the conduct of the Burgo-masters, and their minider; in which they have had evidently no other view but that of guarding the commercial intered of the republic; in-so much, that it was in the power of any particular member of the government of this province, to have fafhiomed it so as to have prevented the result of it from being the (mailed disadvantage to any of the ofhet members.

u It is true, that this proceeding will in all probability displetfc those powers, who view the commercial prosperity of this country with an unfavourable eye \ but however that may be, we cam fcartely imagine it possible, that the members who compote the assembly of your Noble and Great Mightmesses, can consider our conduct as a private torrospondence, and secret negotiation, incompatible with the intered of the dates; and we think it may be concluded from what has been dated,

34i

A. 1781. DEBATES.

stated, that the Burgomasters in acting thus, have not formed any engagement whatever, but have merely passed a declaration of what at a proper time, in case of a regular treaty of commerce taking place, they intended fully to ratify."

The titles of the papers were read by the clerk, after which Mr. Burke rose, and began with observing, that how-Mr* ever light a war with the States of Holland might be in the opinions of some men, he was one of those old fools, who had not forgot the old fashioned idea, that going to war was* at all events, a very serious matter, a matter which nothing but great necessity could justify. He did not intend to trouble the House with his opinion on the war with Holland* because he was not yet sufficiently informed upon the subject; nor did he conceive from the heads of the papers just read, that he was likely to get the information necessary for him, and necessary for the House, before they came to any decisive judgment upon what the King’s ministers had done*

He did not, if his ear had not been deceived, hear the clerk read the title of a memorial which had been delivered by Sir Joseph Yorke in the'vear 1777; a memorial, which he could not but consider as highly necessary to be laid before the House with the others. Though, for want of the proper information, the justice of the war perhaps could not be entered upon, yet there were other considerations well worth the attention of the House; the question {truck him as a prudential question, for circumstanced as we were, the prudence and the policy of the war were not less important points to be examined than its justice. He hoped, therefore* since rainiftry had reduced Parliament to the alternative either of supporting the war, or of becoming liable to the charge of abandoning the cause of their country, that they had ample proof to lay before the House, that the war was prudent, or that it was unavoidably necessary. The mani-feito dated, that a treaty was entered into between the city of Amsterdam and America; this was a fa& which lay with ministers to make out. The treaty, the title of which the clerk had just read, as the title of one of the papers, was, in the‘CKpre& terms of it, the plan of a treaty, or the rough draft of a compact hereafter to be entered into between the httended contracting parties. He wished to know, whether the KmgViervantshad, either among Mr. Laurens* papers,

’ opr

34*

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781#

•r by any other means, obtained a copy of any treaty actually entered into and executed ? The treaty, the title of which had just been read, depended entirely upon events, that were unknown and might not happen, in which case the treaty was never to be ratified. This treaty, therefore, was no more than a speculative efiay, a mere contemplative project.

He said that he should reserve his further sentiments upon his Majesty’s meftage till a future day; but he could not avoid reprobating the late long adjournment of Parliament, as a matter highly criminal in ministers, who (as they must have known that a war with Holland was likely to take place,) ought not to have adjourned Parliament, or but for a very short period. How that adjournment came to be for so long a time, and why so material a circumstance as a declaration of war with Holland was ventured on by ministers during a recess, when there was the strongest reafqn for diem to have kept Parliament in'hand, was a matter which would be well worth a future enquiry. He concluded with aiking whether the memorial of 1777 was delivered with the others or not

VmiNurtb. Lord North said, every paper referred to in his Majesty’s manifesto, was then on the table *.

The clerk then read all the papsrs.

Lord

# This Memorial was not laid before the House, but the following is a copy of it:

Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorkc to the States, on the twenty -firfiDay of February 1777.

€t SINCE the commencement of the unnatural rebellion, which has broke out in the English colonics against the legal conilitution of the mother country, the underiigned ambalTador extraordinary and pie* nipotentiary of the King of Great Britain, has had frequent occasions to address himself to your High Mightincffes, in the name of his mailer, to engage them by all motives of national interest, of good neighbourhood, of friendship, and finally of treaties, to put a flop to the clandestine commerce which is carried on between their subjects and the rebels. If the measures which your High Mightinesse have thought proper to take had been as efficacious as your assurances have been amicable, the undersigned would not now have been under the disagreeable necessity of bringing to the cognizance of your High Mightinesse, fails of the mofl serious nature.

i( The King hath hitherto borne, with unexampled patience, tha irregular conduit of your subjects ia their interc&ed commerce at St.

Eulalia,

343

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Lord North rofc again, and declared, that he thought the entrance into a war at all times,' a very serious matter; but on the present occasion, he thought it still more serious, because that the war, which his Majesty had thought himself obliged to enter into, was a war with Holland, our old and natural ally, between whom and this country there had fub-fifted an alliance for more than a century : an alliance formed on that broad line of policy, which originally pointed out the neceihty of it,. and which had been a source of great benefit to both countries. It was not, therefore, as his Majesty had been pleased to declare in his mefiage, without the deepest regret, that he felt himself indispensibly obliged to put an

end

Eustatia, as also in America. His Majesty has always Battered him. self, that in giving time to your High Mightinesse to examine to the bottom this conduct, so irregular and so insufferable, they would hare taken measures necessary to repress the abuse, to restrain their subject within bounds, and to make them respect the rights and friendship of Great Britain.

" The complaints which I have orders to make to their High Mightinesse, are founded upon authentic documents annexed to this memorial, where their High Mightinesse will fee with astonishment, and I doubt not at the same time with displeasure, that their new go. vernor, M. Van Graaf, after having permitted an illicit commerce at St. Eustatia, hath passed his forgctfulness of his duty to the point of conniving at the Americans in their hostile equipments, and the permitting the seizure of an English vessel, by an American pirate, within cannon ihot of that island. And in aggravation to the affront given to the English nation, and to all the powers of Europe, to return from the fortiefs of his government the salute of a rebel flag. In return to the amicable representations made by the president of the neighbour* ing island of St. Christopher, on these fafts of notoriety, M. Van Graaf has answered in a manner the most vague and unsatisfactory, refusing to enter at all into the subject, or into an explanation of the matter with a member of his Majesty’s council of St. Christophers, dispatched by the president for that purpose.

" After exhibiting the documents annexed, nothing remains with me but to add, that the King who had read them, not with left fur* prize than indignation, hath ordered me to expressly demand of your High Mightinesse, a formal disavowal of the salute by Fort Orange, at St. Eustatia, to the rebel ship, the distnifiion and immediate recal of Governor Van Graaf, and to declare further, on the part of his Majesty, that until that satisfaction is given, they are not to cxpe& that his Majesty will suffer himself to be amused by mere assurances, or that he will delay one instant to take such measures as he shall think due to the interests and dignity of his crown.

(Signed) JOSEPH Yorke#

Given at the Hague Feb 21, 1777•"

PARLIAMENTARY a. If 8b.

end to that alliance, and to commence hostilities against the United States, who, in open violence of treaties, had fiot only refused to give Great Britain that assistance, which those treaties entitled her to claim when attacked by the House of Bourbon, but also in direct violation of the law of nations, had, for a long time contributed as far as they could, to furnish France with warlike stores, and at length Jiad thought proper to countenance the magistracy of Amer-dam in their insult upon this country, by entering into a treaty with the rebellious colonies of Great Britain, as free and independent states. He said he would lay before the House a short recapitulation of the many provocations given by the States General to Great Britain. By the treaty of Westminster, agreed upon in the year 1678; it was stipulated, that in case Great Britain was attacked by the House of Bourbon, she had a right to take her choice of either calling upon the States General to become parties in the war, and to attack the House of Bourbon within two months, or of requiring an aid of 6000 troops and 20 fhlps of war, which the dates were to furnish immediately after the claim was made. His lordship said this country had always preserved her faith with Holland; and had in consequence of a claim from the states, sent 10,000 of her troops over there, and shewn herself ready on every occasion to perform all the conditions to which (he had made herself liable. His lordship said he would next date the particular offensive parts of the coodoft of the States General lince the commencement of the American war.

First, the {uttering Paul Jones, a Scotchman and a pirate, acting without legal authority from any acknowledged government to bring British imps into their ports, and refit there; that saluting a rebel privateer at St. Eustatia, after fufFering her to capture two British ships within cannon (hot of their cattles and forts; and their countenancing the con-du& of Van Berkel and Montteur de Neufville, who had drawn up and signed a treaty of alliance with America as independent states, during their revolt from the authority of this country. His lordship then mentioned the several memorials delivered by Sir Joseph Yorke; the first was, when the war with Spain broke our, to claim the aid we were entitled to require, by the treaty of Westminster. To this purpose a memorial wAs presented at the Hague in June 1779, of which not the least notice was taken on the part of the states; two other notices had been since delivered, when each

(hared

A. 17 $i. DEBATES

ihared the fame fate. The reason why ministers did not proceed to strong measures on these flights, his lordship said, arofc from their earned wish to avoid a war with Holland, which induced them to catch at any thing that tended to make them flatter theml'elves that the States would yet do judiceto Great Britain, and comply with the obligation of their (b-leron treaty; the terms and conditions of which, were, as he had already said, diltated by the founded policy, and on the drift and punctual observance of which, the true intered9 of both countries so immediately and so obviously depended, that they could not bring themselves to imagine Holland could be so blided by any arts of an iniidious and treacherous power, (not more the natural enemy of Great Britain, than the natural enemy of the United States!) as to forsake and abandon her treaty, and assist the house of Bourbon in an unjud war, which she had commenced agaibft Great Britain. Strange and unaccountable as the conduit of Holland was, and detrimental as her ingratiude to this country mod in the end prove to her (elf, such had been the power of a French faction in Holland, that they had at length prevailed and deluded the States into a condua equally inimical to'the fladtholder, and inimical to Great Britain. The British mi-niftly, his lordship said, had done all in their power to bring the States to a true sense of their intered; and when the ne-ceflity of the case obliged them to seize on Dutch shiptf carrying dores to Fraoce, they had paid the full value for the cargoes, and returned the fh ips, fothat neither the private merchant, the private adventurer, nor the dates,* had differed; France only had felt the measure by her being deprived of that aflidance, which the freights would have given her. " In answer to Mr. Burke’s remark, that the treaty, the title of which had jud been read, was nothing more than a contemplative project, his lordship said, it was actually signed and sealed, the names of the pensionary of Amsterdam and Monsieur de Neufville, a merchant ana burgess of that city, being subscribed to it on the part of the magidracy of Amfter* dam, and the name of John Lee, as commissioner or agent for the Congress of America, but even allowing for the whole extent of the honourable gentleman’s argument, surely when two powers flood connected together by solemn treaty and ancient alliance, as the flates of Holland and Great Britain Were, it made very little difference in the scale of ofleute and provocation, whether a treaty like that of the pensionary Van Berkel, was folly ratified and consummated, or only in, Vot. XVIII. Y y prtfcre&o.

34*

PA RLI AMENTARY Avi)8t

progression. But to put the matter out of queBion, let the honourable gentleman recoiled^, that the States General had refused to pay any attention to the requisition in his Majesty’s memorial, delivered by Sir Joseph Yorke, that proper notice might be taken of Van Berk el and his associates; ?as far as such a refusal could be implied by a contemptuous iilerrce) and further, that so far from disavowing the fa£l, or attempting to palliate it, the principal magistrates of AmBer-dam, not only avowed the whole transaction, but gloried in it; and expressly declared, even to the States General, that what they had clone, was what their indispenlible duty re* quired. His lordship took notice of the court of, Madrid’s having been induced, by the intrigues of the French cabinet, to fend ahoftile relcript to.th^ court of London; and observed, that one period or the ensuing campaign, England saw in her channel a combined fleet of the enemy, infinitely superior to the famous Spanrlh Armada. He laid, that he lamented the necessity of a war with Holland, but said it was an unavoidable meaidre. The situation of this country his lordship confessed to be truly alarming; but when he considered the powerful Band that had already been made against the moB powerful confederacy that haa ever been formed

againB Great Britain, the little success the enemies of this country had met with in all their various attempts against us, and the spirit ^nd resources of the nation, he did not fe<? that gloomy and uncomfortable prospect described by the honourable gentleman who spoke last. Our difficulties were certainly great; but he truBed they were by no tneans in-superable. He was neither desirous of concealing their magnitude, nor afraid to meet them, great as they muB be acknowledged; because he was convinced, that when the force of this country was fully exerted, it was equal to theconteB, and that the only means of obtaining an honourable and just peace, was to fhev/ ourfeives capable of carrying on the war with spirit and vigour.

His lordship. took notice of what Mr. Burke had said on the late adjournment, and declared, that it would have been equally agreeable to him, if the House had fat the whole time; that with regard to the commencement of the war, the matter was by no means so certain in the view of the King’s fertants, as to render it incumbent on them to Bate the situation of affairs to the House, and to plea<f it'as ih argument for their continuing to fit during a recess, which for various reasons was highly necessary to many gentlemen. When the anl'wer of the States was font by Sir

A. 17St. D £ B A T E *S,

Yorke, in December 1780, and it appeared from it, that, -instead of going fully into the business, and coining to a satisfactory determination upon the subject of the frequent memorials, presented on the part of Great Britain, the States had chosen to take the matter ad r<fer4ndum> 'and put it off to a very late day indeed; it became then immediately necessary for his Majesty to a<Sl with firtnness, and not to lose a moment, before he proceeded to endeavour at leaftto do himself justice. His lordship concluded with producing, An humbly address of thanks to his Majesty from the House for his most gracious message, and for the regret with which he had entered into the war with Holland, a war which his Majesty had declared nothing but unavoidable nece&ty had obliged him to undertake. The address concluded with a most loyal assurance, that the House would chearfufly aflifl and support -his Majesty against all his enemies: which address,' his lordship said, was drawn up in language the most proper for the House to adopt, and he therefore moved it;

jLord LtujiJham said, he rose to second the motion. HisI*ori lord ship began with a recapitulation of former affairs. Every ^t'U)\P>mm gentleman present knew, he said, that the most wanton wars against Holland had taken place in those periods, when the interests of the crown and of the people had been distinct and different; hence, in the infamous reign of Charles the Second, they had been not more frequently than unjustly commenced. After the Resolution, however, when our glorious deliverer, William the Third, swayed the feeptre of these realms, a very different line of conduct was adopted by us; that prince seeing, what every man mull fee, who has a just sense of the true interests of Holland and of Great Britain, that they are one and the fame, cultivated a friend-ship between the two countries; his ministers did the fame; the example was followed by the Whig ministers in the glorious part of the next reign, that of Queen Anne, and it had continued all the two subsequent reigns, during the whole of which time, the states had reaped the great eft. advantages from the alliance. It was not^therefore, without astonish-roent, that he now saw, what he h'ad scarceiy thought possible; namely, that a French party could have gained so much prevalence in Holland, as to make her lose fight of all policy* forget how intimately her welfare and prosperity was blended -with the Welfare and prosperity of Great Britain, how much she owed to this country, in the reign of Elizabeth, how much she was indebted to the services of that brave, that ip€ceftf«l commander, and no less wife and judicious nego*

Yy 4 tiator,

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781*

tiator, John Duke of Marlborough, and how much also her interests had been supported by the services of our other gene- -rals, in the continental wars pursued by us in the latter end of the reign of King William, and the beginning of the reign of Queen Anne. The condu6t of the States towards this country, since the commencement of the American war, (a war wniclx every good Englishmen mull deplore and lament, though he muff acknowledge, as he did, that it was a war justly and necessarily commenced, and which this country could not avoid without disgrace,) had been so fully described by the noble lord who moved the address, that nothing remained for him to say upon that part of the subject. In the present reign, said his lordship, the interest of King and people were the fame, the national prosperity pr misfortune was equally fharod in by both, and neither could have a wtfh mat. did not point to the fame end, because the advantage of the one muff be the advantage of the other. The present war, he was persuaded, was neither wanton nor unjustifiable; and although no man more fin-cerely lamented that, attacked on all fides as Great Britain was, occassion should arite for her coming to a rupture with her old and her natural ally, the States General; yet, from a full view of the case, from a knowledge of the repeated provocations given by Holland, and of the unexampled patience and forbearance shewn by Great Britain, he-was firmly of opinion, that the war commenced a gam ft the States, was a 'war of indispensible necessity. It had been proved, to the conviction of every man, that the Dutch had long been employed in assisting France with warlike stores, and it had for some time been suspected, that they were inclined rather to give aid to the revolted colonies of America, than to comply with the faith of treaties, and perform what Holland had fokmnly pledged herself to perform, whenever her ancient ally was attacked by the house of Bourbon, and made the remiifitions prescribed by the treaty of Westminster. Her failure to do Great Britain justice had been evident, and her inclinations towards America were now equally evident; nothing, he conceived, could have induced the States to a the part they had lately exhibited, but the baneful influence of French gold, which had so far prevailed as to make the Dtitch deal thus treacherouily by us; therefore he thought his Majesty entitled to the most cordial thanks of the House, and the most loyal professions of zeal and attachment, as well as an immediate assurance of their determination to sup* port the vigorous mca&ires his Majesty. had refoived to pur*

sue.

349

A. 17814

DEBATES.

sue, since every man mu ft agree, that it was better to have an open enemy, than a treacherous friend.

Right honourable 7.j ovjr.fbcnd fa id, he was surprised at Rt. ho*. T.

the long adjournment. The ministers had work upon their bands, which they did not chuse to do in the face of Parliament. It had been their frequent practice to settle matters of the first importance during the holidays, and when the -House met, after the recess, to call upon Parliament to support them under all the consequences of their ill conduit.

In this manner the House had been led into the, American war, that source of all our calamities; in this manner had the ministers announced the French rescript, and afterwards the Spanish rescript; and now they came to declare that they have commenced war against Holland, our old and our natural ally. Thus year after year has the noble lord in the blue ribband told the House of a new enemy; but since the commencement of the American war, he has never brought down the welcome news of our having gained a new ally.

The noble lord had been very copious in accounting for the present war with the States General, and he had justified the measure on the ground of necessity, ascribing it wholly to $he provocations given this country by the Dutch. Had Great Britain given Holland no provocation? Had she never put the States out of humour? Was their conduct altogether unreasonable and unprecedented ? Had the noble lord forgot the memorial of 1777, commonly called Lord Suffolk’s Memorial; but rather because it was sent from his office, than from any proof that it was penned by that noble earl ? He said, he did not think so ill of ministry as to imagine they would take refuge from the hlatne due to the authors of it, by alting in so ungentleman-like a manner as to ascribe it to the late earl. He loved that noble earl while living, for his integrity, his liberal mind, and his many virtues; he revered his memory, and he would always defend his character. Nor did he be^eve ministers would venture to ascribe it to Sir Joseph Yorke; all who knew that gentleman knew his great abilities, and knew him to be incapable tff offering such an insult to a state in which he had rest deft for twenty-seven Vears, and which he loved and respe&ed. The memorial, be was persuaded, was not of his penning, but it was a paper that ministry might well be alliamed of; he wondered not, therefore, that although he had endeavoured to obtain a fight of it, and had often called upon the noble lord and his colleagues to declare who was the author of it, he could obtain po satisfaction. In that memorial the stile was so arrogant,

that

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

that the Dutch had complained of it, and declared it 2 fort of language which one independent date had no right to hold to another. It was to the insolence of this memorial that the House were to aferibe the prevalence of the French factk>a in Holland, of which, both the noble lords had said so much. From the moment that this memorial was delivered, the influence of the French faction increased. It was a fair opportunity for the French fattion to profit by; they took the advantage of the haughty language of the English memorial, and said wifely, " See how Great Britain, your ally,- treats

Jfou! This is your friend, this is the power to which you 00k up for prote&ion. If Great Britain, engaged in a war which didrefles her greatly, dares use this fort of langnageto you, what may you pot expect, if (he should prevail in her contest with the powers at war with her!,?

The noble lord who spoke lad, had aferibed the prevalence of the French faction in Holland to the influence of French gold : he wished French gold had not beep used to create an influence nearer the capital of Great Britain ! at any rate, he trusted that he had aferibed the prevalence of the French faction in Holland to its truecause, the foolish conduct of ministers, in holding a language to the States General in 1777, (the only respectable ally of Great Britain,) which it would not be decent or justifiable to hold to the tnoft petty date in Europe. The fame noble lord, had chosen to mention the reign of William III. and the first years of the subsequent reign of Queen Atmp; he wished to Go4 there was any parallel between those feigns and the present. In those reigns, ;is in the time of all Whig minidries, great alliances were fought and obtained. This country had not then the madness to hazard a war with all the world, without p single ally. This country then was in the full career of yi&ory, and of glory. The Duke of Marlborough, whom the poble lord had mentioned, was a great, and a iuccefsfuj general; be was the happy inst rumen t of extending conquest, and.acquiring territory for Great Britain. We had at that day no American war, no obdinate perseverance in a fatal error, to create calamity, and multiply misfortune. What ally had we now to bear us up against the enormous force of oppodng foes? Those individuals, who hoped to gain by their fuccets in privateering, might feel some comforts in the avaricious hope of deriving emoluments from a war with Holland; and pt the beginning of the conted, those hopes might be answered$ but where w$s the profpett of adyantage, in a national

View}

A.vi%u D E B 'A T E Si

view ? Would the noble lord say,- We might be able to de-(troy the Dutch traded What wad that, but to injure, perhaps to^ruin, our own ! For if <the war continued,? what maritime mercantile flare remained capable of carrying our manufactures of various kinds, to all quarters of the globe, as the Dutch had done for above a century ? The noble lord had talked loudly of the national honour, and had made injured honour one pretext for the war. Did the noble lord think, that this was a fit moment for Great1 Britain to go to war with her ancient and natural ally, merely on a point of honour ? What aflhftmcfcs 'could <the noble lord give the House, that we should not footy Bav&cause to complain, that the national honour was wounded-by *Rush a }What assurances could he give* that Fortugabwasinot likely to wound the national honour; would he p'edge himself to the House, that Denmark had friendly views ? The noble lord ftemed not to be aware,-that a war with Holland was not like challenging a single foe. The noble lord surely forgot, that there was such a thing fftabiithed* as an'armed neutrality, and that in all probability, the war with Holland would* bring upon us the neutral marium^ powers of Europe, that were not*’ already at war with usa The Bdble lord had flated it as a great offence oa the part of die States General, that they had ndt complied with the memorials presented by Sir Joseph Yorke, and furnished the aftiftaftce required. Did the noble lord recoiled, that Great Britain was in fast obliged to Holland, for not complying with die treaty-,' and perhaps Holland had abundant realons for her nefiilal, or rather her neglect to comply with the treaty ;~if*fh©>had, this country tnull have bfeen a loser upon the whole. All that we had a right to expect, was 6goo troops^prod' 20 ships of war. The instant they had been fornished, the territories of the States would have been attacked}*‘and then; Mcompliance with the treaty so often'

mentioned,by the noble lord, wc muff have sent a large army into Holland, and fu'pported her with a great naval force. Upon the whole, he declared, that he could' no otherwise account either for the war itself, nor for the defence of it set up by the noble lotfd in the blue ribbon, than by supposing, that the report so indttftridufiy propagated by the creatures of administration, immediately on the publication of the mail ifeflo, was believed by miaiftry themselves, and that they really thought that paper-would create an immediate infur-redioa in Atn&erdatn and other cities and towns in Holland.

He

j5a PARLIAMENTARY A. i}Si.

He Had for a long time, he said, seen the folly of oppafing

ministers in that house;—indeed, from the nobte lord's declaration, at the end of bit speech, it was plain the noble lord was of the fame opinion* For his part, perhaps the wisest step he could take, would be, never to let his foot in that house again, and indeed he would not have given btm-self the trouble of attending and nfing as be had done, to deliver his sentiments upon the subject then before the Hoofe, had it not been for the onwiilingnest he felt to deleft and abandon those whose principles he honoured, and far whose persons he had an affection, and who, he underwood, were Rill willing to stand forward in behalf nf the liberties of the people, and the interests of the nation, a«mft a weak, a wicked, and a dangerous set of ministert, who meant to destroy the one, and had already put the other in foeh immediate danger, and brought them near ruin, that uskh there was an instant change of metiTind mcafores, there wene hot little hopes of recovery.

He could not conclude, without observing, that the declaration of the noble lord in the blue ribbon, that the weeds he had moved were the most proper and the most & words for the House to adopt, was a Rile so di&atorial and oew to a British House of Coimflons, that be could'icarcely believe his ears when he heard it; he left it therefore to the feelings of gentlemen in general, to treat such a declaration in the manner it deserved. He also took notice of what Lord North had laid, relative to the Spanish Armada, and used it as an argument equally of the criminality of miniRers and of the neglect of the first jord of the admiralty, that they fhosdd ljave provoked a combination of foes capable of bringing such a fleet into our Channel, when we had unequal a meet to oppose it. He added likewise, that repost said our fleet had lately, (he would not say (kulked, for that was aa unpleasant phrale, but) retired from a lesser force* He repeated our want of alliances, and said, he could never approve a fyRetn of conduct, which King William, 'and every great Whig minister since his time would have condemned*

UrdNtrtb. Lord North rose, and said, if any thing improper had dropped from him in the course of thedebatt, he hoped to beio-dulged with an opportunity of explaining* The honourable gentleman who spoke last, had charged him with arrogance which he thought he had not af&imea* The bonourablegcsi-tleman had said, he had declared hit words, at they were uled in the motion, were the most proper to be adopted by

the

3

A. iy8i, DEBATE' S.*

the hdufe. Hfe begged to set the fionoutabfc gfcntiemah tight; he had {kid no such thing/ What heTaid was this i that th’e language of the motion was, in his opinion, tlfe properefr to be used in an add refs to his Majesty on the present occasion; and furdy he might be allowed to say thifr Without any great offence being taken at it. By language he Was farfrom meaning the particular words* or the particular phrafeoiogy of the motion; he had not the least tenacious at* tachment to either, and was very ready to fubinit to any amendment or alteration that any gentleman might be pleased to offer; he merely meant to recommend that fort of stile^ which, while it conveyed thanks to his Majesty for his mefi fege, and allured him of the support of the House, contained no asperity against Holland, and carried no exprefEon in it likely to aggravate and widen the breach between the two countries. The honourable gentleman who fpokc last, had treated the war as if it Was a war which the king’s servantfc had courted and rejoiced at; the very contrary was the feeling of his mind, and he would venture to say, of all his col* leagues; he thought it, as he had laid before, a very feriouc affair, and he (}loold be heartily glad it could hkve been avoid- ed. The honourable gentleman had been very warm on thd fhbjeSfr of the reign of King William, and thefyftem of hii ministry. The honourable gentleman could not be a greater enthusiast in the praise of both than he was. He applauded the Whig prinqples of that monarch and his ministers, and the fame system way the linfe of conduct which was now pur-ftied. Let the House consider what was the system of King William, the object of all that prince’s wars, and the point he succeeded in?—an endeavour to check the power Of the house of Bourbon, and preserve the balance of the power of Europe ! What aTe we fighting for at this moment?—thd Vety fame objedh The honourable gentleman fays, we havi rtcrallies. Does that prove that we do not purflie the system Of King William and the ministers of his successor? Our system is the fame—[A call across the house of, " your allies?"] If we have no allies, it only proves that we have not all thfc advantages of the system; advantages that are incidental, that depend on time, on circumstances, oh that infinite variety of eVents which destroy all poflibiliry of perfect parallel in biftofy. But the honourable gentleman fays, that in the reigns alluded to by my noble friend behind lire, a war was never commenced by Great Britain without powerful alliances*. Sir, I dehy therfaft; whetrKint V. il* Yol. XVIII; Z zliam

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

liam went into Holland, and took upon him die command of the army in Flanders, King William was without an ally. Very powerful allies, it is true, joined him afterwards; but that does not alter the aiTertion, nor does it prove that the king’s servants now do not follow the fame system.

The honourable gentleman has told us, that King William considered the interests of Great Britain and Holland, as one and the fame, and that their cause was united. The honours able gentleman fays, what I acknowledged to be true; but. Sir, what was the object of King William ?—To bumble the pride and to check the over-bearing ambition of the House of Bourbon. What is the object of our present wars ?—The feme. Unfortunately the policy of Eorope has changed of late years, and Holland, though her ruin must inevitably^ follow the ruin of Great Britain, should the house of Bourbon succeed, rejects the old policy and adopts the new one; (he is no longer the friend and ally of Great Britain, but has joined France, and broke her faith with this country through the influence and under the direction of France. Great Britain has uniformly adhered to her old system, and inviolably complied with the express conditions of her treaties, whenever her allies were attacked, and claimed her affi fiance. Unfortunately for Great Britain, the other powers of Europe have not acted with equal fidelity. The honourable gentleman fays, had King William reigned, we should have had no American war. Does the honourable gentleman deduce this argument from King William’s condu&towards America? Does he imagine that the ministers of the nth and 12th of that prince would have been afraid of exerting the rights of Great Britain in America ? Thole roinifter3 who took away the charter of MafTachuletts Bay, and when they granted a new one, made it an express condition, that it mould be forfeited upon any mifeondud of the governor. Does the honourable gentleman think that the Duke of Marlborough and the ministers of the reign of King William and Queen Anne would have put up with the French refeript, or the Spanish refeript} No, Sir, I am convinced, every man must be convinced, that their zeal for the honour of Great Britain, would have made them resent the conduit of France and Spain, by instantly commencing hostilities against the house of Bourbon; therefore, Sir, I am persuaded, had the Duke of Marlborough, had King William and Queen Anne’s whig ministers been alive now, our (ituatioa would be exafUy the same as it was at this moment.

A. tjft. DEBATES*

The honourable gentleman has said, this war with Holland will bring all Europe upon us, and aiks, whether Ruifia will not attack us, and how long Portugal will remain our friend ) Sir, these are questions that cannot be answered: I can only say, that Great Britain has never'given provocation to either the court of RufTta, or the court of Portugal 5 I do not therefore imagine, that either can harbour any resent-srient against Great Britain, or that the one or the other means to alt in an unfriendly manner against this country, which has always treated both with, respect and attention. The honourable gentleman also p relics the memorial of 1777, as a strong ground of offence given by this country,to the States General. Sir, I admit that the language of that paper, a paper not afcrtbeable foleiy to the Earl of Suffolk, Tfecause undoubtedly, it was seen and agreed to by the rdt of the king’s servants, before it was sent to bir Joseph Yorke, (and therefore if any censure belonged to the paper, it was due equally to all of the king’s servants;) but, Sir, ( admit that the language was strong, yet I hope not too strong for the occasion. Let gentlemen compare the cauie with the effect, the degree of provocation with the warmth of complaint, and I have no fear as to the conclusion that every candid judge will deduce from the companion. What, Sir, was the subjeffc of that memorial ? A Dutch governor, early it) the dispute between Great Britain and her colonies, before France had ventured to avow her perfidy, and had delivered her rescript, had not only suffered an American privateer to capture two British {hips, within cannon shot of a Dutch fort,' but had saluted the American on his entering the Dutch port with his prizes, and, instead of restoring them, had suffered the American pirate to fit out his prizes, and lend them to sea.

• His lordship declared, that the war with Holland was by no means -satisfactory to the king’s servants, who thought sis seriously of it as any one person on either fide the water could do. The Dutch had provoked the war. Even bad they perfectly preserved a neutrality, they would have violated their treaty; but he trusted he had proved, that they had taken a decided part against this country, andjiad thrown themselves into the hands of France. Under these circumstances, and when by the e*tract of the resolution of the States General to take the matter, it was evi-

dent they only meant to gain time and trifle with Great Britain, it would have beeo madnef&to have loft a moment, or

Z z 2 have

PARLIAMENTARY A. ly&t.

have Rallied tupon the bufintft, tbfc period having arrived, when the honour of the country was at ftgke. So for was he from meaning to depart from the system of'King William, land to foie fight of the line of found policy, which had first dictated, qnd for so many years, had cemented an union be-ctwfceo this country and Holland, that he fliU considered die -interests of dm two countries as inseparable, and if even after that had happened, lie fow the horde of Bourbon attempt to .turn her arms againffe Holland and destroy the liberties of the United States, he should still consider it as a British cayfo, .gnd give, his advice for aififting the States with troops and ships, in like .manner as if the treaty of Westminster had : never been violated.

Right Ho«. Right Hon. T. 1‘cxvnjhemd said, as the noble ford had fern

r. Town}-Indulged in aTeply thus early in the debate, be hoped that ' ‘the House would grant him the fame favour. He laid, foe - .noble ford had misunderstood, and consequently misrepresout--cdWhat he had said. He, had never afterted, that the Dutch, )iad inviolably adhered to, the old system; he had on the contrary charged roiniftere with criminality, in having afforded them such joftitiable reasons for adopting a new one. It was from their having precipitated jh» country into a war with America, and their raiserable conduct of that war, that all our misfortunes had arisen; they had loft all trade with, America, and when othor powers were invitod to partake of it, was it to be wondered at, that the Dutch, a mercantile people, should accept of afhareof it? To the fame cauff was it owing, that all the powers of Europe bad abandoned us, and those that had not already joined France, Spain, and America, were ready to do it, seeing that under such a wretched administration Great Britain had no ebancopf reconvening her importance and her power, and that whoever became bqr ally, would only share in her disgrace and her misfortunes.

Mr. Ayrt* Mr. Ayre said, he was for vigorous measures egauift Holland, and declared, that so for from not agreeing that the war was indifpcnfibly necessary, he was convinced, that gor vernment would have shewn the most dastardly pufiUauiru'vjy, and been at once rcgardless of the honour of Great Britain, and the rights of her subjects, if the manifesto had no* been published, and sent to Sir Joseph Yorke. The Ptitcb, it was notorious, had, during the whole contest, been huliiy employed in furnishing the French with naval stores; and they had, in more than one instance, openly ceuoftnaoced the Americans in their uovoit, He said, ho deduped hit argument

A *7P f B A T $ .5, x jju

mbpq % bop* a variety of fafts which had beep jifcjl uuth*n$v?

C4(e4» and were stated to him in letters written by perfoosoa tiic spot, of re’speStable character and undoubted voracity.

By a letter from Antigua, dated the, 33th of November, he vraa abjured of one strong fast, that would serve to prqve hie effortion, and thU was, that the Dtutch Admiral at St, Eufta*-da had ordered all the prizes, that the British privateers h^d j&adb from the Americans, und that were then there, to come tutder his stern; which being complied with, he immediately ordered the captains to restore the ftup® inffantly to their original owners, and this without a trial in any admis^lty court, without a hearing, or any sort of judicial procels what* ever* tie appealed to the House, whether a proceeding of -ibis arbitrary and unwarrantable nature, became a power in ^Uiance with Great Britain, or whether such manifqft and usy-'^sampled iujustice ought to be patiently submitted to} He 'Would not take up the time of the House, or he could adduce .further instances of Dutch violence and Dutch hostility in the West Indies. He advised ministers therefore to pursue the war agaipft the States General in a steady and determined fanner. He remembered that-in the two Iqft. vyars we had npt flood upon ceremony with the Dutch, but had seized their Blips, freighted with contraband goods to the value of millions, had brought them into port and condemned them. If ever it was oecenary to act without ceremony towards the Dutch, it was necessary at this moment, and he hoped that ministers hod taken proper precautions, <*nd given proper orders to their admirals and generals in the different quarters of the globe, by which means such blows might, he ft ruck as would most cripple the Dutch, In particular be hoped to huar soon that the'island of St. Kuftatips, that abominable nest of pirates, was in our hands! it was that island, he said, which had given the Dutch such frequent opportunity of acting treaschq-rously with Great Britain, and of shifting her enemies,

Mr. Wraxall and Lord John Caveudish presented themselves to the chair at the same time, as deiirous oLspeakiag to the question; but the eageruels of the House to hear a new member, and Lord John's natural palitencfs, obtained Mr. fVraxall a hearing iirft. This gentleman apologized Mr for riling, and claiming the attention of the House, by de-daring the peculiar state of the empire, and the accumulation of danger, werq so critical and extraordinary, that, in his opinion, it behoved every member of that House, who had formed an opinion upon either the one or the other, to

let

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

let his fentlments be known, in order that his fellow subjects might profit by them, if they contained a single idea that could be turned to advantage, or rendered in the least degree conducive to a recovery of the national prosperity. this exordium, Mr, Wraxall called back the attention of the House to the peace in 1762, observing how glorious, how sublime our situation was at that period, and adding, that it was followed by succeeding years of splendour, during all which time we were not only the envy of the modern world, hut our greatness far surpassed the greatndfs of ancient Rome at its brightest era. He followed this eulogy with remarking, that we had (incc experienced a gradual and alarming gradation of misfortunes, which he traced regularly from their commencement down to the, present unfortunate moment. The spark, he laid, first appeared at Boston, and on the banks of the Delaware in 1774—-that spark which not only soon set the whole American continent in a flame, but which, at length, communicated itself to the continent of Europe; till at length, in the year 1778, France interposed, and delivered her hostile rescript to his Majesty’s ministers in London. The bulinefsof that campaign he dwek on, as the most unfortunate for this country that could have hap*

Jened, and when he came to touch upon the fatal 27th of uty, he gave a loose to the -feelings of his mind, and said, that day, that disgraceful day, on which the honour of the British nag was ingloriously sullied, on which the French Beet were shamefully suffered to regain their ports, scanceljr sensible of the effects of a partial action, on which an opportunity of terminating the war with glory was foffered to escape, that day ought to be blotted from* our calender, and no more remembered, or if remembered, it ought to be kept as a day of humiliation! Recovering from the animated -ftilo of sensibility into which the subject had led him, Mr. Wrax-all returned to his historical narrative, and said, he wondered not, after the campaign of 1778, that Spain, though (low. yet true to the interests of the elder branch of the house of Bourbon, should, in the commencement of the year 1779, join France in the confederacy; but he said it was refen ed for our astonishment and indignation in the last day of December 1780, to see the tardy Dutchman, long engaged in the silent arts of commerce, and a ft ranger to war for near half a century; to fee a nation which owed its origin, its progress, and its protection, to the fostering band of Eng*

A. 1781. DEBATES.

land, now join the standardof the house of Bourbon against its only natural ally.

Having brought his date of events to this period, he took Up forae little time in drawing a comparison between the wars in which Great Britain was now engaged, and those which -Louis XIV. had been engaged in, during his life-time, in order to /hew that they were extremely di/similar, the wars of Louis XIV. havingtalmost every one of them been wars of intention, of system, of premeditation; wars that were planned in the closet; wars debated, settled, and decided upon in the cabinet of Versailles : whereas, the wars Great Britain had at this time upon her hands, were wars into which /he had unwillingly entered; wars of compulsion, wars that /he was obliged to undertake, orresign her just rights, and with them publicly forfeit and abandon all claim to honour, to dignity, and to power.' as a free and independent maritime state.. Having clearly ascertained this point, he said, he was come to that period of tys speech when it would have been fit to have taken a view of the extraordinary situation of this country, in the moment that he was speaking, was he not unfortunately convinced that the picture would have presented a combination of images too melancholy and too expressive of our misfortunes, already sufficiently well known, to have been either desirable or necessary for him to describe. He would therefore spare himself the trouble of going Into an examination of the present state of our affairs in America, in the West Indies, in Ireland, in India, in Africa, and at home, and taking for granted that it was admitted on all hands that we were in a state of ehcreasing danger, and labouring under every species of distress, would come to one /hort questiou upon the subjedh—In this crisis, where were we to find pro- ■. te&ioq ? How retrieve our former situation

And here, Mr. Wraxall laid, it would be proper to consider a little, what had been our practice in former wars, and whence we had chiefly derived our l'uccefs. A great part of our present misfortunes, he conceived, had their source in new policy, which this country had lately adopted, and in a. blind bigotry to that political tenet, which he never would con lent to embrace, and which he was fully persuaded, had no foundation in truth, no foundation in policy. The tenet or maxim to which he alluded, was that lately established by those, who, he was persuaded, did not understand what they had endeavoured to maintain, viz. " That continental con? ne&ons were incompatible with the true interests of Great Britain.*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1761.

I

Britaift." If the troth or falsehood of any maxim was to be judged of by a recourse to long experience (the befl' test of all maxims civil, religious, or political!) we had every reason in the world to deny the new policy, and* adhere to the old one. Let the House advert to the wars of King William* the wars of Queen Anne, and the still more recent wars of 1741 and 17 <b, and they would fee, from the inconteftxble evidence of established faXs, that this country, in all those wars, had deduced mod essential advantages from our having Continental connexions. But it was from the history of France, and from her annals, Mr. Wraxall said, that the proof of his aflfertion might be still more strongly and incon-testibly deduced. He appealed in the most animated terms, to every general who had successi vely commanded the armies of France since the brightest aera of Louis the XIVth’s ruin. He appealed to the great names of Turenne, of Conde, and of Luxembourg, covered as those heroes were with laurels and trophies, to justifyhis position, that Continental wars had ever been fatal to France." He appealed with still more season to the calamitous war of the succession; to Vendome* so Villars, and to Villerby, to evince thfe faX. He appealed tb the manes of those French, who in the war of 1741* had perished in the marlhes and among the mountains of Bohemia, under Beheifle and Noailles. He lastly appealed to the glorious plains of Minden and of Rofbach; to every man whs commanded the armies of France in the late war; to EyEtrees, to Contades, to Richlieu, to Broglio, and to Soubiae. France, he laid, still retained deeply engraven on her bleed* ing bolbm, the sanguinary characters in which was written, ibt irutL of this ajftrtion. To look at the system of having no continental alliances, as adopted at the peace of Fontainbleau in 1763, m another point of view, let the House examine it to the bottom. Let them appeal to their own*feelings, whether its destruXive consequences were not among the essential causes of our present misfortunes! Having urged this, Mr. Wraxall demonstrated the necessity of our procuring an immediate ally on the continent; a doXrine which he enforced with the strongest argument^ and with all the *eal and ardbur of a man fpcakine from the impulfeof the fullest conviXipn. He ended this head of hrs speech with asking, Wht> was to be this ally ? And in order to prepare the House for the mention of the power whole alliance he thought most likely to be of service to us, he jirew a piXttWof Europe as It jfroou at the present time.

Ffc

A. 17Si. DEBATES,

He first began with a descripeion of Denmark. That country, he said, from which formerly lifted the pirates and Che conquerors of the North, was now funk into a situation which left little to fear or to hope from her enmity or htr friend ship. He said,/ that since the middle of the last century, when the politics of Europe had afftmed their modern form# Denmark had been almost uniformly friendly to this country f hut that, by one of those many Angular fatalities which seem* ed new toopprefs the empire, Denmark wafbecome inimical *0 England. He mentioned the resolution of 177a* and said# Denmark had at present a government feeble and incapable, a ministry and a regent hoftil* to Great Britain; Norway scarce held in subjeXion, a wretched army, a navy incompetent^ and inadequate, even supposing the inciination, to afford us any afKftance. He next called the attention of the House to Sweden, governed by a king rendered absolute by French money in 1772. Sweden, he said, every since Christina and Gustavus Adolphus, had been uniformly the ally of France. French councils and French connexions had ever preserved their ascent in the court of Stockholm, which from every principle and every motive was hoftfte to the imerefts of this country.' Sweden, he besides observed, like her After Denmark, was now far declined in splendour and in force. Heir Beets and her armies were confined to (be limits of the frozen Baltic. Modern Sweden was no longer able, as under Charles the Twelfth, to march armies into Saxony and Bohemia, and strike its terror into Vienna and Versailles; whence, and from other data, he clearly proved, that all hopes of support from Sweden would be firuitless.

He then took a view of Russia, and described the emprefe and her charaXer, on which he passed a warm eulogium. He spoke of her attachment some years since to Great Britain, and ber disposition to assist us. But that moment, he said, was past and gone; we had loft it by our own want of exertion, and the empress was no longer friendly. She 'neither was willing, nor if she had it in her inclination, was it in ber power to afford us effectual and decisive assistance.. The junXton of a Ruffian squadron was not now to be hoped for; nor if such a circumstance took place, would it ensure a certain superiority over the united navies of France, Spain, and Holland. With regard to her land forces, the empress could not now, as was done in the year 1747, march an army from the gulph of Finland to the Rhine, without the per-V*L. XVIII, A a a - miffioa

L.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

million of the koufes of Austria, or Brandenburgh, or perhaps of both.

Mr. Wraxall proceeded ixfhis picture, and after observing, that Poland, Sardinia, Naples, and Portugal, were only ■kingdoms in name, and in the empty honours of the diadem, and therefore of little consideration in a matter of such vast importance, came to his ultimatum, laying it down as a fair conclusion, from what he had said of Denmark, Sweden, and Russia, that it was either from Profiia, or Austria, that we mud derive assistance. In order to ascertain which of the two was best enabled and most likely to prove a powerful ally to Great Britain, he went into a defcnption of the present situation of both those powers; and first he spoke of PrufHa.

He began with explaining the extent of the Prussian dominions, and Hating the force of the Prussian army, the nature of the Prussian finances, and the degree of resources which Prussia polTclTed. He said, that by the latest returns of the army, they amounted barely to 208,000 troops, including Bofniaiques and Hulfars 5 that nearly one half of these were Poles, French, or composed of every nation of Europe, etjlifted in that service. He afterwards drew a picture of the present king, and con traded what he is, by shewing what he was during the last war, and by describing his conduct and character from the year 1756 to the year 1763. He next asserted, that the king was no longer that great prince and great general which he had with truth been believed to be l'ome years ago; that he was infirm, far declined in years, in corporeal and intellectual vigour, and perhaps funk in reputation. That he had retired from his people, and lived like a recluse, shut up in the gloomy apartments of Potldam, icarce feeh by his subjects. In fine, that he was no longer the hero who fought at LilTa, at Rofbach, at Prague, at Tor-gau, and at Lowofitz, who carried victory wherever he appeared; who was ip/c agmen, and who had marked every year of the late war by glories and by trophies, Ac. Ac. After this porn ait, of the Prussian monarch, the great features of which Mr. Wraxall rendered very striking, by touching them with a peculiar boldness of pencil, he proceeded to give other reasons against a Prussian alliance. He stated the king's known enmity to Great Britain, and his obvious prcdile&ion for France. He spoke also of the subsidy which yet remained due to him from this country, and mentioned the great

inferiority

3*3

A. i;8i« DEBATES.

inferiority of his force to that of the house of Austria, ad* during as an additional argument, the general disaffection of his soldiery, who complained, that in the late rupture with the emperor, they had not been led on as they used to be in former wars, when they had been almost uniformly vi&o-rious.

Having finished all he wished to urge with regard to Prussia, Mr, Wraxall turned to the favourite object of his speech, the Recommendation of an alliance with Austria, which he urged in a very persuasive and powerful manner. He drew a picture of Austria, describing with great accuracy its vast extent of dominion, its great resources, the number of its army,7and its present state of finance. He said, that the Imperial forces at this time amounted to 243,000 men, mostly drawn from the hereditary kingdoms and provinces of that extensive monarchy; and that they could be with ease augmented to 320,000, as was actually the case, previous to the treaty of Tefehen, in the month of April 1779. He spoke also of the situation of the Austrian empire, as far as it rendered her capable of annoying and attacking France, and reminded the House of our ancient alliances and wars under Leopold, Joseph the First, Charles the Sixth, and in the year 1742, in the reign of Maria Theresa. The mention of this princess led him into a description of the court and capital, which he followed with a description of Maria Theresa herself. That great princess, he said, though attached to England in the beginning of her reign, and though in some measure indebted to us for the diadems (he wore, yet in the evening of her life, had become, from various private and political causes, fatally estranged and alienated from the English nation.

He spoke of her religious prejudices, and of her attachment to France. He observed, that file had three daughters married to princes of the house of Bourbon, and accounted for her disinclination to war, from religion, from age, and from other powerful motives. He emphatically laid, the guardian gods of the Britannic empire removed her, by death, on the 29th of November last, an event which occasioned a great change in the court of Vienna. He next drew a prriurc of the present emperor, Joseph the Second, {taring his age, and describing his education, ambition, activity, and courage. He declared that the present emperor had a perfect knowledge, not only of his own dominions, but of France and of various parts of Europe. He said, that fmee the Emperor

A a a 2 Adrian,

3«4 ' PARLIAMENTARY

Adrian who bareheaded and barefooted had traversed at die head of his legions, the vast provinces of the Roman empire, no prince had so accurately and so minutely visited his territories as Joseph the Second had done. He described his third of glory, and above all, his desire of opening the commerce of India and of the world to his subjects, in glowing torms. He followed this with an eulogium on his enlarged mind and capacity, declaring that the emperor entertained a dislike to France, and a jealously of that neighbour, both of which were rather confirmed than removed by his late journey to Paris; on the contrary, that he had a sincere regard for the.English nation; a regard which wc might improve greatly to our advantage: for the emperor was superior to all religions prejudices, or the influence of mere family connection; he had fhfcwn himself capable of great exertion in every department of date; his reign was just opening, and his prefer situation such as would give every pof&ble fecility to negotiation. Mr. Wraxall said further, that the emperor's superiority over the King of Prussia as a power of Europe was prodigious; that his conduct during the short war of 1778, and the ascendancy which his troops then gained over those of Prussia, proved at once his ability as a general and his power as a prince.

He added, that the emperor had an army of between three and four hundred thousand men, the fined troops in Europe, who idolized their sovereign, were all anxious to shew their aeal and attachment to him, and had expressed some mortification when their royal master Sacrificed his martial ardour to the pacific disposition of his late parent. He likewise reminded the House that we had some claim to the emperor's friendship, having supported his grandfather's pretensions to the crown of Spain, and established the tottering throne of his mother, the late empress* He directed the attention of the House to the emperor, as to the defeendant of Leopold, whom we had sustained against the arms of Louis XIV. As to the nephew and the grandson of Joseph the First and Char)es the Sixth, for whom our ancestors had fought and bled in Spaing in Flanders, and in every quarter of the earth; as to the fbn of Maria Theresa* whom we had ref-cued from the oppression of the house of Bourbon. After enforcing these and other arguments, and after having drawn a - moil animated character of Joseph, and described and dwelt on his virtues and qualifications, with all the warmth of a paifionatc admirer, Mr, Wraxall said, the qu eft ion that tnuft

naturally

A. 17 *i. DEBATES.

naturally result to the House from what they had heard relative to the present emperor, must be—-How was the emperor to be induced to help us ? To this he fturnld answer, by making him three great leading propofttions—First, by a vote of a million, to enable him to take the held; secondly, to open Antwerp as a free port; thirdly, to offer him in India, Malacca, Ceylon, Cochin, or, even Negapatnam.

In support of these three propositions, Mr. Wraxall argued for a considerable time. With regard to the first he made ait able defence of it, and ibewed its absolute necessity, proving the emperor’s want of money by facts, and arguing as a consequence, that there was the greater probability of his being open to such an offer. He met the objections that he fore-saw would be made, on the score of the present national distress of Great Britain, and did them away, by declaring at once, that if under our present circumstances, and for such a purpose as the obtaining so powerful an ally, we could not spare a million, in God’s name let us instantly beg peaceon our knees, as Louis the Fourteenth did at Gertruydenburg in 1709. With regard to the second proportion, that of opening the port of Antwerp, he first described Antwerp, and the Schelde, and then the city of Arafterdam and the Texel, shewing that the former was every way superior in point of situation to the latter, and in point of commercial convenience and advantage. He compared the two rivers, and their navigation and depth of water; from the whole of the companion it was evident that Antwerp was vastly superior, as a port, to Amsterdam. He then spoke of the impediment to the present navigation of the Schelde^ declaring that he was well informed the Dutch had not merely funk a parcel of stones, but that with great pains and labour, and at a large expence, they had built within fide of a vessel of considerable magnitude (which served as a kind of caifton) a regular work of stone, cemented and joined together in the strongest manner, with a view to enable it the better to resist the depredation of lime, and the attempts of engineers to remove it. The impediment, he said, he nevertheless did not consider as irremoveable, though the getting it away would probably cost a Wee sum.

He then entered very minutely into another important ob-ftadc to the revival of the trade of Antwerp, which was the fortress of Lillo, constructed by the Dutch in 1584. Lillo, he said, was situated on the eastern bank of the Schelde, about eight miles north-west of Antwerp, and about three miles

above'

366

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

above the spot where that river divides into two branches. This fort entirely prevented the commerce of Antwerp, by the severe duties exalted on all articles of merchandize; but in case of a rupture between the emperor and Holland, it could not hold out a single day. By way of enforcing this plan of opening the port of Antwerp, he gave an account of the opening of the port of Ostend by Charles VI. and of our compelling him to shut it up again in the year 1728, and shewed that immense advantages might be gained by Austria from following a similar plan, and that the alrooft inevitable consequence would be great injury to France, the ruin of Holland, and material benefit to Great Britain.

In support of his third proposition, relative to India, he gave an account of the femperor’s protellion of Mr. Bolts, and his efforts to establish a commerce to India from Tricfte, flicwing how far he had advanced in that projelfc, and the great personal attention which he paid to it, whence he inferred, that the emperor had the utmost anxiety to gain an establishment in India. Asa proof of this fall, he mentioned the circumstance of Mr. Bolt’s having proposed to one Cloman (who had been Secretary to the Danish settlement of Trankebar, oa the coast of Coromandel) to go as resident to the islands of Nicobar in the, Bay of Bengal, where Bolts had erelled the imperial flag, though those islands are claimed by the court of Denmark. Since therefore it was the great objell of the court of Vienna to acquire some pqfiefiions in India, he proposed the offering Malacca, Ceylon, and Cochin, or even Ncgapatnam, to the emperor, each of which he minutely described. To add to these great and irresistible inducements, he said, we ought likewise to diminish the duties on Flemish laces, and on other articles exported from the Austrian Netherlands.

Having thus explained his ideas of the means and terms of the negotiation with the court of Vienna, which he had, adviicd, Mr. Wraxall went into a consideration of its consequence9. # In order to shew which, he first gave an ample description of the grand cantonments in Bohemia, Bavaria, Upper Austria and Swabia, and then said, that the emperor must march towards the Rhine, as Prince Charles of Lorraine did in the year 1744; he must demand his patrimony of Lorraine torn from him in 1737, and he must re-demand Al-face, as depending on the empire. Could it, he demanded, he doubted, if this scheme was practicable ? Could it be questioned, whether the emperor was able to force a passage

across

A* i7$r. D £ B A 7 £ S«

across the Rhine ? How often has Merfi and Monteculi and Piccolomini passed the Rhine in the lad century, in defiance of the armies of France ? Had we not repeatedly passed it, during the wars of Queen Anne in 1707 and 1708, when George the FiriL (&en elector of Hanover) commanded the allied army ? Had f&t Prince Charles of Lorraine passed it in 1744, when a njarechalof France fled before him, when Louis the Fifteenth flew to the refeue of his country and his frontier, when the Austrian army carried terror to the borders of Champagne and Burgundy ? All theie objects Mr. Wrax-ail contended were practicable, and that the King of Prussia was incapable of preventing the emperor from fending an army of 50,000 men towards the Rhine, for that the emperor could encrease his army at pleasure, and that the marches he had fuggeffed, might be performed with such infinite rapidity and celerity, that the Austrian army might be at the gates of Strasbourg by the first of June next. What would result from this ? France must defend herself, and the moment Franee is compelled to march 50,000 men fifty mile9 from her own frontiers, from Metz, Thionville, Strasbourg, and Brifac, or from her garrisons in Flanders, c< down falls her boasted navy, her finances are instantly alienated, and no more money can be sent to Brest, Rochfort, or Toulon! Madrid and the Hague will also be instantly shaken, their navy will crumble away, and cannot be recruited, or money found for its equipment. Our object is gained !"

Having thus elucidated his whole plan of advice, and {hewed its prooable consequences, Mr. Wraxall, drew towards a conclusion, leading to it by a most pathetic exhortation to the House, not to lose time in vain and idle deliberation, but instantly to open a negotiation with the emperor. Impediments, he acknowledged, there were in the way of his projeCf, but they were not insuperable. Great minds conquered ob--ftacles—they were made for them. The destruction of France was incontestible if the emperor joined us, and marched towards the Rhine. England would be saved, restored to her ancient glories, and capacitated to destroy the marine of France and Spain. That navy, he declared, mvift be setroyed. He knew there was no lpell, no magic, no charm, northing cabalistical in the words d, which had been used by a noble lord [Lord Lewiiham] in a former debate, and which some gentlemen had attempted to turn.into ridicule; but they were words which conveyed an idea that could pot too often t$e presented to the minds of ministers,

to

PARLIAMENTARY A. i j *i.

to the minds of that House of Parliament, and to the minds of the nation at large ! Dtlends tji Carthago must and ought to

be the first of ail confederations at this crisis; there was no other expedient to be discovered that could-save us in oor present distress, but deft roying the navy of thchouse of Bourbon.

Mr. Wraxall paid the highest compliments to the abilities of the King’s servants; he said he had no doubt of their ex* teniive capacities, and their great qualifications; he only begged leave to recommend to them vigour, firmness, celerity, and dispatch; on all of which, combined, our safety depended.

Mr. Sinclair expressed a mixture of regret and indignation, in which the latter was the chief ingredient, at this quarrel with Holland, a country bound to this by so many ties of intercourse, a similarity of opinions, and of prejudices, gratitude and interest. While so many powers were leagued against Britain, that Holland shoula join the general confederacy, was indeed astonishing, and to that country we might apply the proverbial words, et tu, Brute.

He recollected, on this occasion, the sentiments of De Witt, who had invariably considered Britain as the natural «lly and only protestrefs of Holland. The reatoning of that great and virtuous citizen should raise the spirits of gentle- j men in this House, and determine them to defend the great-nefsof the British empire with manly vigour. De Wit had ! said, that if ever Holland should break with .Great Britain, the latter power, from her superior local advantages, must prevail in the contest.

The Dutch avoided the rocky and dangerous coast of Franee, even in fair weather, and interopeftuous seasons were obliged to fail under the English coast: how easy, therefore, to intercept their trade in the Channel, and how easy to drive them from the coast of Scotland, from the fisheries on which, to the eternal disgrace of the English, they drew annually five millions sterling. He ixhorted the House to be firm. There j were yet spirit and resources in this country sufficient to ex* tricate it out of all its difficulties: but if you flinch, if you lose by timid counfeU, your rank and dignity amongst the states of Europe, farewel—a long farewel to all your greatness! for when we fall, we fall, like Lucifer, never to rife again!

He said, that if there was despondency, it was only in the senate. All ranks without doors were in the highest spirits, fitting out privateers against the enemies of their country, and subscribing money for its defence. It was a shame that

4

A« iySf* D £ BATES*

3*9

any appearance of doubt and fear should exist within the walls of that House : for his part he would never encourage any speeches against the proposed address, or any amendments; but declared, from his foul, his hearty jresolution to refill all the enemies of his country,

Alderman §au&ridgi said, he felt no shame in endeavouring

to. mollify the’refentraent df a natural ally, now an unnatu-ral enemy, fie did not wish that any violence or precipitation in that House should encrease the flame. He rather wished to soften matters by moderate speech and prudent councils. He proved that rainiftry had been the aggressors in all the Wars in which they are involved. He infilled that the haughtiness of Britain had combined the world against her; and that the war with Holland was unjust and impolitic. While France was the first power in Europe, the nations around were confederated, against her: when Britain rose to an envied pitch of greatpels, a just apprehension of a similar hostile confederacy should have taught her justice, wisdom, and moderation.

Lord J. Cavendi/hhad made no opposition to a war with Lotj J.

Spain ana France, because those nations were the aggressorg.

Here, he confessed, when a war was declared against Holland, he paused. He wished for farther information on that &rbje&. He wished to know if it was unavoidable. The noble lord had complained that the Dutch had broken the treaty between their country and this; but had proper nyeans been used in order to engage them to abide 'by the treaty }

Was the noble lord to be ioformed that treaties never bound any nation in of'position to strong passions or interest ? Had any pains been taken to keep the passions and the interest of Holland on our fide

The noble lord had talked of the operation of French gold in the United Provinces. And what if some English gold had been sent over to countera& the operation Of the French gold ? It was often worse employed. He would not give his negative to any motion that implied a resolution to support a war against the Dutch : but he desired time to consider of it.

He therefore proposed, as an amendment to the address, that instead of the words unavoidable necesjity carrying on See* the words rupture with Holland should be inserted.

. This was proposed as a leading amendment to another, the purport of which was, that the House would take the papers before them into consideration, and if it should appear that the war with Holland was unavoidably necesiary, then the He ~ " it.

B b b

Sic

floosie

370 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178.1.

SirEJwtrd Sir Edward djlley represented the growing burdens of this country, and asked ministers and placemen, whether they would set an example of chearful support, by contributing to the public cause out of their great pensions and salaries

Sir Ttmcu Srt Francis Bajpt allced Alderman Sawbridge, who, he said,

Buffet, had declared that the conduct of Great Britain had been haughty and unjust, for all the world thought it so, whether majorities were always in the right, and minorities always in the Wrong

Mr. F«*. Mr. Fox said he was as little apt to despond as any man : but true courage did not conlift in blindly rulhing forward upon danger, but iii opening our eyes, estimating its magnitude, ana deviling means of clcaping from it. The origin of this rupture with Holland, Mr. Fox ascribed to Lord Suffolk's memorial to the States General in the year 1777. This alarmed the pride and jealously of the Dutch, and gave the French faction an handle against the friends of England! These are the friends you wim to support rather than the French; a proud and haughty people, who want to ' treat you as their dependents, and not as a free state.

Mrr Fox contended, that all the troubles which fell upon this country originated inachangeof political cpinion. For had the true whig principles prevailed, that prevailed in the days of King William and Queen Anne, at least in the first part of her reign, and in the two subsequent reigns, America would now have been fighting by the fide of Great Britain, or rather, the liberties of America not having been invaded, the occasion of all the quarrels that now fubuft would have been prevented. But the interestof the prince, that is, of the ministry, was now conceived to be different from that of the people; the honour of the crown was to be maintained at the expence of the ruin of the people, and provided they governed, the condition of those who obeyed was a maiter of indifference. The rfeign of Charles II. had been called an infamous reign. But not one of the Stuarts had done so epoch mischief to this country as the present ministry. The mischiefs done in the reignsof the Stuarts, were retrieved by a resolution in political principles, but the ills that had hap* pened in the present rei£n were irreparable. The Empress of Russia, and his present Majesty, had mounted the thrones of their respective empires, much about the same time. But bow great the difference in the two reigns \ Great Britain had declined with a suddenness equal to the rapidity with which Rufliahad arisen to her present eminence.

He

;d

371

A. 1781, DEBATES.

He did not accuse ministry of want of sense, or want of acuteness and penetiation. Even errors of judgment, which were pardonable in individuals, were crimes, indeed, in ministers; for if they were not fit to hold the reins of government, they had no business to grasp them. But it was not with want of capacity that he charged them; they had capacity, but it was all exhausted; not in foreign politics, for that was the business of the nation, but in managing that House, and ocher similar things, which was their own interest. But it was commonly said, we are in a bad state; but what signifies it to enquire how we came there? the matter is, how shall we extricate ourfeives from it. Mr. Fox encountered this seasoning in this manner.—This would be good reasoniftg if we were reduced to the last extremity of wretchedness; but it is nor good reasoning so long as we have any thing to hope for, and ate not reduced to absolute despair. Whilq it is possible for ministry to lead us, through their miiconduft, into a more deplorable condition than we are in at present, the enquiry into the cause of our growing calamities is neither impertinent nor useless. When the Colonies revolted, it was v said, what is the use of enquiring into the cause of this misfortune ? Let us endeavour to retrieve it. But 1 insist, said Mr. Fox, there was an use in enquiring into the cause of that evil; for if we had done that, we should have had no war with France and Spain. When that war happened, the fame filly question was repeated; and I repeat, now, that if ministry had been removed on that occasion, we should not now have a war with Holland.

And now it remains to eqmre, whether it may not be possible to prevent a war with Russia, Portugal, Sweden, &c.— The noble lord fays, if Upon my word I do not know whether we shall have our honour to defend against Russia and Portugal; but this I know, that Great Britain has never given them any provocation, and therefore has no reason to dread their resentment."

But, - ^ir, we know, from the noble lord’s authority, that we had never given any provocation to France or Spain, yet they became our enemies, it was an unreasonable thing to expect such an event, yet it happened; and how do we know but a war with Ruftia and Portugal may also happen to U6

I wish the noble lord would give us some gleam of hope, by telling us any reason he may have for thinking this will not be the case. Should all thelc powers combine against

B b b 2us

37*

PARLIAMENTARY A. s)8s.

us; should the Ruffian, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch fleets, be added to the fleet of Bourbon, to which the boasted Spain fh Armada was, in the noble lord’s opinion, hut a trifle; will it be that fleet that will protect us,which has been,Ido not say ikufking, for these two years, but retreating (as Admiral Darby lately did, as is said, before an inferior force) up the Channel, that will lave us

The Secretary at War boasted, that we had loft nothing last year. But if deienda eft Carthago^ meaning the fleet of Fiauce, how wilt these negative advantages gain that object ? This is now our motto, fugcre et falicre tempus triumpbus efiy Ac. Ac.

LwAG.Ger- Lord G. Germain said, he would not attempt to follow the *• honourable gentleman who spoke last, through all that variety of matter which composed his speech. He could not hope for the attention of the House, if he went into so wide a fuhjefl as the cause of the American war* He would only make some observations which occurred to him, which he did, and among which were these.

He arraigned the folly of those'who suppoied we might make peace with America when we pleafrd. He said, if the war with Holland was not unavoidable, why not impeach ministry for involving the nation in blood, and wafting the public treasure

His lordship concluded with, observing, that although miinuations had been thrown out with respect to the part which Russia was to take in the present hostilities, a pait which was ftflpe&ed to be adverse to this country, he for his part asserted, that he had received no information whatever to make him give any credit to this report, neither did he believe it.

Mr. M*rk* Mr. Burke followed Lord George, lamented much the dreadful iituation into which this country had been plunged by the folly and ignorance of ministers.

He asked what was the reason we were at present without an ally ? This was owing to a spirit of arrogance in our councils. The consequence was, that after Holland, we should have Russia and all the other armed neutral powers against us. In the natural course of things, that which carried an evil aspect turned out often to be beneficial in its consequencew Peradventure, added he, this armed neutrality, hostile in appearance to Great Britain, might in case of extremity ia-

tevpost

A. 1381. DEBATES,

tcrpole and raise up its friendly arm to support her from linlc* ing apd to preserve the proper balance of power: but now that we bad rushed on precipitately to attack one of these armed powers, the others, connected together by the fame treaty and alliance, would soon follow.

That Holland might be considered, from her situation and other circumstances, as a kind of general market, in which, all the kingdoms of Europe were more or less conni&ed.

Her commerce was a kind of commercial neutrality; and so enlarged were her views, as not only to supply other nations at war, but even her own enemies, with warlike articles, to be employed against herself. A nation, therefore, considered as so universally useful, her cause would be a common one. He concluded with adding, that he could not give his approbation of a war big with such dreadful consequences, without having more material information before him.

Mr. Dunning observed shortly, that after what the honour- Mr. liable gentleman [Mr. Burke] had said. nothing remained for him to say; he would only observe, that he d;d not uoder-stand by what law we could call upon the States General to punish an individual, for forming a new projefl with re*-spe& to Commerce, and what punishment could be inflidte^ upon him; he could only think of one precedent, and that was of Czar Peter of Muscov\, who, when his ambassador was infulred by some sherifPs officers, sent over to demand reparation for the injury, and it was supposed that a present of some of their heads could be the only satisfaction.

The question being put, whether the amendment {land part of the add refs, the House divided, for the amendment 101, against it 180.

Trird Maben moved another amendment, which was to f leave out the last paragraph of the King’s mefiage, and to insert €€ That the House will immediately apply itself to examine, with the most serious attention, the causes which have led to this new and unfortunate situation of hostility against the ancient and natural ally of this kingdom, and whefc satis&ed of the neceslity of such a measure, will exert their utmost endeavours to support the honour of his Majesty’* crown and the real interests of his people."

This was negatived without a division: upon which the main question was put, and agreed to.

January 26. ffot members sufficient to make a House.

r

PARLIAMENTARY

'January 27,

:d 5

A. 1781

The add ref* reported and agreed to Adjourned to the 19th.

'January 29.

The address presented to his Majesty at St. James’s.

The humble Address of the House of Commons to the King*

€€ Most Gracious Sovereign,

€t WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parlament assembled, return your Majesty our humble thanks for your most gracious message, and for having been pleased to communicate to this House your Majesty’s public declaration of the caules and motives which have obliged your Majesty todireft letters of marque, and general repriials, to be issued against the States General of the United Provinces and their subjects.

€t Permit us, Sir, to assure your Majesty, that we take a most sincere part in the concern anJ regret which your Majesty expresses, for the unavoidable necessity of hostile measures against the ancient friends and natural allies of your kingdoms.

" We acknowledge, with the warmest sentiments of gratitude, the wisdom and moderation of your Majesty’s conduit, in uling every endeavour, before your Majesty proceeded to extremities, to prevail on the States General to revert to that system of found policy which used to govern their councils in the best times of the republic, and which formed and established her union with Great Britain, for the common interest and mutual safety of both countries.

u We beg leave to assure your Majesty, that your faithful Commons will, with a firm and determined resolution, support your Majesty against all your enemies, in the prosecution of this just and necessary war, for the maintenance of the honour of your crown, and of the rights and interests of your people."

His Majesty’s

" Gentlemen,

liNothing could give me so much satisfaction as this very loyal and affectionate address.

uI return you my most cordial thanks, for the zealous assurances of the continuance of your support; and 1 allure you, on my part, that I never called for that support except when I was convinced that it was essentially necessary for the welfare and securi.ty of my kiogdoms, and for the mainte-, nance

37 S

A. 1781. DEBATES.

nance of the honour of my crown, which I shall always consider as inseparably connected with the intcrefls of my people.* \

January 30.

Decollation of Charles I.

January 31.

Mr. Hujpy moved, That there be laid before this House, Mr. Hvjfo* an account of the number of letters of marque and repri-fals granted since the present war, distinguishing the number against America, France, Spaio, and Holland.

Earl Nugent said, he was surprised at such a motion, and Earlier*, begged to know if there was any precedent for it.

Mr. HuJJey desired to ask the noble lord if he bad any ob- Mr. jeftion to make to his motion

Earl Nugent said, he thought the motion unusual, and that it might do harm, by informing our enemies the number and force of the ships described by the motion.

Sir Joseph Mawbey said, the objection would apply equally SIr y0je^ to every motion relative to the army and navy, of the state JVhnvtHj. and amount of which the enemy were as well apprized as we were.

Sir Richard Sutton asserted, that the enemy had not com- Sir i plete accounts of our navy; they might have a general lift of it, but that lift did not describe them its condition, the number fit for sea, the number in dock, under repair, &c.

The present motion, however, was of a very different complexion. It was for an account of the number of letters of marque and reprisals that had been issued, not the state of the public but the state of the private force of the nation, of which our enemies could have no information already, nor were likely to obtain any, unless they came at it by the present motion.

Right honourable 71 Townshend said, he could not fit Rt. hon, T. iilent, and hear such an interpretation put upon his honourable friend’s motion, which he had opened fairly and temperately; and therefore it was unjust and indecent to impute it to so dishonourable a motive.

Lord North iaid, his honourable friend near him [Sir R. Lori

Sutton] had not imputed aDy motive whatever to the gentleman who had made the motion, but had pointed out to him what would be the probable consequence of his motion, if agreed to by the House; his lordship added, he did not doubt, when the honourable gentleman considered that it was always customary, when a motion for any particular papers was

made,

floosie

3)5 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17R1.

frtade, for the mover to state to what purpose or enquiry fhofe papers were dt-signed to be applied, in order that tK House, previous to their determining on the motion, might judge of the propriety of the eaquvry. His lordship concluded with begging that Mr. Huffey would withdraw his motion, because undoubtedly it tended to give the enemy very material information, which they could not otherwise procure.

Hr. Hujftj,' Mr. Hujpy (,aid, attacked as be had been, he would Rate to the House for what purpose he had made the motion, and how he meant to apply the information it Would give. Undoubtedly he did not deiign it to serve the enemy, and if it had (truck him as likely to have any such effefl, he would not ha\e made it; the reason why he made it was, hr order to ascertain, by the number of letters of marque ind rcpriGd that had been iffoed, whether his suspicions, that prope^ exertions were not used to man the navy, were well or ill founded. If the number of letters of marque were as numerous as had been reported, certainly his lufoicioUs were well founded, and great blame was due fomewnere. From what the noble lord had said of the' probabte of his

motion, he would consent, with the leave of the House, to withdraw it; but he begged leave to a(k the noble lord two questions : the one wa6, whether it was intended in coofe-quence of the rupture with Holland (which he thought s very unfortunate affair for this country) to apply to Parliament for 20,000 more seamen ? because if minrfters did not mean to make such an application, he would himself move It. His other question was, as the noble lord would probably in a fortnight, or a month, come to the House with notice of a new loan, whether he was making it in such a manner as to provide a prop for the credit of the nation, and not borrow it at such high interest as he had done of late, in consequence of which, if something was not done speedily, the national credit would go—he was.aihamed to say where?

LerANcrtB. Lord North paid some very high compliments to Mr. Huffey on his zeal to serve his country, of which he said he had met with many instances, and acknowledged that he had frequently received great assistance and information from his abilities. His lordship then said, (here were various reafoos which muff ffrike the House, that made it highly improper 'to mention any thing thfere relative to the loan, till after it was settled; but if the honourable gentleman would do him the favour to let him fee him out of the House, he would

inform

3

577

A* tjSi. ' TD E B A; T F S.»

inform him folly as to the matter in* question, arid ^gladly profit by his advice.

Mr. Hujfey said, he chose to say what he wished to say Mr. Hwjfty there, rather than elsewhere; that what he alluded to, was to Know whether any thing was done to take care of the sinking fund. Mr. HufTcy also reminded the noble lord, that he had not answtred his question about the navy.

Lord North said, he believed there was no intention ofLo tdNtrtb.

applying for more seamen this year... Ninety thousand had been voted, which were 20,000 more than had ever been voted before. The reason why no further application was intended, was, that the admiralty always employed all they could procure, and 90,000 was supposed to be the outside of what they could get.

The order of the day was then read for the House to be called over. '

Sir Joftpb Mavubcy said, when the House was thin, he sir meant to have peefifttd in his motion for the House to be called over that day; but seeing the House was tolerably full, and in order to comply with the request of several gentle -met), he should now move to discharge the former order, and renew the order for a call on the 8th instant.

On the question beingpur, the House divided; Ayes, 83;

Noes, 154. k

. The House was called over.

The next order of the day for bringing the late sheriffs of Coventry to the bar was read. A great vnwillingnefg appeared in several gentlemen to purfne the business; for not one of them was prepared with any plan or method of proceeding, and for forae time they were debating upon mere forms. ... _\s

The sheriffs were brought to the bar, and the Teturn, or rather no return, road^ to the writ for Coventry, was acknowledged by them to be theirs: the^ begged to be.heard by their counsel, and withdrew. Mr. Byng moved that their prayer might be granted.

It was argued on one hand, that some charge ought to be made against them, before they should be put upon, their

defence; and that if no one flood forward with a charge, the fheritfc ought to, be discharged, according to the maxim of law and justice, that every man muff be supposed. innocent against whom no guilt has been proved.

On the other hand it was contended, that this maxim would not apply in the present case; for as obedience wa*

37*

Mr. Ip-wick.

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1781.

fioeto the king's wpit, and at the sheriff wm tuned with the greatest extent of power to enable him to execute it; as he could call upon and compel eyrry man, front the age of sixteen to fitly to afiHl him, the non-compliance with the writ was primA facie criminal, and consequently the pre-fumptioji was against the sheriff.

Many observadans were made on this mode of proceed* ing; and as it was adopted by the House, Mr, Burke thought it was precedented only m Virgil’s heH, where the judge Rhadamanthus, Cafligatftte,auioqiu <Moss fiibigitqme /atariy beginning with pumlhmeat, then proceeding to hear the merits of the cause, and iaftiy* having recourse to the yack to extort confession. 1

Mr. Byng’s motion W2S agreed to.

The sherifis and their count! were all called in; as also the counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Yeo against the late fherUfe; and after fame ihort time (pent in arguing, the further consideration of the bufinefi was, on the motion of JWr. Adam, adjourned to the yth of February.

February a.

c Mr. Efiwich rose and said, Mr. Speaker, I rife to trouble you with one word only. The House having refolded to grinj the sum of eighty thousand pouods, few the relief of our distressed fellow-iubjefU in the island of Barhadoes, however disproportioned this grant may appear to be, when compared with the losses sustained in that inland, yet. Sir, when, as a member of this/ House, 1 confide* the heavy Amrthens under which this country labours, and, as the agent for the island of Barbadoes, refieef how much thaw country would patiently differ, rather than willingly add to the di-streffes of this, I feel it incumbent upon me. Sir, as a member of this House, to {fend up in my place, and, .as the agent for the illaod of Barbadoes, not only to declare my entire iatkfa&on with the sum that has been granted, but, through you, Mr. Speaker, humbly to request of the House, that it will be pleased, for this mark of its liberality and bounty, to accept my roost grateful acknowledgments, my best and warroeft thanks; hoping and trading too. Stir, at the feme time, that, under Providence, and by the reiterated industry •and honest labour of upwards of one hundred thousand Bill ' remaining manufacturers in that island (for so every dolonift is, Mr. Speaker, the sweat of whofcbrow k the wealth of this nation, whose every shilling ipent is that shilling ipent in Great Britain) the island of Barbadoes, by reafTuonng its

wonted

d

A* 1781* DEBATES. v 37

wonted use of colony, may, for the support ithas now receivd) render in time to come, tenfold to the riches, to the ffrength, to the power, and to the greatness of this its parent state. t beg pardon, Mr. Speaker, for this ihtrufiofl' of myielf upon you zbut the respect 1 have the House

would not fufier me, upon such an occasion, to be iilent.

The right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton being come into the House for the foil time since the first day of the present fession, the speaker immediately addressed him in the following terms:

" fir Fletcfcer Norton, n,S»*icr.

u This House, on Monday the aoth of November last, came to a refblution to thank you for your conduct in this House.

€t Your knowledge of the constitution, makes it unne-cefTary to inform you how great a mark of distin&ioo is conveyed to, an individual, by the approbation of so important and principal* part of the cofcftitution.

Your atfe&ion for the Commons of Great Britain, augmented by the services you have rendered to them, and which is the subject of the present acknowledgments; will, I am persuaded, excite in you those generous feelings, which become a person conscious of having deserved the good will and thanks'of his country.

K>I will detain you -no longer than whilst, in the name of the House, and the words or their resolution, I thank you*

$lr Fletcher Norton, late speaker of this House, for your conduit during the tine you filled the chair in the two iafb Parliaments."

' Upon which Sir Fletcher Norton flood of in his place, $\T f. and returned the House thanks for the honour they had dune him, and the speaker thanks for the particular civility with which he had complied with the commands of the

Agreeable to a request made by Mr, Fox, the clerk of the House read the copy of the chaiges exhibited again A Admiral Keppel by Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palfifer, and the sentence of the court-martial, with the copy of the charge and sentence of Sir Hugh Palliser’s court-martial, and the entry of the speccb of Sir Fletcher Norton (as speaker of the House) when he delivered the thanks of the House to Admiral Keppel, and tfte entry of the admiral’s answer, after which. Mr. Fox rose again, and began with saying, there was no Mr. gentleman less accustomed than he was, to apologize for the motions, with which he from time to time thought it his C c c 2duty

380 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

duty to trouble the Housej but on the presentodcasion as the motion, which he should make at the conclusion of his speech, •would undoubtedly point to two particular individuals, he thought* it incumbent upon him to say, before he entered into an explanation of the grounds on which he rested the propriety and justice of his motion, that he was a&iiated by no. personal motives whatever. He knew not that, man on earth against whom he harboured the least personal enmity^ and Least of all, did he feel any against those two individuals, who would be thought" by the House, and who certainly were, meant by him, as the immediate objedfs of his motiop. He had no personal enmity whatever, he di4 assure the honourable gentleman whose name. he should be obliged to mention pretty frequently in the course of what he had to say, against him, nor against his Majesty’s ministers; public enmity against him and them, he felt and avowed. Public enmity occasioned by their public conduct, detestation excited by the miseries and misfortunes which they had ea-tailed on their country. He said, he considered the honourable gentleman, the governor of Greenwich Hospital, as one great cause of those calamities under which this country was now suffering, and therefore he felt against him, all that public enmity which such a just sense of his conduct ought to inspire. He considered Sir Hugh Palliser as the man, who by giving way to his boisterous and unruly paftious, had almost ruined that service on which alone we could depend for the protection of this country in the hour of danger, and as the only probable means, if any there were, of extricating us from our present difficulties. It was on these grounds, and thele only, that he was the public enemy of the honour-' able admiral, the public enemy of those who abetted and supported him. Having said that he-was adfcuated by no motives of personal enmity, he also assured the House, he was not influenced on the present occasion by private friend-ship. Not that he disclaimed private friendship; no, God knew, he cohfulered his intimacy and connfe&ion with his honourable relation (Admiral Keppel, who fat below him) as the chief honour and happiness of his life; but his ho* nourable relation’s character, his virtue, his glory, were too firmly established to need assistance; if ever there was’a man whole character met the description of the poet exadHy;

merfus prof undo pulchrior ev, the admiral was that man!

Let those who had attempted against his life and hishonotfr bear witness to this truth ! See him attacked, charged, criminated, and sent to trial, of an accusation of tHemost feri;

; PPI

A. i*8n 'DEBATES.*.

oos nature. What is the consequence? He comes purified lrom the ordeal, his honour is clearer th^n before, his glory beams with renovated lustre! See him at Windsor ! See die attempts that are made, successfully made, tp separate him from constituents who had thought well of him before, and always, till then, been happy in their representative, and for ought he knew, had been his constituents for two, three, or four successive Parliaments! What is the consequence ? The county of Surrey, who saw with indignation the oppression pra&iled, who saw the enormous influence, of the crown of-pofedto virtue, popularity, and reputation, (that influence of the crown, of which the last Parliament had complained, and justly complained) they receive him with open arms; they knew his merit, his integrity, and his virtue; they revered his splendid character, and they invited him to become their representative. Thus oppression, as it always will do, produced its pppofite effect, and thus his honourable relation, by being driven from Windsor by the influence of the crown, is sent to Parliament the representative of one of the first counties in England. Therefore he flood too high in fame, too full of glory, to require additional support, or to make the serving him, a motive in the design of the motion he should make.

He next observed, that he was not .unaware it might be laid, how improper it was, when unanimity was, so necessary in the navy, to stir a matter .which had a little subsided, and the revival of which might renew animosities. To these opinions, he said, he fully assented; non mwcre quieta was a maxim to which he entirely subscribed. Be it upon their heads, therefore, who began to stir the old cause of discon-tfnt! Let thofeanswer for the consequences who revived the aifpute; he washed his hands of it. It was the ministers that had broached the subje<5t, those who had advised his Majesty to appoint Sir Hugh Palliser governor of Greenwich Hospital. They had brought him forward out of that obscurity which he teemed to have thought most becoming him; and they only were to atone to their country for the mischiefs that would enfufc. The advocates of the ministry might say the government of Greenwich Hospital was no great matter, and that it did not signify much. T hose who were inclined to reason in this manner, were not aware of the consequences that would follow, nor the great inconveniences, that suffering the prefedt appointment to pass uncensured by that Heule would occasion He did not like to make invidious ajlofions; but they had already an instance of the extreme difficulty of arguing against the bellowing of additional honours

le

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

rtottrs upon that man fiord G. Germain/ who hiring tw» once degraded and declared unworthy of (erring again, had been fu tiered to be invefied with confidence ana honour^ How did any man know that (he government of Greenwich Hospital was the only situation into which Sir Hugh Palitier woutd be brought ? How did the House know that it wa* not the intention of ministers to give Sir Hugh Palhfer thr cmk martd of one of our fleets? and then if the appointment was attempted to be animadverted upon, would not ministers b& furnished with this strong answer to all objection ? " Yea did not complain of the appointment of tfus gentleman ft* the government of Greenwich Hospital, it was at that time you /hould have objected, to objedfc now is to pefrfecute.* It Was for this reason, Mr- Fox feid, that he thought k n&eflary at that moment to take the sense of the House on the first pore of honour and profit given to Sir Hugh Fillifer.

He said the principal purpose or object of his motion wan the appointment of Sir Hugh Patifer to tlpe governrmerit ft Greenwich Hospital, which he considered as an mfult on (he* honour of the navy, because what man who felt as a gentle* shan, could be happy in the service, or could serve his corns* try with that zeal and spirit, from which alone the navy of England bad gained its great reputation, when a pod of nigh honour and profit, which had hitherto Sway's been bestowa] on those officers whefe fame was unsullied, arid who had df-served heft of their country, was given to a man conviSecf of having preferred a'malicious and ill-foundedaccusation againffc his commanding officer ? The appointment of Sir Hughrafli-fer to the government Of Greenwich Hospital, udder all the circumstances of it, was a meafuve of so much criminality, and at the same time was so glaringly iniquitous, that fit knew not scarcely how to argue ir, to give it a ftrdnger infc. pression on the minds of the House, than it mud necessarily navo of itself. It resembled one of those self-evident propofii* tions, which bear the name of axioms in mathematicks, on which nothing can be said to make them clearer than they arc of themselves. The only mode of reasoning, therefore, that he could adopt, was to suppose cbjeftions, and then to oppose those objections with arguments- The hid time the House der bated upon the subjr£t, the vice admiral had read to the House a long speech, previotifly prepared for the occasion, the main purport of which had been, as far as he was able to under* tiand such parts of it as be had heard, to arraign and call in quefiion the whole conduct of the court-martial that tried

Admiral

A* D DEBATES.

Admiral Keppelr and in particular to impeach the sentence, and charge the court with violent injustice, in having declared the vice admiral toj^ave preferred a malicious and ill-founded a ecu fation, the motives of the vice-admiral not having boen submitted to their confide rat ion. He had since enquired into the triage of courts-martial, and he found it was their general practice, when they acquitted the person accus-«d, to declare their opinion of the nature of the ac<ftfation. Me would therefore first suppose, affimflar objection to be of-posed to him now, and that it would be contended, that Admiral peppers court-martial had passed an extrajudiQi&l centre on Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser, in declaring, that his accusation was malicious and ill-founded. In answer to this, he ihoukft assert, that they had an undoubted right to give their opinion upon the motives of the accusation, both from the nature of their jurisdiction, and the-general usage o€ courts-martial They had the best opportunity of learning those motives, because all the tfa&a being before them, (the accusation specified formally, and all the evidence called in Support of it, that the accuser thought proper to adduce ;)> they were perfectly competent to fey, what the motives of Jibe accuser were, and when, like Sir Hugh Palliser, hefcan-dalouily failed in his proof, and there came, even from hi* own witnesses, the fullest refutation of his charges, courts-rturtial were bound in justice to the honour of the officer accu-fed, not only to acquit him, but to pronounce upon the motives of the accuser. This.he asserted was no new doctrine; it Was jollified by long practice. He had brought with him two or three precedents, which would suffice to support what lie feid; innumerable precedents, it was well known, were to be found. The hrft case he should mention* was that of Capt* Cotton, in the year 1766; in the sentence of whose court- martial, the accusation was declared to be groundless, and malicious. Again, in the case of Capt. Lee, (the sentence of whose court-martial he read,) the Court had, in severe terms, reprobated the accuser, and his accusation. The third precedent he had brought, was that of a land court-martial, upon an officer a member of that House [General Monck-ton] whom be did not fee then in his place, but of whom he fhoirid never speak without that respect which was due to a brave roan he was tried by a court-martial, which

fetal the HoFfe Guards in 1764, and which had declared, iu their sentence of acquittal, " that the charges preferred by Ciptain Colin Campbell, against General Monckton, were

faife

3*4

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

false and infamous; that it appeared to them’, that the accu-fer had been actuated by the wbrft motives,* and that they had reason to believe the accuser had imposed upon the commander in chief, by a falsehood, to induce him to order the court-martial." From these precedents, Mr. Fox with great strength of argument affirmed, that the custom of a court-martial pronouncing upon the accuser’s motives was common, and therefore the argument, that it was extrajudicial in Sir Hugh Pailifer’s case, was frivolous and absurd. Besides, what .was it but arraigning the honour and the justice of the officers who composed Admiral KeppePs court-martial, to question any part of their conduit ? To prefer one individual before another was common, becaufeone man might .excel smother; but to prefer one let of men before another wafcilliberal, because in all large descriptions of men there naturally mulit be men of integrity and virtue. If however any profession was particularly better enabled to judge of points of honour than others, it was surely the military profession; and if he could ever be brought to say, one branch of a profession deserved .more credit as men of sincerity than another, he Ihoiild say, it was the naval branch, and for this plain reason; the military generally redding in great cities, and populous towns, imbibed all the manners of the times, and as adivihoa of the army was always attendant on a court, and made a part of the -parade and pageantry of princes, they naturally were accus-.tomed to a more courtly stile of talking than other men,

• whereas naval officers, living chiefly on the boiflerous clement,

• far from courts and princes, were remarkable for a rougbneis of manners and a blunt integrity of speech, calling every

thing they mentioned by a plain word, and describingthcir ,thoughts cxaftly as they were. When, therefore, a court-martial, composed of naval officers of thehrft char alter and of acknowledged honour, called an accusation malicious and ill-founded, which accusation they had fully investigated, he should, were there no other reasons to induce him to think it were so, be strongly inclined to believe that the accusation was malicious and ill-founded; but he did not doubt he .should be able to prove, to the satisfaction of the^House, that there were other reasons; that the House, during the late Parliament, had been of opinion, that the accusation against Admiral Keppel had been malicious and ill-founded : and even that Sir Hugh Pailifer himself acquiesced under the lenience, and tacitly admitted his criminality.

3*5

A. 1781. ' DEBATES.

Let gentlemen consider the time and the manner in which the accusation was preferred by the' vice admiral against his honourable rdation. Was it as soon as he came alhore after the 27th of July ? No. The House knew it was* not* When then ? Why at a considerably distant period; and what were the circumstances ?'The vice admiral goes out a second voyage with Admiral Keppel. He fays not a word of his having any charge to make, but keeps his accusation in his own breast, and he tells us now* that he did not then make the charge, from motives of regard to his country* What, will he pretend that a feeling for the national welfare suffered him to fail a second time under the command of an officer, guilty in his mind of those five charges which he afterwards preferred against him ? Was it a desire to promote the public good that induced him to suffer a man so criminal tp keep the command ? Ought he not rather, if he had any such feelings, to have made the charge the moment he set his foot on shore, and to have dragged that traitor, that coward. Admiral Keppel, to immediate trial, and not have fuifered him to enjoy a second opportunity of disgracing the Britishi flag by his ignorance, his negligence, his cowardice, and his treachery ! ft was not therefore from a regard to the good of the service, or the good of his country, that the accusation was so long concealed, or that it was ever made. The falb was, the vice admiral never dreamt of making any charge till he thought recrimination necessary. When he heard that murmurs were stirring, and that his own conduit was quefc tioned, then it was that he thought of charging his com* manning officer as a criminal. Let the House remember the compromise that he offered to Admiral Keppel: a compro* mile which his honourable relation disdained to accept I. What was Sir Hugh Palliser’s letter to Admiral Keppel bat a threatening letter ? A letter of extortion ? Did not this application efficiently prove, that the vice admiral was neither actuated by motives of zeal for the good of the service, nor zeal for the good of his country ? What was it short of the practice of a man who committed a highway robbery an attempt, not to obtain money indeed, but to obtain a certificate of character, through the impulse of fear ? Here finely* therefore was ground fumcient to pronounce, that the moy ' tives of the accuser were not honourable; and when it was considered that the charge was preferred on avowed principles of recrimination, every man most fee that it originated in malice. But not only the court-martial, who pronounced. Vol. XVIII. D d d it

PARLIAMENTARY itfu

it a malicious and false accusation, thought it so, that House thought it so likewise, for they had voted their thanks, with one distenting voice only, to Admiral Keppel; and what was the language of the speaker when he gave those thanks ? Add to this, what had been the condudf of the vice admiral himself ? Had he come down there immediately after the trial was over, and complained of the conduit of the court martial ■? No. He had afteda very different pan. He had religned his lieutenant generalship of marines, he had resigned his government of Scarborough castle, he had resignfed his feat at die admiralty-board, and he had taken in exchange for them, what The valuable office of steward of the Chiltern hundred ! What was this but an acquiescence in the justness of the sentence, a tacit acknowledgement of the truth of the opinion pronounced upon the accusation, and a desire to retire from public notice, arising from a confcibufness of criminality! Again, when he had made a motion to address his Majesty to take away Sir Hugh Palliser’s flag, a motion which he had afterwards been induced to withdraw from its being suggested, by his worthy friend General Conway (now absent on account of .illness) that it-looked like periecucion, and that it would be fending the vice admiral down to his trial, under prejudices,—what had at that time been the language of -the House ? What had a learned gentleman laid, who, he was glad to fee was that day in his place ? Had not that gentleman declared, he would move to impeach the miuifter who should venture to employ Sir Hugh Pallilcr again ? And had* not another learned gentleman, now lord chief justice of the common pleas, preflfed that the vice admiral’* flag might remain with him till his death, that it might flyover his grave, fihce it never could again be hoisted at the Mast-head of any of his Majesty’s ships ? It was evident, therefore, that the crown lawyers at that time did not think the declaring the accusation to be a malicious and ill founded accusation, was an cxtfajudicial opinion. With regard to the right of reply upon his trial, which the vice admiral claimed, he shouldonly say that the right of reply was not essential justice, that even in criminal courts it was thought so invidious, that it was rarely* claimed, and that in land courts martial it was never allowed.

He added, that it Was altogether unwarrantable for the vice admiral or for that House to question the conduct cf Ad- > miral KeppeJ’s court-martial, unless they set on foot a proper and impartial enquiry, and after absolving the members of.

, c the

A. 178'v. DEBATES ’

the court*inartial frond their oMhs of secrecy, and examined them it the bar, as to their sense of the accusation. Has any thing; happened, he asked, since the fenttnce declaring that Sir Hugh Palliser had f>referfed a malicious and ilS founded accusations was pronounced, to after that general and well-founded opinion I The only event that had the least relation to it was the second trial, but had that removed the iligma ? By no means. It did not even honourably nor unanimoudy acquit Sir Hugh Palliser, but on the contrary, charged him in so many express words with a poiitive neglect of duty ? And here, he said, it would not be amifsto examiner a little into the management of that court-martial. At the fame titne that be Paid this, he begged leave to be ubderstood as meaning to speak, not to its conduct, but to its constitu* tion. A distin&ion worth attending to : for whoever spoke td‘ its conduct, arraigned and questioned the proceedings of the court, and cohfequently arraigned.and questioned the justice and the honour of the officers; whereas they who spoke, as he meant to speak, to its constitution, merely examined the proceedings of those persons under whose influence and ma* nagement the appointment of the court was settled. He was far from impeaching the sentence of that court-martial, though he could not help thinking there was strong ground for suspicion as to the manner in which the court was instituted. Mr. Fox then read over the names of the officers who fat upj on’Sir Hugh Painter's court-martial, and shewed that Captain Duncan was by accident a member of it, that a nephew of Sir Hugh Palliser (who might have had leave of absence) fat upon it, and that three of the other members were officers of the blue squadron, and if there had been guilt fotind, would have been implicated in that guilt. Upon the whole, there was, as he had observed, great ground for suspicioii of man* ceuvering and trick in the constitution of the court. The vice admiral's conduct also was liable to doubt; for in what manner had he settled his evidence and the withefies, whose names he had given in ? He had not, like Admiral Keppe],' desired that every officer in the fleet might be called, but had a/ked for particular persons, and for Captain Keith Stuart and another gentleman, whom he had never examined. These gentlemen, it was true;, were examined by the judge advocate oh the part of the crown, but they were not called by the vice admiral. Was it not therefore warrantable to suppose,. that they were merely set down as withefies to prevent their being judges ? Admiral Kcppel’s conduit was the Ddd 2 dire#

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1781,

direCfc opposite. Fearl«*fs of danger, because coirfcious of innocence, he had acted in the most open, arriefs, and unre« fervedmanner; nay he had even himself pat a qtieiHon to each of his witnesses, that none of his counfe], nor any 00c of his friends, would have ventured to have proposed for him to alk. The question he alluded to was the general question which he put to every witness, not. what particular, species of jieglect and misconduct they observed in him on the 37th of July, but whether or no they saw any instance of nogligence or misconduct in his behaviour the whole.day? And yet notwithstanding the different cogduct of the two admirals, and the different conffitution of the courts that tried them, what had been the sentence* ? By the one. Admiral Keppel had been honourably and unanimousfy acquitted, and his accuser pronounced a false and malicious accuser; by the ttther. Sir Hugh Palliser was said to have behaved in an exemplary. and meritorious manner in many instances, which direCUy implied that his conduct had been the reverie in some inffances : he was then condemned as having been guilty of Criminal neglect, in omitting to let the Admiral know by the Fox frigate, the condition of the Formidable, and after that he Was acquitted. So that the sentence of acquittal had neither the word ‘f honourable," nor the word unani-€* moui" in it, and even, while it acquitted, fixed a charge of criminality.

The second sentence, he said, confirmed the first; for whq should be the man to prefer a malicious and ill-founded ac-cufation against his commander, hut an inferior officer, who had himself been guilty of a neglect of duty ? From such a quarter only was it likely that such an accusation should arise. He who is confeious of guilt cannot bear the innocence of others; he tries to reduce other characters to his own level; and the history of mankind teaches us, that the bigheff, the most virtuous, the most glorious of men, are the most envied, the most hated, and the most liable to calumny, detraction, and-malevolence. Hence the accusation against Admiral Keppel, and hence the record of the vice admirals malice! But even if the sentence of the second pourt-martial had been as warm, as honourable, and as unanimous as that which acquitted Adtqiral Keppel, if it had placed the conduct of the vice admiral on the 27th of July in the most exalted point of view, still it would not have done away the.declaration that he had preferred a malicious and ill-founded accusation against his commanding officer;

A* DEBATES.

•nd though it might have excited his pity, to be forced to know that true greatnef; of mind did not always accompany distinguished valour, and that a brave and gallant admiral should-have given way to his passions, and have descended to the meanness of preferring a malicious and ill-founded ac-cnfation against his commander, it would not have judihed ministers in bestowing an odice of high rank, an office of / distinguished rank, an office looked up to by the navy as the hope and prospect of honed ambition, on a man Who dqod recorded as a false and malicious accuser.

From the appointment of this man to the government of Greenwich-Hospital, he said, every thing dangerous to the public intered was to be apprehended. The officers of the navy in general would be disgusted, because they would ice that honour and btavery combined were not the merits that were now thought worthy of reward, but that malice and infamy Were ftfong claims With the present ministers. Discipline and subordination would cease, and thfe^spirit of the navy would be broken; thus would the great and dnly solid strength of this country be annihilated. Every inferior officer, conscious of his own ggilt, would threaten his commander with a court-martial,' and seeing that disobediened of orders was countenanced and rewarded, would neglect his duty, from the idea that he was sure of prote&ion. What »was it that had driven so many great and distinguished commanders from the service, but that they now found they could not serve with security to their honour. Why was not Admiral Barrington employed ? Admiral Barrington, confef-edly a good orficer, and a zealous lover of his country! Admiral Barrington, it was said, was willing to go out le-fcond inreoramand, but would not accept of a chief command. Admiral Barrington had as much honest ambition as other officers, and he presumed Admiral Barrington was as tliirfty of honour 5 why then did Admiral Barrington decline accepting a chief command ? To what could it be imputed, but to his seeing that a commander in chief had fpiesTet upon him, that he was not safe, that it lay in the power of his inferior officer to attack his honour, to attack his life, and to bring a malicious and ill-founded accusation against him; and if it succeeded, his ruin was certain, at any rate his accuser would be protected and rewarded. How happened it, that one officer commanded the fleet the beginning of the last campaign, and as soon aS he could know what he was jibout, resigned the command, and another was appointed?

These

y

L»

390

PARLIAMENTARY A. i?8 I.

Thde were all matters that it Was fair to foppose had their origin in the milchicvous system of the present first lord of the admiralty. He concluded with saying, that no man ought to be promoted, who had rendered himself unworthy of a rank in a profession so honourable as that of the British navy; and by enumerating the several heads of his speech* in order to remind the House of the grounds on which he relied his intended motion; these were, that it proceeded not from personal enmity; that the court-martial, who tried Admiral Keppel, were perfectly competent to declare that Sir Hugh Palliser had preferred a malicious and ill-founded accusation; that the declaration was warranted by a variety of undeniable facts and circumstances; that Sir Hugh Pal- ' lifer had himself acquiesced in the justice of the fentepcc; that the House had acknowledged its truth; that the lenteoce of the second court-martial was neither an honourable nor an unanimous acquittal; and lastly, that the promotion of a person, declared to have preferred a malicious and ill-found-cd accusation against his commander in chief, was a measure-subversive of the discipline, and derogatory to the honour of the British navy.

He then called upon the young members for their support, declaring that he made the appeal from a conviction that the highest lense of honour always glowed in youthful bosoms, and that they were most likely to act according to the dic- tates of their own hearts, without servilely embracing the opinions of other men. He read his motion, which was that the appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser to be governor of Greenwich-Hospital, after he had been declared guilty of having preferred a malicious and ill-founded accusation against his commanding officer, by the sentence of a court-martial, was a measure totally subversive of the discipline, and derogatory to the honour of the navy." f^ord Ncrtk. Lord North rose, and declared that he should not attempt to follow the honourable gentleman over the vast field of matter which he had introduced, supportingwith a great deal of eloquence, as he always did, and he mud give him leave to say, with a great deal of art, the motion which had just been read. A motion which carried upon the face of it, and must convey to all who saw or heard it, an idea that Sir Hugh Palliser wa9 declared to have preferred a malicious and ill-founded accusation against his commander in chief, by a court-martial before whom he had been tried on a charge of malice and fatfhood, and who were thence petfe&ly competent

39*

A: 1781. DEBATES.

tent and able to pass such a sentence upon him. He thought it fair,'therefore, even in that early part of his speech, to inform the honourable gentleman, that before he iat down, he should certainly move tct amend the question, by introducing- words tending to shew, that the court-martial Which declared the accusation preferred against Admiral Kcp-pel, malicious and ill-founded, were not appointed to try the accuser, nor had they heard him in his own defence, if it were necessary to make any motion dating the merits of the argument, certainly the whole truth ought to be told in that motion; whereas, as the motion made by the honourable gentleman flood; only one part of the truth was told, and that in such a manner, as to prejudice the vice admiral in the minds of ail who heard of the motion. His lordship begged the House to observe, that the motion before them was not a motion tending either to criipinate or acquit Sir Hugh Palliser, but a leading motion to condemn and convict ministers of having advised his Majesty to bestow the go- vernment of Greenwich-Hospital on an unworthy object. The House therefore were to act in a judicial capacity, and to try him and the rest of the King’s servants upon the point stated in the motion; for if blame were due, he was free to admit, that a part of it belonged to him in common with other ministers; he trusted however he should be able to make it appear, that the motion was false in fast, that it vras unjiift, and that no blame was due, for that ministers had done no more than their duty. With regard to the honourable gentleman’s argument, upon the competency of the court-martial to pronounce upon the accuser’s motives, he did allure the honourable gentleman and the House, that he had not the smallest intention to arraign the court-martial,; or to question their conduct; but this he mull say, their opinion that the accusation was malicious and ill-founded, was undoubtedly an extrajudicial opinion. The honourable gentleman, foreseeing that the objection would be madfe on that ground, had, with a wonderful deal of ingenuity, endeavoured to prove, that the opinion was not extrajudicial, but the mode in which he had argued it, was obviously an attempt to confound and milleaa the House, rather than a fair endeavour by candid reasoning to impref* conviction on the minds of all who heard him. The honourable gentleman had taken a great deal of pains to main- ' tain that the court-martial ought to have done this, and had a right to have done- that: the question was not what the court

I

PARLIAMENTARY ijtn

court ought to have done, but what it did.. The court* martial certainly had pronounced the accusation malicious and ill'founded, although the accuser had never bejtn beard as to his motive. The honourably gentleman had &id, that the righr of reply was not essential to justice* and rarely claimed by an accuser. The honourable gentleman, from the trouble he had given himself to make himself master of the subject, could not but know, that in naval cotfm martial, it was no unusual thing to claim it, ho tthnfhal. thing to exerdfe it. In the trials of Admiral Knowles, and of the captains who accused him, it wns claimed and exercised on all the trials. Abundant and recent instances could, also be adduced to prove that the right of reply was not so rarely claimed as the honourable gentleman was plea(ed to say it was in the'courts of criminal Taw. But the honourable gentleman feeling that his argument was not fafficiefctly strengtbened by the precedents which he produced, and nobody ever denied that there were not precedents to be found, had recourse to another method of gaining his point, and had endeavoured to demonstrate the malice of the motives of the accusation, by referring to the antecedent conduct of Sir Hugh Palliser, as well as to his conduct after the trial. The word recrimination is the great instrument of proof which the honourable gentleman applies, in hopes to fix an ijnpreflion on the minds of the House, that the accuser was Simulated by malice. Will the honourable gentleman be, pleased to recollett that recrimination may be innocent; it may arise from a good motive as well as from a bad oge*. The man who tells another who first charges him with a crime, <c If you do not withdraw your charge, I will charge you with'another crime," such a man undoubtedly is a criminal recriminator, and his motive is a base one. But that is not pretended to be the complexion of the present case. The vice admiral finds himself censured, and that by the officers of the commander in chief. Censure from such a quarter, is no light matter; every man of honour must fed it to the quick, must be anxious to get it explained; an officer who has not this feeling, can neither be a brave nor a good man. The vice admiral instantly applies to the commander in chief to do him justice, and he fails in his application; feeling as every man of spirit must feel on such an occasion, and anxious to dq away the calumny that is in circulation, and tends to point him out as the cause of a ctr-cumftance* not very agreeable to the people.of Great Britain,

via.

3$3

A. iySi. DEBATES.

yiz/the fad, that a fleet of France had escaped from a British squadron of equal force, he appeals to the public, and lay*.thp blame where he thinks it ought to lie. This is the Fad; but where the malice lies is not so easily to be disco-yered. The line of conduit was natural; any man, with |he belt* intentions, might have done the fame* Had the yiipe ,admiral reded patiently under the dander, dander not £q light as common newspaper abuse, but coming from feme-tiling like authority, his chridian forbearance might have excited praise, but his sense of honour would not have been deemed over-proof. What were the charges ? Were they. falsefa&s? Certainly they were not; for the honourable admiral ,who was tried upon them, did not deny but justified them. Then it being admitted that the charges were true in fall, it follows, surely, that the motives might be bad Information, ocular deception, or error in judgment. But what a^cufation had Admiral Keppel preferred ? He has re* peatedly told this House he never preferred, he never would prefer any; where then was the recrimination ? Either it mud be admitted that the commander in chief accused first, or it can never be said that the vice admiral recriminated.

The honourable gentleman had argued, that the House had ilfelf adopted the sentenceof the court-martial in all its parts, and that the vice admiral, by his resignation of his offices and employments, had acquielced under it, and tacitly admitted its jiidice. These were very extraordinary arguments to use ! What! because the House at a time when a kind of phrenzy and madness prevailed, passed a vote of thanks to Admiral. Keppel, in which vote, he and others, merely on account of the temper of the times, silently acquiesced, did it follow that they adopted the whole of the sentence of the court-martial ?— By no means. He thought then, and he thought now, that the declaring the accusation malicious and ill-founded, without having tried the accuser upon any such charge was an extra-judicial opinion. It certainly was an extra-judicial opinion, and ib it mull remain. As to the language of the speaker, it was natural for the gentleman who filled the chair at the time to use the language of the schtence as nearly as he could; but then the honourable gentleman fays, u the House ordered the l'peech and the honourable admiral’s reply to be printed it was a motion of course, and the fame reasons which prevailed for gentlemen not to resist the fi^ft motion, prevailed again in that instance. But the honourable gentleman has said, that Sir Hugh Palliser’t Vox,. XYI1E Ee e # refig-

s

PARLIAMENTARY A* 178*.

refonation of his places and employments was -a tacit ad-million of his criminality. Does thchonounfble gentleman mean to say, that no man resigns but from a confciawfiids of criminality ? Surely he will not be the first to lay down that doctrine! He knows that refigmrtions proceed from different causes. The cause of a rengohtion may be good, it, may be bad, or it may be indifferent. If the honourable gentleman’s position, that reffgnation proceeds from a con-lcioufhefs of guilt, were camed to its fJn length, every maj^ Who like the honourable gentleman, refigtis a good employment, might be said to actpiiefce in a charge-of hiaown guilt, ana thereby furnish evidence against himself*

J%uam tenure nofmetlegem fancimus Inlquawu '*

Some men resign their places for me fake of the puhBc’^mj ibme resign from arithmetical calculations, that it may tie wiser to give up a place of ftaafl vahie now, in order to jjet a better at another time; others again from motives of political sagacity. They discover a storm approaching, and fhiflff it gathering in the sky ;M they fee an adrainiffration, as* they think, tottering, and theyleave them in the.hopes of coming into high office, by joining an oppbfite party• All thde, the gentleman well knows, are motives of rriignation; why then muff it follow that the vice admiral was compelled, either by a bad or an indifferent motive, to rdfign ? For tits part he believed the vice admiral rdsigned from a very good motive; in order to restore the pubhcpeace; inoracr that the (form, the phrenzy, the madness of the times, mi^kt subside! Had the honourable gentleman forgot the temper of the times, when the trial of Admiral Keppel was over ? Had it totally llipped his memory, that the town was in a tumult for three nights together, illuminated by command of a mofau and nothing but dtfbrder to be seen in every Quarter } 'Had the honourable gentleman forgot that he and his friends were obliged to go out early in a cold raw February morning, to endeavour to quell the tumult, and.disperse the mob ? These circurastances considered, it surely was a laudable part in the vice admiral, to retire, till men came to their senses again, and till reason took pleaceof phrenzy and popular madness, Pbflibly the honourable gentleman thought those happy tftae^ and that none but those who were codfcions of criminality, would shrink from them. \

The honourable gentleman had framed his motion,i^iejjy by the schtence of one court-martial, and had oot taken thp lead notice in it of the'&ntence of flic other. In thccoira

die second court-martial, and had endeavoured to shew, that it was settled by manoeuvre and trick; all the honourable gen-, deman had said on that head, like what he had thrown out.' on. many other points, was merely with a view to confound and niiuead ent of the House, because

the constitut' :ouit-martial, which tried \ ice Admiral

Sir Hugh Palliser, was not then thesubjed under confederation, nor had it any relation to the motion then before the House. Whenever the honourable gentleman wasdisposed to go into the confide ration of thatquestion, he would meet him fairly upon it, and go through it Fully; in the mean time he should only observe that the honourable gentleman had expressly laid, he had not the lead fault to find with the conduct of the court-martial, and although he bad declared that Captain Duncan became.a member of that court-martial merely by accident, he bad hot attempted to prove that Captain Walters, (Sir Hugh Palliler^ nephew,) was not a member of it also, by an accident. The fa It was, a member was taken ill, ana therefore Captain Walters was called upon it; putting the one against the other therefore, that part of the argument Was settled. With regard to the sentence of the second court-martial, the honourable gentleman has endeavoured to prove, because the express words, " honourable and unanimous," are not in it, the acquittal was neither honourable* nor unanimous. This is rather draining the argument, for it is impossible to know how far the acquittal was unanimous, but certainly it was honourable, because it expressly dated that the vice admiral’s conduit was in many indances highly exemplary and meritorious. Surely a sentence recording a matter so drongly, which is in itself a matter of great honour,' is an honourable acquittal, and indeed every acquittal from a charge which implies guilt is honourable; but mod especially when in opposition to the charge, it dates that the conduit of the party tried was highly exemplary and meritorious ilk many indances. His lordship said, what further rendered* it an honourable acquittal was, that the vice admiral went down to his trial when a loud and almod an universal clamour prevailed against him; when every means were taken both within doors and without to prejudice him; when gentlemen in that House did all they could to prevent his being tried, and even urged the not fending him to trial on the popular score of humanity. But what bad been the vice admiral's conduit ?—he insisted oo a trial; he knew that ruin honour mud be the issue, he dood the danger, And his character is re-established! A speech had been read from the votes,

Eee 2

wherein

PARLIAMENTARY A, 17S1.

wherein it wassaid " the generous mind coaid not reap higher satisfaction than when to the hour of arduous trial the hour of honourable acquittal succeeds." This senti merit should surely be adopted, and universally felt, when a brave man had been acquitted, who had been oppreded and persecuted, but had nobly redded, and having flaked all for his ch^ra&cr, had come off victorious. He repeated it, that the piefent question was not whether Admiral Keppel or Sir Hugh Paltrier was mod honourably acquitted, but whether m millers ought or ought not to have recommended Sir Hugh Palliser to his Majfedy as 'a fit obje£l of reward, and he contended that miniflets would have been highly criminal, considering a long life of services, considering his acknowledged ikill and’ bravery as an officer, and considering his honourable acquittal, for such he cpntended his acquittal was, had they not done it. He took notice that Mr. Fox had attempted to ^hrow out infixiuations <hat administration persecuted Admiral Keppel at Windfbr; the honourable gentleman well knew, he said, that the fa& was not so ;he had call the imputation merely to inflame the passions of his hearers, but even if it could nfe seriously maintained, was it not equally true that oppdfition used every means in their power to perfccute the friends of government, tp prevent their elections and to harrass them, where they could not prevent them r His lordship having paid a compliment to the military and naval members, saying he had not the least fear but that they would, as the honourable gentleman had called upon them to do, pay attention to the debate, and do an adof justice by rclcuing an injured and gallant officer from the violent rage of unprecedented perfection, concluded with recapitulating the chief points of his arguments, declaring, that the part of the sentence of Admiral Keppel’s court-martial, which pronounced the accusa-tkm malicious and ill-founded, was an extrajudicial opinion; that Vice Admiral Palliser had never been tried on any such charge; that he had been mod honourably acquitted Dy the pourt-martial which afterwards. tried him, and that he had served his king and country with undoubted bravery and .Honour for five and forty years.

His lordship then, with the solicitor general*® assistance, made several amendments to the motion, which made it run thus:

" That the appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser to' the government of Greenwich Hospital, who by the officers who fat on the court-martial held for the trial of Admiral Keppel, and before whom Sir Hugh Palliser>was not charged with

any

A.t*8i. DEBATES. gft

act, malice'in the accusation of the said admiral or heard in his defence, is declared to have preferred an ill-founded accusation against his commander in chief, and whose conduct on the 27th of July, 1778, by a subsequent court-martial, was 9 after a full examination, declared to he in many respects highly exemplary and meritorious, and who has, during the course of forty^nve years, served the crown both in his civil and military capacity, with great ability, bravery, and fidelity; was a measure totally subversive of the discipline, and derogatory to the honourof the navy."

His lordship, before he fat down, declared, he would con- lent to omit me amendment wholly, if Mr. Fox would agree to take out those words from the motion, " who by the sentence of a court-martial, is declared to have preferred a malicious and 'ill-founded accusation against his commander in chief," and would let the motion go^to a division in general^ term*, thus: " That the appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser to the government of ’Gieenwich Hospital, is a measure fub-yerfive of the discipline, and derogatory to the honour of the British navy."

JVlr. Fox laid he would not agree.

Lord Howe said; before he spoke to a question affecting Lord m. ministers, who from his observation of their conduct, appeared tp have neither plan, foresight, nor consistency, he should beg leave to trouble the House with a few words [respecting himself. Administration had lately done him the honour to convince him, that they did not consider him as yet written down. A person, who had assumed the character of Cicero,. in a series of letters, which had made their appearance during the recess of Parliament, had thought proper to charge him with being an enemy to his country, and with having been engaged in treasonable intrigpes with Dr. Franklin; but this fuStile spirit, which avowed a perfect knowledge of the whole transaction, had been pleased to add, " that its compaction from the nature of its existence would ever prevail on it to prefer mercy to justice, and that it was led to this by some late marks of penitence shewn by this deluded and unfortunate noblemap (meaning him) therefore the subtile spirit would forbear to mention the intrigues concerted under the diiguife, of a game at chefs." Now thpugh Cicero had forborne to state the nature of his treason, somebody else might, and therefore his lordship said, he thought it wileft to tell it himself. Whoever the writer was, he was perfectly right as to the fad, but wrong as to the period of time when he chose to fix it. The.

matter

$9*, P AfcLl AMEKTA1Y A.tj9x.

matter did occur, and the game of chefs was plhyed, when Ue

had a cohverfation relative to America with Dr. franklin* but it was not at the time that Cicero had said it was. At that period he had accepted of his Majesty’s commission, empowering him to act for his country in the bell manner his judgment should dire#, in order to settle the differences with America; whereas the fa& occarred a year before; if it was treason, however, it was right the public should know all the traitors, and therefore having dated his own guilt, be thought it incqpibent on him to say tfho participated in it; # his fellow traitor was no other than the noble lord in the blue ribbon, who was acquainted with the whole tnutfaction at the time, by Dr. Franldin’s consent. The House, therefore, from what he had said, would fee, that let Cicero be paid what he might for his pains, he had at lead the merit of being active for the money he received.

His lordship now spoke to the quedion. When the honourable gentleman, he said, who had made the motion, open-ed the nature of it, he felt himself exceedingly embamrifed, oca account of its appearing to him a personal motion, and thought he should not, for that reason, have been able to speak nis sentiments upon it, but the noble lord in the blue ribbon had removed the difficulty, and relieved him from his doubts by saying in express terms, 44 that it was not a motion relative to Sir Hugh Palllfer, but a motion solely affecting romiders.*

The argument advanced by the noble lord, that the court-martial which had tried Admiral Keppd, in taking upon them to declare that the accusation was malicious and ill-founded, had pronounced an extrajudicial opinion, opened to his mind a doctrine of very great importance. For the benefit of the service, therefore, it was highly necessary that the point should be settled and determined immediately, whether courts martial had a right, in passing sentence upon a person tried, to give their opinion of the accusation, and the motives of the accuser? The'quedion concerned every officer in the service, and therefore the sooner it was settled the better. The practice had obtained, and there seemed to him to be a reasonable ground for it. An Officer might be accused with charges of a tcandaTous nature. Charges, equally affecting his honour and his life; if courts marriah have not a right to declare what the motives of the accuser appear to them to be, where is an officer, who is acquitted, to seek for redress? The faHe aecnfer remains undigmatized and unpunished. He did not mean to decide upon the matter, but the House he traded ‘ would

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

would agree that it was a point material to be settled forthwith. Another confederation struck him, upon a view of the whole case, and that was, how far an inferior officer oughf to be countenanced in preferring an accusation again# his commanded in chief? Surely every naan must fee that the command of a large fleet was a very important trust, and matter that was to be governed, not by ordinary rules offer*, vice, but by jtbe experience and judgment of the officer who held it. If commanders, therefore, were to be charged criminally, because they did not act up to this or that Subordinate officer's opinion, no man who had a regard for his cha^ raster, would accept of such a trufl. He mu ft take the liberty of saying, that there scarcely ever was an officer who had held such a command, that had not been guilty of mistakes; nay he would»add further, that a commander in chief was the better officer for his errors, provided those errors were not of a fatal nature. Trifling errors in judgment, therefore, ought not to be charged as crimes on the suggestion of inferior officers; if such a pradkice were allowed and countenanced, who woiild take a command ? And if that doctrine was to prevail, what would be the consequence ? Every commander in chief, instead of having his mind intent on the great objedks ‘ of his trust, die conduct of his fleet, the preparation for action, and the proper directions arising from incidental events, roust spend a great part of his time in soothing the officers( under him, in making them his creatures, and in enticeing them to flo what he thought their duty. The House mult fee. that if this were the case, there would be an end of aH dticipline, and she authority of a commander in chief would' be’loft entirely;

The noble lord in the hlue ribbon, his lordship said, had taken great pains to prove that the sentence of the second court-martial, (that which tried Sir Hugh Palliser,) was an honourable acquittal. He had himself read that trial through, very attentively, but he could not comprehend nor understand the sentence. It statod first, that the vice admiral's conduct, in many instances, had been highly meritorious and exemplary; it then charged him with an ©mission of duty, and next acquitted him. What puzxled him wat'how to.find out of what the vice admiral was acquitted ? Ia the charges os they were called, upon which he had been tried, there up* peared, to him at least, to be no occupation. The viceadmi*. ral, therefore, strictly speaking, could neither be convicted mot acquitted.

His.

4oo

PARLIAMENTARY a. 1781.

His lordship laid, he would seize that opportunity of saying a word upon a topic that had been discussed in that House before the holidays. In the course of a debate, it had been declared, that certain officers would be mad if they served under the present administration; and it had been retorted, that the present ministers would be fit for Bedlam if they employed those officers who entertained such an opinion. He Would not adopt the fame idea, but if he might be allowed fb coarse a phrase, he should think the king’s servants would be fools, if they gave command to any but officers in whom they could place an entire confidence. Confidence was equally necessary on both fides. Officers could never aft with safety to their honours, and with zeal for their country, without it; and on the other hand, ministers ought not to have their attention to important objects at home diverted by being obliged to watch the conduct of their officers, and regard their proceedings with a narrow-minded jealously and suspicion.

Mr. Jftffcr. Mr. Miller said, the part of the kingdom he came from, [Scotland] regarded Sir Hugh Palliser in a very different light from that in which the honourable gentleman had chosen to describe him. That the mod confederate and candid of his oonftituents considered the vice admiral as a gallant officer, persecuted in a cruel manner, and endeavoured to be sacrificed to party connexion^, by those who, on all occasions, flood forward the determined foes of government, and stopt short at no means of embaraffing its necessary operations. He could not discover that the present question was of such vast importance ^s the mover of it had declared it to be. The appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser to the government of (Greenwich Hospital was nothing more than an ordinary ipftance of the exercise of the royal prerogative. How then vyas the constitution likely to be affected, if the appointment : was not made the subject of parliamentary censure ? The honourable gentleman who moved the question, had, with a great deal of ingenuity, he must confess, endeavoured to prove, that the government of Greenwich. Hospital was intimately connected with the evidence of Great Britain, and that the country would be ruined, if the late appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser to that office were not solemnly reprobated by the House. If this argument were true, he could only say, that the country was not worth preserving; Another argument used by the honourable gentleman had been, that the appointment of Sir Hugh Palliler would operate as. an encouragement to faife and malicious accusers. This ar-

£ guinea*

by

A.tySt. ft £ B ‘ A T £ S«

fumenthe could not comprehend nor fee which way it Was to e supported ! Was the annual income of the government of '^Greenwich Hospital in any degree equal to the income that Sir Hugh had given up ? Certainly it was not; the morality of the navy, therefore, was in no danger from lucrative •views ;* Sir Hugh Palliser had gained nothing by having accused Admiral Keppel; he had loft considerably. Again the honourable gentleman had aiferted, that the appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser would create ill-blood and diflension in the navy. The appointment had taken place for fotne months, and the honourable gentleman had not ltated a single instance of its having had that eflfe&. Possibly when the next day’s newspapers had been read, and the hint, as suggested by the honourable gentleman, was published in every print, the hint ' might be adopted, and the effect might begin to appear* Who would be to blame in* that case ? The honourable gentleman had taken up some time to prove, that the sentence of the court-martial which tried Sir Hugh Palliser was neither an unanimous nor an honourable acquittal; and the honour^ able gentleman had rested a chief part of his argument upon r the fad, that neither of those words were used in the whole sentence. With regard to the first word of the two, from what sources of information did the honourable gentleman de* duce his. position ? Its not appearing on the face of the record was not conclusivetupon the point; but admitting, for th* fake of argument, that the acquittal was not unanimous, surely it would be no difficult matter to prove, that an acquittal a majority of a court, after a long, rigid, and fcrupuloufc trial, was much more honourable than a ralh and good-natured unanimity. What'did an acquittal, that flad not been unanimous, imply, but that a case had been lifted and examined again and again, and after considering it in every pof-iible point of view, that the majority were convinced the person tried was innocent? Unanimity might have !>een the haf-ty resolve of a moment, which on due consideration the majority might repent. With Tegard to the word honourable, he concluded that whenever it was adopted in a sentence of acquittal,* it was a redundancy, and rather suggested a doubt of the justice than confirmed the honour of the acquittal* Whence did real honour arise to a party tried ? Certainly front the court’s having occasion to pronounce him innocent of the allrdged crime. The honour arose from the matter of fa&, and where that did not convey it, verbal expression could not

402

PARLIAMENTARY A, ttfu

sentence of Admiral Keppel’s court-martial had declared Sir Hugh Palliser a falle and malicious accuser; he denied that this assertion was grounded. The sentence only averted* that the accusation was malicious and ill-founded. He con* eluded with declaring the motion to be novel in its nature, and calling upon the honourable gentleman, who made it, to Anew a precedent for it.

Commodore Commodore John Jione said, he never would admit the dbc-Johnpotu. ^nc tjirown Qyt by the honourable gentleman who made the motion, and adopted by the noble Admiral [Lord Howe} oppoflte to him, <c that it was wrong for an inferior officer to prefer an accusation against his commander in chief, and that the practice ought to be reprobated.". If that doctrine obtained, the service would be ruined, the honour of every officer in a fleet, would lie at the commander in chief's mercy, and there would be ah end of all discipline. Who, but the officers of a fleet, could point out the mifccndu£t of a commander in chief? What was it that preserved the honour of the service in general, but the circumstance of every man’s being equally amenable to a court-martial, to which he might be subjected, at the instance of aby one officer, let his. rank be ever so inferior, provided the charge alledged was sufficiently important to make a court-martial necessary ? And where was the danger arising from this practice ? Courts martial, it would be allowed, on all hands, were composed of men of the strictest honour, and of men the most competent to decide on the matters submitted to their investigation I Commanders, who acted uprightly and coofcientiously* could therefore have no dread of facing such a tribunal. With regard to the accuser, if his charges were made out, he certainly acted meritoriously in having alledged them; if, on the contrary, he failed in his props, die blame and the consequences mud be fuijFered by him. He would not, however, by any means, subscribe to the idea, that a court-martial, appointed to try one man, was warranted in censuring another, who had not been heard in his defence; to allow of this, would be to give up the dearest right of a Britishv fabjeft, the ^igh't of not being condemned without a fair trial. At the same time, he was aware that it was sometimes done. He had himself fat on courts martial, where it had been attempted-, but it had always been denied as unyuft and unwarrantable. He was far, however, from meaning to approve of the vice-admiral’s whole conduct. He thought his military conduit, in the highest degree praise-worthy; but his political conduct,

W1S

A, 1781. DEBATES.

was the direct of polite'. It was rash, resentful, and blame# able. Admiral Keppel, he was as ready to admit a* any mant was a brave, a gallant, and a worthy officer. No man was more beloved or respe&edin his profdbon, and no man more delervedly. But he could not agree, that the ayth of July, was a d^y that gave any glory to this country, just the contrary. It was the moll unfortunate day this country ever saw. What! teach F ranee, what (he had been long accustomed to suppose impossible? Convince her that a French fleet, on a Summer's day, could engage a British fleet, Superior in every reSpe&, and get Safe back to port! Good God, it was scarcely credible, and yet it was but too troe ! There was great blame due Somewhere, for Such a disgraceful event; an event the more to be lamented, because Great Britain* Would probably never have Such another glorious opportunity of shaking the marine of France. Where wa9 this blamo due ? It was a question that mull result to every gentleman's mind. Some gentlemen accounted for it one way, and fomcf another. Opinions were divided. Admiral Keppel un-doubtedly was a brave man, and a good officer, but that ge-nerofity of mind which rendered him so amiable, might lead him into error. He would say what he thought. Admiral Keppel had acted rather weakly, than wifely, in writing that letter to the admiralty, which had been published in the Gazette, if the contents were not really the import of the admiral's opinion. If the vice admiral of the blue had been to blame, he ought to have been stigmatized, not praised. If once commanders overlooked disobedience of orders, and ne-glc& of duty, there was an end of discipline. For his part, if his father, or his brother, or his Son, his nearest relation, or his dearest friend, did not do his duty, he would punish him agreeable to the laws of the Service. The Service could not eaift without discipline, and if Sir Hugh Palliser had behaved as ill as the honourable admiral near him had at different times declared he had, he ought to have been brought to an immediate court-martial, as loon as he landed, after the affair of the 27th of July. The honourable gentleman who made the motion, had laid great stress upon Sir Hugh Palliser'snot having preferred his accusation against the commander in chief when he first came on (bore; surely the argument pressed asftrongly against the commafftier in chief the other way; and the only way to account for it was, that Admiral Keppel’s good nature, as a man, got the better of his duty as an officer,

F f f 2 Tl*

’y

PARLIAMENTARY

The Commodore declared, he was f>.r from meaning to defend the political conduit of Sir Hugh Palliser; he thought it, as he had before said, extremely represensible. Had he been in his situation, and found the misfortune and thedif* grace of the 27th of July attributed to him, and felt that ^be imputation was unmerited, the last thing he should have thought of would have been demanding a court-martial upon Admiral £eppcl, No.—He would have immediately demanded a court-martial on himself. That would have been the faired and the lead indiyidious way of meeting the odium arising from the calumnies in circulation. Neither would he, had he adopted the line of conduct Sir Hugh Palliser had adopted, and preferred an accusation against Admiral Reppel, have reiigned his employments previous to his own triad. He would have kept them every one. Not that he thought it wa?, by any means, a fair argument for die honourable gentleman who made the motion, to use as a proof that Sir Hugh Palliser admitted that the declaration of Admiral Keppel’s court-martial, that his charges against that admiral were malicious and ill-founded, was true. He was very far from being of this opinion. But taking ad the obvt-pussy confurable parts of Sir Hugh Palliser’8 political conduit into full view, would any man say, that an officer of such acknowledged bravery* ought to be rendered incapable of serving his country for ever, for what had happened r The trials, were published; let gentlemen read them, and judge for themselves upon she whole of the evidence, and not form their opinions merely from the two sentences! Would any man tell him, that when he found by the concurring tedimony of the witnesses in general, the vice admiral’s conduit in the action was lospirited, so gallant, io glorious, as it was allowed to be, he ought to be givep’up and bladed for ever, for having. been guilty of an error to which all men were liable I When he looked into those trials, and saw how nobly die vice admiral rulhed into action and received the whole fWof the French fleet; when he viewed him ranging along the enemy’s line, and bravely backing his topsails that he might continue to fight the longer, and when he saw, that after he had passed the lad ship of the enemy, he wore his owa ship tg renew the action, apd torn, (haltered, and disabled as he was, like a Britishi *bull-dog, turned to have another bout with the^i! When he looked at this, he admired the bravery of the vice admiral, he honoured his zeal* and he thought him entitled to every pafjibje praise ! But it was said, that the day

l^Sit X? £ BATES.

was loft in consequence of the vice, admirals not letjing the foodunander in chief know the disabled state of the Formic cl able, and the court-martial which tried him, had declared ip their sentence, that it was an omission, A great deal rpight be said on that point; perhaps-the vice admiral might £hink the crippled state of his ship sufficiently obvious not to acquire his fending a meftage by the Fox frigate. If this were not tire case, in all probability something would have feeen heard of it before the trial, because, when a commander of a ship did not join his commander in chief, as ordered, by (ignal, it was a matter immediately complained of; all the officers took notice of it, and there was scarcely a ship in which it was not said, publicly, " Good- God, what’s that fellow about }why does not he come up ?" As nothing like this had been heard of, he took it for granted, that the dif* abled state of the Formidable was so conspicuous, that it was wnnecessary to specify it by particular mefijage. Every than in the service knew the great difficulty of restoring discipline, and getting things to rights in a ship, immediately after (he was corne out of action. Sometimes it was done (ooner than at others, but certainly the longer a ship had fought, and the longer (he had continued in action, the greater length of time it always took.to get the ship to rights again. As this matter was extremely delicate, he had aiked many officers, who had been present in the engagement, what the impression of their minds was at the moment, and whether at that time it struck them, that the renewal of the engagement was any way impeded by the conduct of the vice admiral of the blue ? Three of the officers had said, that they thought it was; but others, ten to one, had declared themselves to be of a contrary opinion; and all whom he had talked with, the most violent $gainst Sir Hugh Palliser on account of his political conduct, as well a* those who thought his accuiing Admiral Keppel was not so biameable in the extreme as others pronounced it, agreed to a man, that no officer could shew more personal bravery, nor fight a ship better than the vice admiral fought the Formidable in the course of his passing the French line.

Many, indeed, had joined the popular cry since, and had blamed Sir Hugh Palliser’s conduct on the 27th of July, but they had the candour to .acknowledge, that it was not their original opinion, not an opinion formed on the instant, but an opinion arising from conversation with other officers, feme time after the affair happened. Even the honourable admiral perhaps thought differently of the action now from

what

■t PARLIAMENTARY A. 178*.

what he-did at the moment of it; from a perusal of the trial, the commodore said he was convinced in his own mind, that the signal for the Formidable to come into the admiral’s wake, was not flying so long as the honourable admiral imagined it to have been, but that it was hauled down a part of the time* Again he was convinced, that even if the honourable admi-Tal himself bad the day to go through again, he would have conduced the allion differently, have forced the enemy to renew the engagement, and not have suffered them to get £afe into port, under a notion that the commander of a French fleet was impelled by as generous feelings as himself, and that he would fight him fairly in the morning.

But upon the whole of the case, notwithstanding the paina taken by the honourable gentleman who opened the motion, (and whose abilities and eloquence were undoubtedly superior to those of any man in that House, and therefore nis arguments were the more necessary to be examined and lifted) tt was evident that blame was in some degree afcribeable both to the admiral and the vice admiral. The latter’s political conduit, he had already said, he condemned, and undoubtedly it was indefensible; but surely some of the arguments used by the honourable gentleman who made the motion, applied as forcibly the other way, as they did to the point to strengthen which they were introduced. If Sir Hugh Palliser was to be blamed for not having made his accusation earlier, surely Admiral Keppel was to blame for having not only wrote his public letter at sea, in praise of the vice admiral, (when if the admiral’s language since held were true, he ought not to have written in any such stile^ but for having afterwards, when he landed at Plymouth, wntten asecond letter to the admiralty, praising his officers cpndu& in terms of great warmth, and Specifically including Sir Hugh Palliser in that praise. He, like Sir Hugh Palliser, should have felt himself much hurt and injured, at finding himself attacked and censured by Admiral Keppel’s officers; but he repeated it* he should not have dreamt of demanding a court-martial on Admiral Keppel; oq the contrary 7 as he had before stated, he would have instantly infilled on a court-martial on himself, r The honourable gentleman had made it a great part of his argument to prove, that to arraign the conduit of a court-martial, was in the highest degree unjustiliable, and had reprobated the idea bf eveja mentioning any thing that seemed to question either the integrity or the honour of naval officers, fitting as judges, and yet the honourable gentleman had gone into an exaqiination

A. 1781* DEBATES.'

of the second court-martial. Indeed he had with great ingenuity, endeavoured to'convince the House, t;hat it was the conititution of the second court-martial that he complained of, and not its conduit. But what figoified what the conititution of the court was, if its conduit was admitted by the honourable gentleman to be unimpeachable ? It wras the conduct of that court-martial, and not the conititution of it, that affelted the subject then under confederation. Not that he meant by any means tp admit that the conititution of the court was at all liable to suspicion or censure; on the contrary, he was ready to meet the honourable gentleman upon that point, and had no doubt but he could proveto the satisfaction of all who heard him, that the members of it were men of as ftrill honour, as high virtue, and as immoveable integrity, astever fat on any court-martial. The honourable gentleman had reprobated the idea of questioning their conduit, and yet he had expressly stated, that four of the members were captains of the blue squadron^ and that three of them were implicated in the guilt of the vice admiral! Good God ! would the honourable gentleman attempt to argue that this was not ques-tioning the honour of the officers, and arraigning their con-dull as judges in the mod cruel and moil injurious manner!

He wished the'House to see the yvholfe affair in a candid, and impartial light, and not to be raided by prejudices. The honourable gentleman had re fled much of what he laid on the proceedings of that House, immediately after the trial of Admiral Keppel, and had spoken of the* thanks that had b^en voted to the gallant Admiral, and the popular joy on his acquittal. Did not every man know, that what the noble Lord in the blue ribbon had observed, relative to the temper of the times at that period, was ilrillly just ? Th^ people were mad, phrenzy prevailed, and those, who did not join in the irrational alls of the multitude, were obliged to be ftlent (pcHators. The popular fury bore down all before it; even that House caught the infellion : He wondered not therefore at the language from the chair to the honourable admiral, nor at the House’s having agreed either to thank the honourable admiral, or to enter it upon their Votes as a record of parliament, that they had thanked him for having preserved the honour of the British flag some months after it had been loll; as littjc was he at a loss to know to what he was to impute the imprudent speeches of some of the gentlemen who constituted that parliament. He would, not admit, however, that Lord Loughborough had pressed the House to suffer Sir Hugh PaW

'tifet’s

i

PAULI AMENT AKY JL 17S

lifers flag to remain with him, merely that It might fhr over his grave, because it could never be hoisted at the tn aft-head of any of his Majesty's ships. He did not recollect, that the learned lord, then his Majesty's attorney general, nfed any such argument; he remembered, that he begged Sir Hugh Palliser’s flag might not be taken away, but that it might remain with him till he died; he was pretty certain, however, that the learned lord gave no such reason as the honourable gentleman had thought proper to put into his mouth* But to return to a description of the temper of the public, upon Admiral Keppel's acquittal* Universal riot and disorder not only prevailed with unbridled licence without doors, but was shamelessly avowed, abetted, and defended, in both Houses of Parliament* Let the most zealous friend of Admiral Keppel, (and no man esteemed and admired him more than he did,) look back with a (ober retrospect to thoie times, and aik himself, whether the pretended was the read cause of the popular phrenzy ? What had officers who were at sea at the time, and who knew the whole business of the day, said, when they heard of the public transactions, and the rca-fons assigned for them > What! London illuminated for three nights together ! on account of the glory gained on the 27th of July! Oh, God ! Oh, God! [covering hi* face with his hands*] Nobody could credit it; every man of sense knew better; they knew that the popular rapture and joy which burst out in such an extraordinary manner, had something of a more reasonable foundation* It was not to the glory pained ^on the 27th of July that they imputed the illumination of London, neither was it for the Admiral's having convoyed Rome mercantile fleets that were in port before he failed they aferibed the general joy upon the acquittal of Admiral Keppel; but the public satisfaction universally felt on finding that a brave officer, a skilful commander, and a good-matured, honest man, had come off with honour, after an arduous trial* 1

He then returned to a consideration of the late promotion <|f Sir Hugh Palliser, and said, if the appointment of that officer was meant as an irritation to Admiral Keppel and his friends, he should condemn it; upon any other ground, he would applaud it, and he hoped it was meant to be followed with adfual employment. Let gentlemen ask themfdvet conscientiously if the services of forty years were lo be totally done away for one fault ? Ought thegaUant vice admiral to be rendered forever incapable of fervin^bts cotatry h*

hit

A. 1781. D E B A* T E S,

his military capacity, for having in one instance acted politically wrong ? Let the House remember that the vice admiral was the darling officer'of that brave and popular com*-jnander, Sir Charles Saunders, at the liege of Quebeck; let them look at his attions during the course of the last war; let them not forget wfcat praise wfts due to him, and what just expectations might be formed of the good eflfefts of his future services, from his behaviour in a lingle memorable instance ft few years lince ! In that case, what had been the vice admiral’s conduct ? He came up with two British ships in light of o French seventy-four. He asked what they llackened faK for ? He was answered, they were about to hold ft council of

war, in order to determine whether the French ship should be attacked. He inltantly replied, u Do you debate the matter t I’ll light the ship ;".and he followed this reply with immediately giving chace, and attacking the enemy; the result

was, he brought the ship back a prize before the council was

over!

Was an action like this to be passed over in silence, and totally blotted from the memory, because, at a subsequent period, the fame man arts erroneously on shore$ Politics and party, he said, were the bane of all service.' The brave Walton, who had signalized himself so much by the memorable dispatch which told government, that he had taken, burnt, funk, and destroyed as per margin, had, at one period of his fife, fufFered himself to be drawn into a confederacy, entered into against Admiral Benbow, by the captains of his fleet, in order to ruin him. by not fighting; but no sooner did he fee his brave commander in chief in danger from the enemy, than his friendship glowed with its former warmth, he could not refill its propensity, but broke through his engagements with the confederated captains, and instantly bore down to his commander’s aflillance, confelfing to him afterwards the whole of the plot. Captain Walton was tried for the part he had taken in the confederacy, but the only error he Wa9 ac-cufable with, was his agreeing to it, and he was pardoned in confederation of his former good conduct. The consequestce was, he rendered his country as eficntial services afterwards, as ever were performed! Let the example of generosity be adopted with regard to Sir Hugh Palliser, and let not a gallant officer be blasted for ever for one millake ! As to the vice ad* miral, he did allure the honourable admiral, he respe&ed his character greatly, and he wished moll heartily to fee him at the head of a.fleet again. All the ability and all the zeal of

Vo*. XVIII

G g g

the

4io

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

the service were requisite to extricate the nation out of it* present difficulties. The admiral no doubt had his realoos for declining to serve, and he had no right to enquire what they were. In answer however to the arguments which had been urged by the honourable gentleman who made the motion, in order to prove that the appointment of Sir Hugh Palliser to the government of Greenwich Hospital was owing to the partiality of the present lords of the admiralty, he was ready to assert, that the admiralty promotions of late had been distributed with the mod scrupulous impartiality, especially those, a list of which was read to the House before the holidays by the noble lord in the blue ribbon; nor was this solely an opinion of his own, it was the agreed opinion of the service in general. Nay he would go further. Admiralty preferments had scarcely ever been bestowed with so much fairness, and so little cause of complaint on the Icore of partiality and prejudice, as since the present Earl of Sandwich had been at the head of the admiralty commission. But he knew that party never would allow this; the fa£l nevertheless was undoubtedly what he had stated. He again lamented, that j party spirit had infused itself into the minds of officers. It earned them out of that line of conduct which the judgment and honour of brave men should ever preserve and here, he said, he could not hi Ip lamenting at the fight of so reipe&-able a name as that of Admiral Keppel subscribed to a llring of resolutions from a Surrey committee. It did not, in his « opinion, become the honourable admiral to set h"s name to a 1 declaration, that the American warwas unjust. What would officers gone and going abroad, under instructions to do their duty upon the American service, think, when they learnt that Admiral Keppel, the brave and worthy Admiral Keppel, the idol of the navy, the god of its idolatry, had joined in declaring that all the officers who had fervedon the American war were no better than pirates, and that the war was a war of in-justice and oppression ? He could not also but observe, that in a late debate on the Dutch war, a great deal of improper matter had been dropped in that House. Not only the war with France, Spain, and Holland had been reprobated, and the cause of the enemy pleaded with all the zeal of advocates employed against Great Britain, but,opinions of a dangerous ten- duicy had Uen roundly asserted and obstinady maintained. Did any gentleman conllcler what fatal uie might be made of the when it got abrdad, that it had been contended in (he British Parliament, that neutral bottoms made neutral ‘, ♦ goods.

A. 1781. DEBATES. 4it

goods, and that neutral powers might supply France and Spain with all forts of warlike ftofes-!

A cry To Order ! The right honourable 7*. said kon.

lie spoke to order. No man heard the honourable gentleman with more patience nor with more pleasure than he did, but he must forgive him for reminding him that theJJutch war was not now the subject of debate. If the honourable commodore wished to debate it, he had no manner of objedbion to going into it immediately, but then it would be right to dispose of the present question first.

Mr. Rigby said, the honourable gentleman’s having called Mr. Rfcly. the honourable commodore to order, was disorderly. The question before the House was a great naval queilion. The honourable commodore was speaking to a naval topic, and might make what he said apply as closely to the question in debate as any thing that had fallen from any gentleman who had spoken already, or that might fall from others who were so ready to call the honourable commodore to order.

Mr. Townshend said, he had not interrupted the honourable Mr. Tmnf-

commodore in an unhandsome manner, but had done it with*"

_ all possible civilityv

Several members calling out, Go on! Go on! the Speaker called to the commodore, who rose again and said, he wished rather to decline saying any thing farther at present.

Admiral Kepprt said, he had resolved never to rife again to Admiral take up the time of the House with talking upon so infigni-ficant a subjedb as hirafelf. Some things which had fallen from the honourable officer who spoke lalb, had however rendered it indispensibly necessary for him to say a few words by way of reply. With regard to the argument used by the honourable officer, and by the noble lord, whom he mould call the advocate of the governor of Greenwich Hospital, that a court-martial had no right to pronounce upon the motives of the accuser, he considered.it as linking at anufage which he had ever looked upon as the rule and bulwark of the service, and without which all rank, command, confidence, and security, would be annihilated. So fully convinced was he of this, that if ever the pradbice was reversed and abolished, he declared he would sooner give up his commission than fit on a court-martial. The honourable gentleman who spoke lafb had been very Ibrong in his expremons respedbing the 27th of July. God knew he liked as little to hear of that day as the honourable gentleman; but as he felt the fa-tisfadbion of having done his duty, as he had the additional comfort of haying an unanimous acquittal of a court-martial

G g g 2 after

4U PARLIAMENTARY A, 17S1

ifter a trial, and as he had received the thanks of that House for his conduct, which he should ever consider as the highest honour of his life, he was most perfeXiy indifferent as tp any oblique reflexions or any direx imputations that might be thrown upon him, either in that House, or by those writers who were paid by ministers for attacking him in pamphlets and newspapers. At first he owned he felt the force of anonymous calumny, but its source being perfeXiy known, he had grown perfeXiy callous, and was no longer vulnerable that way. The honourable officer had said a great deal about the conduX of the vice admiral in the course of the aXion on the 27th, and had said he fought like a Hon. He had never impeached his bravery; on the contrary, he had allowed the vice admiral behaved gallantly as ne passed the French line. What he had to complain of, was the vice admiral’s neglex of signab after the engagement; for if -the lion gets into his den, and won’t come out of it, there’s an end of the lion. At the same time he said, though he did not mean to throw it out by way of censure, the vice admiral would have done him more service, have been able to have joined him in a better condition, and have put it in his power to have renewed the engagement sooner, if he had passed the v French line a little faster. The honourable gentleman had cen-

sured him for writing the letter, whidi he did write from lea. The House knew his sentiments already upon that part of his conduX; no man could condemn it more than he did. But the honourable gentleman had complained further of his having wrote a second letter from Plymouth, in which he joined the vice admiral with other officers whose conduX he had thought worthy. Was there any thing extraordinary in this ? 'Having, before he lent his first letter from sea, made up his mind upon the subjex of the vice admiral’s behaviour, and fuflfered himself to impute what at the time appeared to be, and What had been since proved to be, criminal neglex, to accident (not imagining that an officer who had fought so bravely could wilfully disobey orders) what fort of a man muff he have appeared, if, when he set foot on shore, he lent up a letter to the admiralty the very reverse of his letter from sea? Not dreaming that his friendship for a man, with whom he lived in terms of the greatest intimacy, would be fb ill repaid, as he had since experienced The decision, whether he should overlook the vice admiral’s neglex of duty, cost him but little time; and having once decided, he never harboured a hostile sentiment against him, much less could he have brought himself to have aXed in such a double

manner.

413

A. 17S1. DEBATES.

manner, as to have praised the vice admiral in his first and censured hrim in his second letter to the admiralty. The honourable officer, however, was mistaken in supposing that he took no step to prevent a similar neglect of lignals from that committed by the vice admiral on the 27th of July. He had in fact delivered out an order, which though it did the business in a very gentle manner (a matter which he owned he aimed at) nevertheless could not but convey to the captains in general, as well as to the vice admiral’s fenfibi-Jity, a rebuke of his miicondudt. The order that he had issued previous to his failing from Plymouth a second time, as an additional fighting. instruction, he would read to the House. [The admiral here read it.} The purport of it was, that the commander in chief's signal, upon forming the line of battle, was to be attended to in preference to any other signal. This additional fighting instruction, he said, had its efteCl; for on his going out a second time, he found the discipline and obedience of his fleet so much improved, that he considered himself as stronger, by the addition of five ships of the line, than he was on his first cruize; and had he had the good fortune to have met the French fleet, he had not a doubt but he should have proved that the order made that difference. He hoped, therefore, that he should not again hear that he had not attempted to remedy the vice admiral’s neglect.

. The admiral said further, that the noble lord had put his abilities to the ilretch, in order to defend the recriminating principle on which he had brought his accusation against him. The better to elucidate this matter, he would state to the House the facts 011 which the whole matter relied. On his arrival in town early in the fession of 1778, Sir Hugh Palliser wrote him a letter, Hating that a paragraph had appeared against him [Sir Hugh] in the General Advertiser, and deiir-ing that he would sign a paper inclosed, by way of contradicting the article which ascribed the failure of the business of the 27th of July to the vice admiral. The governor of Greenwich Hospital called on him in person shortly afterwards, desiring him to sign this paper; a paper which he could not have put his name to, without, at the same time, subscribing some of the grossest falihoods that ever were committed to p^per. A conversation ensued between the governor of Greenwich Hospital and himself: in the course of it he had argued upon the impropriety of a commander of a fleet’s putting his name to any matter, in a common newspaper, contradicting a publication of such a trifling nature as ♦ an

s

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

an anonymous paragraph, and had justified his etcufing himself on the strong ground, that haying written nothing upon the fub-je£f himself, but his public letters, the governor of Greenwich Hospital had no right to expe£ him to sign a contradiction to any thing that might have appeared. They grew warm, and the vice admiral laid, " i’ll tell all! I’ll tell all!" His answer to which was, 44 Sir, I dare you to do your worst and having made thi^reply, he quitted the room. He added, that what he had said, was not only true, but luckily there happened to be a gentleman present at the conversion, who, if the vice admiral pleased, should be brought to the bar, to prove every word he had asserted; and that gentleman, on hearing the vice admiral say, 44 If you w ont sign this paper," or something to the fame eifeCl, 441*11 tell all I" immediately told the vice admiral, that if he knew any thing against Admiral Keppel, which would go to a proof of his having failed in the discharge of his duty, he mull be a bad man to have concealed it lb long.

In rcl’pest to the two courts martial. Admiral Keppel said, it was highly impropr, and highly injurious to talk of the conduct of officers futing as judges, in so loose a manner as had been done; if the House were diifatisiied with the fen-tence&of either court-martial, the only fair way of instituting an enquiry imo the grounds of those sentences would be, by ablblving the members of each from their oaths, and examining them at the bar of the House. By that means, they would get at the truth; and though he.had every reason to be content and happy under the result of the former enquiry, he had not the lmalleft objection to undergo a new one* He had faced one trial, on the issue of which, his honour and life depended; he had no dread of going through another, bccauie he knew no reason to fear the event. The late trials, however, had furnished him with greater knowledge of the nature of the vice admiral’s negle£V, than he had before imagined was the fa&. Had he known as much on the 27th of July as the evidence called by the vice admiral himself had proved, he would have ordered the vice admiral to have quitted his lkip, and not suffered the state of the Formidable to prevent the renewal of the engagement.

The admiral said, though he was proud of enjoying the good opinion of every man in the service, he did not feel himself greatly indebted to the honourable officer who spoke last for his compliments; because, in proportion to the praise,

A. 1781. DEBATES. 4,

which the honourable gentjeraan had given him on the one hand, he had done fully away, by the censure wftich he had levelled at him with the other, the balance therefore of the honourable gentleman’s condemnation and applaulc was pretry equal. To some of the honourable gentleman’s remarks he was ready to subscribe, to others he was prepared to object. That the 27th of July was an unfortunate day for England, he freely admitted; and as he had before said, he wiffied as little to hear that day mentioned as the honourable gentleman; at the lame time, he could not but declare himself much obliged to his honourable relation behind him, for having moved the present question, because at the same time that it afforded the honourable officer who fpokc last an occasion for delivering his opinion upon a matter in which his honour and chara£Ver were deeply involved, it gave him an opportunity of replying and controverting such parts of that honourable gentleman’s opinion as were erroneously conceived, and unjustifiably maintained. With regard to some of the honourable officer’s aniraadverfions, every man muff know how ill they were founded. The honourable officer, among other pointed sarcasms on his conduct, had said, that he was thanked by the House for fending home, fleets which were in port before he failed. So far was this from being a fair account of the events of his command, that it was undeniably true, there never was a year of war in which a naval commander was more successful in the pro-testion of the commercial interests of the kingdom. It was his aim at the time, and it w'ould ever be his boast. He had sent in three several fleets of immense value lafe, and in order to effe£f this completely, he had turned back with his whole fleet (the largest he had ever seen under the command of one man) and had not altered his course till he had driven the convoys up the Channel, arid left them in perfect safety.

The admiral thanked the House for their indulgence and patient attention; and concluded with saying, he had come down with his pockets full of papers, had occasion arisen for a reference to any one of them.

Sir Hugh Patiiferrofe, and began with saying, that the 1 aft sir Hu^b

time he had the honour to speak in that House, he was so much indifpoled with a cold and hoarseness, that he could not finiffi what he had to say, otherwise he should have taken notice of several things that then dropped from the honourable gentleman [Mr. Fox] on the other fide, who distin-guished himself as the leader of the present persecution of

him.

416

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

him. On the present occasion too, as so much had beea said by several other gentlemen, who had already fjpoken in the debate, and in so much better terms than he was capable, of expressing himself, he would alk the indulgence of the House to hear,him on a few points only.

He said, he found that either he had not been distinSIy Jieard, or was misunderstood by the honourable gentleman in one particular, that of his suppoiing he meant to attack the sentence of Mr. Keppel’s court-martial; in his former speech, he had declared he did not wish to impeach that sentence, so far as related to Mr Keppel’s acquittal.

The honourable gentleman claimed a right to quote that part of the sentence which condemned the vice admiral for making a malicious and groundless charge, as a public record, and under (belter of that description of it, had (hid his quoting it was not to be considered in a personal light, but as a right he had to quore, in the freedom of debate, a public 1 transaciion for the true information of his constituent* and the nation at large. Upon that ground, Sir Hugh said, perhaps he could not properly take it up as personal; but he declared, that whenever the honourable gentleman should in future quote that part of the sentence, in the partial and unjust way he had done, he would always rife an^ reproach him with want of candour; becaufewhen the honourable gentleman said that (entence declared him convicted, and condemned him for making a malicious and ill-founded charge, he ought to add, what is also a part of the fame record, that he was neither upon trial, nor heard, either in support of the charges which he had regularly and legally brought before that court, nor in his vindication for bringing them, nor in hi* own defence on the recriminating charge against him, upon which the person upon trial had partly rested his defence : upon all which heads Sir Hugh had repeatedly claimed his right to be heard, and was as repeatedly denied it. Hence it was plain the honourable gentleman did not quote that record, as he called it, for the purpose of conveying right information of a public transaction to the nation at large, but in effect by his partial quotation of it, he milled and deceived the nation, and kept up injurious prejudices against him; therefore he would always reproach him with a want of candour, and of acting a part unworthy of himself: and the honourable gentleman was more open to this reproach than any 1 member would be who had not attended the trial, nor carefully perused the minutes of the trial, for such as had not,

- br

3

A«i)8i* DEBATES.

by being ted away by the (bream of prejudice raised by aoife, clamours, mobs, Ac. expressly for the purpose of confounding all truth, and for establishing those prejudices, might not know that Sir Hugh had been refused a hearing upon every point. But the honourable gentleman attended the trial himself; he heard those denials given to the vice admiral; he knew that the objections to hearing him did not -originate with the court, but came from Mr. Keppel, who was upon trial. He said, that in his own mind, he was convinced it never had entered into the minds of the court to entertain a doubt about the propriety of hearing him; nay, after Mr. Keppel* objeffcing to it the first time, the court acbuiefced in the declaration of one of its members, that finally, after all the evidence was gone through, they would hear him.

Sir Hugh added, that though the objection to his being heard on the merits in any stage of the trial was first mad# by Mr. Keppel, yet he believed that it did not originate .even with him; for so soon as it was known that Sir Hugh intended to address the court, all Mr, KeppePs friends about him, confiding of many noblemen and gentlemen, leaders in opposition, aflerobled about a table in court, and appeared to be in confutation; the issue of which was, that Mr* Keppel came forth with his objection in writing, and in the dile of a mandate, said, he objected to Sir Hugh Palliser’s being heard on the merits of the cause in any Sage of the •trial; so that Sir Hugh said r he did not lay the injustice Wholly at the door of the court, for he did not think any of tye members intended, wilfully to do him injustice, but he attributed it to the party which formed the objection to his being heard, and which undoubtedly made it from the appreheufion that if he had been heard, the court perhaps could not have totally acquitted Mr. Keppel, or have passed a sentence bf malice upon Sir Hugh.

He then went to another point, and said, that the ho* nourable gentleman was not less reproachable for want of can* dour in his manner of dating the vice admiral’s motives foe quitting his employments: be might give the honourable gentleman the fame rebuke upon this point, as he had met with the other night from a noble lord, a very Tcfpedtable admiral, for having taken upon him to account for his Iprd-ship’s motives, without knowing th^m from himself. The honourable gentleman had attempted to lead his hearers into an opinion, that he did it out of fear of his threats against

Vo l. XVIII.

Hhh

him

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*1.

him in Parliament, and from a conscientiousness of guilt: he allured the honourable gentleman, that he. was never more mifiaken in his iife, than in litpposing him afraid of him or his threats; that amongst all his foibles, that of fear did not belong to him; that fear was a tax which conscience pays to guilt. Let it therefore be applied to those who wantonly calumniate and blaH the characters of others, and are after-, wards afraid to itand a full hearing, object to hear the injured party, and do all that in them lies to prevent that injured party from having a fair trial. He confefitd, indeed, that upon one occasion, he was afraid. He was afraid of a mad, deluded, furious mob. This mob first forcibly entered his House, and not finding him there, destroyed his property, and attempted to pull down his house; then proceeded to his house in the admiralty, where he was, and forced the admiralty gates, and attacked the house; but, at the moment of their forcing an opening into it, the guards happily came to his rejief, and laved him from being torn in pieces Then, he con ft (led, he was really afraid; was forced to abscond in disguise, and conceal himself in an obscure place, farhedurst not shew himself in London, much less offer to come to that House. ' It Was under these circumstances, he wrote his letter of resignation; what he did on this occasion, was exa<51Iv the same as was done by one of the moll famous admirals we read of in hifiory, who, under the like circumstances of prejudices and outrage, which had riferi to a height his friends could not supporthim against, laid down his commission, declaring, he had done it to ouibt the people. Afterwards, when those prejudices fubfnleu, he resumed his commissior^ and rendered more service to his country at sea than any other mnn ever did. He was speaking of the famous Dutch Admiral Van Tromp.

What Sir Hugh had done under similar circumstances was nearly the fame; and his real motives for resigning, he said, would bell appear from his letter of resignation, written in the obscure place to which he had retired. This letter, he observed, would have been written in a better stile, perhaps, if his mind had been more tranquil at the time; hut such as it was, he would read it to the House. It was addressed to the Earl of Sandwich, and in the following words:

" My Lord,

" After duly revolving in my rqind the present flnte of things, and the confusion into which his Majesty’s service is thrown by the violent measures and proceedings of a deluded mob against me; and having long perceived a spirit envy

! and

Ai vSi. DEBATES.

fend jealpufy. drawn upon me ^y the favours and honours which his Majesty has from time to time been graciously, pleased to bellow on me, as rewards of long and faithful labours in the service of my country, I think it belt, in order to abate the rage of prejudice raised again!! me, and to favour measures. to rellore tranquility, humbly to beg your lordship will intercede With his Majesty to permit me to re-flgn my commissions as lieutenant-general of the marines, and the nominal government of Scarborough Callle. At the same time, I must beg, through yOur lordship’s favour, that his Majesty may be allured of the continuance of my loyalty, duty, and zeal towards his Majesty, to the lad moment of my lffe, whatever may be my fate, and to,whatever low situation I may be reduced.

" I have the honour to be, kc. ^cc."

Sir Hugh* added, that he had'lately been superieded in the lieutenant-generalship of thematines by Sir Thomas Pye; but that he Hill remained governor of Scarborough Cattle, with the salary of sixteen pounds per annum. He then appealed to the House, whether this letter betrated any confei-oufness of guilt, or fear of the honourable gentleman’s threats in Parliament.

Occasion had been taken on a former day, by the fame honourable gentleman, to inflnuate to the House, that he had acted in this matter under the influence of fomc persons who were supposed to be enemies to Admiral KcppcK He declared he had not taken any Heps under the influence, or with she advice of any man, but had fl&ed in all things, as he thought, confluent with what a military man and a man of honour ought to do, when his reputation is unjullly attacked; that is, he had trutted entirely to the merits of his cause, without applying*to any party or let of men, or to any minister* for assistance, countenance, or protection : nor had he applied to any flag'officer to interfere by memorial to the King in a cause depending; nor had solicited any officer in the service to take a part in it : yet so ttrong had ihe feeds of party been Town in the navy, that after Admiral KeppclV trial was over, and after hrs own trial was ordered, two flag officers and some captains became so regardless Of even the femblancq of deccricy, that even when they knew they were to be called. aft witnesses on his trial, they ligned an address, infcnded'to be presented to the King, praying that Sir Hugh’s flag might be taken from him, and that he might not be allowed the benefit of a trial. Such was the baneful influence of party, and so

420

PARLIAMENTARY A.

much was that party afraid of Sir Hugh’s hating a trial, knowing that at a fair trial he must be acquitted, and many disagreeable truths would come out, that- a sufficient number of officers could not be prevailed upon to sign the memorial to countenance the delivery of it, and therefore it was dropped.

A good deal had been said to lefTen and depreciate the part he had taken in the action. He was exceedingly unwilling to say any thing that seemed like founding his own praise; but he could not help observing to the House, that be had £one singly and alone into the middle of the French fleet, bad fought his way to the end of their line, and had turned again to renew the altion. This he had done without ever, in the smallest degree, suspecting a design to sacrifice him, till it was put into his head; and by whom ? by the admiral himself. But after doing his duty in a distinguished manner in the action, to be attacked and persecuted as he had been by his chief, and by a confederacy of so many powerful persons, both in and out of that House, was a treatment which no Officer'in this or any other country had ever met with before, and what hardly any men could bear; however, he thanked God, he had hitherto had the fortitude to refill it.

He next observed, that he was glad to fee an honourable gentleman [Mr. Burke} opposite to him, who was lately returned to his feat, as he had something to say which he should have been unwilling to mention behind his back. He bad been told, that on a former occasion, whilst he was Overwhelmed with injustice and oppression, and driven to a Rate of despair and adversity, the honourable gentleman had proposed, that an ample penhon should be settled on him, to enable him to live comfortably* in retirement. This, Sir Hugh said, he considered as the moil indignant insult which one man could off tfto another in his then situatkm. He considered it as a bribe held out to him to sacrifice his own honour, to subscribe to his own guilt, though he knew himself innocent, to tempt him to avoid a fair trial, and thereby to coa*-ceal from the public, truths which they had a right to know. But, Sir Hugh said, rather than accept fqch a proposal, he would submit to be. reduced to Hand at his own gate, and beg from every traveller thatpaffed, except indeed the honourable gentleman who was capable of making so indignant a proposal should pass; for from him, he would not, even under the fevered extremity of wretchedness, deign to receive assistance. Yet he would thank the honourable gentleman for one thing

he

4*1

A. 17 debates:

be had said, which was, that if Sir Hugh Palliser was obsti-Jiatcly bent on having a trial, he solemnly washed his hatfuls of the poor gentleman’s blood, but he would take care it should not be a sham trial; for this, Sir rtugh said, he returned thanks, for he thought that it added lustre to his acquittal.

The honourable admiral who spoke last, had taken occasion to mention Sir Hugh’s application to him by letter, and by a personal visit, deliring him to do Sir Hugh the justice to contract the scandalous reports propagated agaipft him by the admiral’s relations and dependants, and the officers of the Victory; and had repeated part of what passed at that interview. He had first to observe, that the admiral had po-blished that letter partially, and not wholly; what Sir Hugh proposed to him was a full confutation of the injurious reports he complained of But in his letter, Sir Hugh said that anything more agreeable to the admiral, which might be agreed on, would satisfy him; and, indeed, any thing that amounted to the admiral’s authority to contradict them, would have been satisfactory. But he refused it; upon Which Sir Hugh spoke, and he was sure the admiral would do him the justice to remember it, in nearly these words : u I*, it possible that you can countenance such injurious reporta against the } 1 never yet knew why the battle was discontinued, or not immediately renewed and continued till it had been decisive. I cannot let the matter stand upon this footing; my reputation is wounded; the nation is dissatisfied they have a right to know, if there was any fault, where it lies." Sir Hugh added, when he visited the admiral, ho found him alone; that they remained by theml'elves, fat down, and were difeuffing the subject very dispassionately, when a third person came in; after which every thing that pafTdd was with warmth and anger. The admiral quitted the room, and as Sir Hugh did not chuse to have any conversation with the other gentleman, he went away, and immediately cQntradi&ed, in his own name, the injurious reflections against him. This had highly offended Mr. Keppel, as he had refused his authority for it; and he came down to the House of Commons, and fixed a stigma on Sir Hugh, by declaring he would never serve with him again : and infinua-ting, that he had disobeyed his orders, but yet refuting to tyring him to a court-martial. Sir Hugh, therefore had afterwards applied for courts-martial on both.

i* The

L.

PARLIAMENTARY A# i78k

The honourable admiral, in his speech, had thought pro- per to mention that he had occasion to rebuke the captains 5 and that, to prevent the like error in them in future, he had, when at Plymouth, issued an order (which he had read to the House) for better explaining the method of forming the line of battle; but how ungenerous was it to rebuke officers, and mention it in that House, for errors or mistakes, if there were any, when they were occasioned by a deficiency in his Own orders. The regulation the admiral mentioned, he re-ver knew omitted by any commanding officer Under whom he had fei ved; and he had by him those instructions from every commanding officer under whom he had served since ho had been a captain.

Here, be laid, he could not help calling the attention of the House to a matter, which he thought materially concerned the welfare of the naval service.. What inufl be the Rate of the minds of officers, when they reflefl bn the proceedings of Admiral Kcppel’s court-martial, and on the new do£trine maintained that night, when they are told, that they may be condemned, degraded, and their reputations taken away without trial, and without a hearing; and in confirmation of this do&rinc, a great sea officer had flood up in Parliament, and declared, that he could at any time, with a fillip, set aside another sea officer of high rank, not indeed equal in rank with himself, but next in degree, and high in reputation, in that respect, equal to and of as long service as himself : and when they rcfleft also, that Admiral Keppel had done that by this officer, without putting him upon trial, Qr even fuffehng him to be heard. Think on the consequence of this precedent, if it should govern future courts martial.

Mr .Burh, Mr- Burke frid, he never rofc in that House without some pain, being perfeflly conscious that however pure his intention might be, and however great his zeal to serve his country, he was but little entitled to trouble the House, and rarely made made them amends for the attention with which they honoured him; bat if his uneasiness was at any time of his riling peculiarly painful to him, it was so mofl cf all, when he had occasioQ ttfspeak upon lo miserable and insignificant a subject as himself. Such, however, was his fituarien at that hour, that he wa9 under the necessity, the indispensibk necessity, of troubling the House upon the Angularity of what had happened to him* Before he came into that House (out of which, God knew, he was extremely willing to have continued, ^ad his friends been of the fane opinion that he entertained) he*

A, 1781, DEBATES.' " 4^$

brd heard that the noble lord in the blue ribbon, in the course of a debate which had taken a turn towards the very topic at that moment under the confederation of the House, had done him.the honour to allude to some words supposed to have fallen from him in a debate two years since, and which words were the cause of the expresstons of anger used against him by the honourable vice admiral opposite to him in one part of his speech. He flood thus Angularly circumstanced : the noble lord, professing to defend the vice admiral, and professing to pay a compliment to him, had held up his supposed words, as a proof of his liberality and benevolence towards the vice admiral, and as a proof of his persuasion of that gentleman’s merit and claim to reward from the crown.

Such was the comment, and such was the c'onftruftion put Upon his phrases by the noble lord; those very phrases, which the‘honourable vice admiral spurned at with indignation, and declared he felt to be the mod indignant insult that could be, offered him^ becaqfe it was a bribe, held out to him tofacri-fice his own honour# subscribe to his own guilt, though he knew himself innocent, to tempt him to avoid a fair trial, and thereby to conceal from the publick, truths, which they had a right to know." The honourable vice admiraf had gone further,—had said, he would sooner be reduced to the necessity of begging his bread at his own door, than accept? this bribed and wotfld sooner die in a ditch than deign to re-'

seive his charity. ......

In answer to ill this, Mr. Burke allured the honourable yice admiral he had totally mistaken his meaning; whenever he intended to act in the manner the vice admiral had conceived, first Of alj he would take care that both his bribed and his ch^ity should be offered in private/ 'He wo jld' lieitKer propose the qne. in a. popular .assembly/nor admiriifter the other in the public (Ireet. A$ little did he mekn to give the House to undetflahd, as the nobfe lortf in the bl\ie ribbon had chosen to interpret,- that he thought’Sir Hugh Palliser worthy of a reward. God knew, he had not an idea of either bribe or reward; How ridiculous must it appear in him to talk either of bribes or rewards; the House well knew he had it not in his power to bestow either ! He had no such power at the time alluded to, any more than at present; the noble lord in the blue ribbon was perfectly aware of this; the npble lord knew where the power lay, and who it was that was best able to tempt by a bribe, or to gratify by a reward; else whence the majority that attended the noble lord when he divided upon the question ft acted by his honourable*

: friend

PARLIAMENTARY a. I j8c.

friend who made the motion respecting Sir Hugh PalHfer two years ago? The first idea, for the reasons he had dated, had never once entered his thoughts j the second, neither at the period of time that passed between the trial of his honourable, |>i$ worthy, his dear, and truly respectable friend. Admiral Reppel, and the trial of the honourable vice admiral who {poke lad, had ever suggested itself to him, because he knew that a naan who had been declared by a court-martial to have preferred a malicious and .411-founded accgfation against his commander in chief, was not by any means to be regarded as the object of personal honour or of pecuniary reward, however the mortifying, the low, the abjelt date into which he had differed his padionsto plunge him, might give him feme claim to private pity. The honourable vice admiral’s Ihua* lion had excited his companion, the honourable vice admiral might reject his sympathy, but he could not prevent him from feeling that sentiment.

But to what, said he, are the counsels, debates, argu-perns, and reasonings of this House arrived, when a proposal of mitigation of puoiflunent, when emotions of pity are con* {trued into a proof of the innocence of a person, declared to be a false and malicious accgfer, or into a bribe to induce him to acknowledge his guilt by silence under a fenteoce, coming from the first authority, and which no subsequent trial can possibly weaken the force of ? The honourable vice admiral, he observed, had boaded of his having g6nc singly and alone into the middle of the French fleet, and of hi* having fought his way to the end of their line. No one fub-je$ tb?t had ever in the whole conrfe of his life challenged his notice, had been dudied by him with so much attention and so much care, as the transactions of the 27th of July, bccagfe the honour and the life of the Reared friend he had on earthy. made thpfc transitions of the mod serious importance to him i and whenever so exalted, so virtuous a man, a man tyr whom he felt the mod ardent esteem, and the

warmed friendship, was put into a situation of danger, and his life set upon the hazard of a trial, he felthimfeif irrefifti, bly impelled to give him every possible countenance and support (though the support of conscious virtue was all that Admiral Keppel needed, and God knew, no man possessed conscious virtue in a higher degree) and to share per Ton ally with him in the perils of the conflict, and in the disgrace or honour of the event. He had not only been present at the trial, and ltdeped to the minuted particular of the evidence with the mod attentive ear, but he had read every syllable that had

come

A. iy8i« DEBATES

:ome from the press upon the subject, that bore any thing ' like the (lamp of authority. He had perused the three trials, [the one published by the judge advocate, the other published by the (fiort-hand writer employed for Admiral Keppel, and the third published by the vice admiral) over and over, in or* der to make himself compleatly mailer of the subject 3 h^ could therefore with the fullest confidence alien, that the charge brought against his noble and worthy friend was malicious and ill-fouuded. What was the charge in onepartbut a charge of negligence ? A charge of negligence urged against Admiral FCeppel, the moil diligent of all men 1 But the honourable vice admiral has said, that he failed iingly and alone into the midst of the enemy's fleet, inferring from that, that he was neglected, and meant to be sacrificed. In order to prove to the House what had been before proved to the satisfaction of the court-martial, viz. that this assertion was altogether ill founded, Mr Burke said, he would read an extra& or two from the trial, {hewing, that so far from the Formidable being left alone in this perilous situation, as the honourable vice admiral would have the House imagine, the Formidable was^followed so closely by some ships, and Jed on by others, that it was with the utmost difficulty mischief was prevented, either from the ships running foul of each other, or one or other of them receiving the fire of those that were nearest.

Mr. Burke here took up the printed copy of Admiral Kep-pel's trial, and read extra<fls from the evidence of Capt. La-forey, who then commanded the Ocean,1 Sir Richard Bicker-ton, captain of the Terrible, Capt. Maitland, of the Eliza* beth, and other officers, in order to shew that the Formidable was at one time so situated, that one ship was obliged to bear up, land (hoot a-head of her, another to backen her mizen top-fails, to prevent coming on board her, and that another slackened her fire, because, had (he continued it, (he mud neccflafily have fired directly into her. Mr. Burke dwelt on the result of these extracts for some time, and said it thence was evident, that so far from the Formidable being left alone, The was jammed in among a crowd of ships, that were at hand to support her; but even if it were true, that the admiral had rushed like a lion singly and unsupported amid ft the French fleet, and after he had passed them, had turned back again with the fury of a British bull dog, as his honourable friend—he begged pardon—the honourable officer (for when he was to choose, which he was to adhere to as his friend in future, the honourable commodore, who had thought proper Vol. XVIII. I i i to

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

to go into new connexions, connexions with those who had nearly ruined their country, or the honourable admiral, the objex of his esteem, his respex, and his admiration, he had no difficulty in making his eleXion) but if the vice admiral’s conduX had been such as the honourable commodore had described, what would be the true colour of it ?—it would be brave^ it would be daring *, it might have entitled a young officer to great praise on the score of his courage, but would it have refleaed any honour on the vice admiral as a commander, and as the leader of a division of a great fleet ? Let the House consider the essential difference between the one charaXer and the other. Let them consider that what would become the first, would greatly misbecome the second ! That prudence and (kill in a commander, are as essential as jperfonal courage; to rush finely into battle with impetuous, fury, without having taken meauires to be properly sustained, neither shewed great {kill nor great prudence ! if the vice admiral therefore bad been warranted to claim the fort of merit which he bad af-ifumed, and which he trusted he had proved did not belong to him, even then he muff, from* his own shewing, appear to the House to have aXed in a manner not confident with. his duty as commander of the blufc squadron.

Mr. Burke next went on to an examination of the (entence of the court-martial which tried Admiral Keppel, and endeavoured to prove that the court had not only acquitted the admiral unanimously, but that they had also unanimously given it as their opinion, that the charge was malicious and ill-founded. In order to do this, he read the sentence, and divided it logically into the premises and the conclusion. He said, the part of the sentence which Hated that the court t€ having heard the evidence, and maturely and.seriously considered the whole, are of opinion that the charge is malicious and ill-founded : it having appeared that the said admiral, fb far from having, by inifconduX and neglex of duty, on the days therein alluded to, loft opportunity of rendering essential service to the state, and thereby tarniflied the honour of the British navy, behaved as became ajudicious, a brave and experienced officerwas undoubtedly the premises, or the ascertained faXs; from the whole of which they deduced the consequence, or conclusion, expressed in these words: " The court do therefore unanimously and honourably acquit the said Admiral Augustus Keppel oTthe several articles contained in the charge against him, &c. &c." It was impossible, he contended, to separate the oneirom the other, because, in faX,

such

A* 1781

DEBATES.

such a reparation would be to make downright nonsense of the whole, or to falsify the conclusion, which, beyond all dispute, as the main part of the sentence, could have no foundation but in the premises, and must be vitiated and impeachbd in proportion as the premises were vitiated and impeached. If the premises were general and co-extensive to the accused and the accuser, the epithets of force used in the conclusion must be equally general and equally co-extensive.

Having put this argument with wonderful ingenuity, and reasoned upon it with that splendour of ability which Mr. Burke is peculiarly gifted with, he indulged himself rather in a ridiculous than a serious refutation of the arguments that had been used, not only to prove that vice admiral Sir Hugh Palliser was not declared to have preferred a malicious and ill-founded accusation by the unanimous opinion of the court-martial which tried Admiral Keppcl, but that Sir Hugh Palliser was honourably acquitted by his own court-martial. The grounds of argument refled on by Mr. Miller were the chief objects of Mr. Burke’s irony. He said, that gentleman had very ingeniously shewn the House a new mode of argument; he had held that unanimity was liable to suspicion; that a bare acquittal was at least equal to an unanimous and honourable acquittal; but that an acquittal, accompanied with censure was much better than eifiler a bare or an unanimous acquittal. The honourable gentleman, heobserved, had stretched his argument within a ftiort, a very short, limit of its extremity; he had only to have added, in order to have compleated his own climax, that a condemnation was heft of all, and that on the fame principles that had governed his other positions, viz. that " an acquittal by a majority, was "better than a rash and goo^-natured unanimity." If this new doctrine were subscribed to, he for one was ready to admit that Sir Hugh Palliser’s acquittal was much more honourable than that of Admiral Keppel. But as the House was, or at lead ought to be looked up to, as a solemn and au-> gufl assembly, and as the present subject of difeufiion would probably be regarded without doors, both now and hereafter, as a very serious parliamentary topic, a topic on the disposal of which the future prosperity of the navy of England depended, he hoped the House would not be Jed away from the true slate of the argument, by distin£tions more remarkable for their ingenious ablurdity, than for their solidity, power Of coqviction, or alliance to fair reasoning.

I i i 2

He

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&1

He next adverted to the sentence of Sir Hugh Palliser, and the comments that had been made upon it by the noble lord in the blue ribbon, and other gentlemen. He added the declaration of Admiral Keppel’s court-martial, respecting the vice admiral, to the part of the sentence of that of Sir Hugh Pafifer, (which pointed out the vice adnfral’s mifeondud,) and said, the result of the two in the scale of censure, was that the vice admiral had been guilty of three distinct acts of misconduct; Admiral Keppel’s court-martial had given it as their opinion, that he had preferred a false and malicious charge, and his own Court-martial had charged him expressly with having been guilty of negleil of duty, in having omitted to inform the commander in chief of the date of the Formidable by the Fox frigate. The part of the sentence of the court-martial which tried Admiral Keppcl, had been declared extrajudicial. That was not the question before the House* Had not the court or courts perfectly competent to pronounce such an opinion, declared the charge to be malicious and ill-founded ? Could any man deny that the court had declared fb? Would any man avow that the honour and veracity of the court was in any degree quedionable ? What then was the amount of the declaration, that the sentence of Admiral Keppel’s court-martial, inasmuch as it censured vice admiral Sir Hugh Palliser, was extrajudicial and unwarrantable, but a libel ? And here he wished the House to consider that libels derived their power of virulence, of venom, and of effect, in proportion to the degree of weight with which they were committed to circulation; a parliamentary libel mud necessarily be the worst of all libels; that House therefore ought to pause at the threshold, to consider where they were goings and to consult their reason, whether it was confident with their dignity, agreeable to truth, or wife in itself, to adopt the libel iuggeded against Admiral Keppel’s court-martial, and give it their countenance.

He next went into a consideration of the arguments held by Commodore Johndone. He particularly defended Admiral Keppcl for having forgiven the vice admiral at fird, and for having afled confidently with that forgiveness afterwards* He said, that Admiral Keppel could not do otherwise than fail a second time with the vice admiral of the blue, after he had once made up his mind to the forgiving and overlooking his ipifcondu& on the 27th of July, a day which he was leady to acknowledge, was not a day of triumph to this country; but then the quedion naturally arose,—to whom was it af-

cribable,

4

42*

A. 1781. DEBATES*

cribable, 'that it had not been a day of triumph and a day of glory} The fault must lay either at the door of his dear and honourable ^friend. Admiral Keppel, or at the door of the vice admiral! Where were the people of England, the injured people of England, to look for evidence, and conviction, of the fact, which of the two it was that was criminal ? Where, but to the sentences of the two courts-martial! ben-tences delivered on oath by men of high honour, unimpeachable integrity ^nd undoubted knowledge of the subject* What laid the court-martial that tried Admiral Keppel ? Had, they not acquitted him honourably and unanimously, and declared the charge malicious and ill-founded ? Did the,court-martial that tried the vice-admiral acquit him honourably and unanimously ? No. They pronounced a very different judgment; they expressly condemned him, and declared,him guilty of misconduct ! The people of England therefore must fee where the blame was due.

He ridiculed Commodore Johnston’s afiertion, that if hi* father, his brother, his son, or his dearest friend, was guilty of miscondu£t or neglect of duty, he’d punish him agreeable to the laws of the service; this, Mr. Burke said, was fine theory and good doctrine in speculation, it founded well, but it signified nothing; every man’s heart must tell him that it was not in human nature to carry such theory rigidly into practice. A thousand reasons would naturally suggest themselves, every one of them tending to the honour of Admiral Keppel, and tending to prove his noble mindedness and generosity in forgiving Sir Hugh Palliser’s fnft neglect, and in failing with him a second time: but if no other weic to be found, than an expectation that such lenient treatment would operate on a generous mind, so as produce more care in future, and inspire an anxioufness to expiate past errors by present good conduCl; that alone was a reason sufficiently strong to bear out the matter in question. With regard to the public illuminations that took place on the news of Admiral Keppcl’s acquittal reaching London, he knew as well as the honourable commodore, that the people did not rejoice because the trial proved that the 27th of July was a day of triumph to Great Britain. No—they rejoiced, because they’ saw that a gallant officer, a worthy and an honest man had escaped from the malice of his accufcr \ because so respectable, so excellent a public character, was acquitted with honour, and becadfe generofkv, linceriry, and virtue, had gained a victory over malice, treachery, and mcannels! These, and these only, were thecaufcs of the public illuminations and rejoicings

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

joiceings; and what honest Englishmen was there, whole bo-fom would not expand with the highest satisfaction and the most exalted rapture on such an occasion

In treating of Admiral KeppelV court-martial, and commenting upon the evidence, Mr. Burke took occasion to allude to Mr. Jackson, the judge advocate, whom he described as an honest, polite, and respectable man, but said, Mr.

iackfon and he were equally {killed in nautical affairs, having oth studied in the fame school, to which reason he aferibed Mr. Jackson’s not having summoned the proper witnesses on Sir Hugh Palliser’s trial. Mr. Buike ridiculed Lord North for the awkward and tedious manner, in which he had prepared and moved the amendment, creating a laugh, by charging the noble lord with being employed in knotting and fph-cing the motion, and in hilling the maftof it, ooferving at the same time, that he need not have fired a gun to leeward, as a signal of distress, it being pretty obvious, that his mizen top-masts were shot away. Mr. Burke finished, with declaring, the motion had his hearty assent, as originally moved by his honourable friend.

Jtt.hon. T. Right Honourable T. <Townshend infilled with great ani-nation on the virtues of Admiral Keppel, which he contrafted with the condu£l towards him of the governor of Greenwich-Hospital. He said, Lord North and -others impeached the court-martial. He was very severe on Commodore Jjohnftone. He was not afraid to encounter his arguments, but he did dread his venomous prarife. Being told that he was in the gallery, he said, I am glad that he nears me, I will raise 'my voice, that he may hear me distinctly; I am glad that he knows my opinion of him, &c.

Mr. Wal- Mr. JVallace, Attorney-General, said, that condemning bet. Sir Hugh Pailifer of malice, was subversive of all order and justice. He acknowledged that he had said, at a time when ' he did not know all the truth, and when there was a popular

rage against Sir Hugh Pailifer, if any minister was so irapru-v dent as to employ him at that moment, he deserved to be

accused, or some such thing he said; and said he, I do. not say that the t.mes are changed, or that popular fury abated; 1 do not say, that I know they arc changed. If they were, to be sure that would make a material difference. In the mean time I maintain my consistency of conduct, by observing that the governorship of Greenwich-Hospital is not a very efficient office. It is not a military office, I ask what

naval

A. i^81* DEBATES* 33

naval (kill or courage are requisite for the government of Greenwich-Hospital

Sir Fletcher Norton knew that the manner in which he had sir conveyed the thanks of the Hoafe would be a subject of ob- Norton. lervation, and perhaps Of censure. But he would always prefer his duty to every consideration whatever. He acknowledged a former connexion with Sir Hugh Palliser, never- ' theless he thought it his duty, when he than||pd Admiral Keppel, to use the strong language of the court-martial, however displeaiing it might be to Sir Hugh or others. As to Sir Hugh’s not being tried for malice, or heard upon that subjeH, was he not heard on it when he laid before the House, and pressed home by every argument, all the evidence by which he supported his charge? For if his evidence was lame, and even trifling, what other motive would be af&gned for his conduit bclides malice ? For malice is an act or disposition of the mind, which cannot be proved by direct evidence, and can only, be inferred from alts or expressions.

These were before the court-martial; and from these they inferred malicious intention. What, though their sentence might be called extrajudicial? It was not properly any sentence at all. It was an opinion; but an opinion formed in such circumltaiices as to be equivalent to a sentence, and as operative on the minds of men. But why should this sentence be termed extrajudicial/ The forms of Westminster-hall were not necessary to the decisions of justice. Tlfe usage of any court constituted the law of that court; and the usage of courts martial constituted the law of courts martial.

Indeed this usage necessarily arose out of the circumstances of sea-officers, who had no other way of trying and stigma- tizing malicious accusers.

Mr. Mansfield said, that however the forms of justice Mr might vary, justice itself was invariable; and it was an eiTen-/(Af. tial part of justice, that every man should have an opportunity of answering to any charge that might be brought against him. The motives of accusers might be various; they might be misinformed; they might misconceive things; they might be credulous; though a charge might not be supported, it did not follow that it originated in malice; the person who brings such a charge may shew that malice could Inot be his motive, by shewing what his real views and motives were.

Mr. Dunning said, that Sir Hugh Palliser and his friends Mr. were obliged to Mr. Fox for his motion; for after that

should

43*

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

should be negatived,’ as he prefuraed it would be, rainifterc would dare to do what they would not dare to do otherwise.

It had been asserted, that it was allowed on all hands, that Sir Hugh Palliser had been condemned of malice without being heard. That was not the case. That position had been denied in as strong terms as the decorum due from one gentleman to another would permit. He was heard on the charge of malice, when he was encreasing his malice by every new effort to bring Admiral Keppel to condemnation and death. The officers that tried Admiral Keppel were competent to judge of Sir Hugh Palliler’s motives, therefore their opinion was of equal weight whether judicial or extrajudicial. That it was extrajudicial he did not thinkfor the form of different courts wrere different; and though it had been argued, that it was elsential to all justice that no man should be condemned without being arraigned, a formal ac-culation was not necessary; and, with regard to Sir Hugh 1 Palliser’s case, he had in fact been his owfn accuser; for if he could pot prove a charge, nor make good what he under* took, which he mufl have known whether he would be able to do or not, he would Be actuated only by malignant passions.

He took notice of the very honourable acquittal of Admiral Keppel. Men in opposition* perhaps to the views of policy and fclf-interest, under the lively imprefHons of truth and justice, had made a very noble sacrifice to the cause of justice. Mr. Dunning was very pleasant upon,the nttomey-general. He knew, he said, and’had foretold that the ingenuity of the learned gentleman had provided some hole for I escape, when he had talked of impcaching the minister who should dare to employ Sir Hugh Palliser; and now it appeared that he had a very wide gate for getting out of the ferape. For unless ministry had employed Sir Hugh Palliser, at the very moment he made that declaration, he could plead that times and circumstances had altered.—u Tempora matan-tur, tsf nos mutamurin tills "

Lord FreJt- Lord Ficdcrick Campbell said he should be on the fiJe of *ick Comp- justice, and should vote for the amendment, because he never tll% would accede to the do£trine, that any man in this country in any court, either a court-martial or a court of liW, could be deemed guilty of any specific crime without a trial, or being heard in his own defence; he therefore should vote for the amendment.

At

A.' 1781,

DEBATES.

43'r

At a quarter after two o’clock in the niorning, the question on the amendment was put, and the House divided; for the amendment 214, against it 14^. The main question was agreed to Mr. Fox moved to mfert the following after the words heard in his defence

" That the Judge Advocate having by the direction of the said court, .declared that it did not occur to the recollection of any of the members, that it had been the usage of courts martial to admit any thing on the part of the accuser, after declaring that he had gone through. all the witnesses he should produce in support of the charge, and that he had agreed that the papers offered by the accuser, could not be admitted; and the said court having, in another part of the said trial, declared, that they had continued of the fame opinion, and had agreed that tnc whole evidence, not only on the part of the charge, but of the defence, had been elofed, nothing farther by way of add refs from cither, could be read."

This amendment was over-ruled, by the motion for the or~ tier of the day, to which the House agreed.

February

No debate., Adjourned to the 6th.

February 6.

No debate.

February 7.

Heard counsel.on the Coventry election.

February 8.

Mr. JenkinfoHy Secretary at War, informed the House that there were fomc alterations made in the mutiny a ft, two of which being material, he thought it right to state what they were, as no alterations ought to be made in an act of so much importance, without the concurrence of the House. The first alteration was the total omission Qf the word <c Ireland" in the act, an omission, 'which the' learned gentleman appointed to draw up and prepare the bill had judged proper, because that the Irish legislature had last year introduced clauses in their mutiny aft, tending to goyern and regulate the management of the quartering soldiers, and other matters relative to military discipline, when at a distance from the capital; the continuing to extend the British mutiny aft tp Ireland was therefore no longer necessary. The other material alteration was, the introduction of a clause delegating an authority to hold a general court-martial to the first in comr jnand at any place at a distance from the commander in chief

yoj,. XVIII. KU in

43+

Sit PH

fennirgt

CUrkt.

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

iq Jodi a. Heretofore the Secretary said, if a court-martial was qeceflary at Bombay, or at any of the company’s settle-ments on the coast of Coromandel, it could not be held there, but the parties mu A be sent to Bengal, where the commander in chief of his Majesty’s forces in India was statiooed.

. Sir Philip Jennings Gierke said, .he hoped, that in delegating the power talked of by the honourable gentleman, care had been taken that officers were to be tried by courts martial, composed of officers of higher, and not of inferior rank to themselves.

Sir George Sir George Tongt said, that what the Secretary at War had

dropped concerning the oraiffion of the vyord " Ireland," in the bill, appeared to him to be of very feripus importance, and required very mature consideration. before it was agreed to If it was intended that this country should give .up all claim to legislation oyer Ireland, he thought it would be better to declare such an intention, and do it at once. He could oev?r approve of the idea of giving it up, bit by bit, by incidental acts of Parliament. He therefore wished the House would not hastily settle the question, but go into it, examine it with the attention due to its importance, and make a solemn decw lion upon the subject.

Con. Smith. General Smith agreed with the Secretary at War in the propriety of delegating the power of holding courts martial in India, in the manner that he bad statel, and said such a regulation had been long and greatly wanted in that country.

The bill was read a first time. '

The House next heard evidence respecting the Coventry election.

7 February g.

No debate. Adjourned to the lath.

February 12.

Gen,Smith.. General Smith. Mr, Speaker, it is not my intention to make any apology to this House for calling the attention of it to the petitions now on your table *. The subject is too important to require it, but I am very free to declare, that on this occasion, no personal motives whatsoever influence my mind; I disclaim every idea of personality^ Lam impelled by motives of justice and humanity, to give such a representation of fa<5b, as I trull will make their impression upon the members of this House, and from thence will appear the absolute necessity of coming to feme speedy determination relative to the very distradled Hate of our government in Bengal and its subordinate provinces.

Set the petitions at the end of the debate.

Before

A. 1781* DEBATES.

Before, Sir, I enter into the present state of thejurifol&ioa of the supreme court of legislature, it may he necessary to describe what was the state of jurrl'diction in Bengal, before the supreme court was established.

The mayor's court of Calcutta decided all catrfes of mum and txum; it eonftfted of a mayor and nine aldermen,appointed by the governor and council, from the inhabitants of Calcutta; they were appointed for life, unless for misbehaviour, 6cc. and then they might be removed, but any alderman so removed had his appeal to the king in council. I believe the decisions of that court, were in general very upright* The very few appeals from it serve to confirm me in my opinion. The chief just ice, on the opening of the supreme court of judicature, paid many high compliments to the decisions of the mayor's' courtj then to be abolished. The sessions of Oyer and Terminer were held by the governor and council as the king’s justices; I believe I may lately say, that their conduct as judges was without reproadi; they decided upon all occasions to the best of thetr judgment, and justice was ever tempered with mercy.

in the internal provinces, courts of Adawlet and PhonfdeffrJ were established when the civil and criminal jurisdiction was exercised betwixt native and native, subject to the controul of the provincial councils, and from whole decisions, if any person thought himself injured, he might appeal to the governor and council of Fort William, who by the charter were invested with, the fopfeme authority.

This Was the state of the respectivejurisdi&iens in Bengal when the supreme court of judicature, instituted by virtue of an act of parliament of the 13th year of his present Majesty was opened in Calcutta. It is impossible, Sir, to speak of the oftabHshment of that court, and pass oVer in silence the first remarkable judgment; I mean the case of the Rajah Nund-comar. I do not mean to enter folly into the merits of this extraordinary case, I have my own decided opinion upon it $ but Rajah Nundcomar was indicted for forgery, a forgery committed many years before the establishment of the supreme Court of judicature; he was found guilty, condemned and executed. Let us compare the eondufl of the judges of the fu-pneme court with that of the governor and council fitting as jtiftkes, in the year 1762.

Radachum Metre, a Gentoo inhabitant of Calcutta, was tried for a so r ' 5 ’ ’ T’’ 1

inhabitants

Kkk 2

•governor

Parliamentary

governor and council, dating, that by their laws, forgery was not a crime to be punished with death; the terrors which every inhabitant of that country would be under, if the laws of England, which were contrary to their laws, customs, and religion, should opperate so as to afie& their lives, and therefore mod earnestly -requeued the governor and council to fiif-pend the execution of the sentence, and to recommend Rada-chum Metre to his Majesty’s royal clemency. - The governor and council wifely complied with the prayer of the petition, and thereby gave his Majesty an opportunity of exercising the brightest attribute of his crown, by extending his royal mercy; and a pardon was granted to Kadachum Metre.

Now if there ever was any one case more peculiarly fitting to be submitted to his Majesty’s decifionthan another, I do conceive it to be the case of the Rajah Nundcomar; a man who had been the prime minister of that country, a man of very high rank, with respect to his particular cast; condemned for a crime committed so many years before the establishment of the fiipreme court, and upon an act, that tt has been said, does not extend to the East Indiesj add to this, that the principal evidence against him was a man of notorious -bad character. If to all these circumstances, we keep jn our remembrance, that it was the first remarkable sentence since the establishment of the supreme court of judicature; I do conceive it would have been highly just, as well as politic, to have given his Majesty an occasion of exercising his judgment, and in that case 1 have not a doubt, but the Rajan Nundcomar, would have experienced the fame royal clemency as was extended to Radachurn Metre. The execution of Nundcomar will, I hope, point out the abfohjte necessity of granting an-authority to the council of state, to respite any sentence of death passed by the supreme court, until his Majesty’s pleasure shall be known.

Sir, the petitions on the table, complain of an extension of the jurisdiction of the supreme court of legislature, beyond what they are impowerea to exercise by the act or by the charter, i have read the charter with attention, and I have diligently perused the records of the company. I am convinced, that it never was the indention of Parliament, wh^n the act was passed, to subjectc the native inhabitants of Bengal, &c. to the British laws. Peruse the act, and fee how very cautiously it is worded. The supreme court are absolutely xeft rained from exercising jurisididlion oyer the natives, unleU i,. they

s

Ai i]8u DEBATES.

they each* shall sign an agreement to submit to the jurisdiction of the court, British subjects, or indi»

re£Uy, employed in the service of the, or of any of our -

jetlsy are the only objects of the jurisdiction of the supreme court. From the judges constru£lion of who are employed di-reBly or indirectty, has arisen all these disputes which have been carried to such a length, that the governor general and council, have thought it necessary to interfere, and place a limit to the jurisdiction of the court, and then to appeal to parliament by petition for an act of indemnity.

To convince this House of the intolerable bardships which the inhabitants of Bengal now labour under, from the aflu-med jurisdiction of the court, I shall beg leave to state forne very {hiking instances. The first happened in the province of Dacca. Dacca is a province remarkable for the flatness of its surface, and when the periodical rains set in, it was not uncommon, (for the torrents which poured down with great rapidity from the mountains to thercaftward) to overflow the banks, and sometimes to force a new channel for the river*

It io happened, that thiscircumstanceoccured not long fine#. As soon as the rainy season fubflded, the Rajah through whose possessions the river had formerly flowed, cultivated the old bed, and by proper means prepared it for agriculture. At the same time, another Rajah sent his. men to plough and low part of the fame spot. When the time of harvest came, they both assembled an armed force to colle£l the crop; feme people were killed on both (ides and the harvest was reaped by him who first began to cultivate. A complaint was made to the provincial council of Dacca. The cause was in hearing. That Rajah who had been the aggreifor, finding that he could not support his pretensions in the country court, applied to the supreme court at Calcutta : and upon a firftple affidavit. Warrants were granted against two of the principal officers of that Rajah who reaped the crop, to apprehend them as mur- derers. They were apprehended and brought to Catcutta very soon after the assizes; thfe counsel for these prisoners..offered bail; no bail was accepted; they were loaded with such heavy irons, that the counsel represented there were apprehensions of a mortification. After five months confinement, the assizes were held. The prosecutors were not prepared for trial. Bail was again offered, but not admitted. After twelve months imprisonment, they were brought to trial; the coun- fel for the prisoners, upon the cross examination of the very '’first evidence called on the part of the prosecution, clearly proved, that these two unhappy men were not within the ju-

rifdidion

PARLIAMENTARY a. 178 r.

rifdiction of the court; no other evidence was examined and they were of eonrfe discharged. f mention these circum-fhmees with more confidence, because that very evidence, and the learned cowrie! who defended the prisoners, are at this time members of this Hoofe 1 shall only add on this subject, that on application to the supreme court for redrefe and reparation, the judge declared he could give no redress nor reparation, becartrfe the prosecutor was not within the jurisdiction of the court. The Rajah, who defended the cause of his servants, declared- that the defence cost him near 3000I.

The next mfhnce which I shall state to the Hcrufe, is what relates to the Patna cause, but as the publication of aD those proceedings is intended, I /Hall state it briefly.

Shah Abas Beg, a Peril an, who had formerly served in our armes with some reputation, dies at Patna; he leaves a can-filler able property; his widow and his neptew claim the inhe* ritance; suits are preferred to the provincial council of Patna* who issue an order to the Caxies and Mufties, (who are the expounders of the Mahecnedan law, and receive a monthly fttpend as a fabry of office,) to examine into the allegations and to report according to their laws and usages. The Ca-zies and Mufties make their report, that by their law, the nephew as heir, is entitled to three fourths, and the widow to one fourth of the efle&s of the deceased. The provincial council make a decree in consequence, and order it to be car* vied into execution. The widow was- not satisfied with the decision. The Mufties report to the council, that she throws impediments to the execution of the decree; the provincial council enforce their order, and after some few days the widow appoints a vaqued or agent to act for bet, and the decree is executed. The widow, not pleased with the decision of the provincial council, applied to the fapreme court at Calcutta, not by way of appeal, for appeals could only be brought before the governor general and council, but I believe, obtained writs of trespass against the Mahomedan do6h>rs of the law, and the nephew, it being a bailable offence, the governor general and council, thinking llieir authority invaded, ordered the provincial council of Patna to give bail for the appearance of the Cazies and Mufties, being the Maiouiedan law officers of government, and the provincial council entered into recognizances for 36000L At length the cause w*s tried by the supreme court of judicature. Bebadar Beg, the nephew, pleaded not subject to the jurisdiction; his plea was ^ver-ruled* because be uw, or bad ken a faimer of land under

ife

A. 178 r* DEBATES.

the company, or security to a farmer. The Mahometan dofters of

Jaw flated, that they acted under the appointment of the pre-45 dent and council; that it was qfual and customary, to decide causes betwixt Mahomedans by the Mussulman law; that they thought themselves legally authorized to give opinions* ana to obey the Perwannah or orders of the provincial council of Patna. They also hated the powers of the present governor general and council, given by act of Parliament, and that the governor general and council, continued to intrust the administration of justice in the Bahar province to the provincial council, and to fuifer the Mahomcdan doctors to exercise the powers before described. The judges of the supreme court decide, that the proceedings of the Cazies and Mufties were illegal, because they acted by the authority of a council, which council possessed only a delegated authority, and which they could not possibly delegate to others, quoting it as an established maxim in the law* that delegatus non po~ tejl delegare e.upon this principle, judgment was pronoun-

ced in favour of the widow again!! Bebadar Beg, the Mufties, and Cazies, and damages decreed to the amount of 300001. In consequence of this judgment, the provincial council of Patna gave pp the parties. They were sent down prisoners\to Calcutta, a distance of 400 miles. The Cawzie funk under the weight of his misfqrtunes, and died on the road. The others were not so happy. They survived their journey, only to be sent to the common gaol, sentenced to perpetual imprisonment, for in such light I must regard it, since from the exceflivcdamages decreed, it is impossible they should be ever liberated, unless by the interposition with the British legislature. This Sir, is another of the hlejfedeffeSIs of the transported laws of freedom.

I come now, Sir, to the third instance, and which has been the immediate cause of the petition to this House, from the cpvernor general and council of Bengal. The Rajah of Coflijurah is the most considerable and moil ancient zemindar of the deftrift of Midcnpoor. Coilinaut Baboo, his relation, and a considerable merchant of Calcutta, had teen for many years the Rajah’s security for the payment of his revenues. Some disputes jarife between the Rajah and his security, on the adjustment of their accounts. Coilinaut makes a batlance due to him of fifteen thousand pounds, and applies to the governor general and council for their aifift-anee to recover his debt. They fend this account to the Rajah and desire ap explanation, who produces an account

on

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781'.

on his part, which makes Coffinaut his debtor. Coffinaut, not satisfied with the proceedings of the governor general and council, and deeming the process of the supreme court of judicature, a more efficacious mode of obtaining his balance, obtains a writ against the Rajah. The governor and council general were alarmed at this proceeding of the supreme court, because they conceived it to be an extenlion of jurisdiction not granted by the charter. They took the advice of their advocate general, and for the reasons assigned in their petition, determined to interpose that authority ‘with which they were invested by parliament. The Rajah of Coffijurah, terrified at the idea of being subjected to the jurisdiction of a court, whose laws and language were to him totally unknown, orders his vaqueel or flgent to adopt the necessary measures. He, the vaqueel, applied to an attorney, with an intention to plead, that the Rajah was not subject to the jurisdiction of the court. The vaqueel was also ordered to learn from the governor general and council, in what manner' the Rajah was to conduct hirafelf on this extraordinary dilemma. The governor general and council positively direct him not to admit of any writ being served on him, and to declare that he was not amenable to the jurisdiction of the court. A sheriffs officer with fomc armed men are sent to the Rajah’s fortref* to execute the writ. The Rajah summonses his dependants, and the sheriffs officer is infoimed, that no writ from the supreme court can be executed there, the Rajah not being fob-jeffc to the jurisdiction of the court. The bailiff takes poll ia a gateway, and fends intelligence to the sheriff of Calcutta, of his inability to execute the writ. A reinforcement of sixteen European Teamen, and sixty natives, all armed with muskets, pistols, swords, &c. is lent to the assistance,of the bailiff. As soon as the governor general and council were informed of such a force being sent to execute the writ of the supreme court on^the Rajah of Coffijurah, thpy sent their orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Auchmuty, who commanded a military fUtion in that neighbourhood, to detach two companies of fcapoys to the assistance of the Rajah, and to take prisoners all persons who iwere employed with or under the orders of the sheriffs officer. But the reioforpement to tine sheriffs officer had enabled him to execute his writ of sequestration, on the lands and property of the Rajah, to the amount of thirty thousand pounds. I shall uot at present enlarge upon the mode and manner in which this writ was executed; I shall only observe in the very words of the petition;

A. DEBATES.

tition " That in the execution of the writ* the apartitfenfs allotted to the female part of the R?jah*s family, which are ever held sacred in this country, were forcibly entered* his temple broke open and polluted, and the image of his worship thrift into a basket, and deported with mixed lumber, under he seal of the court. Such acts are accounted instances of thejgroffeft violation and sacrilege, according to the principle* and persuasions of the inhabitants of tliei'e provinces* and have been never known to have been authorised with impunity by the mod despotic of their Mahomedan rulers." And to this I rauftjadd their comment: It is to be lamented that;

such a reproach should have fallen on the professors of the ’ miljd and benevolent dictates of the Chrifliaif dispensation, not fis the elsefls of a wanton abuse of authority; but as the -

ry and unavoidable operation of a foreign iawy in the barbarous attempt to force it on a conquered pSoon after the writ of iequestration had been executed, the detachment from Colonel Auchiputy’s camp arrived under the command of Lieut. Bun-ford, who takes prisoners without bloodshed, the whole party that supported the sheriffs officer. An account is sent to the governor general and council, of the execution of their order? : the whole party are sent prisoners to Calcutta, and on their arrival there are iet at liberty. The supreme court were incensed at this resistance to their authority, but as the governor general and council were placed by law above their jorifdidion, they appear resolved to shew the utmost extent of their displeasure against all those who obeyed the orders of the council. They commit the attorney of the company, Mr. Naylor, to gaol, and twenty interrogatories are made to him whilil in prison, to disclose the secrets of his clients, the governor general and council, on behalf the India Company; interrogatories, that are equal to the spirit of any inquisition in Europe.

A writ is issued against Lieut. Bunford, who commanded die detachment sent to the relief of the Rajah of Coffijurah; the governor and council general fend their positive orders to Lieutenant Colonel Auchmuty not to suffer any writ to be executed in his camp upon himself or any other person whatsoever, for the execution of their orders relative to the Rajah of Coffijurah. Auchmuty forms a line of continel9, round his camp, with orders that no Granger whatsoever is to be admitted. An officer from the supreme eourt arrives with the warrant; he is flopped at the advanced poll; he fends liis name, and delivers a copy of that claule of the Voii XVIII. LII charter,'

444

I

PARLIAMENTARY A. *781.

\ * chatter, which commands all officers, civil and military, to be aiding, affixing, and obedient in all things to thd fujJVerne court, as they will answef the contrary at their pprilf ’ T be officer of the supreme court was ordered to depart from the camp, with this information, u that it was the orders of Yhc governor-general and courtcil, not tp admit of any writ ht~ ing executed for any act done by those who 6beytd dsiir Orders, relative to the Rajah of Comjurah. 1

From this, detail of fafts, the House wilt jttreerye the anarchy which now prevails'in Bengal. Wfat an at^nqing situation ! The governor-general and council find theqiftlves reduced to the indispensible necessity of a&uatly cmpfoytDg military force* to restrain the jurisdiction assumed' by the judges of the supreme court, the foundation of whose authority is a British act of Parliament. If theft difficulties have ariftn from different constructions of the act itself, it is the strongest argument that I can urge for explaining and amending that act of Parliament. The very fdea of enforcing the laws of Great Britain upon the natives of In* I doftan, has, in my mind, something so incompatible with common sense, with justice and with good policy, ihat f cannot fuflfer myself to reason upon the subject. Buf, Sir* the disagreeable situation of upwards of five hundred officers of the army in Bengal, demand our immediate/ attention; and I should think myself very much wanting in my duty to those gallant men who formerly served under roe, if I did not embrace the most early occasion to relieve them from their embarrassment. As officers are "now, circuro* stanced, judging from what has already happened, no officer in Bengal can know the exact line of his duty. Contradictory orders are sent to him by the court of judicature^ and by the governor-general and council. He is commanded by a clause in the charter to be aiding, assisting, and obedient in all things to the supreme court, as he wm answCr it at his peril. He is ordered by the governor-general and council, from whom he receives his commission, and who are appointed by Parliament to govern the provinces, not to permit the writs of the supreme court to be executed* Dlfobedience to the one may be construed into a capital fcrime; disobedience to the other, may subject the officer to the severest fenterice of a general court-martial. After this description, I conceive, it Will be unnecessary for me toufe any argument to enforce the propriety of entering immediately into the consideratipp of these matters. But, Sir, I

cannot

A. 1781. DEBATES.

cannot help saying, that I look with a very jealous eye upon any event .whatsoever that tends, even in the most remote degree, to weaken the principle of obedience in the officers of the army in India, to those from whom they receive their commi Hi ons•: that army is instituted upon very different principles, than the armies of the crown. The members of this House in general are, perhaps, not well informed of the difference of the establishmentt. It is a very delicate fub* je& for me to speak upon; but in the service of the India company there does not exsft, there cannot exist, the fame powerful incentives which operate in the King’s service: it has been. construed as a compact between two parties for the performance of certain duties; The officers in that service have in general exceedingly well performed their part of the compact; but ata difUnee so remote from the parent (late,; and where the ties to obedience are not indissoluble, I lay it down as an invariable maxim, that the positive authority of those who grant commissions muff not for a moment admit* of any doubt whatsoever.

I have /hewn forae desire to bring on the consideration of the petitions vyithout delay, and I will state to the House my reasons: a flegt is. now on the point of failing for India; 1 would wish that the first veflei which shall fail from England* after thb Receipt of those petitions, shall carry out die pleasing tidings that this House will take into their most serious. consideration, not only the prayer of those petitions, but the /late of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, as far as relates tp thp extenljon of the jurisdiction of the supreme court. Whatever may be the state of those countries, I am con-, vipced, that when the governor-general and .council, and the inhabitants in general, shall know for a certainty, that at length Parliament has commenced a serious enquiry into their grievances, whether real dr imaginary, I say; I am convinced, ah contention will be instantly Impended. The judges will relax from their attempts to extend their juris^ diction, in expectation of such a clear, decisive line being drawn as ihah mark out its future limits beyond all con-trove rfy; 3nd, in /hort, that all orders of men will wait with just deference and respect to the decision of that power which alone can give them relief, I therefore humbly move you, Sir, " That the petitions be referred t6 a committee.—? That the committee be afele£tone* and that it should meet in a chamber above stairs.-^-That the committee conlift of fif* teen members to be chosen by ballot."

, Mr. BiughtinRouft. I rife. Sir, to freond the motion Mr-

Just made by my honourable friend; and 1 feel a peculiar fa-t<m J Lila tisfaction

4H

PARLIAMENTARY A.

tjsfaction in treading the fame path with him upon this mat* ter, which id of such vast importance to the public intered; an occafiqn so competent to his abilities, and io worthy, of his humanity. Actuated by the fame principles, I have (hared in his anxiety to bring it to a speedy and complete difcullion : confident, that when the wisdom of Parliament is once serious-)y employed, we shall all fee its importance, and all join hear- ttly our endeavours to apply an adequate remedy to the several grievances now dated toexistinonc of our mod valuable possessions. As to myself, 1 should readily acquiesce in any mode of proceeding, which could substantially conduce to this saki-tary purpose. But, as the field we mud enter upon is extremely wide; and the considerations to betaken in before any deciftve plan can be adopted, are numerous and intricate: lam < clearly of opinion, that no method will be so efficacious for bringing every necessary light before the eye of Parliament, as that proposed by my honourable friend, a select committee of the House of Commons. By thischatmel of inquiry, records may be consulted, verbal tedimony procured, and fads ar-ranged, which will bring^the whole business in a proper train for the House to proceed to a delir>erate decision. My object is npt to accuse individuals, but to afford a remedy to ptfbhe evils.

Experience dearly bought. Sir, has in drafted this nation, ar d this honourable House, not to be neglectful of the petitions and remondrances of our fellow subjects, situated in dtf-tant parts of our widely extended dominions. Had we dide-garded as factious, or frivolous, or il grounded, the petitions and remondrances now lying upon our table, and which form the subject of this day’s deliberation j the House of Commons would certainly have departed from its dignity and its just ice. But I rejoice at this moment, to fee a happier principle prevailing; and in the assurance it gives me, that we shall now proceed in this important business with moderation and steadiness, qnfil we have established our Indian government upon such a footing as may be honourable to the nation, and productive of the great advantages which it is in the power of cur discretion pcepfure.

It is (parcel y necessary for me to enlarge Upon the vad importance of the fybjeft now before us. That truth mud dnki forcibly upon every gentleman’s mind, when he reflects, that we are about to decide upon the good government of a country, 150,000 square miles in extent; inhabited by various races and tribes of men, who are diveifified in their religion, usages, manners, and ways of thinking; nations, who were; enlightened by science apd iegiflation very long before our an-'

ccftors

A* 1781. DEBATES.

ceftors had emerged from.barbarism, And every generour feeling of our nature will be excited) when we reflect, that the happiness of ten millions of our fellow creatures now lies 9t stake before us. The native inhabitants of Bengal and a-har complain of the intolerable violation of their customs and religious observances, occasioned by the jurisdictioaof English law courts lately instituted amongst them; such as was never made by former conquerors, ana pray for the Continuance of their ancient laws. Hand in hand with these complaints you have received remonstrances from a very Urge and respe&able body of British subjects, reading in tnofe countries: to whom we owe justice as our fellow subjedb, and Whoseli?ppine& and content) give me leave to say, Sir, deserves our feriout attention) since it is upon them that we mull In a great measur.e rely, for the good management, as'well as the security, of that distant territory. Liftly, you have a petition from your governor general and council, ailing under the sanction of parliamentary appointment; which states to you, that they have been driven to the necessity of employing tpilitkry force to retrain the alarming extension of power attempted by his Majesty's judges; ana praying therefore from this House an indemnity for the violent measures, which they conceived the exigency required for the security of that dominion, intruded to their government.

All these distra&ions have arisen from an act passed in the 13th of his present Majesty. Whatever may have been the Consequeoces, I am ready to acknowledge, that the regulations eft a bl idled by that ad, were formed with the bcift intentions pofHble. Had but the judicial and executive powers of that country co-operated with temper and moderation in defining their several jiirifdi&toos; and had violence been avoided where the law was dubious: much good might have resulted; and his Majesty’s court might have been less obnoxious than it now is, to the East India Company, to those whom the le-giflature has intruded with the administration, or, to those who live under its prote&ion. The object of the act was good, but the system it established was imperfect. I would beg leave to bring back to the recollection of the House, the general temper of things, under which that bill was patted«‘ The House had been tired with very prolix inquiries made before two comn>i^ees, who coHe&ea a great load of materials, and I muftfay, to their honour, of useful well-digested knowledge; and all parties were heartily glad to be rid of the subject, by adopting almost any measures they imagined might $nd to preyent the abuses which had been complained of At

tha

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781%

the same time the minds of men were heated by the reprefeo-tation of writers, who suggested falsehoods or exaggerated truths, to serve the purposes of faction and private revenge; a clamour prevailed against every man connected with the East Indies; and it was thought, that no coercion could be too rigorous or severe. Far be it from me to say. Sir, that there were not abuses in India ! I venerate truth too fUtceitl^ to infinu^te it. I wish there were none now !—But I hawp always thought. Sir, people at that time were^too nasty bp believe that men born of respectable families, and educated like themselves, should difeard every principle of moudify tte instant they felt the Asiatic fun. Because they saw fpmc Qpi preffive anions clearly dated, they were ready to tbii>k ©vefjL one oppressive, which a competent acquaintance w^th tha|r country and its Customs would have shewn to he, perhaps, innocent in iifelf, or, perhaps, a necessary a of ^yentmei|t^ They did not recoiled with fu&cient candour, that cortouefi: is the offspring of violence; that sudden conquest mull aj-ways occasion some oppre&pn, some injust ice, fame rapacity, and rapid acquisition of wealth to its -conduliors; that vie-, scries are gained in a moment, bpt settled government must be the result of time and progjxlEve knowledge. In fliqrt^ £>ir, after submitting these ideas, which I do with the utmost deference, to the better wisdom of the House, I will not fcin-ple to say* that in the mode of applying a reform. Parliament was precipitate, and individuals were intemperate,

It was the expectation of many good men, that an EngJjfli court of law with superior powers would completely, refcuo, the native inhabitants from oppression, and .excite the gratitude of that people for so great and acceptable a prefen t.

Now let us look to the result. Sir. 1 fear the pi&urw which Bengal now exhibits is precisely such as a few dircerp-ing men delineated before ever the jpdges left Great Britain* We fee in that country a seene of ijmverfal difeord fami? lies torn asunder by means of the encouragement which the practice of our English courts must unavoidably afford to a litigious race, as the inhabitants of Bengal are to a very high degree. The anions and dealings of men between one another, formerly done under those ideas of good faith and hq-nefty, which fur ages had regulated their conduct, were novu to be tried by a new test of rectitude. Law> which should be thg^flence of justice, was to be distinguished as one mode of dialing upon the rights of men; equity, as another; a di-ftinciion which no linguist could interpret in any language of that country; and men were to fee their and properties

I adjudge

A. 1781. DEBATES.

adjudged by retrospective laws. One of the first meafutes of that court is already pretty well known in England—I mean the hanging of Raja Nundcomar; a man of the first rank ift the country, formerly prime minister to the sovereign prince of Bengal before the English conquered it, and a bra rain, who inherited reverence by his birth amongst the natives j fdr an jkSI committed many years before the court was militated, and which the laWs of the country do not punish with death. It is superfluous for me to say in this enlightened assembly, that forgery was not made capital even in England, advanced as we are in the arts and refinements of commerce, but by an a 6kOf the late icing, rendered expedient by the cx-teniton of paper credit, and other circumstances of that period. I have heard it said by able men, that this statute of forgery could not extend to India. I presume not to have a judgment upon fb nice a point: but if it be'so, then where doe* the death of that man lie ? However, as to Nundcomar him* self. Sir, he was a bad' man; I knew him personally 5 his destruction may not have been a loft to the community : but* the principle once established, fee where the practice leads. Let the House figure to their minds, that numbers of other* must have been capitally indicted for crimes which the !\da« homed an law would only punish with stripes. Thejurifdtc-tion being once afterted, where can itftop ? It is not then the-fault of the judges; the fault is in the institution : English judges are bound by their oaths to judge by the laws of England 5 an English jury must find a verdict according to the customs of England, and sentence must pass. Thus, Sir,

Animus meminifft borrtt, many may havefuffered death for actions they could not know to be liable to eapital punishment: but, not being men conspicuous in rank, like Nundcomar, they have fallen unnoticed into eternity.

Then, Sir, mark the farther progtefs of this business. Eng-lift bailiffs scattered like locusts over that fruitful country;, inhabitants dragged down to a distance of 506 miles from their friends and families; their customs disregarded; their ancient distin&ions, civil.and religious, annihilated; the prince reduced to the level of his slaves; their hdufes disgraced; the sacred apartments of their women, whom even to behold is disgraceful to them, invaded by ruffian*, armed with the warrants of the supreme court; their* temples polluted 1 and their images, which had enjoyed the veneration' of a timid superstitious people for a long feriesof generations, fazed and defecrated by the touch of impure hands* I am

boU

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1781*

bold to say* Sir* these outrages did not disgrace the government of their impetuous Mahomedan conquerors: but such are the blessings you have given to those numerous nations in your boasted English courts and laws. Who could imagine that such should be the effects* as my honourable friend has forcibly exprdftd it* of the transported laws of freedpm

It was naturally to have been expected, Sir* that the first cbjed of that court should have been to conciliate the affections of the natives* by preferring with scrupulous regard their usages and inoffensive prejudices.. Their rigour (bouJtf have been exercised upon our own subjects who infringed them* or who any way oppressed the people. But has the manner in which the court proceeded tended to conciliate their affections ? Has it tended to place our benevolent and

fracious Sovereign in an amiable point of view to them

[as it tended to convince them* that the object which his Majesty's ministers, and which the nation laboured at* was to guard them from violence* and their customs from infringement ? Indeed* Sir* I am not inclined to be forward in criminating any man; nor do I intend it: the judges* I doubt not* have adea upon principle* and as they thought the duty of their offices required of them. But these are matters of too much magnitude to be trifled with. The inhabitants are discontenced, the country is distraded. I conjure the House* while it is yet in their power* to apply a speedy and efficacious remedy.

Let us,now observe a little* Sir* how the power of the governor general and council* and the provincial courts of justice, have been efteded by this new system. The court thought proper to annul the ad of the governor general and council in the dismission of their own secretary. They issued writs of Ixibeas corpus* for the release of persons confined on

account of arrears of renf, by any provincial councils or col-Jedors acting under the orders of government* who were subjected to suits for damages of false imprisonment. A single instaner* Sir, will illustrate my assertion. A person* who was a farmer of the pubjic revenue* and at the same time treasurer to a district which paid an annua] revenue of full 300,0001. sterling, was committed to custody by the provincial chief and council, who held the administration of the district under your governor general and council* to enforce payment of about 2000I. sterling* arrears of rent* and about 40001-deficiency of cash placed in his hands. One of the judges granted him a habeas corpus* at the same time threatening the members of the courici.1 with attachments* if $hey should re-fufc; to deliver up their prisoner. The company's attorney

pleaded

A. 1781. D E B A T I S*:

pleaded to the return of the writ of cerpus, that the

pc Hon had been confined by authority of the provincial chief arid Council, far arrears of rent, and deficiency of caih, as public treasurer. Upon an occasion, in which the govern* merit relied on the suppprt of the judicial power, I believe. Sir, you will agree with me, 'that they passed a singular deci- fieri. The language of the bench;, composed of the two ju* nler justices, In their determination, was,this : We know

riot what your provincial chief and council are: might at

tdeUhave flattd) that hi was cenfine by the king of the fairies"

I Would not introduce such ludicrous language to the House upon so ferlous an occasion: but I recite verbatim from a written judgment, which 1 read, to ibew the House in what degree the dignity and needful authority of that government* a&fng under the sanction of all the powers of this Icgiflatufc* was sustained. Thus made an object of taunt and ridicule* was it wonderful, that their acts became inefficacious, or that their powers shoultf be inadequate to the great trust re~ posed in them, for securing the public revenue, or admhu* fiering justice amongst the inhabitants?

Next, Sir* all Europeans or natives employed in provincial courts, held by the company's authority as Dewan under the emperor for the civil administration of justice, were bought under the jurisdictkm of the fupteme court. Their competency was never admitted* tkthough recognized by the *4th flats fe of the 13th of the King 5 their judicial orders were abrogated, and the members prosecuted as individuals for acts they had performed under the weight and sanction of magi* stracy.

Has the adm i mstration of justice in criminal matters escaped any better, which is conducted under the Subadar (or his dc* puty, the Naib-subah) that man efft raw, as he was filled by one of the fudges, lincedead, which i am Pure good policy requires we should uphold ? Wo have ieen a case, in which a ma~ giftraterefufed tocxercife the fundions of his office, in taking cognizance of an atrocious murder, because the English court had interfered with and degraded his office. Sir, we have seen the manfioft of the first Mahometan cnagistrate of one province broke open by a licentious rabble, and his brother (hot by a fterifPs officer. We have fecn in another, the whole body of Mahomedan doctors, as has been fully related to you by the honourable general,-brought prisoners from a distance of 400 miles, and all, except one of them, who funk in vex* atton and' fatigue upon the journey, committed to the common English gaol of Calcutta, where they still remain.

450

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

One assertion of authority was for (ome time suspended : but that we are informed has now been made $ and it is a comprehensive grasp, indeed ! All persons renting land or revenue of the company, as dewan of those provinces, are declared within the jurisdiction of the court: which thus transfers all revenue causes from the exchequer courts of the government to an English court of law; and, unlike every other country upon earth, gives the date no preference above a private creditor. Nay, more; processes have issued against the zemindars, the hereditary nobility and landholders of the country; and it is imagined, that men, whose ancestors have led forth armies from their owa lands, have exercised a oivfl lod criminal jurisdiction, and who possess a tra of ten or twelve thousand Square miles, will quietly submit to a dpftrue- l tron of all the honours and dignities, which are veded them by the conditution of the Mogul empire* The devotion of the inhabitants to their zemindars, many of whom ifc in truth more properly to be called tributary princes than* proprietors of land, is such, that a general discontent amotifed this class of men might excite revolt, or at lead might deprive us of the regular payment of that revenue, which is the only support of our power*

To complete this scene of anarchy. Sir, the government kidituted by the whole iegiflative authority of Great Britain, have thought they were reduced to the fatal extremity of employing a military force in opposition to the powers exencUed illegally, as they conceived, and to the detriment of the date, by the Court of judicature. The judges, On their part, have resolved to pursue vigorous measures for enforcing the authority they assumed. Whether there wto, or was not, such exigent necefEty, mud be left for Parliament to decide. 1 mean only to urge to you, Sir, that we mud not procradinate either in enquiry or decision. Civil difeord has taken place; the powers of government are at War with one another 5 and it would not much surprize me to learn by the next advices, either that the supreme court has inflicted death upon the members of your government; or that your governor general and council have shipped off his Majesty’s judges for Great Britain.

It may not be foreign from our purpose. Sir, to say a few words upon the manner in which other nations have governed their didant conqueds. If we turn our eyes to Spanish America, we shall find, that every attempt fuggeded by the fun* ticism or tyranny of the Spaniards, to introduce their own courts and laws, and to establish their power over the devoted

nations

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

nations of Mexico and Peru, by fending out reformers unacquainted with, or disregardful of, the manners of the country, added to the disgust and taifery of the inhabitants, and ended in revolts and massacres. The Jesuits in Paraguay took a wiser course: they conciliated the natives, and established a substantial power amongst them, by building a humane system of government upon the groundwork of their immemorial usages. But no nation can better be poade the object of our present observations than ancient Rome, both from the long deration of her government, and the prodigious extent of her conquests. Rome, if I mistake not, observed this system, In all fubie&ion of territory contiguous to her own, (he gave her own laws, if the people wished to receive them, or me allured them by immunities and honourable distm&ions. Thus (he aifimilated all the petty states of Italy to her laws and manners, till the whole peninsula be* came one nation. But in her distant conquests, (he pursued t very different policy. In these (he was satisfied to hold the fupremt government, to possess the revenues and the military power, Jeaving the inhabitants to conduct their internal police by their own native magistrates and laws. Nor did tfaat>wife nation insult the religion or prejudices of the van-qoished. I think the first instance of communicating the Roman laws to the distant provinces of the empire, happened under the reign of one of those monsters who disgraced the name of emperor, Caracalla, about a thousand years after the building of the city. In latter times, indeed, Justinian, that Icgiftator so much praised by his posterity for his compilations of jurisprudence, committed the fame blunder which we are now committing in our country. He thought of the Roman laws, as many good and well-meaning men may think of Ehgiiftt laws, that they are the best in the world j that laws good in the weft, must necefiarity be good in the cast : and in that belief, he established this confuted system, which had been formed at different periods of time, and had grown up under the different progressive situations of the Roman date in Italy; he established it, I say, as the universal rule of right and wrong throughout the provinces of the eastern empire, for which it was no way adapted.

To be sure. Sir, this would be a new doctrine amongst le-giflators. However, as abstra& truths do not strike with equal power or like effect upon every mind, 1 would be glad, with those who may think differently from myself, to argue upon another ground, and to a(k them, what is theobje# of public expediency in presenting our native Indian subjecta with En-M m m a glish

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*1.

glish courts and laws ? I. it of the suppofitioa that they nave no laws of their own ? Sir, they have laws, and rah* minous comments upon them : and, proud at we majf now he of our glorious constitution and law*—justty proud ifUepi we may be—*those nations, had written laws before our anre* stors became known in the annals of luftogy j and thofch|w% assuredly very dissimilar from ours, but. fui table to their climate and difp9fition, and blended in all the intercourfcs and concerns of life, have been handed down to them from taw memorial usage. As the contingency of events baa rendered these people subject to our dominion, we should ftriue to enjoy the benefits of it, with the final left poilble regret them.. Then let us afje, what it is we want from them? J presume we want to enjoy their trade 3 we want to mrin&io possession of theii country; we want to remain nufftert of its revenue; we want the fidelity and affc&ion of thjeir pen* pie to supply our armfes with receipts, and ftccngtben us against the efforts of our rival powers in Europe, All these you will have, Sir, if we only allow them to go on in tbs track, of tbtir forefathers, with a free and undimtAUbed-pre* (ervation of all their atvpiept pra&iccs and distin&ioo*. If our.English courts and laws, instead of being a fourceof new bleifingsand happiness to {hem, turn out in fast to be but I Pandora’? box; for Heaven's fake, Sir, let us take our prefects back. 1 am sure we can wish of other thapto make them as happy as they can be undgr the dominion of a foreign power. Give them, then, theirpw*h*ws and magistrates, if thatwdl contribute ip it. Suph, tye fee, has been the policy of other {latest and Machiivcl,; in refined (pint of his political do<ftrines, assigns a very material scafoti for dpjpg so— - that, living'under the immediate authority of their own country- men, they submit the more easily to, a sovereiga at a distance from them : and whether the judgments they pronounce be just or unjust, the odium does not fall upon the supreme power, nor dp the people coptinually feel the reproach of their dependency. As to ypur Engljih laws and processes, let those feel the weight of them who derive benefit from them who, being horn and educated under them, and qualified to study them in their native language, may fee through the technical fictions and complicated proceedings of our courts, to difeero their intrjnfic excellence andjustice, Mo man, who wifties the good of his country, can desire,to fee Europeans at that distance from the fountain of power, placed above t he laws, or independent of confront. Let it be the pro* vince of English lawi'tp jeeftrain Englishmen froth

4

t ..

A. 1781* DEBATES*

fion : but not to £baqkle your government in the exercise of the necessary powers confided to it by the legislature 5 nor to harrass with perpetual vexation the timid natives. In the first point of view, those natives will adnaire and venerate them, But, if we persist in the^present idea of extending them, I am confident the terms used by the governor general, and council will be found true, as they arc fmphatic, and this nation will deservedly incur the reproach of iC a barbarous attempt to force a foreign law upon a conquered people.1’

• Moreover, if it were expedient to introduce them, the difficulty mighf.deter us. We have about five thousand British in Bengal. The natives have been formerly estimated by Lord Clive at fifteen millions —I think ten millions is computation nearer the truth. Now, is it agreeable to common fenpe, that five thousand men should force a system upon ten millions, which they are difwclined to receive ? or that the native troops Aould assist in committing such a violence upon the feelings of their fellow-countrymen and relations ? t cannot bring myself to imagine. Sir, that the voice of affirmed authority will ever carry substantial power, where the minds of the people are not overawed by fear, or from other ^tf/es contented to receive and submit to it. I think it has been held as a.maxim, that it is only to <m unpolished people thatrX legislator can give what laws he pleases P and if we loose to a. great nation, which now draws the attention of Bufope, we shall fee the confederations which the Empress of Buffi* enjoins in ,the instructions to* her commissioners for forming a new code of laws. " There are various things," fays that wife princess, " which rule mankind : religion, climate, laws, maxims received from government, example of pail ages, manners, and cultoms :. and the legislature ought to adapt it$ laws to the general sense of the nation." There js one ptherppiotl muffc beg leave to t >uch upon; but 1 do it wi|h the utmost diffidence : 1 feel it is tender ground——el mean the equalizing principle which this judicature tends tpestablish betwixt native and European, formerly jwe have seen a few hundreds of Europeans carry ra-

5id conquest through an intimidated country. A native was td to look up to an Englishmen with awcand;acknowledged Superiority. Qur power has been mere imaginary than real, to hold that vast territory in subjc&ion with such a disparity of numbers. But, Sjr,tif th-y ire,our government degraded in the public,eye j sand every Englishmen of any rank reduced to a level with the lowest native : I fear they will soon find out that we are but men like themselves/ or very little ’ r ......................... better.

454

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

better. Oar dignity wiU fall ;'6ur power will dwindle; Tome accident of the moment will produce revolt, and then. Sir—it will not remain a question, we shall hold that country, but whether we shall hold it

I say. Sir, I feel this Is tender ground. I ask the exciifeof the House of I am in an error. 1 throw out the idea for spe* culation; but at the same time, I must confess, it is an idea that alarms me.

Now, after all this discussion, I shall, perhaps, be told, that 1 am pulling down an edifice, without having previously formed a plan toered another. Sir, I did think that it would be more respectul to the House, to solicit their serious attention to the subject, and propose a full difculHon of it before a committee, and I believe my honourable friend concurs in that sentiment, rather than to presume upon ofiering any system to their notice. 1 have wished to convince them, that enquiry and reform are indispensibly necessary; and I venture to flatter myself, that with the local experience' of some, and the general knowledge of others, and particularly calling tit the aid of gentlemen of the profession, whose minds are more usually turned to subjects of legiflacion, we may be able to devise some eligible plan for the good administration of our Asiatic territory.

For my own part. Sir, I shall most chearfully contribute with my poor assistance, by furnishing every light and information I may possess, or by explaining any terms of the country languages, which might throw obfeurity upon the records to be consulted. J am ready to act as a member of *»• committee, if one should be appointed; or I will willingly attend upon them if I am not a member. Th* I can safely say, Sir, I have no private views to gratify; no other desire, than to promote the public interest, and the happiness of individuals. Again, Sir, I disclaim personality. 1 consider 1 his the cau e of humanity and national h >nour. My great ob-jed and most sincere wish is to introduce am^ngft *tfcat industrious and submissive people, a system of legislation, which may be congruous to their feelings and dispositions; to conciliate them to the supremacy of our distant- country; to render that fruitful territory a permanent appendage of the British empire; and finally, to do justice 10 its inhabitants, I to my nation, and to my fellow-subjects.

Lori N<nb. Lord North agreed, that the petitions well deferred the le-rious attention of the House : he like wife allowed, that if the fads Were true that the judicial and political powers were in arms against each other in India, the House should take raea-

sures

455

A* 1781* ' DEBATESt

fares to put an end to so dangerous a contest as {oon as possible. At the same time he thought it highly incumbent on the House to consider, that the enquiry they were about to cntec into, was of a most delicate nature. The conduct of the judges of the supreme court of judicature, and the constitution of the courr, were so intimately connected, that it was hardly possible to separate them entirely. The one, as it were, run into the other; and both were so mixed and blended, that it would be a very difficult matter to pronounce upon the confutation of the court, without in some raeafure adverting to the conduct of the judges. It behoved the House therefore to {leer as cautiously as possible between these two ob-je£l$; to ascertain fafts tending to prove that the jurjfdic-tien itself ought either to be abolished entirely, put under new reftn&ions, or better defined than it already was, might be both expedient and necessary; but gentlemen would fee that it would be unjust in the extreme to go to a crimination, much more to a condemnation of the judges, who, from the nature of the case, could not already have been heard as to the fads that might come out in the course of the^ enquiry, nor could they be heard now.. With regard to the act of parliament which he had the honour to bring in some few years since, it certainly was not, at the time it was under the coohderation of that House, either his idea nor that of the House, that the court of judicature should become the source of misery, oppression, or injustice; much less was it meant to extend the; British laws in their unintelligible {late (for so they, might appear to the natives of a country in which they never had been promulgated) throughout that vail continent; neither was it designed that the supreme court should swallow up all other jurisdiction, or take away the power of those courts to which the residents had been for years accustomed to resort, and which had been proved from long experience fully competent to a substantial administration of ju-dice in those cases wherein their interference had usually been desired. The foie view of the House was to give a court that would hold out equal justice to the native and the huropean; a court much wanted at the time, and in the constitution of which the House bad been to .a man unanimous, on the idea that it was politic, humane and just, that a court so constituted should cxift. He concluded with assenting to the motion.

Sir Richard Sutton said that the petitions criminated the judges, and that they were sent oyer without the judges con- lent.

4s6

PARLIAMENTARY A. vjtu

sent, which of itself had a very fufpiebus appearance, and ought to challenge thejeaiously of the House, as to the fair-net's of the statement of the facts aHedged.

Mr. IVrax- Mr. Wraxcdl rose to express his high approbation of the motion introduced by General Smith. He said, that whatsoever compelled the government of this country to turn their attention to India, merited, in his apprehension, national praise and gratitude* He said, that to whatever part of the empire he directed Hi& view, excepting India, only seenes of calamity, distreft, and civil commotion presented themselves under a thousand various and accumulating forms*. But that in India, victory and glory and commerce and wealth and all the resources of a great nation were viable. He contrafied the fpiendour of our arms in that part of the world, with our Losses and disgraces in America. But, he said, that under this flattering and dazzling exterior, lurked a thousand hidden feeds of political disease and death. He expatiated on the critical and dangerous situation of our affairs in Bengal, Bahar and Or if la. He expressed his disapprobation of the principles on which the courts of judicature were originally erected in that country.. He said, that the most fatal qonfe-quences would inconteflibly result from them if not timely suppressed, or at leaf! restricted and limited in their powers.

He then remarked the folly and absurdity of an island fltn-ted as kogland is, in the 50th degree of northern latitude and on the verge of the Atlantic ocean, whose inhabitants (the defendants of Saxons, Danes and Normans) had scarcely yet in a course of ages beea able to refine their barbarous jurilprudence, and adapt it to their own country; on such a j>eople, in the insolence of conquest or the ignorance of mifin-formation, tjanfplantixig their courts of justice and a£U of Parliament, to a country situated under the tropic and the ecjgator, at the distance of five thousand miles; to a country totally dissimilar in religion, in laws, in customs and in feelings of every nature, and which had been fofraftn the mo& remote antiquity.

Mr. Wraxall laid, that this condufl had no precedent ui the annals of Rome, or of any nation of antiquity, renowned for policy and wisdom. Rome, he said, had opened her generous arms to all the conquered nations; she^ had adopted with a masculine and conciliating policy, all the customs, religious or civil, of the vanquished provinces; she respectedeven their prejudices; fhc consequendy was beloved

. and

A* i;8t. DEBATES;

and revered on the hanks of the Tagus and the Euphrates, as. much as on the banks of the Arno or the Tyber,

He said that every consequence of popular violence and in-furre&ion was to be dreaded at this moment in Bengal; He observed, that the supreme council were at this time armed against the courts of justice. He left the House to judge what mud be the consequence. He declared, that unless some speedy and effectual remedy was applied, that country would become a feeneof massacre. The Sicilian vefpers would be renewed on the banks of the Ganges, at Patna, at Banares, and at Calcutta.

Mr. Wraxall then took a larger field, and adverted to tire present situation of India in general. He said, that it was not only in Bengal that we were menaced with comrulfions and insurrections; Madrass, he asserted, called aloud for some immediate reform. The avowed factions of the Nabob and the Rajah of Tanjore distra&ed and divided that pre&lency. Bombay, which, after a century of sloth and inactivity, had effected some important conquests, was menaced, he said, by the Mahrattas who overhung the island, and might severely revenge the Losses they had lately sustained on that fide of India. Besidee theft particular evils he observed, that other dangers menaced India in general. The vast extent of coast from Cape Comorin to the Jagrenaut Pagodas was inadequately guarded by the military establishment of Madrass, which could not possibly, he said, defend a coast of a thousand miles in length, if ever it should be attacked. The* Mahrattas, he said, were very powerful and much to be dreaded. Hyder Ally, who had driven our troops before him in 1769, and compelled us to sign an ignominious peace at tha^ gates of MadTaft; Hyder Ally was the friend of France, and he was (till terrible in arms, though declined in years. The French, he observed, had a large force in the island of Mauritius, The Dutch were strong in Ceylon and stronger in Java and at Batavia. The Spaniards occupied the Philippine Islands, and could annoy all the trade of Canton and.to China; we are beset with dangers and environed by enemies.

Mr. Wraxall concluded with repeating his approbation of the motion : he thought it the first and most necessary step towards a general reform of that country. He called on government to exert themselves, and to turn their attention to India, as to a country on which the future glories, grandeur and permanent greatnest of England mu ft ultimately depend, You XVIII, m Nni> Mr*

4$1

Mr Burke*

? A R LI AMENT ART A. i7gr.

Mr. Burke, in a short fpccch, contended that it would be impossible not to criminate the judges, if criminating fa£b should arise in the course of the enquiry.

The motion was agreed to.

Copies of the Petitions presented to the

A petition of John Touchet and John Irving, agents for the British subjects residing in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, and their several dependencies, whole names are subscribed to the petition herein after set forth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, (hat the petitioners have received the copy of a petition, certified, by a notary publick in Calutta, at Fort William in Bengal, to be a true copy of an original petition to this honourable House, signed by six hundred and forty-eight of the British subjects residing in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and their several dependencies, which copy, so authenticated at aforesaid, is in the words following: 7o the honour able the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

The humble petition of the British subjects residing in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OrilTa, and their several dependencies, Sheweth,

That your petitioners, labouring under the weight of many and great grievances, know not where to apply for relief with so much propriety and confidence as to the Commons of Great Britain iq Parliament assembled, the great guardians of the liberties and properties of British subjects.

That your petitioners humbly conceive, there are certain rights inherent in Englishmen, and confirmed by the roost sacred a£h of the le-gi flaw re, which no power on earth can legally deprive (hem of, where the laws of Great Britain are in force.

That your petitioners observed, with the deepest concern and affliction, that, at the puffing of the act of the 13th of George the Third, ijrituled, " An a & for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in India, as in Europe,* and previous to it, very erroneous reports had been propagated, and injurious ideas entertained, of the principles and practices of the British subjects residing within these provinces; from which it was inferred, that they required more rigorous restraints and coertions than have been usually imposed upon Englishmen.

That yoUr petitioners, knowing such reports, when applied to the covnmanky, to be void of all foundation in truth, did flatter themselves, that time, better information, and their own loyal and obedient con-du &,would have convinced their enemies, and the whole English nation, of the injustice and cruelty of these suppositions, and have ex? cited the known candour of the British Parliament to frame, in their wil'dom, such ordinances and regulations as were better adapted to the real drcumfiance* and situation of your petitioners.

That your petitioners have', for forne'years, vainly flattered them-*. Jclves with this cxpc&ation i arid nqw find, to gteir ifnfpcakable fbrrow,

that

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

459

that their dutiful submission appears only to have encouraged the justices of the supreme court to proceed step by step in reducing them to the most grievous distress, till your petitioners have in fa dbeen put out of the law by a declaration from the bench on a solemn occasion, that the a 6kof Parliament above recited was not intended for the security and protection of the whole, but for the immediate protection of a part of the inhabitants of these provinces.

That your petitioners humbly conceive, 'that the trial by Jury, in all cases where it can be granted, is one of those inherent, unalienable, and ihdcfcafiMe rights, of which neither time nor circumstance can dc-prive a British subject living under British laws $ yet the justices of the supreme court of judicature in Bengal have, by the actual or alTumed powers of a charter granted under an act of Parliament, refused to allow your petitioners the benefit of this faered bulwark of their freedom, except in criminal safes, thereby, as your petitioners apprehend, acting in direct contradiction to the late act of Parliament, to the fundamental law of the land, and the great charter of British liberties: this grievance, so insupportable, mull come home to the breast of every Englishmen, and none will feel it more sensibly than the enlightened members of a British senate*

With all due submission to the will of their most gracious Sovereign, and with tffe most loyal and sincere afle&ion for his person, family, and government, your petitioners humbly apprehend, that neither letters patent nor any other grant can be valid, if made contrary to the known law of the land; yet the said justices, acting under letters pa-tent^jaflume a power *nor only to fine and imprison your petitioners, but to decide on all actions for damages for personal wrongs, both determining the fad, and assessing the damages to any amount, at their own discretion, thereby taking to themselves an uncontrouled dominion over the persons and property of your petitioners, to the great fear and imminent danger of all British subjects.

Your petitioners humbly conceive, that in all subject dates, but more especially in one so remote from the feat of empire, where tht disproportion between the governing power and those governed is so great as to make the present safety and future permanency of the dominion itself depend entirely upon the precarious tic of idea} superiori-fy, that all possible tenderness and caution (Hould be used, to prevent that opinion being weakened or destroyed, or the authority or reputation of the government leflcned, left the multitude should be encouraged to put themselves on a level with their rulers, and lose that idea of their superior power by which alone they are held in subjecton; but, to the great mortification and alarm of your petitioners, they fee the respect and veneration which the natives have heretofore manifested for the government daily decreasing, owing, as your petitioners verily believe, to the extension of the authority of the court acting independent of the government to persons and cases where they conceive it never was the intention of the legislature to allow them to ad, a spirit of eon tempt for its authority and for Europeans in general heretofore unknown, diflufcng itself apong the natives, which, if not refttuined in d,ne fintj must terminate in difafledkm and resistance, and ultimately

Kan a

•ccafien

46o

i

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

oecaften the definition of the British subjects residing in thdc pro* vincci, end the loss of these valuable dominions to the crown of Great Britain for ever.

Thar your petitioners, entertaining the most perfect conviction of the truth of these observations, suggested by the refinance shewn to the authority of government in various parts of these provinces, and by the late daring tumult, heretofore unprecedented, which happened in open day in the capital, and at the entrance of the (eat of judicature it rdf, offer them with submilfionto your most serious confederation.

Your petitioners have been informed, and believe, that ex faffo and retrospective laws are contrary to natural justice, incotnpa~ tible with the laws of England, and irreconcileable to the feelings of a British Parliament, and that they are held in abhorrence by* the nation; that, if these principles are admitted in England, and acknowledged to be productive of the most fatal consequences, they rnuii apply still more forcibly to a subjected country,* (luxated at the distaace of half th^ globe, where the manners, customs, laws, and prejudices of the people, differ so widely from those of the governing nation; your petitioners appeal to the humanity of the British Parliament, to reflect on the innumerable hardships which must enfae, and the universal confufton whith must be occasioned, as well to personal rights 'as to public and private property, by giving to the voluminous and intricate laws of England a boundless retrofpe&iye power in the midst of Asia, and by an application of those laws, made for the freed and most enlightened people upon earth, the principle, of whose con ft i tut ion is founded in virtue and liberty, to transactions with the natives of India, who have, from time immemorial, lived under a despotjc government, establishedon fear and re ft rain t: and your petitioners mofr ear-neftly call upon you to consider what must be the fears, what nnifr.be the jfcrrors, of individuals, to find their titles to property, their s£Vi6ns and engagements with natives previous to the efiabliihxnent of the court of* judicature, tried by the standard of English lawr and by men educated under its forms, and unavoidably imbibipgks prejudices, when no such laws could be known to or practised by natives 6r Europeans then gliding in the country, and at a time too when few or no persons of legal knowledge were in the country toafhft or advise them.

Your petitioners humbly conceive, that no tyranny can be.more dreadful in its operations, or more fatal in its conferences, than that ? courts establishcJ by law, with all the authority of one of the first courts in England, should also poflcfs undefined powers and jutifdict tion, of which the judges of it are the folc interpreters, and modern controul but at the immente distance of the mothef country; .vetfuch is the situation of your petitioners, they are placed within the reach of this two-edged weapon, fucrounded with the toils and pitfalls of the law in a country where perjury is almost a profef&oo, unknowing Where thoy may rest in safety, for the judges of this'court can at plea* lure determine on the denomination of a civil injury, ;the dogreoofit* criminality, by what statutes it shall be tried, what pspplries shall be infif&ed, and who are, fad who are not, amsnaWf t*

A. 17*1. D iE B ' 'A T E \S.

of the coart* Thbjudgeskave declared, that they arefbythe^char-teF of justice,. empowered to moderate the law* of England by the custom* of this country; but their information respe£Ung these customs can only *be obtained from such wit oedemas appear before them, and it is in the bread* of the judges ta admit or reject what evidence they please. This*power has filled your petitioners, with the utmost terror and.difmey} if it had remained with a body of jurors* acquainted with the language of the .natives, informed as to their pustoms,. and bound by oath to decide with truth and justice, there would have existed no foundation-for either*

Your petitioners perceived, with .heart-felt satisfaction, that the said act had provided some barrier against opprelhon,. by authorizing an, appeal-from the decrees of the supreme court to his Majesty in council, which his Majesty has also been most graciously pleated to recognize'in his charter of justice > but the hopes of relief, raised upon this foundation, ranished from before us* when your petitioners found that the judges of tire court had not only taken upon themselves to make and alter the.rules of it, but that they could receive or refuse what evidence they thought proper, and that the appeal could only be heard under these rules, and upon the evidence recorded during the trial, removed at such a raft distance from the tribunal of justice, before an unjust or illegal sentence could be reverled, the sufferer might falf a vi&iai to penury# or perish by imprisonment: but, from an appeal under such circumstances, what redress can your petitioners obtain

Your- petitioners entertain aH becoming .respect for the authority of the charter of justice, and the utmost reverence for their Sovereign, whose sanction it has received : yet they cannot but observe thaj, by Che powerrdelegated in this charter, men are constituted the judges of their own acts, which appears to your petitioners highly improper and inconsistent: for the judges of the supreme court in Calcutta are impowered to (it also qs a court of chancery, and in this capacity to revise, correct, refeind, or Confirm, deciftons pasted by themselves whilst ogling as judges in a court of law; and by another part of their insti* tution, they poftefs the power, and they alone, of staying execution in criminal cases, till his Majesty’s pleasure be known. There is a principle in human nature which inevitably impresses a bias upon the mind wv favour of.its own ded lions, and experience has decided that rcalon and philosophy are too weak to restrain it; but in all well-regulated communities, when, the consequences of any principle are fore-feemy or found to be fatal, the wisdom of the legislature interpoles, to check its operation. Your, petitioners have the most perfect conviction, that the/poifible evils of this power did not occur to their most mercifulSovereign when his approbation was conferred to the charter of ju-ftiee, and that they.require.only to be pointed out to eofure redress.

Your petitioners, with all deference, conceive that there mull be fomefuariftinentaljerrar in that institution, which requires a more than ordinary.degree of temper, Ability, and integrity, to carry its purposei intp.execution f am<j they do not hesitate to declare, that to administer the powers appertaining Co theiaftkutiaq of the,supreme court, without

A

PARLIAMENTARY A, ijfy.

out extensive public detriment and partial a tts of private fercrity a injustice (if it be possible at all) requires more equity and moderation, discernment and enlightened abilities, than they can hope to find in any men : to what extent the judges of his Majesty’s court may possessi these qualities, your petitioners do not pretend to decide, and (till lets to afleit that they do not possess them at allf but they' complain of the jurisdiction of the uncontrouled and unlimited powers with which the court is veiled, and with the execution of which no mett are to k trufled.

Your petitioner# can bear distress like men, but they mat also feel like men, and speak these feelings like £ngliihmen; if the language of complaint is warm, let it be attributed to the dread of future injuries; from a keen fallibility of what is pad, your petitioners claim atria! by Jury as their birth-right, and they solicit to be relieved from the' other great grievances they labour under. To a BritiA House of Commons they appeal, with the firmed reliance on its wisdom, jo dice, and humanity, and in appealing to such a tribunal, they perceive their apprehensions yield to the rood flattering hopes of a speedy red refs.

Your petitioners, therefore, humbly prgy, that you will be pleafd to take into consideration thefollowingrequests

To grant a trial by jury in all cases where it it by law established is England

To limit the retrofpettive powers of the court to the time of iu cflablishment in Bengal

To define, beyond the power of discretional disttnttion, the perfom who are, and who are not, amenable to the jurisdiction of the court To declare what statutes diall, and what datute# shall not*, be ini force in Bengal■

To direct and circumscribe the power of the court, in the admissios and rejettion of evidence, so as that all re jetted evidence may acdotn-pany the appeal, by way of affidavit, or otherwtte.

To appoint didintt and separate judge# for the,law and equity fide; of the court:

To reilore the ancient and conditional power of hearing appeals b th,e fird indance to the fupremb authority in this government, former!* vested in the president and council, and now veded in the governor general, and council:

To lodge apdwecof flaying executions in criminal cases'(till his Majesty’s plcaiure be known) in the governor general, and council: And your petitioners shall ever pray, See.

That the petitioners are ready to produce, at the bar of this honourable House, the copy of the said petition, so authenticated M aforesaid, transmitted to them from Calcutta and humbly pray the House to take the contents of the lame into their consideration, a&d to grant such relief in the premises as to the House feall seem fit.

Ordered to lie upon the table.

A petition of Warren Hadings, esquire, governor general, and of Philip Francis and Edward Wheeler, esquires, counsellors for the government of the presidency of Fort William'in Bengal, was presentedto the House, and read 4flitting forth, that, by jui att of the thirfapsdi

4*3

A. vjti. DEBATES.

of his present Majesty, intituled, u An act for establishing certain re* " gulations for the better management of the affairs of the united East India company, as well in India at in Europe," the whole civil and military government of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and the ordering, management, and government, of all the territorial acquisitioas and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, are vested in the governor general and council of the said presidency, in like manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as the fame were at the time of passing the ad, or at any time before might have been exercised by the president and council, or feled esmmittee, in tho, said kingdoms; and that, by the said act, his Majesty was empowered to erelt and constitute a supreme court of judicature at Fort William aforesaid, with full powers and authority to exercise and perforin all civil, criminal, admiralty, and ecclesiastical jurisdiction over all British subjects resident in the said kingdoms or provinces, under the pro* teltion of the said united East India company, and to hear and determine all complaints against any of his Majesty's fltbjeds, for any crimes, misdemeanors, or oppressions committed, or to be committed, " and also to entertain, hear, and determine, any suit, a It ion, or cort-plaint, against any persons who shall at the time when such debt, or cause of altion or complaint, shall have arisen, have been employed by, or shall then -have been directly or indirectly in the service of, the said united East India company, or of any of his Majesty's subjects, and against any inhabitant of the said kingdoms, for a debt arising on any contract, or agreement, in writing, with any of his Majesty's subjects, where the cause of action shall exceed the sum of five hundred current rupees, and where the said inhabitant shall have agreed iii the said contract, that, in case of dispute, the matter shall be heard and determined in the fupjreme 'court of judicature: that it appears to your' petitioners, that the above recitals do clearly explain and define the powers and jurisdictions severally appertaining to the said governor general and council, and to the supreme court of judicature aforesaid; that is to say, that the supreme court of judicature is competent to exercise every kind of jurisdiction over all British subjects resident in the said provinces, and also over all persons, whether natives of these provinces, or others resident in the fame, who shall, at the time when the cause of action instituted, or complaint made against them, shall have arisen, have been employed by, or shall then have been'directly or indirectly in the service of the said United East India company, or of any of his Majesty's subjects, or who shall have voluntarily made themselves subject to the authority of the said supreme court of judicature, ’ in the case of contracts expressing such a subjecton; and that the said supreme court of judicature hath no power or jurisdiction whatever over persons not answering to these descriptions; and that the governor general and council are competent to exercise every function of government, and every right of jurisdiction, not vested in the fuprettf e coart of judicature as aforesaid, over all persons, natives or inhabitants of these provinces, who are either subject to the civil or military go* remment of this pre6dency, or of the territorial acquisitions and revenues of these kingdoms, it being contrary to the nature of things that

the

4*4 PARLIAMENTARY A; 1781.

the governor general and council should exercise such authority of the said territory and revenues, and not over the persons immediately possessing such territory and revenues, as well as to the rights derived by the governor general and council, in virtue of the said a£ky from the president and council and felc& committee of the said kingdoms who did exercise such authority j and further to exercise every fun&ioa of government, and every right of jurisdiction, absolutely end exclu* £vely over all persons, natives or inhabitants of these provinces, who are neither British subjefU, nor are, nor ever have been* employed by, or directly or indirectly in the service of the united East India company, or any of his Majesty’s subjefb } and that it is also provided by the said act, that the said supreme court of judicature shall not be competent to hear, try, or determine any iudictment or informaLtion against the said governor general, or any of the said council, for the time being, for any offence (not being treason or felony) which such governor general, or any of the said council, shall or may be charged with having committed in Bengal, $ahar, and Orilla j and that it is further provided by the said act, that nothing in the said act shall extend to subject the person of the governor general, or any of the said. council respectively, for the time'being, to be arrefied, or imprison* ed, upon any action, suit, or proceeding, in the said supreme court of judicature; and that, in conformity to the two preceding daufes, and evidently to render the fame both effectual and confident with the complete administration of justice* his most gracious Majesty, by his letters patent, establishing a supreme court of judicature at-Fort William in Bengal, after reciting that it had been lawful for the mayor's court to issue their summons to the< governor or prelident and council of Fort William in Bengal, to appear for the said united East India company, and to compel their appearance, hath granted, ordained, and appointed, that the governor general and council shall and may, from time to time, by their sufficient warrant to be filed of record, name and appoint fomc sufficient person, resident in the town of Cal* cutta, to be the attorney of the said united Kali India company, who shall remain and aft as attorney to the said united East India company so long as he shall reside in Calcutta, or until fomc other fit period there resident shall be appointed in his place, in manner above men* i tioned; and if any. plaint shall be filed in the said supreme court of judicature at Fort William iu Bengal against the united East India company, the said supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Ben* gal may, and is hereby empowered to, award and issue their precept, directed to the ihcriff, commanding him to summon the said united Fla ft India company, by their said attorney, to appear at a time and place therein to be specified, to answer to the said plaint, and the ihcriff shall serve the fame upon the said attorney, and the said attorney shall thereupon appear for the said united Bail India company j and that, after such appearance, the said supreme court of judicature shall, and may, proceed to hear, examine, try, and determine, the said ac* tions and suits, in the mammr specified in the said letters patent j, acd that it appears to your petitioners^ that the two clauses a Dove recited from the act aforesaid, and the preceding extract front his Majesty’f

3 ktWl

A. i?8t. DEBATES.

letters patent, do amount to a virtual, but certain, exemption of the persons of the governor general and council from the juril'diction of the supreme court of judicature in all causes wherein the said united East India company are parties; that is tb say, in all causes originated from, or appertaining to, the alls of the said governor general and council, done by them in their charactcr of managers, or agents, for the affairs of the said united East India company, it being certain that the said united East India company can do no acts in these king* doms, or provinces, but through the agency of the governor general and council, and that the said united East India company can there* fore only.be sued for the acts of the said governor general and council j and that therefore in all suits instituted in the supreme court of judicature, by persons aggrieved, or supposing themselves aggrieved, by such acts, such luitt shall lie, and be brought against the said united Haft India company only, and not against the governor general and council; and appearance shall be entered, for the said united East India company, by their attorney, so constituted as aforesaid, he be* ing their only efficient representative under the said letters patent; and that any attempt of the supreme court of judicature, to compel the said governor general and council to appear, and to answer to such. suits, is illegal, and contrary to the intent and meaning of the said letters patent, which must be understood to bear the intent and meaning which your petitioners have aferibed td it, or none : that, not* withstanding the clear limitation of the jurisdiction of the supreme court of judicature, and the privileges and immunities granted to the governor general and council in the above recited provisions made by the act and letters patent aforesaid, the chief justice and judges of the supreme court of judicature have attempted to extend their jurisdiction, over persons not answeringto the description of such as are subject to their jurisdiction, and have advised, admitted, and, as your petitioners have every reason to believe, will attempt to inforce, suits instituted against your petitioners for alts done collectively by your petitioners, as governor general and council.

The following being a summary relation of the facts to which your petitioners allude in this representation, craving leave to refer, for a more circumstantial information of the fame, to tfye minutes of consultation and letters of your petitioners, which have been trans* snitted and addressed to the court of directors of the said united East India company, and relate thereto, to wit: in or about the month of September last, a suit was instituted in the supreme court by Cq/Jinaut BebbuO, an inhabitant of Calcutta, against Raja Soonderuarain, the Zemindar of the Pergunnahs, or great divisions of land, lb called, of Coflijurm and Shawpoor; and on the 7th of the lame month your petitioners were informed that A writ of capias had been obtained by Coffinaut, and lent by an officer of the court into the Pergunnah of Coffijura, to be served on the said Rajah Soondcrnarain, who terrified by this act, had concealed himself, and thereby became incapable of attending to the collection of his revenues, and of fulfilling his engagements to the united East India company, for their respective share thereof $ your petitioners, alarmed for the immediate effects of this Voir XVIII. Ooo proceeding,

466

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

proceedsng, and for the general loft which such an example was lively to produce in the public revenue of these provinces, and knowing that tile said Raja Soondemarain was not subject to the jurisfli&ion of the court, being neither a British subject, nor at any time heretofore ever employed by, or in the service of, the united Halt India company, nor of any British subject, nor specially subjected to the Supreme court in thefuit which had been commenced against him by aoj written contrati oragreement to that end, did accordingly cause notice to be given to the said Rajah that he was not subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme court of judicature, nor bound to obey itsproccfs; and on the 30th of November following your petitioners received information that the writ of capias had been returned unexecuted, and that a writ bad Since been ordered to sequester the lands and effedU of the said Raja, and to compel his appearance, and that, to enforce the execution of this lad writ, the (her iff had di (patched a considerable force to CoS jura, confiding of Peons, Sepoys, and European Tailors, all cos^plcatly prosed, and instructed to use force for the execution of the process, and even to fire upon any person who should ob&rudl it. Hitherto the powers of government, veiled in your petitioners, had never bfen employed in relation to the supreme court, but in aid of its authority; they now found themselves reduced to the painful necessity of opposing it, to assert their own civil and military rights, to guard the property of the united East India company, and eventually that of the British nation, in these provinces, from impending danger, and to yield their protection to the country and people which, were placed, under the government of your petitioners, from the controul of a foreign law, and the terrors of a new and ufUrped dominion, Impelled by these considerations, your petitioners ordered a military force to apprehend the sheriff s officers who had been employed to execute the writ of sequestration, with all their followers. This was cffe&ed accordingly j and the whole body, confiding of eighty-six men, armed and arrayed, were made prisoners, and brought to the presidency, where the first purpose of your petitioners having been thus accomplished, they were, by an order of your petitioners, immediately released. It appeared that in the execution of the writ the apartments allotted to the female part of the Raja's family, which are ever held sacred in this country, were forcibly entered, his temple broke open and polluted, and the image of his worship thrust into a baSket, and deposited. with mixe^ lumber, under the seal of the court. Such adit are accounted tnftaapet of the grossest violation and sacrilege, according to the principles and perlbafions of the inhabitants of these provinces, and have been never known to have been authorized with impunity by the most despotic of their Mahometan rulers. It is to be lamented that such a reproach Should have fallen on the profefifors of the mild and benevolent didaces of the Christian dispensetion j not as the cffc&s of a wanton abuse of authority^ but as the necessary and unavoidable operation of a foreign law, in the barbarous attempt to force it on a conquestdpeoplc. The judges of the court, enraged at this refinance of their authority, hay? declared their rtfolution of inflidfcing exemplary punishment on allpcr* Sons concerned'or fulpedted of having batm concerned in it.. Widin

4*7

A. 1781. DEBATES.

undistinguiibtng vengeance they have ordered attachments to issue against the military officer, whose duty it became to execute the order* of your petitioners, on Mr. Naylor the company’s attorney, and on Mr. Swainfton, a fervent of the united company, whole only offence appears to have been an unfortuate curiofuy, which led him to be a spectator of what the court hath termed a refeue3 your petitioners, have granted to their military officer the protection of the troops with which he is Rationed against any attempts which may be made to arrest him. The other two named persont have been thrown into the com* moo Jail, and Mr. Naylor required to answer to interrogatories, such as your petitioners believe to be most repugnant to the wife and bu* mane spirit of the English law, and never before practised but in the courts of inquisition, being filled with suggestions of criminal accusa* ttons against persons unnamed, and exalting the violation of his public fidelity, by revealing the confidential instrudioos of his employer* and clients, and the most sacred tics of society, by divulging the secrett of private conversation on general undefined and unapplied questiens. Coffinsut Bobboo, the plaintiff in the cause against the Raja Soondernariin, by the advice, as your petitioners are well inform*' cd, of the court, has btely instituted a suit against your petitioners^ and your petitioners have been severally served with summoofes to appear and answer to the fame, but have refused to appear, both be* cause they conceive themselves not to be answerable in their own per* ions for acts done by them as governor general and council, and be* cause the plaint which was filed against them, is founded on their resistance to the unlawful acts of the judges of the fttpreme court of judicature. Such hath been the progress of this unhappy division and such is the present state of it. What the consequences may prove your petitioners cannot.foreice 3 but are morally certain, that nothing but a determined and unffiaken perseverance on their part in the line which they have marked out can five these provinces and the interesta of the united East India Company, and of the British nation, which are inseparably connected with them, from the danger of utter ruin j and that your petitioners are informed, that many ocher fuitt or ad tons have been commenced in the supreme court against other Zemindars of these province*; such, for example, a* the Rajas of Tirboot, Deenagepoor, and Bcerbhoom, men of high rank, and tha defendants of ancestor* not very remote, who commanded armies, and possessed the rights of sovereigu dominion over the reiats or vassals of their respective Zemindaries 3 chat all the Zemindars of theft provinces, and the abovenamed more specially, are indebted in enor* moot fonts, hr exceeding, as your petitioners believe, the amount' of the whole annual revenue of these provinces, for debts mostly accruing from extorted donations, from tnc usurious and accumulated interest of many years, and from other meajis which art equally eon* trsry to the laws of England and to their own, but capable of being tftsblUhcd in an English court oi law, by eliding bonds or other written agreements 3 that, besides the injustice vf subjecting the said personss to a foreign law, with the forms, procefc; and language, of which they are unacquainted, they would by such acontroul be wholly

O o o a emancipated

PARLIAMENTARY 1781.

emancipated from the government of your petitioners, and their revenues loft to the united East India company, and to the British nation, since it would be impossible for your petitioners to exerciseany authority oyer them while they were under the actual and superior controul of the supreme court; and the decrees of the said court, be* ing absolute, and admitting of no qualification, would always take place of the claims of your petitioners in behalf of the united East India Company, and, by the terrors annexed to them, would be even preferably obeyed by the Zemindars themselves, and in many cales ierve by collufions or other easy means as a pretext to screen them from the authority of your petitioners; and that, by such effefii, the whole revenue would be loft to the united East India company, and to the British nation : that the confluences, which your petitioners have above described as likely to result from the extension of the jurisdiction of the supreme court of judicature to the Zemindars of these provinces, would prove at this time the causes of others yet more alarming, inasmuch as your petitioners are charged with the defence of these provinces, in which they possess a precarious dominion of a few over millions, a dominion established by the mere influence of opinion and a long faafon of domestic peace, but at this time affaiUd With many surrounding dangers, in the fharc which it participates with the rest of the BrittfbEmpire in a war with the most powerful states of Europe, regarded with a jealous eye by all the nations of Indoftan, and at this time engaged in a war with the first in power and conic* quence amangft them: that the loss of the whole, or any coafidcrable failure in the revenue which the united East India Company derives from these provinces, would be certainly followed by that of their existence in tbcfn» *s your petitioners do at this time maintain a large military force in the pay of the united East India Company, which would be excited to mutiny and revolt whenever your petitioners were no longer able to pay it i and that such an event, besides its immediate danger, would occasion an invasion of these provinces, a calamity which ypur petitioners are warranted to foretel by the like effect of a like cause, which actually happened in the year 1764; and that you* petitioners being in such a case deprived of the means of resistance, these province!, and the British dominion in India, must fall a certain fierifice to the ultimate effect» of the exrrcife of an impolitic, unnatural, and tawlcfs authority; that your petitioners are also of opinioo, that the attempt tp extend to the inhabitants of these provinces the juiifdiction of the supreme court jndicaturc, and the authority of the Engjifli law, and of the forms and fictions of that law, which are yet more intolerable because left capable of being understood, wopld be such a ponftraint of the minds of the peo^ pic of these provinces, by she difference of such laws and forma from their laws, habits, rpanners, and religious principles, which under every successive qo nil i tut ion of the former governments have been respe&ed and supported, as might inflame them notwithstanding the knovyn mildnest and patience which confritute their general chara Gtcrjto an open rebellion, left indeed to be appro*

bended in a time of ppace, but certain in the event of an invasion; and

that

A^i7&i» -DEBATES. 1 469

chat such an eyil occurring, in addition to the others already described, would add to the national calamity the national reproach of having dc-fcrvedly incurred it: That your petitioners have judged it adviseableto resort to the means of open refinance to the acts of the supreme court of judicature on this first occasion, to prevent the example from spreading, by the encouragement which would be given to artful and rapacious men, under the instruction of the attornies of the supreme court of judicature, and the loud invitations of the judges themselves, to commence other actions against the other Zemindars of these provinces, yonr petitioners being convinced, that such would be the effect of allowing ,the judgment of the supreme court of judicature to operate on your petitioners, and equally certain that the mischief will be in a great measure suppressed by defeating the ends of it, and precluding the hopes of gain in the prosecution of it; that, therefore, your petitioners have resolved, that they will not suffer any judgment which may be given against them in the present cause to be carried into execution against either their persons or their property, deeming this a case of extraordinary urgency, which requires them to assume a dangerous personal ha-tard and responsibility for the defence and preservation of the property and interests of the united East India company, and of the British nation collectively in these kingdoms: that, in the preceding inllance, and in the protection which they have given to their military officer, who was employed to apprehend the armed force sent by the sheriff against the Raja of Coflijura, your petitioners are aware that they may be deemed to have offended against the ftri& form and leaer of the law, and are apprehensive that other cases will multiply, which will oblige them to have recourse to the fame means of defence, if the judges of the supreme court of judicature shall persevere in the course which they have begun; but your petitioners hope, that a due allowance will be made for the necessity under which they act, which leaves no alternative but public ruin, if they submit to the jurisdiction assumed by the supreme court, or personal rum if they oppose it, and are to be made liable to the fame penalties which would attend the refilling a lawful jurisdj&ion; and that it will be considered, that, as the constitutionai and diferiminating lines by which the wisdom of parliament hath marked the system of government in these kingdoms, have been broken by the judges of the supreme court of judicature, and as a resistance to that violence has been a necessary obligation on your petitioners in the first instance, all the irregular and extraordinary acts which such refinance may draw after it ought to be imputed to the first aggrefiion, as the primary and efficient cause of them; that your petitioners do not presume either to pray for a remedy to the evils of which they have complained, nor to point out the means by which, in the opinion of your petitioners, such a remedy might be obtained and applied, the former bfing, as they conceive, the proper concern, and tho exclusive province, of the united East India Company, and the latter depending only on the wisdom of the Britishi parliament; that the design and prayer of your petitioners is, and your petitioners do accordingly most humbly pray, that they, and all others ailing under their authority, may be indemnified against all the legal consequences of their proceedings in

47®

PARLIAMENTARY A* *781.

the cases herein shore recited and ftiggeited, and thXt aft i parliament may be pefled for that end j that ronr petitioners, being freed from every personal concern, and from the vexations and anxieties incident to their present condition, may derote their whole time, attention, and labours, to the discharge of their preftribed duty, and to the advancement and prosperity of the great national interests commit-od to their charge.

Ordered to lie upon the table.

Mr. Mtm.

No Rebate.

February 13.

February 14.

Mr. Montagu, at chairman of the committee who tried the petition on the Abingdon election, briefly dated to the' House what had appeared to the committee, viz. that the petitioner produced no witnesses; that he appeared not by his counfd, but in person; that he alledged, as the only fads that went to vitiate the election, that the writ was for the election of two representatives, and the return but for one; and that the returning officer had not performed his duty neither of which allegations were dated in the petition refer* red to the committee. Mr. Montagu said further, that froifc the whole view of the case, the committee were of opinion, that there was not the (mailed foundation for the petition; he therefore intended, after he had made the ufuat motion, " that the House agree to the report^" to move, as was done in the case of Sudbury, " that the House are of opinion* that the said petition was vexatious, frivolous, and ill found* edand then he believed, in conformity to a danding order of the House, it would follow of course, as a motion that the House mud agree to, u that satisfaction be made to the fitting member for the expence to which he has been unne* ceffarily put, in consequence of the said petition having been presented." He then moke highly in favour of the act of Mr* Grenville, and contracted the fair, impartial and speedy deci* fions which now took place under the operation of that act, with the flow, unjust, and party judgments that had formerly been given in election cases, while the right of determine* tion lay with the House at large, when there had been gene* rally few to hear but many to decide, scarcely a house fitting to invedigate the merits, but crowds flocking down to give their votes on the fide of their favourite candidate. Before he concluded, Mr. Montagu paid high compliments to the young members, for their numerous appearance on the days a of the late ballots. He said, it was with infinite pleasure he saw young men of the first expectations, and of the mod di* dinguished families, men to whom this country looked up as 1 its

471

A. 178u

DEBATES.

its future supports, attending and agreeing to undertake the the laborious talks of committee-men, under authority of the wisest, the moil equitable, and perhaps the moil ulcful atit of Parliament that ever paded respecting the rights of ele&ioo, and the essential privileges of the House, as far as they were connected with those rights.

Mr. Moyfey rose to call the attention of the House to theMr.Jf^. particular muation in which they Hood. As far as agreeing to the report, undoubtedly it became the House to do so, but further they ought not to go, without enquiry. The committee above flairs, he reminded them, were only. competent to try the title to the feat, and were not a committee of privileges; and as the House mud, in compliance with the {landing order, award coils to the fitting member, if they pronounced the petition vexatious, frivolous, and ill-founded, itfurely behoved them not to condemn the party unheard.

Sir Fletcher Norton faxd, he presumed his honourable friends* rutebtr

had not read the act, because it conflicted the fele& committee, a committee of privileges, as well as a committee of election. Sir Fletcher desired two claufps of the act might be read.

Mr. tMoyfty replied that he thought it rather hard for hisiir.J6^« learned'friend to suppose he should have presumed to speak to the question, which bottomed entirely on the Grenville aid, without having read the aQ. itself. He instanced the Shoreham case, and others.

Mr. Burke put it as a case of companion, and argued it oaltr. JMbr that ground in favour of Mr. Wooldridge, with a ilrong appeal to the humanity and feelings of the House.

Mr. Dundas% Lord Advocate, said, though the matter might*. fairly go to the humanity and feelings of the fitting member,/* the House had no right to exercise their discretion; but were bound to decide oq the facts before them* and to act like judges in the courts below, who in the case of a non-suit mu & award cods Qf course, whether the case was hard or not on the part of the persons nonsuited.—At length the two first motions were put and carried, and then Mr. Montagu jnpved,

" That Thomas Wooldridge, esq. having preferred to thia House a groundless, frivolous, and vexatious petition, complaining of the election and return of John Mayor, esq. to serve in this prefect Parliament as a burgess for the borough of Abingdon, do make satisfafitioa to the said John Mayor, esq. for the colt and expences he has been put unto by the said petition." Which was agreed to.

February

47* PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

U February 15.

The Earl of Lifburnc presented to the House the following account.

Nervy-Office,. 12, 1781.

An Account of the Sum* of Money laid out on the Head of Extra of the Navy, between the 21 fi of December 1779, and the 31 1780,

Sflinguishing the several Ships and Services on which the fame have been, expended: Preparedpurfnant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 4th of December

Ships N and Cam- Naturetf their

Deptford.

74 Goliath, building 64 Magnanime, built Standard, ordered 1 to be built § 36 Flora, built %% Myrmidon, building 74 Vanguard,order- cd to be built J

Expended for the

Nulls .Maps® Yards. Rigging & Strut.

S.

L

3°37 1*

*5865 o

5644 16

3602 11 3438 10

98 2

d.

1

6

9

4

3

5

L' *• 5494* 5

5266 12 382 7

d.

Yet ah

3°37 11 21359 6

5644 *6

8869 3

3820 17

98 .2

Not provided for by the

35 lSo

98 Imp pregnable, or- I dared 1to be built J 32 Alarm, great 28 Mercury, built Vestal, built Sloop. Scourge, built Gutter. Ranger, fined Repulse, fitted Advice, fitted

Resolution, fitted

Royal Charlotte, fitted

Manilla, fitted

Raikes, fitted

Woolwich.

64 Sampson, building 50 Europa, building 38 Minerva, built 32 Mermaid, building 98 Prince, ordered tol be built J

50 Ifit, fmaill 32 Winchelsea, great

Those marked thus are armed Transports.

dm

1

2

9

5

9

5

35 »S

S97S 8 11 2662 1 1 8637 10 0

368 18 9 2825 17 5 3^4 16 2

1233 3 3 3084 10 10 4317 *4 1

3S 17 0 23318 6 260 XS 6

S9S 4 10 343 *3 10 938 18 8

547 10 8 349 " 9 897 2 5

434 17 8 366 2 4 801 0 0

, 3335 11 10 *535 14 9 4871 6 7

1 3439 IO 3 2178 18 2. 5618 8 5

1711 10. 0 1078 16 0 2790 6 0

1644 2 1 668 17 7 2312 x9

4247 ’9 11 492 *8 0 4740 x7 xi

3>7 14 0 492 7 6 810 1 6

1W77 >5 8 3964 11 S 14842 7 4

6 16 11 6 16 11

Violate*

4579 8 1 3743 19 7 8323 7 8

no *9 2 110 x9 2

Porpoise,

A.

Gum.

I.

Refsirt.

D

K --

E BATES.

£• <*• d-4893 II, 9.

>597 4 4 S°2 it 6 6545 11 5

J t

0 9,

t

Porpoise, fitted

Pondicherry, fitted Sloop. Merlin, fittc4 36 L.a Prudente, fitted

Chatham,

98 Atlas, building 654

64 Diadem, building. 2018

30 Leander, built 7 jQp27, id 4

44 Dolphin, building 7562' 18 Q

32 Amphion, built 7070 18 11

74 Bellona, large 6oco

Leviathan, brder- 1

‘ ed to be built J 9

'Not provided for 7>v the 90 Blenheim, great* 1678 4? 9 74 Arrogant, Ween 1

middling and great j -537 7 5

64 St. Alban, great 13689 1 9

50 Preston, fitted 4844 13 11

44 A&eon, fitted 2475 6 10

40 Artois, fitting 881 i% II

20 Perseus, (mail 2197 6 4

Cutter. Speedwell, fitted 6oq 12 o Cruiser, fitted 646 i£ 4 50 Warwick, fitted 3660 7 Q

Sheerness,

64 Polyphemus, building 819 Not provided for by the

36 Sta. Margaritta, fitting 3978 16 9

eo Chatham, fitted _ 2972 6 9

Sloop. Martin, small 1117 7 IQ

Portsmouth.

98 St. George, building 70 14, 6 74 Warrior, building ?793 3

Bulwark, ordpredtol be built J

Riggingt

.2I38.!?, 1100 6 14, ,963 19 6

3637 8 8

5571 8 -2 123 17 8

3*3 7 5 3649 11 ,o

3894 16 11

285 11.

36, 16 1090 3 824 9 808 13

4^5° n

1942 6 6

2228 10 10 1584 o 4

Leopard, building 24 Crocodile, building., 1394 12 IQ 828 O O

Eurydice, building 2149 4 0 624 16 4

98 Barfleur, small 10029 18 10 5439 14 3

84 Royal William, between middling & large j

Vol. XVIII. Ppp

47$

Total.

£.

7«32 1 3

, 2697 IO. % 1466 II O 102,83 o X

, 654 7 4 t 2018 o 6 16498 18 6 7686 15 8 7384 0 4

79599 1* 9

191 t it

1678 4 j

53.76' i S 1.^583 18 f

1844 13 11 2760 18 "3 9*7 18 4

4187 9 11 1425 .4 >455 6 7 7711 211

8 ’ 1 9

.3922 3 3 caoo 17 7 2701 8 2

70 14 6 2793 1$ 3

3222 12 IO

2774 o 4 15469 13 1

474 PARLIAMENTARY

(ran. Step airs.Hfttls, Migghg,

£f S* S'

Not provided for by the Eftfauile,

64 Monmouth, small, 6447 0 3 20$

FircShip. Explosion,'| between middling f

Ve.

d.

A* 178*

d.

r*L

L

and great 51 Hannibal, built Princefia, fitted 68 Diligente, fitted Monarca, fitted 64 PrinceWilliam, fitted 495 g6 La Belle Poule, fitted 3394

p 10 6665 10

p 5il *77+ 6 S

La Nymphe, fitted t Monlieur, fitted Santa Monica, fitted Sloop. puGuayTrou- 1 in, fitted

Cutter, Mutin, fitted PLYMOUTH.

100 Royal Sovereign, "I building )

n8 Glory, building 74 fcaefar, ordered tol be built J

64 Anion, building co Medusa, building 26 Nartiflus, building J4 Hero, large Kent, middling

3469 to

I

19600

3*4

16309

ao8

Not provided far by the Estimate,

|0. Salisbury, middling *8 Solebay, middling 80 Gibraltar, fitted 22 Oiseau, fitted Sloop. Echo, fitted San Carlos, fitted Cutter/ Pilote, fitted

7 3680 6 ipan 6, 855a

7

19

7

IS

I

3116 IQ 4284 O

i7352 19 939 3 1317 ® a88i 13

7«o s

3

11

s

® I

38

*59

4641

5869

*214

7*

7 O

5

1

3

X

3

9

o

11

2

10

11

22

40

2!

9

9

10

if

o

ft

11

9

4

18

t

1043 ia j

2970 IQ

87»S o

,3772 2

1569 l8

1S3 5

788 2

BO

X

.2

7

i»

3034

U6 8 11

4

3

4

9

»(

(ft

a

1^39 10836

11727

15$

343*

3328 8364 *4 9867 13

34*o 15 s

Mi »4 *(

7.

|o6«x) 7 5

*9 4

SS« 7 20390 13 3

I9SI >3 *9

3116 to

7*14 U

16068

4

3

IQ

2

ittr* 276781 17 i& 155^3 f36£- 43*975 10 7

Slips

L.

A.1781

DEBASES.

- Shift building in Atercbant? Yards.

Guns. Rrfairs*

River. Thames*

74 Fortitude, built,

64 Sceptre, building Assurance, built 38 Latona, building 64 Dictator, building

SJuno, built Africa, building Scipio, building «2 Orpheus, built 04 BeUiqueux, built Crown, building Gravesend*

Jjf0*} Zebra, built

Dover*

Fire ship. Ale£to, build* - — Tifiphone, build.

Mistleythorn. 32 Iphurenia, built Harwich*

74 Irresistible, building 64 Indexible, built East Cowes.

Repulse, built 3a Aftrea, building Northam.

64 Stately, building 32 A&hre, built Bursledon*

32 Fox, built 64 Ardent, building 32 Quebec, building Buck£ershard. 64 Agamemnon, build.; - Bristol.

44 Diomede, building 38 Aretbufii, building -Howdexpan*. 44 Axgo, jpuilding

HuUh Ok,

i* d* 15442 15 8 10814 10 o 7680 13 a 9195 11 o 2718 17 11 8727 q 8 14026 11 o 19 19 8 8202 15’ 5 121C1 9 11 5406 14 8*

4009 9 3

2201 o 6 *300 3 6

44*x> 9

6568.10 o 6346 I

657a- IO 2

2610* O O

2667 84 9

911* 5 4

6828'10 5 2697 o a 2611 10 o

10368 7 6

37*3 5

561* it

1

10

6701^ 4 Ppp a

Rigging,

9*53 11

5609 12 3

5" 3 a

4579 *3 8

1067 10 1

4670 4 1 6329 17 4 375 4

2751 o 1

*$0 o o

134B 7 3

416 o o

5399 6

5685 9 9 320 15 6

5286 II 7 4961 s 4

148016 o

3886 a 4

1269' to tt

475

w.

jC4 24696 6 10814 10

A

10

o

13290 s 5 9716 14 a 2718 17 11 *3306 14 4

15044 1 l 19 19 8 12872 19 6 18481 7 3 5842 7 o

6760 9 4

2541 o 6 2360 3 6

748 16 6

6984.10 o

"745 I "

12237 19 tt 2930 15 6

2667 8 9 14398 16 14

"789 15 9

2697 o o

2611 to 0 41849 3 6

37*3 *5

9504 a

7973 4

lav*-

47.6

Gtass,

PARLIAMENTARY

1278 16- .6-

, V '

3289 13" 9'.

3293

1286

Repairs, Hulls, &e.

i*'

Liverpool.

32 Dedalus, built 545? 17

14 Sloop. Alligator, built 2056. '9 32 Success, building 2614 3

50 Assistance, building 8708^0 32 Ceres, building 2510 6 Not provided fer by tU

•River Thames. l*

32 Andromache, building 1416 4'

36 Perseverance, building 5711 I2:

44 Resistance, agreed ‘

’ for to be built 74 Powerful,1 agreed. for to "be built'

— Defiance, agreed for to be bpilt Guardian, building Gravesend.

50. Cato, building '

Wivenhoe.

16 Sloop. Inspector,

0 ' ‘building -

Dover.

Cutter. Pigmy, built 1123 2 Cockatficej building 570.131 Folkstone.

Sloop. Scour, built 3777 *5 7 : SANDO ATEk

Sloop. Fortune, built j Northam.

44 Mediator, building

Regulus, agreed for 1 V to be built Jj Bucklershard.

64 Indefatigable, agreed 1 for to be built J 44 Gladiator, agreed 1-

for to be built J 1254 r1 Bristol.

12 SVrmagant, .‘buift c 7725*4 Hermionc, building .1315 17

di H

Rirriir, &c.

£. s. d.

4097 12 1

2605 9 7 3951 19 1 4310 4 4 118 9- 9

1801 2 o%

51 6 8

11

6

3777

3562

3761

1249

>7

18

3

11

18

90 o p 40 o o

1373 x4 9

1447 1 11

907 7 s

A* 1781*

Tutsi.

£* Sm

9555 9 I 4061 17 8

6566 2 9

13018 4 9

3328 16 o

r

1476 4 2

57II 12 I, 1278 16 6

3289 13 9

3293 9 4

1286 4 o

1801 2 o

. 3x2 6 8

1213 2 it

610 13 6

5151 10 4

5009 19 1

3761 18 9

1249 3 9

2673 11 2

X254 18 9

t

8632 it 9

1 *3*5i*7 .6 44 Seiapu,

A, 1781.

Cmnu

D lA; T E

44 Sera pis, agreed for to be built

50 Trusty, agreed for to be built 32 Druid, building,

Liverpool.

50 Gras1} .-■* °.v»

38 Phaeton, building 1879 2 O 16 iloop. Ariel, build. 512 17 -9

Hull,

jC*

1245 V o

*S1 S o

1315 17. 6

Ri£fi*£, &c.

£. i. dL

1:0*.

ttt-t

T.m/.

1245 9 0

JS57 5 ° i3xS *7 6

1799 o 6

1879 2 o 512 17 9

Total Merchts.Yqrds, £.255504 ,l6j 85024 3" 0^.340528 19 10

—I—---- - «——..........,}:jV—T"— ----

7om/ £. 276781 17 i £. 155193 <3 6 £. 4^1975 10 7

■ j .........—r; ■1 ~—

Total. JT. 532286 13 24921 jr.1^ 7*72504 10 5

, i.

0» Works of the Yards.

Woolwich, v\

Not provided for by the Estimate. £. ’ s. J.

Towards building iron sheds at the storehouse 1089 6 3

Portsmouth.

To 500 feet ruQning length of stone wharf to the west-side of the watering island To 116 feet running length of stone wharf to

the east and weft (ides of the Camber - - 3961 2 I x

To 275 feet running length of stone wharf

in the boathouse channel - - 6765 1 10

To completing the rigging house - - 6760 10 2

To completing the storehouse for fitted rigging - - - I9IS 3 9

To completing four new houses for the surgeon, boatswain, clerk of the rope-yard and master rope-maker - - 571 9

To building a new hemp-house

Not provided for by the Estimate.

To building a storehouse for Dantzick plank,

Prussia deals, &c. at the new ground - 4529 15 5

Towards an inclosure for masts and fir timber

at the new ground - - - 1362 6 7

PARLIAMENTARY ^1781.

£. s. L

To completing the new ffbrdiouft - - 1549 10 2

Plymouth.

Towards completing the wharf and town drain at the back of it, building a cabin for the matter boat-builder, a pitch-house and fleam-trank for the use of the boat-house on the north-fide of the new boat-houses - 3198 16 3

Towards completing two bay a of boat-houses and forming a flip in front of them - 1005 19 7

Towards completing three bays of top and capfton houses and a flip in front of them - 1747 x 10 Towards carrying up five walls for forming the locks, making the locks in the taaft pond, and completing the fame - 62341910

Towards erecting a mould loft and five bays of

plank houses over the locks - - 2199 15 10

Towards compleating a bridge at the east end '

of the new mast-house - - 89 I O

Towards building the new barracks for marines, at Stonehouse near Plymouth Not provided for by the Estimate.

To levelling the rock in front of themafb-

house flips - - - - 516 ia 6

To completing four new bays of mafthonfes 1370 o 6

Total £. 44866 10. 2 Total for the foips brought forward £. 772504 10 5

Grand total £% 817371 o 7

ABSTRACT

illlTlACT.

Spence on the farerat {hips and (crvices.

Included in Che Not provided for TotaL

estimate. by the estimate*

.£• i* d*d*

For the {hips in his Majesty’s yards ♦ 1*0*069 8 6 261,906 1 431,975 io 7

For the ships in merchants, yards - - 202,450 12 l 58,072 7 9 340,528 19 10

Towards the improvements in the yards - - 34,448 *8 9 10,417 11 5 44,866 10 2

Grand total £. 486,^74 *9 4 33°>396 1 3 817,371 o 7

W

M

H

Viz. The sum of eight hundred feveateen thousand three hundred and seventy one pounds and seven pence.

1

CHARLES J. Williams*

Edmd, Hunt,

Clou Marsh*

tt

F

tglr«y

4*0

Sr rjofo

9t*why.

VL North.

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7St#

The order, of the day Was ter eall over the defaulters who had not attended on the call of the Houfp, on the 13th of January, [See page 377] When the nauge John Roberts, Esq. member for Taunton, came to be called, no gentleman offered any cxcufc for'Mr. Roberts’s absence, upon which Sir Jo/rpb Mavubey fiid, that the lenity of the House in not enforcing their own orders respecting the non-attendance of their members, when a call of the House took place, rendered calls of little or noefft£L The critical situation of the country rendered it highly necessary, that the attendance of the representatives of the people should be as complete as possible, he therefore, without meaning the least personal ill-will to any gentleman* much less to Mr. Roberts, for he had not the honour to know him, Should move, That John Roberts, Esq. member fof Taunton, be lent for in 'custody of the feijcant at arms, and brought before the Hqufc, to answer for neglect of his parliamentary duty, in not obeying the speaker’s warrant, and attending in his place when the House was called over.’1 r - 0

Lord North submitted it tp The’honourable baronet, whether it would 'be right for the House to cpmmence a fev^ity, from which it had long related, with*a young member/Who might not be supposed, having never fat in parliament till fmee the last elc&ion, to bp pctfeflly acquainted with the rules and orders of the House/ Mr. Roberts, his lofdship observed, had attended ’Parliament before |he refccis^and therefore he trusted would not be deemed so negligent as to merit the severity that the honobrable baronet’s 1 hot ion went to enforce, and he further submitted it tq the House in general, whether it would not be mote just to revive the rule of moving that a defaultef be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms agiinft some o)d member, if it should appear that any old member was a defaulter.

Sir Joseph replied to this argument, and desired that the proceedings of the House on a limilir occasion, in February 1738, might be read.

It appeared from these extracts, tjiat two members were upon a call made air-that period*, defaulters; the House divide, cd upon the question in the case of the first of the two, and it waw negatived, but in the case of the second, that of Sir William Courtenay, it was carried, in the affirmative, and Sir William was ordered to be taken mto'custody.

Sir Joseph argttod from tins precedent, that the House were now much more lenient to Mr* Roberts than they had 1 been

I

48I

A. 1781. DEBATE S.

been to Sir William Courtenay. The questioa wa« put* and the House divided. Ayes 140, Noes 114.

The clerks proceeded to call over the rest of the defaulters names, and when one gentleman of the number came to be mentioned, for which no other excuse was offered* ‘Sir Herbert Mackworth said, he had seen him lately* and he told him* be was going very shortly to be busily engaged about an important affair. The House requested Sir Herbert to date what affair. Sir Herbert replied, u an affair of marriage 1"

This caused a hearty laugh, and was accepted as a sufficient excuse. When Lord KLenfington’s name was called* Mr. Robinson said he had written to the noble lord to inform him of the call of the House; that Lord Kensington wrote him back word, he would set out instantly for London; Mr. Ro-binfon therefore said, he imagined his lordship Was on the road. Sir Joseph not admitting this to be a sufficient ex* cufe, moved, c< that Lord Kensington be sent for in custod^ of the Serjeant at Arms." Mr. Robinson moved, as an amende rhent, that the words ufent for in custody, &c." be left out, and the words " be excused," be inserted in their Head.

This gave rife to a short debate.

Right hon. T, Townshend reprobated the amendment as artR^hthon. attempt to turn a grave and serious business into ridicule. T,

He rfiked 'whether that House meant to countenance such endeavour to make the orders of the House of less effect, than the ministerial letter of the secretary of the treasury } and declared, that if the amendment was infilled on, he would move another amendment, and take the fenfc of the House whether the word not should not Hand between the word be and the word excused*

Mr .Robinfonexplained his meaning, declaring* that lie Mr.

bad not written to Lord Kensington ministerially, but had/tf. given him notice of the call as a friend; and as he had Hated the noble lord’s answer, he would persist in his amendment, unless the original motion was withdrawn, which he thought hard and unjuff, considering the circumstances of the case.

Lord North supported Mr. Robinson, and said he did not atLd. Mr/*, all wonder at the furious and indignant manner in which the honourable gentleman over the way had spurned at his honourable friend’s amendment, tt Was that honourable gentleman’s custom to be furious and indignant at cvety thing and at nothing; whether the subject was really of the last importance, or of no importance at all. His lordship said,

+Si PARLIAMENTARY A, 1781.

he had understood, that provided an excuse was marie for a defaulter, the House had agreed to accept it, even though it were not so strong as the House might wish.

Mr. Cwrte- Mr. Courtenay declared himself not in the lead led

that any gentleman should take stre at a monosyllable, orex-prels an alarm at one word. He bad found before, that a Single monosyllable frequently contained much lurking mif-chiefin it, [yf laugh.(]^wlfome gentlemen .could lee danger where others thought there was none. What had passed, reminded him of a story which he learnt at Rome—there was an old woman, and Ihe was a Scotch woman, whose son got his bread by carrying dung from the city in a boat down the river, to manure the country. His mother, who saw great danger in this, used to walk along the banks of the river, and cry out, cc Oh, Johnny Anderson, Johnny Anderson, why wilt thou be so venturefome ? Wilt thou never leave off ' challenging the danger of the sea

‘The motion was withdrawn on the suggestion of Mr. T. Pitr, and other gentlemen. i The lift being ended, Sir Joseph Mawbey moved, <c Thar the House be called over again that day four weeks."

Sir ThotrmtSir Thomas Clavering opposed it, on the ground that it yyas Cawing. unusual to call over the House twice in one fclfion.

The question was put and negatived.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke rose abput half past ftx o’clock, and previous to his entering on the, subject of hi? intended motion, he moved that the Journals of the £th day of April 1780, be read. They accordingly were so, and the matter referred. to was as^ieijows :, r.

‘r " Resolved, that it is necessary to declare, that the in-

fluence of the crovvn has increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminished.

u Jhat it is competent to this House to examine and correct aliufes in the expenditure of the civil list revenues, as wpll as in every other branch of the public revenue, whenever it {hajl appear expedient to the wifdora of this House *\ so to do.

<c That it is the duty, of this House to provide, as far as may be, aq immediate and effectual red refs of the abuses complained of in the petitions prefeated to this House from the different counties, cities, and towns, of this kingdom." This being done, he proceeded to state to the House his, ©ccalion for renewing this important business. These refo-

lutions

A. 1781. DEBATES.,

lutions, which had been made in the last fefiian of the last Parliament, he considered as a valuable legacy bequeathed to the public, and an atonement for the criminal servility which had marked and stigmatized their previous conduct. Even in their present form they were something more than declaratory; they formed a title, and a body of maxims authorizing the people of this country to expect from their present representatives that which is declared to be necessary by their predeedfors. They were incomplete, indeed, in their present form; they wanted specific conclusions to give the effect and benefit which they held out. It remained for the present Parliament to accomplish and fulfil what the other had but begun, that the resolutions, which had been read, might not Hand upon the Journals, public monuments of their disgrace. He had intimated to the House, that on this day he intended to renew the important consideration of this business, and offer to them proportions for carrying into cffe& the resolutions which had been read. He bad cholen that day, as it was appointed for the second call of the House, from the prolpect of a full attendance; and he was happy to lee that his expectations were not frustrated. He would not on the present occasion trouble them lb long, to enter so fully into the merits and practicability of the proposed reform as he did the year before; because he was well convinced, that every part of the House was now in full possession of his ideas on the subject These resolutions were the result of a long, deliberate, and sober debate, when the House was well attended, and when a spirit pervaded every corner of the place which was friendly to reformation and oeconomy. They did not originate in that House; the spirit came from abroad; they came from the high and towering mountain of public spirit, initiated by suffering and arouled by necessity, Jt was that spirit which had piled up heaps of complaints and petitions on their table, and had pointed out to them what was necessary and what was looked for. In consequence of this burst of public opinion, the House became virtuous apd wife; they attended their duty without any influence of grace, or treasury document in their pockets; and adopted the spirit which their constituents had infpjred.

On coming into parliament, therefore, the first thing which had struck him as his duty, was the famous resolutions which had been made in consequence of that spirit; and he had, soon after he came amongst thein, given notice

0.1 1 ? 6f

PARLIAMENTARY A; 1781.

of his intention of moving, on that day, for leave to renew the business. This was the purpose With which he role, and he entertained the confidence of meeting with men, irt the new Parliament, who would consider it as their duty to go hand in haod with him in carrying in»o execution the \vifhes of the people; those wishes which had been delivered in thunder and lightning, and which they now expected to fee carried into fruition. It being admitted that a speedy and effectual redreis was necessary, there could be no excuse nor apology for carrying it into execution, The wisdom and power of the present Parliament were the foundations on whifch public confidence could rest. The wisdom and the power were all that could bp conceived to be necessary to the accomphshment of this business. The wisdom and the power of Parliament were adequate to all the purposes of national security, (economical government, and public respect. They woiild not for a moment believe that Parliament wanted integrity to adopt what its wisdom suggested, and its power could execute. They would not believe, that they wanted inclination to satisfy the minds of the people, tp attend to their legal petitions, to hear and to inquire into the truth of their complaints, and to grant them the full redress of every actual grievance. They would not give harbour to such a suggestion, until they could reason from experience; and not thinking, therefore, that their re^ presentatives wanted' integrity, they trailed every thing to their power and their wisdom. The people from every part of the country had declared, that cecdnomY and retrebch-roent was required to the exigence of the state, and they considered it as a measure that ought to be adopted. He was happy that in the course of his studies, (if any thing to which he applied himself might be allowed to claim the distinguished appellation), he should have met the public spirit and thp public voice on its way. Their ideas had beep the fame, and therefore he thought himself justified in signing the petitions, and in offering to the consideration of the House such thoughts as arose in his mind on the subject. The people had applied to the House, and though they had not agreed in any one system of complaint, or plan of reform, yet they had all dated either errors or calamities in the administration of government, and expence, which certainly pught to be rectified, although they did not agree in the means. He had not gone along with them in all their ideas, because be did not cohceiye tljat they \yerc all practicable or

proper

AJ1781. DEBAtES.

Proper. Something good there was in all the petitions; and though they had ptepared various plans, and had differed about the mode of red refs, therfc were two things in which they had all agreed; and those were, that retrenchment and ^economy was necessary, and that th influence of the crown was become dangerous, and alarming in its extend. The last object was of the most serious importance; for it tfafs by means of this influence, that profuflon and extravagahte were increasecf. It was the creating and created power; influence and profuflon were mutually dependent on each other, and by their joint force and aflrflance were supported and increased. They declared the necessity of diminishing that influence, which had rendered the two Hoofes of Parliament accessary to the power of the crown, instead of being a balance agaidft it.

It was the duty of a wife Iegiflature to listen to the applications and the Complaints of the people. Like the ikilful phyfleian, they were to feel the pulse of the patient, and having discoveredthe feat and the nature of the disorder, they were to Apply the remedy. They were not, to withhold it, because the people were patient under suffering; of because they were clamorous. They wfre to study the temper, to look into the constitution, and the state of the governed, and watching their motions, they were to apply the remedy at the proper season. When the petitions were presented to the House, there were general meetings of the: people irt every county and city of the kingdom; they were legal and grave in their deportment; they were peaceable and loyal: some men in that House had pretended to charge them with illegality in their proceedings; that their meetings tended to disorder and convulslon; and were unwholesome, and unfit to be suffered. Without entering into any refutation of a charge which he considered as ill-founded and ridiculous, he would only say, that whether they were so or hot, it became a wife and prudent Iegiflature to attend to the reality and the body of the complaint, and not to the form or the irregularity in which it was made. This was their duty as well as their prudence and policy; and in attending to this, they would chufc rather to dissipate complaint by removing the evils, than by correcting the heats arising therefrom. The difference between a wile and an intemperate government was, that the one administered, without justice and mercy, without being influenced by the petulance, PF disturbed by the clamours of the subject; it was not; heated

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

heated by the violence of resentment, nor rendered severe and obdurate by the patiencp of suffering. An intemperate government, on the contrary, entered into all the beats, alarms, and suspicions of the people; they whipped the infant till it cried, and whipped it for crying. When the people were submissive, the government was cruel; when they were violent, it was cowardly.

In consequence of the petitions laid upon their table, two attempts had been made to carry into execution the wishes of the people. An honourable friend of his had introduced a plan to correct the abuses in the public expenditure, by which the money would be brought to a more speedy account,. and be applied more (Economically to the public service. This plan, founded in wisdom and the fairest probability, was superseded by a scheme of the noble lc/d in the fcjue ribbon, who thought that a tribunal erected by himself, dependent on himself, and paid by himself, would answer the purpose of correcting the abuses complained of, better than any other fyftcin of regulation : and by this hopeful expedient he took from Parliament their ancient, hereditary, inherent right of controuling ( and checking the public expenditure. He trusted, however, that the House had divested tbpmselves of this right but for a time, and that they would, on reflection, fee that they had parted with a great constitutional benefit, for a chimerical, unsubstantial good. He reprobated the conduct of the noble lord in this respect, as at once delusive and ungentlcman*like. The second attempt to carry into execution the wishes of the people, had fallen upon his shoulders; it was a plan for an (Economical reform of many abuses in the civil department of government, and for retrenching the influence of the down, maintained by the emoluments of useless offices, and of unmerited pensions. The House knew the circumstances, and the fate of that plan. It consisted of five bills, two of which were allowed to be printed, and consequently the young members, as well as the old, were acquainted with than. The first was a bill for an (Economical reform of the public expence, by abolishing useless offices and unmerited pensions. The feroud was a bill for the better regulation of the civil list revenue and expenditure. These two were primed and known. The other three wrere objects of the lame nature, all forming parts of the comprehensive plan of general reform. His object was twofold, viz. <c A saving

in

A. i7*i. DEBATES.

in the public expences, and a redu&iort of the influence of the crown.’*

This resorth he endeavoured to effeCV, not arbitrarily, piece-meal, and at random, but upon certain principles by •which the different particulars} tn which he endeavoured to to effeCfc a reformation, would be connected into one system, which should grow, up by degrees to greater perfection, and be productive of still increasing benefits. He conceived that it was necessary to rcfcind unmerited pensions, to abolish useless places both in the court and in the state, and to inspect and controul the whole civil list. By the scheme he hail proposed, there would arise a saving to the public of two hundred thousand pounds annually, at least. But what he valued more than all this saving, was the destruction of an undue influence over the minds of fifty members of Parliament in both Houses.

The minister was pleased to receive the proposition with approbation. He paid compliments to the pribciple, and opposed it by detail.' At first, crowded Houses were seen in every stage of the business, and there was an appearance of conviction on the minds of men: they had no objection to the abstract and general propositions, but when they came down to specific reform, they ‘left him and his cause. The fqucamifhness of the'House was such, that after swallowing those parts of the plan for which something might have been said, in respect to the use, the {hew, the antiquity, or the respfect; they objected to others, for which the most ingenious advocate could not advance an argument. They nrft dwindled off from one question, and then silently dole away from another, till at 1 aft the whole was permitted to moulder and fhfink imperceptibly from the view, and he was obliged, after much fatigue, and no success, to give it up, with the mortifying, reflection, that his own labours, and those of the House, had produced no benefit to his country.

He was fully aware that there were only two cattles that could contribute for the success of a general plan of reform. The first and the most natural and easy was the approbation and the fopport of the minister. When public reform became a measure of state, and the sovereign was interested in the retrenchment of extravagance, then it became easy and secure. The other cause and occasion of success, was the spirit and the perseverance of the people: when they dif-played the grave and rigorous spirit of determination, and ibbcrly applied to their representatives for the reform, which

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

they conceived to be neepflary; then it was reasonable to expert that their virtuous resolution would communicate vigour to their representatives, and animate them to their duty. He thought it ncceifery to state Xnis to th^ House, as a justification of himself in bringing forward the plan; for nothing coufel be so ridiculous apd rgmaotjc as a re* former without,probability.and prospect. jje stated, therefore, those two grounds tojuftify the prudence of his attempt; (ince .though he was not abided by ,th^ approbation of the minider, he was seconded and suppbrted by the spirit and perseverance of the people. At that time he was <b cn-tr^ncljed by the petitions of the people, that he could not raise his. eyes and discover the enemy that lay on the other lide; now indeed the entrenchments were removed, the breast-wprk was taken away, and the enejny might view him t from the top of the head to the buckles in .his Inoes, and he could fee his enemy arrayed and armed ag?ind him. The auedion therefore was, whether, though it was right in the nrd indance, so defended, and so supported, it was rig^t now ? Whether he committed a rath and imprudent aft now in bringing forward the feme plan again ? He aderted, that there was no imprudence in the undertaking, because there was no change in the opinion of the people. Their fcotj-ipents were undoubtedly the fame, though they had not renewed their applications to the House. They might entertain the feme notions of the necessity, of the expediency, of thf virtue of such a reform, though they bad not in the feme anxious-and eager planner prefen ted their ideas upon.it to the House. He believed that many gentlemen present were %?$|1 convinced of the temper and the inclinations of their representatives: and though feme nobfe lord, with a blue ribbon, on the other fide of the way, (remarkable for his wit and humour) might be inclined to indulge his disposition on the present occasion, and exclaim, cc A noe mover of a popular bill; you who were rejected by your old conftjtuents, and by all the people of England at a general Cleftion, and who owe your feat to my courtely; ypu, fe be fare, mult be a faje mover of a popular bill!" JFrbm this infinuatfen it might be argued, that thejxoplc or England were difincliped \othe reformatiop proposed; ^Ufet h^s old cpnftituents, iq particular, had evidently (Jiewnthcir sentiments to be averse to the bill; because, if they hadi approved of his conduct, they would have chosen him again to represent them. To this he piuft apfiwer, that it was, ' ....... very

A. 1781* D £ B A .*1* ' £ St

Very true he was teje&ed by his old eonftitpents, and"tba,t he had not been chosen at the general election; but he denied the inference, though he felt the humiliation. 41 I do not think," fays the, honourable gentleman, 44 that because my -old constituents, have not made choice of me, the people of England, have rejected the bill !" His old epuflitu-ents might wish to have this business transa&ed by a man of more ability and more authority than. himself, and •fo might*the people of England;' and so did he. He came there humbled, but not diflarisfied; humbled, but not de~ .pressed. Though his old constituents had not thought proper to return him; yet as he was come back to that House, -He should think it his duty there, as well as in every situation in which Providence should be pleased to place him,* to act agreeable to the sentiments of obligation and redlitude. Humbled as he was, he wished not to have been the author of the renewed bill; but a spirit of politeness, which usually prevailed, and which had never been violated but in one snftante, and which he hoped, would never be violated again, had prevailed on gentlemen to lay the talk upon him, because he had been the original mover of the business. He begged leave to say, that though the people had not renewed their complaints, they had not rejected the bill. Their ideas were the fame, both of the necessity and the advantage, and in ,{orpe instances they had expreued their desires. They had sent deputies to town to concert measures for attaining these measures; they had recommended them as instructions to their representatives; and he himself had been honoured with an application from the county of Devon, requeuing Him to renew the attempt: and there he was, in obedience to their desires, recommencing the efforts which he had fr.uitlessly made the forrper year, in the service of those, for whom his bell services were due. Hp made no alteration in the plan; he meant, if the House would give him leave, to bring it forward in the fame frame, that he might have;room for all the; wisdom and all the virtue of the af* -iembly, tQ carry on and perfect the rude iketch of the re-- formation proposed. He mod sincerely wished that the noble lord in the blue ribbon would take the matter from his hand, and conduct it through Parliament. He would rejoice at the change; since ho did not fpfici^ the honour, but the advattt$ge of the jpl*n. If the noble lord, with his Aiming weapons, would fight the tattles of the jjeqple, secure of the benefits, if not of the triumphs ,of wijjjom, he would. Vol. XVIII. Rrr gladly

PARLIAMENTARY

>7&i.

gWlf court the (hade, fifcqu'tltered from ambition and popularity.

It might; be a iked with propriety, whether the necessity was Iefs now than it was before ? Certainly not. Had the people then abandoned the bill, because 'they had been silent ? Ger-• tainly ,nbt. Many causes might contribute to their silence. It might be owing to the respect which :they entertained ’for an untried Parliament. They iriight: conceive, that as die neccilityw^s pointed out so them, and the duty, the means might be fafeiy left to their wisdom, integrity, and discre-fion. Or perhaps their ftlence Was the effect of despair. They might fee and feel that their Wifhfes Wfcre incompetent with their strength, (hat Parliament was fortified by influence, and that as they'had nothing tohopefVom the independence, they had every thing to apprehend'from the power of "Parliament. And as to their endeavouring to extort their requell by force, they might feonefeiveJ that the remedy would be more fatal than (he aifeafe. 'He thought so too. The object wodld not jollify the expedient. But if they had hitherto patiently refrained from violence, and pfefeoted' their petitions with temper, it was a lign of the want of vlrtbe in !those who made the conscience and fortitude of the people an argument* agai nil redress. He warned'the House not to leave the people in so pernicious a fehtiment as despair: there are limrts? beyond which human forbearance cannot proceed.

He trusted, that the fame unbecoming and inhuman (pirit ‘ivould not’prevail in the House now, which had heen top viable on many fortner occafklns. Of construing every aft"and rcxpression of the people to their disad vantage; and raking :their coriduft, Whatever it might be, as a reason forobjeft-:ing to their ddires; r That if they were clamorous, they Hiould be c^rilidered'hs dkngferous, frn.d their petitions be re-jfefted, bccable their conduct tended to public convnlfion: *and if they were quiet, that their defTres should be refifted, as 'by their coofness they could* not be in eUrnefl. Such wa $ the Tophistical reasonidg 6f ministers, and thus they met the'applications of the people. If, urtder the apptehensions of national dagger, they should present a petition in great numbers, priyingTor a redress of grievahcfes-^-No— they arein-fblent, they c&Anot even he h&rd in Ibch a moment. This ‘is cruel treatment ;• for injustite jdbes not alter its niiftfte, by ^otokibg the tefeVittbent or the ifcgebf tftefe who Ihfler by *5t. fOn the other hind, wheU llhepeopte art*qbkt, it is (hid, ^Qhy ;never rtiiad'<thiftr j^tittons, Iheyiw t6b mttth cpftiei-V--.L, ' •- •* *ence

A. D' fi b a t e s:

ence to purfuelheir object at the riffe of a civil war. Indeed I hope they have, (hid Mr. Burke, and L ara one of those who think with them, that the object I'contend for, should not be (ought after through so dreadful a calamity. But I contend that this is very unfair reasoning; because the peoplb have fomc conference, that the minister and Kis friends are determined to have none at all. If the House were to der their rank and theif iituation, that they were the represen-tatvves of the people; dependent upon them, answlrable for thctr conduct, and charged with the guard ianfllip of the con* ftitation : considering themselves in that light, thoy ought to pay regard to the desires of the people, by whom they were conibtuted, and give the most serious attention to applica* tions so generally and seriously made. If they were to view, themselves'in another point of view, as a felfkrreattd, (elf* existing body, coming from the earth of the kingdom in which they lived, and attached to it by no other Ses Afllk such as were local and natural' a* cfrifcens, without bound as representatives, dill they were called upon by thfc' most serious motives : we were at war with ourletves; we were at war with oiir enemies; we were at War with our allies ;<and there was great reifon to apprehend that a more dteidful war was impending over our head war with those maritime powers by which our boasted naval (bperiority was fuflfered. It became them, in such a crisis, to have regard to every me* thod of retrenchment. In such a moment they ought to take from their civil eft&bltfhments to add to their military feryice* They ought not to prefer shew to fobft&nce; for the expellees of the war were too enormous to be always sustained by the people, unless fomethiirg was dohd to supply as well as t6 imr pov*ri(h*them, to feed as Well as tQ exhaun. The ministers boasted indeed, that the resources of the nation were unbounded, which, reduced to plain meaning, amounted to no more than this—as long as there 19 a penny in your pocket, I will find the means of taking it out. While you are patient, and have any thing remaining, I have not concluded my resource. While gentlemen of extensive landed property found it impossible to raise a (ingfie shilling on their estates, and saw their tenants starving by the enormous increase of taxes^ they were told that national distref3 was merely ideal, and as long as the premier could raise the ensuing year’s supplies, no danger was to be apprehended : but such deception could not avail to difpcrfe the fobftaatial calamities* the country, or counterbalance the good policy of our natural enemies.—We heard

Rrra much

PARLIAMENTARY A* 1781.

much of the spirit of the people.; that every thing wat to be accpmplished by the spirit of the people. When enemy fucr seeded \q enemy, and the guilty raihness of ministers leagued (contending states against us, an independence was to be ^maintained by the spirit of the people. Abandoned by our attics, and left by Europe to our fate, not alone, our refeue, but pur triumph was to be accompUshed by the spirit of th^ neoplc. In every iituation* in every danger, and in every eodpnT cy, we were to End reiource or consolation, escape or conquest in the spirit of the people. AH this might be very tine; the spirit of a free people would do much, but in his idea, a good deal of the consequence and effect of spirit would depend upon the strength. It was not proper to deny the manger, and to give the spur—that is to say, to deny thehorie his nc-ccflgry provender; and yet, trusting to his mettle, urge him by jtorture, to exertions for which his weakness was unquali-Jiedv The spirit of the people was the pride, as well as the bulwark of the country; and that spirit ought to be roused and noyrished by tenderness and lblicitude, not depressed and distipated by severity and neglect. The body ought to be fed, that the foul may have its energy, and what would be the greatest inducement to the spirit of the people } Participation and example ! He repeated it—participation and example, This would awake and animate the dormant flame of Britain* Let the government participate in the sufferhigs of the people. Let the King shew his subjects a glorious example of retrenchment and opconotpy, and fee if they have not virtue to imitate as ypell as to admire. This would give blood and bones and sinews to the war: the body thus inviT gorated, would acquire altivity in its movements, and ineligible force in its exertions. The honour and the glory would belong to the government.—It would be magnanimity for which they would become dear to posterity. Their names would bp reverenced, ami called up as bright examples to future state$.

. He placpd Parliament in anqther predicament. If they were tty} mere creatures of the crown, confiiituted, Fed, and dependent on tlje court, he aiferted that it would be their duty, and ought to be their inclination to advise the sovereign to ceepnomy and retfcnchmept, By the plan which has been prepared, they would be able to giye the King that which Kings in general very much desired—power j for (economy was power; it was wealth and refourep; it was men and ♦arras; it was all that ambition could either ppyet pr exert to

,. % jiccompIi£h

. A. 1781. DEBATES.

accompltfh its ends. Were he then the creature of a despotic prince, be should, as his couniellor in his aflerably advise him, in a time of trial and difficulty, to take from his ci»ril. expence, that he might add to his military establishment; to Jtake from shew, that he might add to substance; to make his people happy, that he might make them vigorous; to make Iiis war a war of exertion, that his peace might be honourable and secure. He would recommend nothing that would detract from his true grandeur, or from the pomp of royalty; but to divert himself of a little that he might keep a great .deal; to divert himself of profuiion, that he might retain his power. He would tell him, that in a moment of expensive trial, it was better to part with that which was ornamental, than with that which was solid; it was better to part with the embroidery than the coat; it was easier to retrench the desert than the dinner. He would tell him, that to keep up the parade and shew of royalty, without the power thereof, was like the absurd vanity of taking from the manger to decorate a poor starved emaciated horse, with bells and trappings, while the poor animal, deprived of food, tottered and groaned beneath the wretchedness of ornameat. Such language and advice would not be unseasonable di4 impertinent, if addressed to an Alexander, or a Charles, lince their retrenchments .might increase their powers of war, and enable them to difFule horror with more rapidity. But to a king like ours, who hated war, and loved peace; who participated in the interests, the joys, and the dilafters of his people, it must be at once proper and welcome; for what was the true glory of the king of a free people ? Sympathy. It was sympathy that made him great and amiablfc. A king is said to be the head of his people, not because he proudly overlooks his fub-jcdfcs from that eminence to which Providence has exalted him, but because he is the head of the body of his people, from whom they derive, by many communications of canals, 'and joints, and bands, that life and nourishment which actu-ate the whole frame.

If the stomach is rtek, the head is disordered; it is affected in like rpanner, by the other disorders of the body. The King, in like manner, fympathiles with the great body of his people, he rejoices in their joy; and isforrowful at their for-rows.. Such is our gracious sovereign. But a faction has, flopped between him and his people, and prevented that happy sympathy which should prevail between the head and all the inferior members of the body. This faction it is the bu-

ifnels

49+ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

fincfs of Parliament to qualh—to tear the veil that is thereby interposed between the Sovereign and the people; to dispel those clouds that hide the royafl countenance from his dutiful ' and affcfUonatc subjects. And surely no sovereigtt that ever swayed the British feeptre, had more occasion for /Economy than his present Majesty. He was blessed with a'more numerous progeny than any of his royal predecessors; they"were the objects of his pride and tenderness; they are also, fays the honourable gentleman, the objects of our pride, and ten-derness, for they are the children of the empire, as well as of the King; and it becomes us all to provide for their future grandeur, and respect. The respect, the credit, the dignity of the nation is concerned in their establishment; atw We must not, by irrational extravagance, abandon the fair erf-spring of Britain, and leave them beggars in the world; the mere fragments of royalty; kings of experiment, to fee how far respect would be connected with poverty, and royalty be maintained* when grandeur was loft. It was certain, that let the present war terminate’as it may, either now or at a efif-tant period; either in the reduction or the loss of Ainerita, we mould not be able to maintain a dozen courts in this country* What then must be the consequence of profnfzoh ? What but that we shall turn them Out bankrupts in fortune, while the parent’s heart must be wrung with the melancholy reflexion. His Majesty, who was inclined to cultivate thfe prosperity of his people, must feel the distreftes of his peopTe in this threatening ruin; and however he may be prevented by "the guilty interposition of counsellors, must be anxious to court tranquility and fame, by complying with the,wilhcsof his people; to restore the communication between the nerves and the brain—that all the emotions of the body may be transmitted through the fincdu£ts of the former to the latter, and from thence, with heat and moisture,' be reconveyed through all the channels of tht animal ceconomy, preserving the connection that makes them mutually affect, and be affect-cd by each other.

He was very sorry that last year he had been obliged to point out the King of France as a model for our trrinifters to pursue; and they were greatly to blame for having given bad advice to a prince, whole native goodness would have enabfed him, if he had been left to himself, to optriin the Kingsof France, or any other monarch, in the noble race of geiiero-fity and love for his people : they were enemies therefore to his honour as well as to hit crown, when they reftrfed to recommend

A. 17&1. DEBATES.

commendlfrugality in the expenditure of his treafares. The King of France had found sufficient resources in ceconomy for the iiipport of an expensive war; in the first year of it no taxes were imposed—the second year had passed over without any new tax; nay, the third year had begun, and no new taxes were laid; he believed the King had not even laid the ordinary war taxes. Thus his people felt the happiness of having a frugal prince, and a frugal minister: for frugality led the monarch to retrench from his own splendour rather than from the pittance Cf the subject; and in the abolition of six hundred and six offices, he has fouod out arefource to carry on the war^ without laying any additional burthen on his people; he had stripped hitnfelf of the pageantry and foppery of royalty, but he had equipped a navy; he had reduced the number of his servants, but he had increased that of his flaps; he had taken from his own personal eclat, but he had 'given to his country a marine, which will immortalize his reign: were Mr. Neckar’s plan to proceed no farther than it had already done, it had still produced'this essential advantage to our enemies, that they had sustained the efforts of Great Britain three years without any impoverishment, and had now enough to begin the competition of relburces with us, after we had been reduced, by aimofl every species of taxation ingenuity could invent. This was not overlooked by the French King; for Neckar alone.had flood his ground araidfl all the cabals and intrigues of a court, a stranger, and unprotected as he was, while almost every other minister had in his turn been dismissed. It was not yet true, as related in thenewfpapers, that he was dismissed the service. Calumny .might attempt perhaps to blacken this excellent flateftnan in liis sovereign’s eyes; but it was impossible to blind the difeernment of that monarch, so far as to efface from his memory this honourable truth,—u He has given me a navy, and has not laid a tax upon my subjects!"

We want, fays Mr. Burke, some such great mioiiler, who like Neckar would strike out new and bold paths, suitable to the pressure of affairs. There is nothing done but on a little, low, fraudulent scale, producing temporary supplies by retails of misfortune. Tedet barum formarum, Thele are vain and deluffve fhadovvs, give him body and fubffaoce— filidvm et fucciplenum. When the resources of France were thought to be exhausted; and every common channel was •known to be dried up* down Mr. Neckar dug into the mine of national wealth—he went to the spring and fountain-head

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

of revenue, and by demolishing the dams and dykes that Hopped the current of wealth, he brought into the exchequtr the value of six hundred useless places. But it may be laid, France mud have recourse to burthensome taxes at last—True, but has Die not fought with Britain for three years without them } And an exertion of three years may give her a deci-five luperiocity, thro* the extent of the war—it may pot her system into such a train, as to give the tone, and determine the complexion of a whole century. It will give more solid and permanent glory to the reign of Lewis XVI. than all the illustrious deeds of Henry IV.

He next suppbfed himself in a third iituation, a creature of the minister, without any attachment to the people on the one hand, or the monarch on the other. If such was his political character, then, as a friend to the noble lord, he would advile and conjure.him in sincerity to promote the bill now moved for with all his authority, to adopt it as his own measure, and thereby secure all the credit of it to himself. "I his the nobje lord knew from experience, was eaiily done, for to the great advantage of his lordship’s popularity, he had practised a similar manoeuvre on two or three different occasions already. Moll of the members of that House could recollect the noble lord’s doflrinc some years ago, respecting America. The right of taxing that country, he tiled to alfert, was inst-parably con netted with the very exigence of this. He would not hear a single proportion from that fide of the House, for relinquishing the claim of taxation; and yet when he thought proper afterwards to do that which was, by his own previous language, a political death-stroke to the country, iomething like cutting between the right and left ventricles of the heart, when he offered conciliatory proportions to our colonics, the whole credit redounded to his lordship; the moderate men of this country, as they were called, joined his lordship’s party, and reprobated the opportion; nay, even in America the mini Her was said to ectipfc his opponents in popularity. In the affair of Ireland, the event had been elofely firoilar, for after his lordship had in salt oppol'ed every extenlion of the Irish commerce, as long as he could lafely do so, he became at length a convert to that fide of the House, and behold the rai-nifter becomes luddenly popular in Ireland; gold boxes croud to him in abundance from all parts of the country; while he and others who laboured for the right of that kingdom at the expence of their popularity, in thU became odious as the fac-

A* 1781* DEBATES.

tious opponents of this patriotic minister, and wefrc even^ as he was told, burnt in effigy.

He therefore recommended to the noble lord, to take hit bill into his own hands. Though it would be considered by some as poifoti, as it came from its original author; yet, after it had been chewed and mumbled by the noble lord, it would be received as very salutary and palatable food. Such, was the fafeinating nature of power and pre-eminence, and such the ingratitude of man* that any little favour the powerful lord granted, though extorted by compullioh, was received with transport by the crouching slave, who was industrious to find out sinister motives to which to aferibe the actions of common men, however friendly and generous.

He therefore advised him by all means, if he wished for honour and fame, to adopt the plan, and accomplish the reductions proposed. He would establish permanent popularity, and would annihilate the opposition. It had been formerly advanced in favour of the influence, which it was the object of his bill to diminish, lt That such a principle was necessary for the support of government; that it was the aim of our constitution to give in influence what was loft in prerogative." He was very willing so fat to admit (this doctrine, as to allow that no rainifter would be uniformly supported without some kind of influence; for such was the diverllty of human opinion, that no abilities could always convince and guide without some bias in favour of the speak-er. But'there were different kinds of influence; one kind of influence, for instance, was that derived from fupefior wisdom and virtue,. which never failed to inspire reverence and respect, and by the exercise of which any minister might command support; another kind was derived from the power of distributing honours and emoluments, and this might be employed with equal success in any hands, good or bad. The. former of these influences he readily admitted to be necessary to the support of government, but the latter he mull ever deny to be either necessary or justifiable; for the influence of wisdom and virtue would always lead to wife and virtuous measures, but that of corruption to corrupt ones. The lift was the influence of bribery, and deserved to be called by no other name.

The power of distributing places, pensions, and honours, having been always in the hands of government, by many was confounded with the idea of government itself, and it was thought the one could not subsist without the other, confe-- Vol. XVIII. S s s questiy

497 '

40*

PARLIAMENTARY A. I7»f

<juently that the power of the date was weakened by a dimU nution of such instruments. They mistook the emoluments of government for government itself, and considersd it as a mere cabinet, containing a chest of drawers filled with sweet things. To be influenced by an admiration of wifdem and virtue, was to poiTels these qualities; but the influence of bribery he considered as pernicious to freedom as open force. It was said, that all free countries were corrupted by bribery. When virtue, which was the spirit of commonwealths and of all free dates, was gone, liberty could not long survive. A few were bought to impose slavery on their fellow-subjefib, and the price paid for their services was the only difference between a date possessing the forms of freedom, and one open-Jy despotre. An undue influence, he said, preyed on the very vitals of a conditution, and eat up the entrails, while the outward walls remained.'

It was as different from real government, as the mod opposite extremes in nature. His ideas of government were mod cffentially different. He considered government as the exer-. cife of all the great qualities of the human mind, with the mother virtues of prudence and providence at their head. To govern, was to be always prepared for peace or war. To govern, was to unite an empire in pne bond of obligation and affection,; to have but one direction and one' purpose; to have but one interest and one deflre; the direction and purpose, the intered and desire of common prosperity. To govern, was to possess the confiden e of the governed, that when the envy or the ambition of an enemy aimed an attack, pvery heart might agree in delivering the (word into those hands that had held the olive to their advantage. To govern, Was to act in a date of hodility, for the intered of the empire, and not of the rulers; it was to arouse the people, by sharing in their exertions—by proposing and beginning retrenchment, and shewing the use of oeconomy, by the advantages and fucccfs of it. This was government in his definition of the thing, and it was the only idea of government that he could possibly entertain; and thus government was as different from places, as services were different from salaries. It%was the nature of influence to produce a lupine negligence in government. Influence threw government asleep, and it foxnetimes awoke by darts and fits, after it had relaxed the deady reigns of virtue, into acts of the greated cruelty and ferocity. It led to anarchy and confusion. By influence and anarchy together, a mortification was always produced, which

wa#

A. 1781. DEBATES

was at lad cut away by the inciftons of the sharp knife of deipotic power*

It would be easy to shew, he said, by a detail of particu? lars, that the spirit of the British government was relaxedr—-that it was paralytic, undoing today what it did yederday, and totally unable to support its own weight.

The honourable gentleman now came to a conclusion; and said he would not trouble the House with any more reasons for bringing forward the fame plan again, which had engaged so much of the time and attention of the lad Parliament for so little purpose. He had made no alterations ip it, and he begged leave to give it to the House in jthe humble hope and confidence, that if they meant tp give it countenance an4 attention, they would do so with fairness ape) candour, an4 not with insidious respect in its outlet, tempt it tp a death of flow and lingering torture. He called upon the noble lord in the blue ribbon, who was to be the arbiter of its fate, and begged, that if he meant ultimately to give it a death droke, that he would save himself and the House much fatigue, and the nation much anxiety and disappointmpnt by drangling it in its birth. Let them try the matter of that day. it it wae to be tried. He called upon him to do this, and be at lead for one day a decisive minider. He concluded with moving in the words of his motion on the former year, u That leave be given to bring in a bill " for the better regulation of his Majesty’s civil edablishments, and of certain public offices» for the limitation of pensions* and the suppression of sundry nieless, expensive, and inconvenient places; and for apply* ing the monies saved thereby to the public service

Sss2 Mrt

This bill was cxa&ly the same as brought \a la£ year} an authentic copy of which the reader will find in the bfl volume of the last session, page 93*

The following is an abdraft of a bill, drawn by Mr. Burke, and prefenced to the House on the last day of last session.

Jib ft raft of a J}ILL " for the more perfcdjy uniting to the Crown the Principality of Wales, and the County Palatine of Cheder, and for the more commodious administration of justice within the same 3 af also, for abolishing certain offices no\y appertaining thereto, for quieting dormant claims, ascertaining and securing tenant rights, and for the fate of all forest lands and other lands, tenements, and here* ditajncnti, held by his Majesty, in right of the said Principality or

County

500

Mr.

tomif.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

Mr, Duncombeseconded the motion in a short speech. He

complimented Mr. Burke on the very great ability with which he had stated his comprehensive plan to the House, and Tor his firmness and assiduity which had risen superior to all opposition, and conibated every obstacle; the very Ample planner in which his honourable friend had opened the bill, he proposed again to introduce to the legislature, had left him

nothing

County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the produce thereof to the public service.^ '

It recites, that the holding the principality of Wales, and the county palatine of Chester, as territories and jurisdiction in many rc-fpc£ts distinct from the crown of this kingdom, doth produce unnecessary charge in the administration of justice, and doth a|so render file revenues thereof of little value to his -Majesty or the public.

For the relief of the nation, at this time greatly burthened.

The bill therefore ena&s,that the principality of Wales, and_county palatine of Chester, with all powers, privileges, and authorities thereunto belonging, be for ever united to the crown of Great Britain, and be wholly c*tinguished and merged therein by unity of pofleihon.

And that it shall not be lawful for his Majesty, by any grant or charter, hereafter to separate the fame*

It ena&s also, that after a time by the bill to be limited, all offices and employments which relate to the separate jurisdiction, or to the land revenues, of other separate revenues, the said principality of Wales, or palatine of Chestef, frail be abolished.

That nothing contained in the a & shall extend to alter fny powers or rights, whiph the justices of the great feftions, petty fdftons, or of? ficers thereof, at present lawfully hold within the said principality, or which the chamberlain of Chester, chief justice or other just ice of Chester, pr their officers, do execute, with regard to any jprifdiction in law or equity j or to take away the powers of any lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, cqftos rotulorurrt, clerk of the peace, justice of the peaie, freriff pr coroner j or to affect the liberties or franchises there? id hut the same to be hereafter held pnder his Majesty, and not otherwise*

With a proviso, that if any persons having office by patent or other* wife, for life, or good behaviour, which by this act is taken away, on proof of their title to the fame, shall be entitled to annuities, to the amount of the yearly profits of the fame, upon the certificate of the lord chancellor, that their right thereto hath been proved; the certificate to be produced at foe exchequer, to entitle them to the payment foereof.

That nothing therein shall extend to take away any matter eedefia-stical, which hath obtained by statute or usage, or to afte& any college, collegiate fphool, church, hospital, or any foundation whatsoever

but

J0<

A, 1789. DEBATES,.

nothing more to do than second the motion, which he did with the greatest pleasure, and the mod heartfelt satisfaction $ being convinced, that it was an object, to the completion of which the very respectable part of the constituent body of the nation, by whom he was delegated, looked forward with anxious expectation; they had expressed their wishes of the fub-jc& in terms the mod plain and unequivocal.

Lord

but the same shall be held, in all respects, under his Majesty, as it Jiath been formerly.

It cna&s also, that nothing therein shall extend to any (tile, or titles of dignity, now used, or hereafter to be granted by his Majesty, to the Prince of Wales, or the heir apparent or presumptive of the erown, or any other of the royal family, but shall remain according to the ancient usage.

And for the more (economical adeninistration of justice in the said territories hereby united to the crown, it cnafts, that after a limited time there shall be for Wales, and the palatine of Chester, for holding Courts of great section or commissions of aifize, oyer and

ferminer, or general gaol delivery, ope chief justice, and one other jpftice, hereby authorized to hold such courts in Carnarvon, Merio* neth, and Anglesea, and in the counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Montgomery j and two other justices of the great section, and no more, for the other counties of Wales, the said justices being the two fe-Udor justices now holding the said office.

It also cnafts, that the appointments shall hereafter be in the lord chancellor or lord keeper for the time being j and no new justice to be appointed until the dcccafe of those who at present occupy the said of-bees, or resignation or removal.

That the chief justice of Chester, or other justices, shall not be obliged on their circuit to continue the fitting of the session in any sown or place longer than to them shall appear convenientthe laid justices, or any person receiving an annuity in lieu thereof, to be incapable of fitting in Parliament.

It enafls, that after the passing of the act, all honours, manors, ' Castles, lands, &c. with their rights, members, and appurtenances, and which are now veiled in his Majesty, or shall be granted and fee over unto (in whose

seisin and possession the fame premises are hereby declared to be) their heirs and assigns, to hold the fame, and every part thereof, unto the said their heirs and assigns, for ever, upon trust, to sell and dispose of the lame in the planner herein after expressed.

It therefore enatts, that the said trustccs, and the survivor of them, or any or more of them, shall execute, to every person,

bodies corporate and politic, their heirs, successsors, and assigns, who shall become pus chafers of such conveyances as the purchasers, their

heirs.

Sos

Lord Ntrtf

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1780.

Lord North said, as the honourable gentleman on the other fide of the House, had called upon him to declare his opinion, of his proposed bill, and to inform the House what cooduft he meant to pursue, with respc£l to it, he would very candidly declare, that his opinion on the subject was not at all altered from that he entertained the last year, and that though he did not disapprove of the plan toto9 yet the parts which

appeared

heirs and assigns, shall reasonably require such conveyances to be valid to the parties against the present or any future Prince of Wales, or Karl of Chester, notwithstanding any misnaming, mifrccital, or other error whatsoever.

That the commissioners, or any of them, before

they proceed to the sale of the lands, shall cause a search to be made »n the rolls, files, or other records, kept in the -exchequer of Wales, the office of iurveyor thereof, the office of the chamberlain of the county palatine of Chester, or in any other office of receipt of Chester; a« also in the office < f the surveyor general of his Majesty’s land revenue j and shall from thence cause a schedule to be made of all lands, tenements, rents, forests, and other hereditaments, now in the seisin of his Majesty; distinguishing the eft ate s and interests of the several tenants with their rents and fines for twenty years past, as well as the counties, hundreds, and wapentakes, or forests, in which they lie, and the said schedule shall be delivered to the secretary of the commission to be appointed by this act, together with a reference on each article to the record, by which the said lands appear to be within the time aforesaid in the seisin of his present or late Majesty, or to have paid rent or fine to the kipg, as of the said principality or county palatine*

That all persons claiming an interest in the said lands, may have rc« course to the said schedule, and inspect and make a copy of any part thereof, on paying a fee to be stated by the bill.

And for the more effectually quieting possession, and for prevention of suits and quarrels, it enalts, that no manor, lands, tenements, ad* vowfons excepted, shall be sold by the commissioners, unless the fame have been in the actual seisin of the late or present king, or have been put in charge and answered to his Majesty, by reason of the said prin* cipality or county palatine, within twenty years past.

It also enalts, that ell persons who. hold either by; themselves or from their ancestors, and all who claim by, or under them, any honours, manors, lands, &c. within the said principality, or county pa* latine, and who have not paid or been charged within the terra aforesaid, shall, according to their several estates and interests, hereafter quietly hold the fame against his Majesty, and against any Prince of Wales, or Karl of Chester, or any persons who claim under his Majesty in right of the fame, by grant or lease, commenced within twenty years.

And in order to prevent the disturbanpe of tenants in pofiTeffioo any lands in this act duelled to be sold, it enalts, that the commissioners

A. 1780. DEBATES.

appeared to him to be proper to be adopted, bore To small a cotnparifon with the whole of the very comprehensive scheme, that he should be obliged to oppose it, in lbme future stage of the bill: his lordship said, he did not think it would be decent or candid for him, upon his own private opinion, to set his face against the bill in its iirft stage, by oppoling its introduction, since there were many new members in the

House,

sioners by this act appointed shall give a preference to the tenants in possclGon, in the purchase of any reversion, rent, fine, or acknowledgment, payable t6 his Majesty in right of his said principality o* County palatine; and that the said commissioners, or any of them, arc authorized to agree with the said tenant, on such terms that the said tenant purchasing the premises may have a profit of five per cent* in the purchase thereof, taken upon the rate of the present rent charge to his Majesty, and the value of rhcaccustomed fine on any renewal of leases : provided, that if the said tenant doth not pay one fourth part of the purchase money at the time of making the agreement, and one other fourth part on sealing his conveyance, and give such security as by the said commissioners shall be approved, for paying the residue within one year, the said falc to be void, and if any of the said tenants refuse to purchase, and'pay as aforesaid, the said estate shall be setup to sale, and sold to the highest bidder, paying and giving lc-furity as aforesaid : and that no conveyance shall be conclusively made, until the bargain be approved by the lords of the treasury.

And for the more profitable disposition of the forest lands, it enacts. That the said commissioners shall cause a survey to be made, distinguishing in the several parts thereof the timber, wood, and underwood; an entry whereof to be made in the observations on the said survey, and to be returned to the commissioners; distinguishing also the quality of the foil, and the mines, if there be any, or the probability of minerals to be found, to the bed of their (kill.

It likewise enacts, that after the said fu; vey is compleated, the commissioners shall hear and adjudge the rights of all perl'ons claiming common of pasture, agistment, pannage, turbary, or any other common of pasture in the said forests; and, upon an examination of the value of their several rights, qftimated on the profits of the number of cattle which have been usually kept thereon, or other profits by right of common, convenient portions of land shall be set out according to the value of their several rights.

And, for the better encouragement to the said inclosure, and to prevent partiality, or inconvenient intrqduftion of straogers, it enacts, that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, to offer the preference of the residue of the said forest lands ta those persons who hold in law or in equity, lands of inheritance within the said forests, according to the value of the land held by each person; and the commissioners shall cause the said lands to be divided into convenient portions, according

1 to

PARLIAMENTARY A.1781.

House, who, though they might have a general knowledge on the subje£V, could not be properly, informed upon it, to determine what line of conduct to pursue, until the first reading of the bill, when he presumed the honourable gentleman would move the House to order it to be printed, by which means the members would be put in possession of all the neces* iary information, and that then it would become his lo»d*

ship*«

*0 their several interests, and the same to be valued at the profit of five per cent, to the purchasers, with a proviso, that if any of the borderers shall refuse to purchase on the fame terms, the portion of him or her refusing, shall be offered to the person whose estate lies next to the said portion, and thus, until all have refused j and if all shall refuse to be* come purchasers, the land to be set up to the highest bidder.

That if any person or persons entitled to a portion of land in compensation for right of common, be minded to sell the same, in two years after the allotment aforesaid, he shall give the preference to the borderers, in manner aforesaid, before he shall contract with any ft: anger, otherwise the sale to be void.

That if any mines shall be discovered within any of the said forest lands, the same to be considered as the property of the several proprietors of the land in which the same are found, subject only to the provisions of the id and 5th of King William.

It further ena&s, that no persons, except those already entitled by leal'e or grant from his Majesty, shall enter into any mine, in any of the forests by this act direcded to be sold, or within the said principality and county palatine, without the consent of the proprietor of the said lands.

That if any person enjoying a lease of which the reversion is in his Majesty, for feirching and working of mines, upon any lands, other than those in their own proper feiftn, the/aid reversion shall be offered, at the rate appointed for the sale of lands by this act directed, to the holders of lands severall/ over which the said rights extend; and in case the said proprietors should refuse to purchase the fame, the said rights to be offered to the lessees or grantees of the particular estate, and in case of refusal, to be set up to sale to the highest bidder.

The commissioners to rpferve from sale, any portion of land, not exceeding two hundred acr^s in each allotment, where it may fcemtnoft convenient for the building of a town or village, and to put the fame into town lots, and to grant the fame in fee, on security given for the building of houses and cottages thereon.

It also ena£h, That when any part of the said forests is waste, and not within any parish, or where the parish may be deemed by them too Jarge, the commissioners may allot and set apart from sale any portion of land, not exceeding two hundred acres in any one portion; to be an endowment for building a church to be let for the said purpose, for

such

A* 1781* \ DEBATES.

ship’s duty to fugged such objections and observations to the House as might occur to him.

The Hou£e resolved. That leave be given to bring in the bin on the 19th instaot,

February 16.

In a committee of supply on the motion of Sir Richard Sutton, came to the following resolutions: that 13,4521. be granted as a compensation to the tTuftees for putting in execution an act of lad sessions for veiling lands for the security

of

1

such term, as to their discretion shall seem meet; the rents to be in the hilltop of the diocese, to hold the fame in trull, that the fame be apt plied towards the building of the said church, whenever fifty houfhol* ders in the neighbourhood shall certify that a church is wanting.

That when the church shall be built, it shall be lawful for the biAtop of the diocese, to settle the bounds of each church dillrift, which, after such appointment, shall be declared a parish, with a pro* viso, if it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners, that any impropriator shall by such disposition he proved to fufter any detriment by such distribution, he shall be compensated, according to hit iofs, from the fund arising from the sale of the forest lands.

That the collation to the said parishes, shall be in the bishop, and his successors; and when the bishop lhill collate to the said new church, the allotted lands shall be diverted from the bishop, and vested in the rector, and to be in full of tythy.

And, for the more speedy collection -of the arrears of rents, and duties, payable xo his Majesty, in right of the said principality or county palatine, and for the relief of those indebted to his Majesty, it further ena£ls, that it shall be lawful for the commissioners, at their discretion, on examining the parties, to compound the fame j and if it shall appear necessary on prompt payment, or security given for payment within one year, which security they are authorized to take, nnd compel payment by process out of the exchequer, as debts due to the crown j and the barons of the exchequer arc required *o issue th process.

That upon payment of thr money into the exchequer, Xbe debtors shall (land discharged of their original debts.

It further ena£ls, That all fame of money produced by fide of any lands, or hereditaments aforesaid, or by she payment or compoftdon of any debts, be Wdc part of the $ofcing fund.

And that all records relative to the principality of Wales, or pal a* line of Chester, by this act united to the crown, shall be delivered to the keeper of records in the tower, rolls chapel, or exchequer, thepe to be kept with true catalogues of the principal heads thereof,

Vo l. SYW, Tti

. PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*1.

of docks, (lores, and shipping, at Plymouth and Sheerned,

and for defending Tilbury Fort.

And 20,67 il. for the like purpose at Chatham.

Mr.T. Mr. T. Townjhtnd complained of the manner in which the

V'jvwfttnd. m0tion Was expressed, and said it was unusual: the honourable baronet had moved for a specific sum; whereas it was cudomary to move in the committee of supply for a sum not exceeding a given (am. And he thought, that in compliance with an established cullom, these two words u not exceeding,* should be inserted in the motion.

Hon, Mr. The honourable Mr. Marsham observed, that the public Wfirsham. been obliged to give five and thirty years purchase for them; he wished therefore to know whether the value had been determined by a jury, or whether the sums now moved for, were in conference of a bargain made by the treasury, without the intervention of a jury.

Sir Richard Sir Richard Sutton said, the sums he had moved for, were S$$tm In consequence of a verdict, a jury having fat upon each efti-mate : as to the omission of the words not exceeding," it was by no means material; and if the honourable gentleman would rather have them inserted than left out, he had not the lead objection to gratify hifn : his only reason for leaving them out, was, that as the sums had been specificaily allowed by the juries, he thought it unnecessary to qualify his motion, and had therefore moved for the specific sums so allowed.

Agreed to Adjourned to the 19th.

February 19,

Right hon. T. Townshend dated to the House that Mr. Roberts* who was ordered to be taken into the custody of fbtnd. the serjeant at arms, was now in town, and from the circura-dance of his firuation it was evident that his absence from the House, on the day of the call, was the effect of indifpo^ fition; he had been influenced by no private or personal motives in feponding the motion for taking him into custody; and he therefore begged leave to move, 44 That he should do flifeharged from the custody of the serjeant at arms."

Ordered.

Mr SibatuRoberts then came to his feat, and in a short speech expressed his gratitude of thanks to the House for their indulgence and lenity, and assured them it was not contempt or negligence that had made him disobey the call of the House; he was confined by illness, and was actually found in bed by the messenger of the House, and it was his misfortune that

bit

'v

A. 178*.

debates*

S*7

His colleague Was also unwell, To that neither of them could appear in their places, to apologize for each other.

Mr. Butke now brought in his bill, intitled, An act ct for Mr. Burke*

the better regulation of his Majesty's civil establishments, and of certain public offices, for the limitation of pensions, and the suppression of sundry* useless, expensive, and inconvenient places; and for applying the monies saved thereby to the public fefvice.* It was read a first time, and ordered to be printed, and Mr. Burke moved that it should be read for the second time on Thursday ntjet.

Earl Nugent rose, and objected to its being read on that day* ft was too early for so important a purpose. There were many young members who could not be conceived to be in possession of the plan, large and comprehensive as it was, and tvho could Hot make themselves matters of it in so short a time. Gentlemen would consider that there was notone day before Thursday on which they could read it with the attention which it delerved, since it could not be printed before Wednesday morning, and Wednesday was the Fast Day*

He was one of those who thought, like the noble lord in the blue ribbon, that there was a great deal in the bill which Parliament ought not to adopt* and something which perhaps upon confide ration they might' find to be proper and wife; it comprehended various innovations unprecedented in ourcon-flitution, and which merited the most mature deliberation.

Many weighty arguments had been urged against it last year, and principally this, that it tended to violate the sacred rights of property. Yet he would freely acknowledge that several clauses of the bill met his hearty consent, for that man mutt be absurd or profligate who would deny that oeco-iiomy Was necessary, or that corrupt influence ought to bd Supported; he was of opinion however that the contractors bill would answer almost every purpose which the bill was intended or calculated to effedfc. He concluded with moving an amendment, by inserting the words Monday, the 26th, instead of iC Thursday, the 22d.*

Mr* Burke ridiculed the idea of the House being unac-quainted with the principle or the tenor of his bill. There was not a member in the House, new or old, who did not know its nature and tendency at this moment as well as they could possibly do if the reading of it again was put off for months. The principle was known; and as to the other ob-ifc&ion of the noble lord, that some of its provisions were tit, and some the contrary, he would not be so disorderly as

T 11 z

to

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178*.

to follow the noble lord into that confederation; that would tome in proper time, when the bill was in the committee The noble lord’s reason9 for putting it off then in this respect would be just as applicable at any other time, and for an y further and continued delay, as they* were now. One reason which the noble lord had assigned was peculiar, and adapted to the odcasion. Wednesday was a fast-day-—so much the better-—it will bring along with it leisure and relaxation to the noble lord and others, now indefatigable in their attendance, and there could not be an object more proper for theif employment, on a day of faftipg and humila-tion, than the bill upon the table. It would bring into their view the measures and the misfortunes for which the day of falling and prayer had been appointed, as well as their re-; medy, it would shew them the pride and the influence that had reduced us to our dangerous and necessitous condition—-the insolence that had concluded in supplication—-the tyranny that had brought us to concession : it would recall to their memories the oppressions and the wcaknesses, the cruelties and the crimes of the state, and their contrition would be strengthened by the proofs of its necessity; here they would fee prodigality producing poverty; corruption, slavery; ambition, ruinous war; tyranny and oppression, resistance and revolt; and as the day was a day of fafiing, that bill would lerve them in the place of a dinner. Instead of the grace, they should have the preamble. The board of works would be one dish, and the board of trade be another. The noble lord would also find the humiliation that was befitting the day in that bill. He would find provisions thereof, sufficiently humiliating to those who fat upon the bench which he occupied in that House. In short,hc would find the best employment for a day of fading, prayer, and humiliation in a biH calculated to abolish places, pensions, and sinecures, and retrench the extravagance of government. But he believed it was not on account of fading, but of feasting, that the bill was to be delayed. It was not because Wednesday was the fast-day, but because Thursday was the benefit-day of Mr. Vestris, the French dancer. This was the true reason. It would be shameful to think of their constitnents, or to think of their country, when Vestris was to dance. It would be. dreadful to set about retrenchment and ceconoiny, when Vestris had advertised for a benefit. What was the falva-tion of the state compared 10 the interest of Vestris ! w In the piping times of peace," he said, he would dance as wil-lingly as any of them; he wsu fond of pleasure, in a season of

A. 1781* DEBATES. 50

joy : but now his mind was occupied by more melancholy confederations than dancing. But to a great pan* of that House, a dance was a much more important object than a war; and the opera house mud be maintained, whatever comes of the country. For his own part, he was no enemy to merit of any kind, either of the heels or of the head; and lie formed no delign aijni'fft Vestris, by moving for the fe-£ond reading of his bill on the day of his benefit; but the treasury bench had taken care of that interest which he had forgot. He promised the noble lord then, that if he would procure his bill to pass, and the reform to take place, he would have noobje&ion to make up to Vestris what he might suffer, by giving him the profits of one of the places to be abolished. The honourable gentleman concluded with a fe-rious appeal to the House against that abominable spirit of levity which thus drove them from business ofknational importance for the entertainments of a theatre. And considering it as an insult on the grave dignity of Parliament, to delay the consideration of the bill on such pretext, he prould abide by his motion, and divide the House.

The House divided on the amendment, and the numbers were, ayes 89, noes 77.

So that the second reading was appointed for the 26th.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke gave notice, that he would move 55r for leave to bring in the contractors bill on the first open day; and being asked what day that was, he answered on Thurs-t*rAr# day next. This produced a loud and univerlal laugh, 44 Poor Vestris" was echoed from every corner of the House.

- Mr. Minchin now rose and called the attention of the^jj^ House to a motion, " for an account of the number of ships,*. of thex line, frigates and fireships, under the command of Vice-Admiral Darby, on Friday the first, and Wednesday the sixth day of December last, distinguishing their rates."

He said, he conceived there would be no objection to the motion, as it only tended to give a piece of common information to the House; but if he was called upon to explaih his motives, he would do so.

Lord North said, that such a motion was very far from be- Ld ing a motion of course; it was not usual to make such a motion without specifying the reasons for which it was made; and he wiished to know if the honourable gentleman intended to follow up his morion with any other consequence.

Mr. ATtnchin very freely owned that he wifned to discover Mr. the truth of a rumour which had gone abroad, that Admiral

Darby

5io

V A R L I AM ENTARV A. i

Darby had not gone down to look at the enemy on the days t mentioned in the motion; it was said that he had it in his power to have brought the enemy to action, but that instead of doing so, he came into the Channel to avoid them. Condnft which had raised very alarming dissatisfaction in the navy, and which, if true, Was most injurious to its reputation He did not mean, by this motion, to ^rraign the admiral; he wished only to ascertain the guilt where it lay—It obviously rested somewhere; either with the admiralty or the admiral. It was said, that he had with him only seventeen ships of the line, if so, it was (candalous inattention in the board of admiralty; but he wished not to decide, he wanted now the necessary information by which a regular enquiry and judg-, roent might be formed.

Ld. Nmb*L°rd North said he must object to the motion, for this plain

reason, that such an enquiry could not be gone into with fair-ness or candour, in the absence of Admiral Darby, and of the officers of the fleet: their absence from the service could not be dispensed with : and at any rate the object was unfit for parliamentary difeuffion; {idee do enquiry could terminate in the conclusions act'erted by the honourable gentlemen; for supposing the nuniber1 of {nips should be proved to lie no more on these days than seventeen, no blame could be aferi-bed to the admiralty; they might have separatet} at sea; some might have been sent into port for special reasons : and as it would be impossible to lay before the House all the grounds on which either the admiralty or the admiral had acted, it would be exceedingly unfair to bring on the proposed invefb* gat ion.

Mr. Binhtr Mr. Bamber Gascoigne acquainted the House, that Admiral

Gtfcoigne. Darby had informed him, that he had only been within fight of the French fleet at one time, and that lb late in the day that he could not examine their force, and therefore be thought it imprudent and unwise to carry his fleet down among them at night.

Mr. Fmt, Mr. Fox said, he was astonished that an objection should be made to the motion, on the ground of its being improper to institute such an inquiry on the subject. The tendency of the motion was exceedingly proper for difeuffion, since nothing could be so important as the honour and the reputation of the Britishi navy. The 27th of July had been called a day o tdiflionour: he admitted that it was disgraceful; but the first week of December.was infinitely more fb. It was the first time that a Britishi fleet had consulted their

feenrity

5lt

A. 1781. DEBATES.

fsecurity by flight, without even making a shew of resistance or attack, as to count their numbers. It was proper to instirute inch an inquiry, but the present motion did not do it, aprj »hcrefore this motion could not be objected to, because Admiral Darby was absent. It would be improper to begin the inquiry when he was not present, but that Would not be done. Sufficient time would be given for his attendance, if an inquiry was gone into. As to what the honourable gentleman had heard from Admiral Darby himiirif, it Was impossible that the House could take cognizance of the relations ot private friendship. Admiral Darby had been in the Hou.e when this business was mentioned first, and had not laid any thing on the subject. He said, that there was jio impeachment of Admiral Darby in the motion; no t>lame attributed to him. It was only to ascertain in the first place, if there was any blame; and in the second place, to Jay it to the proper quarter. He did not know, but he believed that the admiralty were in fault in not providing a force .adequate to the occasion. He made some ingenious comments on the versatility of Governor Johnstone, and said, that he had not gone a hundred miles after his last panegyric on the first lord of the admiralty^ before he had found reason to change it into a Philippic.

Mr. Dundas, Lord Advocate, objected to the motion, as Mr a very improper and unfit thing to be done; both for the reason assigned by the noble lord; the absence of the party; for he could not divide the object from the motion; and also because he thought, that in a time of war, there were many incidents and a ream (lances in the navy which he did not. think the House of Commons ought to inquire into. When he appealed to the omnipotence of Parliament, he always had in his mind their wisdom and their policy; and it was by fhefe qualities that he considered what objects were fit for them to consider, and what were the contrary. He considered the present as one of the latter description, since it tended to give information to the enemy of the extent of our force at that time. The inquiry would be unfair also, because the witnesses, as well as the parties, were absent; they were employed in the service of their country, and they could not be called from that service to attend that House without material injury to the country. The proper time for such dii'cuffionk, was when peace gave them time and leisure for trials j at present, our trials Ought to be with the enemy.

Mr.

5H PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

would say this; and this consideration, added to those already urged in debate, would, he trolled, induce the House to reject the motion.

Sir jtbm Sir John Delaval said, he had no intention of entering into

Dit*vaL the debate on the present motion, till he heard the learned gentleman [the Lord Advocate] lay down doctrines which appeared to him very extraordinary to be heard and fullered in that House; he heard the right of the representatives of the people disputed to inquire into the condudfc of any officer, or into such measures of the war-ministers as were materially connected with the general- interest and welfare of the kingdom, and that the House, notwithstanding its omnipotence, was not intitled^to discuss points relating to the naval service, during the continuance of a War. He could not lit to hear such extraordinary, such unconstitutional doctrines, without rising to ask an explanation; he hoped the learned gentleman would retract them, as he could not conceive that he meant seriously to support them in argument.

The IW The Lord Advocate said, he thought it due to any gentle-jiJwcst*. jjj^ wjj0 had pajd an attention to his argument, to satisfy whatever doubt might have arlfen upon it; he felt himfeff perfectly disposed to support the argument he had used, which was not to dispute the right, or rather the omnipotence of Parliament, to enauire into what they thought proper, 1 but to dispute the wisdom and the political expediency of interfering with, and instituting enquiries on, every operation of the war which might appear and be improper, from partial and imperfect views, detached from the immediate sources ‘ of information,' and unconnected with the general plan of operations, which mull be confined as much as possible to the breast of those who were to direCfc those operations, if they were to be attended with any prospect of luccefs.

Sir J»bn Sir John Delqval thought the opinion now Hated by the DtlavaU learned gentleman, was free from those strong objections which had ft ruck him when he spoke before. If no other gentleman had felt the former argument as he had done, he was content to suppose he had mistaken it.

Cen. Smith. General Smith rose to say, that he had understood the Former argument exactly as the lall gentleman had done, and that he should have thought it his duty to have asked an explanation, if the honourable baronet had not done it.

Colonel Colonel Hartley supported some of the former arguments Hartley, for the propriety and the necessity of the motion.

The Speaker now put the question, when there appeared. For the motion 63; Against it 97*

Report

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Report was made from the committee on the Helflone election in favour of Mr, Yorke and Mr. Deane.

In a committee of supply, came to the following refoliw tions, viz.

That the sum of 15,587!. 17s. be paid to Duncan Camp* bell for maintaining the convicts.

22,22^1. be made good monies issued by addresses.

57,9101. 10s. to the American refugees.

30,9991. iis. 2d. towards making good the deficiency on* the 5th of July 1780, to paying annuities granted in 1777.

191,6641 7s. 2d. to make good the fame granted for 1778,.

193,6631. os. ;|d. to make good the fame for 1779.

222,745k 4s. 6d. to make good the fame for 1780.

That a provision be made for the pay and cloathing of thf militia when absent from home.

Adjourned.

Mr, Ord reported the resolutions of the commitffe of supply, and a short debate arose on fomc of the articles.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, objected to the sum of 57,910!. Sir 2 2s. voted for the American sufferers. He deiired to know the appropriation of this sum, and whether there was any ac-C/#r* count of the manner of its application laid before the House?

He conceived, that there was great and unnecessary prtffufion and he made the enquiry, because he knew that if some of the American sufferers had their real dcl'crts, they would have halters instead of pensions; it was owing to the falle information which ministers received from such kind of gentry, that half our calamities had arisen. He understood, that if any of these pretended sufferers came and told such tales as pleal'ed the ears of ministers, they obtained just what pensions they chose to ask for, and that t^e public money was thus thrown away, not only with profusion and negligence, but to feed a iet of vipers, who were gnawing the very entrails of Great Britain, and spilling her best blood. He declared, that he was well informed one of these Americans, whose place in America brought him in only 400I. a year currency, now received 5Qoi. lterling, as a pension from government, and he appealed to the House, whether any man ought to receive mofe for being perfectly idle and for having nothing to do, than when he was ia actual employ, and had his hands full of business

Lord Norths inanswer to the honourable baronet, said, thatU. North, 119 pnt American fuffeter received from government io much

February 20,

U u u a

as

S»6

%\tC.Yorgt.

Sir

Cooper,

Sir G.Yon

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

as his office in America was worth to him, nor any thing like it. Perhaps the person alluded to had forfeited a large estate for his loyalty and attachment to his sovereign, and had a numerous fair.il/ to maintain, the principal sufferers had not been in the service of government, and some who had small fidaries, had loft capital fortunes; those confederations, added to his loss of a place of 400!. a year, might have weighed, 23 he thought they ought to have weighed, with government, and induced them to give him a larger pension, than he would otherwise have had. His lordship said, die pension granted to each fufFsrer must he governed by the particular circumstances of the case; for what would be to one man a tolerable compensation and a decent maintenance, would not meet the distress of another, or enable him even to fqpport his family. This rule was attended to, but he could take upon him most confidently to afifert, that no person who held an office in America, and had been forced to fiy to Qrcat Britain for rer fuge, received any thing like the amount of his official salary. nor did he believe, if the honourable gentleman enquired further, he would find that he had been rightly informed.

Sir Philip said, a friend called 011 him, and breakfasted with him a day or two ago, and told him the story, and nam-ed the person. He could not at that moment recoiled! the name, but he would undertake to lay it on the table on Thursday.

Lord North jocularly said, €€ If the person U produced, and the case regularly proved, I will take care that he shall fast."

Sir George Tonge rose, upon hearing the resolution for 15,487*. 17s. to be paid to Duncan Campbell, for the care of the convicts, and asked when that expence was to cease } declaring that it astonished him, that the crimes and vices of individuals should make so large a part of the national burthen.

Sir Gny Cooper said, the expence had increased principally by the increase of the numbers, and also by the appointment of a chaplain, such a step having been recommended to the secretary of state, and by fbme other unavoidable incidents. He lamented the amount of the whole, as much as the honourable baroqet, and heartily wished some other means were found that would cost the' nation less; till such means were pointed out and adopted, the expence, great as it was, most be defrayed.

Sir George Tonge^ who understood that Sir. Grey said a chapel had been built; considered it as a proof that the prefen t

mode

3

1

A. 17*1, DEBATES.

inode of disposing of the convicts was intended to be continu* fed; to which he objected very strongly; if no other conference was to result from the commission of crimes than that of being maintained at a large expence by the public, he did not wonder that the number of convicts increased. No country in Europe sustained an expence of this nature; he understood that a plan had been proposed that the labour of the convicts should at least maintain themselves, which they might certainly do if they were properly employed, and the jbunness oeconomically conducted*

Sir Grey Cooper explained the mistake in the word chaplain, sir Grey jmd said, that when any practicable plan of maintaining the eonvi&s without expence could be proposed, nobody could polfibly have any objections to it#

Mr. Byng ironically observed, upon the whole of the refo-Mr. Byng. lutions, that any objection was as unneccfTary as it would certainly be useless. The committee had doubtless considered die matter very properly, as five or six gentlemen attended; and with regard to the report, it was a very common ob-fetvation, that the noise and inattention in the House arose i« proportion to the largeness of the sums voted. J

Mr. Huffey stated to the House, the sums that had from Mr. year to year been gone through, said, that he had Omitted to take notice of tfre deficiencies of the taxes, from the estimates at which they were taken, on the separate sums voted to supply those deficiencies, in order to collect the whole into one ium, which he found to amount for the last year to six hundred and eight thousand pounds; above thirty thousand pounds was also charged for the remaining deficiencies of former years. These deficiencies appeared to him of a very alarming nature, as they indicated a great failure in the resources of the kingdom, and the negligent manner in which they werefufFered to remain from year to year, was an anticipation of the Sinking Fund, and struck at the foundation v of the national credit. The house-tax in particular had failed, and been suffered to remain without any means being used to supply the deficiency, and that other taxes were nearly in the fame predicament#

Lord North acknowledged, that some of the late taxes had u. North. failed, and that was the purport of the present resolutions: they were; upon the report of resolutions voted by the committee of fujiply, for the very purpose of making good the deficiencies of the late taxes, which had been taken put of the poking fund; He reminded the honourable gentleman, that no

5i* PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

no deficiencies of unproductive taxes were taken out of the sinking fund, but of such taxes, as a security for which the sinking fund was pledged, and that every year the sums so taken, were replaced by such votes as there were then before the House. His lordship also stated, that the taxes which were unproductive in 1779, had been less unproductive last ' year. The house-tax and others had yielded one hundred and forty thousand pounds more for 1780, than it had dono for the year preceding.

The report was agreed to.

Wn JVx, Mr. F°x objected to the bringing up the report on the mu- tiny bill: he wished to have Tpoken upon the subject, and ihoqlJ have been glad to have had it re-committed, but in so thin a house he could not pretend to agitate a matter of so much importance. The mutiny bill, as it passed the committee, he underftcod, had alterations in it, which direct, overturned the constitution of this country, and gave up all right to supremacy over Ireland. He hoped therefore the right honourable secretary at war would not press the bringing up the report then, but would adjourn it to the next opcq -day, that the subject might be properly difeufied,

Jen- Mr. Jenkit /Jon,secretary at war, said he was of a contra-

ry opinion from the honourable gentleman, respe&ing the importance of the alterations made in the present bill, but he had no objection to having every part of it fairly difeuiled. If therefore the honourable gentleman would let the report be brought up, he would consent that the third reading should be fixed for any day the honourable gentleman chose to appoint; and as the whole of the alteration the honourable gentleman could wish for, was the insertion of the word €t Ireland," it might be done as well at the third reading of the bill, as if it were re-committed.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke said, so many and such great resolutions had happened of late, that he was not much surprised to hear the right honourable gentleman treat the loss of the supremacy of this country over Ireland as a matter of very little conference. Thus one star, and that the brightest ornament of our orrery, having been suffered to be lolt, thofowho were accustomed to inspect and watch our political heaven, ought not to wonder that it should be followed by the loss of aq«*

other*

So star would follow star, and light light,

’Till all was ^arkaefs and eternal night,

Mr«

A, 1781, DEBATES. 519

Mr. Fox said, the right honourable gentleman* proposal, Mr- Fom* of permitting the report to be brought up, and defer the confide ration of it to the third reading, would reduce hint to the dilemma of either moving that the word " Ireland" be inserted, or that the bill stand as it did, a matter he was.by no meaqs ripe to propose. He wished to have many points dif-7 cuffed, which coytd only be done in a committee; he trusted, therefore, that the right honourable gentleman would come into his first proportion, because, before he could give it as his opinion, that the word " Ireland" be or be not inserted^ he should be glad to know the nature of the Irish mutiny aft, the grounds upon which it went, the reasons for bringing it in, and the manner in which it had passed.

' Mr. Powissaid, the bill then under consideration, had passed Mr. the committee in a shameful manner^ as if. it were not of the leafi: importance, but a mere matter of course. The. present mutiny aft did not, he imderstood, expire till May, therefore there, was no opcasion for hurryiijg the bill through Par-lifcrtient.v ~ ,J : ' 7 "•*

Mr. Jenkinson said, that the prefdttf ihtitihy aft would ex-*fr* Jtn* plre in March. The report of tfrd committee was brought up* and the further consideration of It adjourned to the 23d.

Adjourned to the 22d.

February 22.' '

Sir Philip Jennings Gierke rose, according to the ihtimatioit Sir Pbifo which he gave some days before, to move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent " members of that House from taking " *' contrafts from government, unless under certain restrictions."

He said, that the principle and tendency of this bill was so well known to the House, by having been so often before’ them, that he would not take up their time in giving any fu- ' perfluous description of it. He begged leave however to say that the friends of that bill had increased in number fetfery 3 time that it came before the House, and in the last fession it " passed with unanimity. The House of Lords had not indeed thought proper to follow the example of the Commons; for apprehensive of the growing virtue of this House, they had rejected the bill. There never was a time, he said, when such a regulation was more necessary and more wanted than at this, moment. The growing difficulties of the country called for oeconomy; he trailed that the Houfp would pals the bill with -the fame unanimity that they did the year before, and he

Hoped that the House of Lords would alter their opinion, arid’* concur with the Commons in a measure of parliamentary cor-"4

rection.

s'ao PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

rfcftlon. He concluded with moving for leave to bring in the bill, and it was granted accordingly*

February 23*. r

A short debate arofc on the circumstance of withdrawing a name from the llcbeftenjpetition.

A motion being made, that John Lane be allowed to withdraw so much of the petition touching, the Lchester election as regarded him, the speaker dated to the, House the- nature, of the case, and informed them, that the content of the fitting member was obtained*

Sir Pkify. Sir Philip Jennings Chrh thought, thafthe House could not ijcrii*' accede to the motion, became the petition con tailed a charge r of bribery* The matter ^as now before the House; it was not a private concern; was a maxim in; law, that no man could compound felony,/fo be conceived it. was not in the ppwer of the House to compound a. charge of bribery and corruption. r

SirG.Y*ge. Sir George tonge thought there ought to be a specific rcagm

alledged, before the House gave their content to the .motion, and not take the matter up upon the naked requisitioa; he wished the honourable gentleman, the fitting member, would date to the House some reasonable ground why the motion should pass, and in order to fh?w that there was no collusion in the case.

Ht.P.Cnft Mr. ?. Cust (\aid, he had never seen the person who defir-ed to be permitted to withdraw so much of the petition as regarded him, and that there was not the fraalleft degree of collusion in the whole business. The fa ft was, he received a letter from llchester? by the post, which'letter, he bad then about Him; and which, with the permission of the House, he would read. The letter was signed John, Lane, and informed Mr. Cust, that the subscriber had been artfully made the instrument of a party, and had been drawn in to hgn the petition, for which he begged Mr. Cud’s pardon, and delicti his advice how to act, foas to get rid of the matter. Mr* Cud said, on the receipt of this letter, he feat for the man up to town, and got a friend to examine him driftly; that the result of the examination was, that the fafts,dated in the letter, were supported and enlarged upon by Lane, and therefore, the present motion was offered to the House,. which Mr. Cust declared, he submitted to their consideration and wisdom, without wishing either to lead, direct or bias their judgment upon it in the lead.

Mir*

At ij8i* DEBATES.

Mr* Scnvbridgt^rfminded the House of the ridiculous figure Mr* &w-they had made on former occasions, when they had endea-voared to push their authority further than the people at large were willing to admit it to go* He said, it was better to get rid of a frivolous petition in the first instance, than to proceed tilt it became necessary for them to attempt to punish the parties; an attempt that must prove nugatory from their want of power to infii& any punishment on persons, who were.not within the extent of tfcir jurisdiction. He cautioned them, therefore, not tq g? too far, but to be, wife in time, and suffer that.which they, cqvdd ?pot accomplish with dignity to pass in fiience., r

The Secretary ^War observed,.tJm the motion was pot forMr.JWi*. withdrawing a .petition, but that one subscriber to it might/•* jjot be obliged to support the allegations of it* The honourable gentleman, the fitting member^ had fiated afpeqial rea-fga for the House to agree to the motion, viz. that the man had been artfully drawn in to figu the petition, and therefore having heard that reason, he, for one, was ready to consent 4* to the motion*

Sir Robert Smith objected to the name being withdrawn, on Sir Roln* the ground of injustice to the other petitioner; different per- scions signing a petition, undertook amongst other things, to support a joint expence, and if the House should give leave for some of the parties to withdraw their names, they saddled others with ap expence which might probably be in tffeft par' tial and unjust.

Mr* Rigby adverted to what had fallen from Mr, Alderman Mr.' Ityty. Sawbridge, and said, he thought that magistrate was entitled to the thanks of the House in general for having warned them to keep out of a fcr^pc. He declared, that when a quefiion of a similar nature to that alluded* to by the alderman, war before the House the other day, he had been among thofr who said NO the loudest, on the quefiion being put, whe* ther Mr* Alderman Wooldridge should make satisfaction to the, fitting member for Abingdon ? The House having resolved that quefiion in the affirmative, he was not warranted to object to the decision; he should only therefore say, that he thought it extremely wrong at the time, because.be could ne* ver mink it either just or wife to interfere with a petitioner in that manner; much less could he think it fair to order him to pay costs, which cofis depended solely on the claim of the fitting member, and were to be apportioned by himself. He, paid a high compliment to Mr. Maycpr, and said it was not .Voi.. XVIII. X x x probable

5*»

U. North.

Mr. Jew

kinfo».

Mr. Ffx.

PARLIAMENTARY A*

probable that he Would give an extravagant charge but' sup-poling that Mr. Wooldridge and Mr. major were to direr' about the costs, what was the Hotrfe to do in that case, and who was to adjust the difference ? He profrfled he knew not, and therefore he perfectly agreed with the honourable magi-It rate, that it was wiser to avoid gttting intofoeh dHeonms, by an early acquiclbence with a request to withdraw a petition.

Lord North laid, that die court of justice; in which he flood, like all other courts of justice, was bound to certain modes of prafrice, and forms of proceeding; that die arguments which he had heard against the motion, would touch better have become the bar than the bdneh, for he had never heard that any court, when all the parties concerned* as in the present case, consented to withdraw a caofe, infilled that die cause should* be tried.

Mr. JeHkinfo*x secretary at war, now moved, that the order of the day, for the further consideration of the report on the mutiny bill, be read*

Mr. Fox rose, agreeable to his intimation to the Hdpfe, to move for the recommitment of this WR, for the purpose of correcting a very material and important alteration that had taken place In it. He began a roost ingenious and eloquent Ipeech with Hating, that if he had not been fenfibie of the difficulty and delicacy of his situation in the qneffcion which he was about'to agitate, the observation that had fallen from r gentleman high in office, and an old, well-informed member of that House, would have opened his eyes, and convinced, him that he was treading upon ground at once difficult and dangerous* The honourable gentleman bad (hid, that the House ought not to attempt to do that which it could dot* Iftilly and perfectly accomplish j and had advised them rathef to overlook the attack upon their dignity, by thepresentment of a frivolous petition, than attempt a punishment Which they c&uld not enforce. This was his sentiment, k was at dfl times so, since he conllantly was of opinion that prudence ought at ill times to be consulted in ffieafnres of dignity, and that they ought not to assert powers and authority at a season when their weakness was inefficient to support their claim. To agttale a question therefore respecting the powers* ' cCfupreroacy and feperintehdenCY, which this country afierted Over a fitter kingdom, at a time* when that’kingdom was cHfposed to-'militate the principle, must Certainly "Be dan-#trous grou«d, and particularly i6at*a moment, when the

A 17*1. DEBATES.

country was involved in a fccne of complicated calamities, and wat threatened with the moil dedfive ruin, He trusted that ie F^otife would forgive him, if, in the situation in which he then flood, he should take up a few minutes of their time'ln bating his sentimenta of the question; since he knew from experience, that pains would he taken to mtfrepresent what he Oionld say, in order to place him in a light unfavourable to the people of Ireland. The insidious pains that had been exerted on a former occasion to mifreprdent both him and other gentlemen of the same side of the House, had not altogether failed producing the intended effect, of making them odious in the eyes of a people whom they loved and ho* noured. Difficult and dangerous as the fixation was, he could not be induced from any apprehensions of personal consequence to permit a matter charged with so much apparent danger to pass unnoticed j at the same time lie was not uifen-fible of the unfavourable opinions of his fellow citizens.

He had many regions of friendship and aife&ion for wishing to stand well in the eyes of the people of Ireland*—and it was not his purpose to attack the claim which they had set up to legiAarive iriaependency. They had not a friend in that House more warmly-attached to their interests than himself Ho wished to share the danger? and the alarming tendency of this bill both to the liberties-of England and of Ireland, a n/1 he thought that to be silent on such a subject would be tacitly to assist in taking away from the people, in order to enlarge thp prerogative of tf>e crown, in demolishing and subverting the lir Denies of the subject, in order to give the prince a means of becoming gbfolute. He had been held out, he was awafe, as the enemy of Ireland, and the first lord of the treasurV had been declared to be the best friend of that country, though he had uniformly endeavoured to support the rights and liberties of the Irish, and to give them all that they requeued long ago, and which the noble Lord had positively denied them till they had armed themselves, and then by three foe* cific proportions had given more to force than he had before denied to supplipation* In better times than these, Mr. Fox laid, he should probably havp entered upon the topic in a man* ner and in language widely different from that he meant to adopt, and to use on the present occasion. In better times than these, he should have talked of the superintfinding power of the British Parliament ov£r Ireland, and over every part of the British monarchy; but such was the miserable situation to which the King's fervaxits had je<Juce4 this country, that

XHU c

5*4

PARLIAMENTARY Af t?St.

the question was of a very delicate nature indeed, and it was by no means a matter easy to be bandied without disturbing what ought not to be disturbed* and without producing coo-sequences, which every man* who wished well to his country* mull wish to avoid. In the prefenfc question, he wished to speak and to aX agreeable to the sentiments of some.of the first and bell men in the Parliament of Ireland. The powers of fuprpinacy and superintendency of this country*. over her distant connexions were topics which he knew were at this time dangerous to be touche^, but which had never been As pt any former period of our hillory. Ten years ago it would not have been considered as improper or dangerous to talk, on these topics, because then they were considered as necessary to the liberties and the well-being of the empire.* They were pot only considered by that House in this light, but by every f our extended empire they were allowed and ackaow-. the fame. It was the weakness of administration that

had given rife to different ideas. America had never complained of these powers till'her,Calm and sober requeffs were refused, and Ireland had pot smarted the contrary till relief was denied when her grievances were manifell. But now the topics were dangerous to be touched^—The weakness and the wantqqness of miniller$ hgd introduced into that House distte culties and embarrassments, new and unprecedented--- and he mull yield to the disagreeable neceljity of submission. But he might say, that if hie had been speaking on this subjex ten years ago, he would have found no difficulty jn saying, that the superintendency and fupremscy of this country was peceflary to the liberty of the empire for many great; and, in his opinion, unanswerable reasons; and that jn_ particular they ought to be careful never to give out of their own hands, the power of making a mutiny bill, He would have been able to have advanced various reasons for retaining this privi* lege, the first and moll powerful of which would have been a reason of apprehension, left at some future moment of neg? ligence or corruption, the Parliarrient of Ireland, the assemblies of any of the colonies of America, or of any other of out foreign connexions, should be tempted or prevailed on to grant a perpetual mutiny bill. If he had advanced this argument, he knew that it would have been immediately said of him, that he pulhed speculation to excofs, that he was chime- rical and libellous in his ideas, for that no House of representatives could be so negligent or conrupt as to grant Inch a bill, and no people so blind and supine as to bear it. Might h$ npt then now say this, when it yras qotan argument of spe-

pulation

Mi i7ft- DEBATES.

• eolation but experience; and when the Parliament of Iro* -land, had actually granted a perpetual mutiny bill to the

crown, by which they had veiled the Sovereign with the power of a (landing army, unlimited in point of numbers or duration ? There were in the passing of this bill, so granted, olfo several circumstances of a suspicious nature, which implied in pretty plain language that it was imposed upon them t>y the cabinet of England. It originated in the privy council of this country, ana was sent over at a time when Ireland was loud in their claim of independent legislation. The cabinet took advantage of the heat and the inflammation of Ireland* with respect to independence, and granted them the one thing, provided they would purchase it at the price of the other. They applied to the passions of the country; they seized bn Parliament in the moment of their warmth, and appealing perhaps to other passions than those of patriotic freri-

ay, they procured the consent of Parliament to this, and received a perpetual Handing army, in defiance of the declaration of rights Many of the lirfl members of the Irish Parliament were sensible of the Ihock which this bill gave at once to the liberties of Ireland and of England; and Mr. Gratton calls upon the people of this country to (land forward and proteCl the liberties of both, by preventing the dangers and the eflfe&s of a law so violent and contradictory to the con-Hitution. It was therefore a business in which both nations were equally ,affected, and in which they ought both equally -to unite. For His was a species of conspiracy between the cabinet, and that part of the people of Ireland, who, anxious for independence, were intoxicated with the idea, and inclined to purchase it at any price. The conspiracy was to this effectr-We will give you a mutiny bill of your own, if you, in return, will grant the crown a perpetual army. Notning was demanded for this country in return for the favours which had been conferred; nothing in return for the free trade; nothing for the independence; but a provision was made to grant to the crown a-perpetual power unwarranted by the conllitution.

In a moment of heat and clamour, when the minds of a whole country were agitated with the great question, and demanded an important concession,- it was the duty of a minister to maintain the duty and the supremacy of the country, as far as was con Alien t with the liberties of the empire at large; he ought to have yielded to the necessity of the occasion with*prudence, but not with intemperance; he ought not to have endangered the liberties of every part of the empire

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17*.

in order merely to calm the intemperance of the moment. The honourable gentleman Hated, that in his ideas on the bill, he would advance no arguments that he had not taken from hooks written in Ireland, and by Irishnaen. It was at once curious and alarming, that in the Irish mutiny bill, theprean* hie was left out which recited the declaration of rights. What could be the inducement of this omission ? It contained no enacting law, and consequently was in no ways an attack on the legislative independence of Ireland, It was merely de* claratory, and as the constitution and the rights in bothcoun« tries were the lame, the declaration of those rights was equal* Iy applicable to both. But it was found expedient to leave out the preamble, because the words, M Whereas it is illegal in the crown to keep a Handing army in times of peado*" were in direct contradi£Hon to the bill which bad been granted. The danger of the bill would appear in its full magnitude, when gentlemen reflected that all that was necessary now to the maintenance of a Handing army ifi Ireland, Unlimited ip number and duration, was the power of the purse. HiaMa-

er was possessed of an hereditary revenue in Ireland. Whi$h considerably increased, and was increasing. By thatpo-wer, by the power of the hereditary revenue of Hanover; if he had any--and by borrowing from other Hates—r if future kings might be tempted by their object to defeend to that corrupt expedient, money might be procured to maintain an army that might threaten the vtiy being and liber constitution. He considered the statute of King

commonly called the dtibanding statute, reducing the number of troops to 12,000, and which by a late a had been raised to 15,000, to be still in force with respect to thip country, bat it was not so agreeable to the present ideas of the people of Ireland, so that there was no Sufficient fefiri&ive power on ministers against maintaining in that country an army to any extent. But it might be argued, that without the power of the purse, the power of the army was nothing. To this he begged to answer, that two checks were better than one—that k was much better to have the power of the purse, and the power of the army, than only to have one of those for our Tpcurity and this had been the prudence and the policy of Britain. She had kept them both in her own hands, and had granted them only for one year. But Ireland had now given a perpetual army, and nothing more was wanting than the money. His present Majesty, thanks to his ministers, had no power on the continent from whom he could receive affi* t fiance; but feme future monarch, poflefed of wife and adm

A. 1*81.' DEBATES. "

counsellors, might by* the aids derived from foreign Gates raise ‘ v and maintain 100,000 men in Ireland, and direct them to any atchievement of despotism that ambition might frame; and there Would be but little focurity to be found in the refinance that the country might he inclined to make in such a moment. The precaution and the defence was to be taken before the alarm was up, and in this alarm, it was not only Ireland, but England also, that was threatened. With such a pro-f^eft before them, it could not be imputed to any motives of attack in the question of kgiflative independence of Ireland, that this country should take warning, ana prepare for its-own focurity. In the fame situation if Ireland Good with respect to England, mutatiz mutandis, if England was to adopt a limilar measure, and grant the crown an unlimited mutiny bill, Iteland would be excufoable if they took up the confide* rfetion of the business, and provided by some specific measure for their own safety* He said there WIs no responsibility in die miniGers under the present law; nor was it hi the power of ^either kingdom to bring them to a legal parliamentary conviction. He considered the miniGers who advised the perpetual mutiny bill, as guilty of high treason. He was in general an enemy to conGructive treason. He could not conceive that an unarmed, unarrayed mob, afiembted round the Houfo of Commons, could be said to be levying war against the King. 'No such construction could be drawn from the act of kdward the Third; and though he did not condemn the authors of some late opinions and attempts to-make this constructive treason, as having been wilful mifin-terpreters of a plain law, yet, he could only excuse them, as having too hastily adopted the speculations of a worthy, but, in this instance, a deceived man, Mr. Justice Fofter. But this act giving the crown a perpetual mutiny bill, in direct violation of the declaration of rights, was high treason' against the constitution of the realm. But how could he get: at the authors of the treason in the prefen t circumstances } It was perfectly iropoGible, for there Was 00 responsibility to be establishca against them. It might be fdid of hvm, in the prtfont instance, with some troth, as k was firecjuemly fakfc of opposition without truth, that he Was much readier to find the bhme, than to ad vile the remedy. In this instance he felt himself full of difficulties. He hotteftly declared,'

. that he knew not in what manner to act with prudence and wHxfom, He was fuH of indignation against the men wh<* had reduced v» to a Gate of such unprecedented difikoky,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17

that Parliament Could not assert their power* with safety, nor fugged remedies for evils that were foreseen with prudence. He might say, if they would permit the exprefBon, that this dtuation had been incurred by a fydem of Diligence and incapacity* Any other mintder would have lbf-tened, when it could have been done with propriety; or redded, when it could have been done with success : but the noble lord had affced contrary to every occassion. When Ireland, in a decent sober dile, applied to Parliament for relief from redridions which were at once impolitic and iMi-beral, the noble lord attended ny>re to the representations of individual members, who happened to be influenced-by the opinions of their condituents, the manufacturers of trading towns, than to the unanimous call of a whole country. He admitted the influence derived from the opinion of condiments, it was the bed and mod virtuous species of influence; but the minider could not be influenced by the opinion* of Banbury to redd the pretendons which his own liberal ideas of trade convinced him were jud and reasonable. But he was obliged, on account of the American war, to court the votes of individual members, and when the gentlemen'oa that dde of the House had carried a decidve quedion, be came down two days afterwards, and redded their anxious endeavours to red refs .their grievances, when they were temperate in their requeds. The honourable gentleman then dated the powerful and the rapid edect of the resolution and foe spirit of Ireland. Their ailbeiations had done more in a moment, than all the effects of friendship in their favour. All false reasoning had vanished; all little partial motives of reddance had cealed; local condderations died away inti ant -ly, and the noble lord in the blue ribbon, who had Ihewa himself foe lad man to liden to Applications, was the drd man to give way to force. The noble lord came down to that House, and by three lumping propodtions, did more for Ireland than lhe bad ventured to aik. Not that he blamed the noble lord for the concessions; the noble lord had acted wifely, and had properly told the House, that commercial condderations ought not to be taken upon a narrow, illiberal scale, but should be looked at as great objects. AH that he blamed in the noble lord was, his having cfone that meanly, which he might have done with grace and with dig-qtty; for gentlemen mud fee, that howevter prudent, and however wife it was to concede to Ireland when armed, con-tcefdon* made under such circumstances, could neither have

A> 1781. DEBATES*

grace nor dignity. The honourable gentleman said, that the associations mould always have his admiration and his applause.

He went into various other topics of argument, to shew ' the danger of this mutiny bill; and answerea such defence as he conceived would be set up in its favour; that an army raised and maintained in Ireland, under this law, though legal in Ireland, would be illegal in England. This he admitted; but such an army would not be less dangerous, because it was illegal. He said, that soldiers raised, enlisted, and attested in England, might be sent to Ireland, and placed under the military law, which in one instance at* leaf! was different from the law of England, since it gave the King power over them in every thing but in life and limb. Though he was an enemy to the dangerous influence of the crown, he was a friend to the just prerogative, and he considered the power vested in his Majesty, of fending troops to whatever placer of his dominions might require their assistance, as the most valuable prerogative. It was on this ground that the Earl of Chatham said, that retrenching the number of troops to be employed in Ireland, was " tearing the master-feathe* from the eagle’s wing.*’ He coilfidered therefore this bill, as containing different laws, to be dangerous to the prerogative, because it might prevent the crown from fending troops from any other place of his dominions to Ireland, or from Ireland to any other part of his dominions, in cases of emergency. And if it could be conceived that his Majesty’s ministers should, to the astonishment of the world, foresee danger, and provide against it, this bill might (land in the way of their growing virtue.

He said, he felt the difficulty of proposing any remedy for this evil. He did not propose the recommitment of the bill, in order to move to re-insert the word Ireland. He confessed the impropriety of such an attempt; but he was of opinion that some clause might be adopted, by which the number of the army in Ireland might be limited, and by that means a re-fponfibility established in ministers that might give some security. He was not prepared with a clause to answer the purpose, but such a one in his opinion might be framed. It was to be attributed to the negligence of Parliament and of ministers, that they were reduced to this dilemma. The responsibility proposed, in no measure affected the independence of Ireland. It was a mere measure of peculiar policy; and in the same manner it would be fit and proper in Ireland to act towards England, if England were to pals a perpetual Vol. XVIII. Y y y mutiny

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781-

mutiny bill. Many more things he owfted he had on his mind to offer on this subject; but he saw the impropriety of urging all that had occurred to him. He was restrained by the confcioiifness that every thing which he said would be misrepresented in Ireland, and that with the basest of purposes, He retninded the House again, that the Irish mutiny bill had originated in this country, and that it had passed under the mod suspicious and alarming circumstances. He Concluded with saying, that he should iHove for the recommitment of the bill, when tffe present question was settled.

Mr. T. Townshend seconded the motion.

The Stere- The Secretary at War spoke in very guarded terms of the tsryat Wtr^extreme delicacy of the subject now before the House, and wished, as much as possible, to avoid entering into any of theffe topics which it was bbviously better, on both fides of the House, and on both lides of the water, from every consideration of prudence and policy, to avoid. The honourable gentleman had, as usual, stated various charges with great strength, which he was persuaded the House yvould fee in a different light from a more simple date of facts. It had ' been a great object in former reignfc to endeavour to reduce the legislature in Ireland to pass a mutiny bill, which had not been accompltshed till the time of Queen Anne. The objects of this bill were the railing, paying, and due government of1 the army; the bill of Queen Anne went only to the first two objects, but it was a perpetual bill. In the year 1688 the first mutiny bill was passed in England, at which time an attempt was made to pass a dmilar bill in,Ireland, which failed, in 1692 a bill passed the House of Lords, and feat here. The great Lord Somers was then attorney general; and every one knows how much the attorney general has to do with irish bills in this stage. The great authors of the Resolution were anxious that Iraand should have a mutiny hill of their own; and though many attempts were made to introduce one, it was not until it was known that they would not admit of one, that the word Ireland was inserted in the English mutiny bill. This bill was on the fame principles as that now the object of debate; like that, -it obliged the army to obey certain rules and articles of war, published, or to be published, and authorised by his Majesty; and like this it was perpetual: yet Lord Somers, and all those warm defenders of constitutional liberty, who were then in power, approved the bill. Those who had been deeply concerned in settling the resolution in framing the Sill Rights, and all

A. 1781. DEBATES. ggp

the measures bf that most respectcabte period of bur hiftbr^,

had concurred in their advice ih council to approve thte bill, it had been sent over to the Lord Deputy Sidney, with mjtfn&lon to endeavour to prevail 'that it mould be pafikl in hbth Houses, but it*failed in the Commons. The perpetuity of this bill hi Ireland, he considered as necessary for the very seasons that hard been urged agairtli it! It was certainly pro* per to prevent the great inconvenifencies that would arift from the army’s beipg subjpcSt to diffident mutiny act in di£-jfetent fituptidns Of Service; yet this it would oe impbffible t6 avoid, if the mdtiny bill was cortiplered as annual, - and subject to alterations in both countries. •. Considering hirrffetf as fully. sup^orted by the telpeftablb authorities named* hte treated, with tome degbee of ridicule, the ideas of danger to liberty which had been so watrrtly urged by the honourable member who spoke before him. Jt had been said, that the King might borrow money and raise troops; it might With -^kjhal eale bb ihpposed, that the King might borrow troops of neighbouring princes, and employ them on designs dangerous to the uberties of his subjects, or in a dire<5 attack '©h the conflifutfon and the rest rain ts* by Which his authority was confined., When suppositions of this kind were admitted, they might be extended to any length; but he trusted that Whenever real-danger appeared, there Would always bfe a spirit in this country which would be fully able tenll it, which spirit could receive no support from grbufldtefs fears and apprehensions. With respect to the degree of criminality which the honourable gentleman had thought proper to charge upon the King’s servants for suffering the Irish bill to be made perpetual, the honourable gentleman forgot that if it were high treason, the Irish Parliament were equally guilty with the King’s servants, because having adopted the alteration, and passed the bill with it, they h£d committed high treason as fully as the King’s servants had. The fa& was, there Was #p criminality in the case.; and as he trusted he had shewn it was by no means unprecedented, He flattered himself they would agree to the report.

Lord Mahon said, had the motion of his honourable friend U. Mahon, been a motion to recommit the hill for the purpose of inserting the word " Ireland," he was prepared to have opposed it; but as the intention of the recommitment was of a different kind, he should support it. His lordship said, he was aware of the delicacy of touching upon the question of the superin-tendency of the British Parliament over Ireland, and of the danger of opposing it in contradiftindtion to the superinten- dency

PARLIAMENTARY, fcc. A. 1781.

dency of the Irish Parliament, and he should carefully avoid coming near those points. His lordship then replied to several parts of the argument of the secretary at war, and particularly denied, that what Kr. Fox had stated as a supposed case, viz. that a king of England should borrow mo* ney of a foreign power to pay his army with, was a matter in the clouds. His lordship said hiilory proved that such a fa& had existed, and therefore it was fair to put it as a fa& that might happen again.

. Mr. Burke said, he felt, in a degree fully equal to any !* gentleman who had spoken before, the extreme delicacy of the present subjectc; but he thought himself called upon not to decline giving his opinion on a subject, in which local attachments might be supposed to interfere with his duty. In the present divided and distra&ed ft ate of the empire, when every thing seemed to be falling to pieces, it became men to be firm, and to look on the preservation of what yet remained as their first duty. On some little noise in the House, he said that he entirely coincided with what had been urged by his honourable friend on making his motion, which was sufficient for him to say, as the House did not appear to wish to hear him.

The Speaker now put the question, that the report of the committee on the mutiny bill be now read a second time, when k pasted in the affirmative without a division.

Adjourned to the 26th.

END OF THE FIRST VOLUME*

